What's up, Thomas? Yeah, so one thing that I'm taking a look at and also being mindful of, I posted earlier in MPICS about the NFP tomorrow. For those of you who don't know what that is, it's a financial announcement in a nutshell that goes over employment other than farm jobs and government jobs. And depending on if we meet expectations or not, it can be extremely...
have a very big impact on all financial markets that are denominated by the US dollar. For instance, Forex traders, a lot of them don't even trade these events. They're in the first Friday of every month. And maybe say if the dollar is bearish, right, then we're going to have a bullish move on any kind of currency or asset that is denominated by the dollar. So it's definitely something you want to keep in mind.
Forex and crypto are starting to move more and more in a similar manner. So if we think that the...
The dollar may fall pretty hard. We need to be mindful of that whenever we're looking to execute trades on days when those announcements come out. Like I said, a lot of people don't even trade these days. I wouldn't recommend opening trades right before it. If you're in trades already, de-risk yourself for sure, regardless of where it's at. Maybe take some profits. But I do want to go over that. So really the way I see it. So if we're expecting...
a pretty bearish reaction to the dollar. You know, people that are trading pairs against the dollar, whether it's Forex or crypto, you know, could expect anything denominated by the dollar to see an up move. For instance, if we look at the dollar and we see, let's mark both charts up. So let's just go to euro dollar. I know this is crypto. I just want to give you guys an example. Go to both on the four hour.
So we'll see that oftentimes, for instance, let's go, let me make it to my cursor. So let's look.
When we see a big down move here, what do we see up here? We see an up move. So you're going to be able to use the DXY, it's the US dollar index, as kind of a, you can use it as confluence to enter exit trades, confluence to not trade. It's just definitely something you need to be mindful of. So for instance, if we're expecting the, okay, this is euro dollar. So it's, you know, the euro against the dollar.
So if we see the dollar fall, we're going to see the euro against it rise even if the euro is not gaining any value.
It's solely because it's denominated by the dollar. So we have to look at Bitcoin, Ethereum, everything we trade. Tether is the dollar. It's a peg of the dollar. So if we are trading an asset that is denominated by the dollar, it's important to be aware of potential moves the dollar might make. Overall, the dollar looks pretty bullish, if you ask me, on a high-time frame perspective. But as we all know, after we get these breaks of structure, we can expect a pullback.
Where do we expect a pullback to? Maybe it's this demand. And again, we cannot bet on this. We need to wait until it unfolds. Maybe it's this demand. We're starting to form an inside bar. You might see the dollar just fall a little bit, consolidate. Who knows? The NFP may be better than is projected. But I know they announced that private payrolls increased only by 128,000, which is the lowest gain of this entire pandemic era.
So that's not going to be good at all. That's a sign of weakness in the economy, which is going to translate to a fall in value of the currency. So maybe we are looking to an area down here.
And I know some of you guys are watching and saying how you're doing TA on the dollar. I promise you, go back and backtest it if you're doing some more money. But we could expect a fall here. So for those of you that are really anxious to short crypto, believe me, we're going to go over why I want to short too. I do. But you need to be very mindful.
what that DXY falling can do. You could have the best TA in the world and in reality it might be just a setup to create liquidity.
And then the dollar does the exact opposite of what you needed to do, and your TA is no more. So you need to understand the context of the workspace you're in. So I just wanted to start off by telling you guys that. Don't sleep on that. You can sit it out, wait till after. Like I said, if you're in trades, manage them, de-risk. But overall, sentiment on crypto, I think you guys are probably not going to be surprised at this. For me, it's pretty bearish as of now.
Now, when we are navigating markets, as a professional trader, you cannot have an emotionally convicted perspective. And what I mean by that is, I love crypto. I'm bullish on it long term. I think it has a lot of great use cases. I think that crypto is going to change the world in a lot of ways. It already has in some ways. But as a trader, I look at this chart.
and I do not see any confirmation of a shift in trend.
Now, there is a bull case, the case that for people that study Wyckoff, saying that this is really just the beginning of phase B in accumulation, which the end game goal of phase B is for the market makers to exhaust retail traders and gain more control of the market before pushing the upside. Now, that is a possibility. I see that case. We are under all old lows since 2020.
since 2021, we've cleared out all this liquidity on the high timeframes. You could look for signs of a reversal here, and we just might see it. But for me, and everybody has a different framework for whatever they need to happen in order for them to be bullish, for me, there's nothing changed. Here, I'll go to a different...
There's nothing changed about this trade. I'm sorry about this. I've seen that long position. There's nothing changed about this trend to make me think we're bullish. Now, why? Because a lot of people, and it's way more simple than you think. And this is how you can develop a very, very easy framework for whether you're bullish or not. So, you know, of course, you want to look at the higher timeframes. You know, on the weekly, you can't really say where.
were completely bullish at all here, in my opinion, because before, what were your swing low and your swing high? This was it. Now, on this exchange, I don't think it has, but I know that on some exchange, we closed a week under this low. So when we're using swing structure, people often misinterpret swing structure as something like every big move is a swing. Like they'll draw every single one of these moves.
you know is a swing anything that has significant movement is going to be a swing to them that's just not the case so because whenever we're looking at market structure we have to remember that a low has one job and a high has one job and that is to make one of another or one of each other for instance if we have a low its job is to make a high until it's fulfilled its job it's not a swing low and vice versa with highs so when we look at the market structure we have
You can't start over here and say, okay, here's this. Here's our swing high. Oh, we were bullish again. I've seen people doing that. They'll go like this. They'll say, okay.
Shit, I'm going to draw that one. But they'll say this. I saw this on Twitter. And it's just like, that's not right. It's just simply not right. There's no opinion on that. There's no, you know, oh, this is my style. It's just not right, right? Because why? This isn't a high. So we haven't broke any highs on the high time frame. So we look at the high time frame.
we look that, you know, it's pretty obvious here. We don't have to go all the way left to know that this down here is a new realm than we are in up here. So you could say you had this high here. Okay, you made a new low down here. Made a new high. You made a new low here. I wouldn't consider this a swing. So where did you actually see a decent pullback? Right here. So then what? Now here's your low. Now, what about this is bullish?
No matter how you draw structure, we haven't even wicked that high. Whenever we're trading, we have to look at the market from a perspective of what is and not what we're speculating. Now, I do see the bull case, 100%. I do see it, but I cannot act based off of that until I have proof of that.
And what is proof of that? It's very simple. This is where everybody's like, how do you know if you're bullish or bearish? Are we making higher highs and higher lows or vice versa? Here, we're making a very clear downtrend. Until that has shifted, I'm not bullish. It's that simple. And that will take the thought out of this for a lot of you who have that confusion or you're not.
you know, 100% confident in your perspective of the market, your bias. This is what we talk about when we say we're building our high timeframe bias. So we have to think of order flow as what we have. We cannot speculate as traders. You're a gambler. When you're a speculator, that is gambling. That's the difference between trading and gambling. So we have to go with the expectation.
that this is going to continue. So we look at this high as a strong high. I know some people in chat are asking this today. So why is this a strong high? Well, it did its job, created a new low. That simple. Why is this a weak low? Well, it hasn't made a new high. All these are weak lows.
So, when we're trading with the trend, you want to get into trades at the lower high, as long as it's formed. Now, one thing I do want to be really clear on is that all trends are broken. By any means, am I just married to the bear perspective? Absolutely not. Like I said before, as a trader, you have to go with what you have in front of you. You can't get emotionally attached. Now, do I want to be bullish on crypto? Would I rather crypto look like it's going to $100,000 this year? Fuck yeah.
because then we can all make a ton of money off just holding equity. But until I have a logical reason to think that way, you can't think that way. That's the way I see it. So until then, we assume that this is a strong high. And we went over why it's a strong high technically, but also you can look at it from the perspective that it took a lot of money to push this down and break this low.
So whenever a lot of money enters the market at one area, maybe they're selling, short selling, then what are they going to do with this high? Because this is where they got in most of their positions. Are they going to let prices blast through their positions? Well, at some point, like I said, all trends change, but we have to assume until they do, this is going to be a protected high.
The high time frames now this same concept can be applied through every time frame But with more time you're gonna have much more power in your TA you're gonna have a better
probability of this remaining a strong high. So what do we do when we're trading with the trend? Well, you know, if you're trading with any of these trends, where was the absolute best place to get in? Like, for instance, we'll say, where is the best place to get in in this range? If you're shorting, because, I mean, you know, you could say here and long, but, you know, let's see which was the better move here to here.
or here to here, or wherever you ended up taking your profits. Obviously, we can see that trading with the trend over time is going to be more profitable.
Now, you can trade counter trend, of course. I'm not saying you can't. We do that all the time. But when we're looking at the high time frame narrative, what is the story that price is trying to tell us? We have to go with what we have. So for instance, in here, tons of people were bullish. They were buying all the way through up here.
What happened? This just ended up being redistribution. People got left in the dirt. People are losing money like crazy. They're also developing bad habits. They're fucking up their mindset. But it's all just because of a speculative hope and desire rather than going with what they have in front of them.
while the people who understand this concept were totally okay with waiting until we get up here, looking for those signs of a reversal, and then position themselves accordingly. So you can see that it seems like this high is definitely being protected. We got up here, very huge, fast animated move up into our level. Oftentimes you'll see that whenever you're trading smart money. For those of you who already...
trade it profitably, you know that a lot of times you're going to see price move very violently into your POI. And it might scare you when you're starting, but that's what you want to see as a supply and demand or smart money, whatever you're going to call it. As that kind of trader, you want to see that displacement going into your zone because then you can know that large money had interest to push.
price to that zone now i know some of you guys have have gone through you know price blasting through your stop loss that happens as well but whenever you see price move with displacement to your entry and then react with displacement that's when you can start to build more confirmation that you know your expectation was correct so we look at crypto here
Like I said, I see the accumulation narrative. I see it. And if we can confirm high above here, I'm all for it. I start to look for longs. But the way I see it, you could draw this whole zone as supply and demand. That's a huge zone. Now, did we see reaction to it a ton of times? Here, here. Every time we came into this zone, you saw reactions. You were engineering liquidity to the upside.
People, everybody was going short, was going short. Oh, this is the top. Stops, loss is here. They probably didn't take anything. Bam. Same thing. It's just engineering liquidity. So once we finally came up and absorbed all of this supply, you know, this is where you want to maybe refine your zone. See, what do we really react off of? So you could say you could do just the last candle if you wanted. This is how you'd start.
You could say just this whole candle. Now, you look, we tapped through this. We still saw the reaction, but you went through this zone. And I know a lot of you who learned order box, you know, you have a more black and white view of what candle should be respected. But whenever we look at it from a perspective of, you know, kind of throw away all of the really crazy, like, oh, it has to be the last candle, this and that. Look at it from, you know, a perspective of almost.
not common sense, but like logic. Okay, for instance, if we saw selling in this zone, we saw a price really move down at displacement. Now, there's multiple ways you can draw these supply zones and figure out where the orders are left behind in the market. Now, wicks, it's called fractal demand. For instance, if I draw this wick here on the four hour, if I go in on the 15 minute,
I'm going to be able to find order blocks, supply and demand zones, and maybe a more refined POI. And it goes back to like I'm saying, when we're looking for areas of supply, we're just looking for areas where there might be orders left within the market. Now, if we marked up this whole zone here, you can see price moves back up here. We clear out a lot of those orders. There's not going to be liquidity or orders left in areas price has already retraced through.
So using a really huge zone of supply and demand, you know, that can not only confuse you because you might think that you're doing things wrong whenever price, you know, maybe it goes through it and then reverses or maybe, you know, you get your low time confirmation and price continues the upside. But really, it's all about just finding those zones that haven't been hit. So, for instance, over here.
If you look, we have this candle up here. I know this sounds crazy to say that it might be this last candle, whatever. You can mark it. Now, maybe all of the orders weren't satisfied from this candle. This is where supply was originally introduced into the market. This is where this trend right here became bearish.
It's the top, right? But you have to look at it from a perspective that it's more or less hedge funds, banks, financial institutions, whatever you want to call it, that are manipulating price. But the way that they're doing this is through algorithms. So for instance, whenever we're playing supply and demand zones, whenever I say, oh, there's orders left here. Well, think about it like this. When price reaches a zone where we see supply introduced, how is that happening?
Why is price moving so violently away? Well, simply put, there was an inefficiency of supply and demand in this area. And supply overtook demand. And that's why price rushes to an area where there is demand. Price will return up. Now we'll see if this supply holds and is respected. And that's how you can get confirmation that price, okay, now supply is in control of the market. Now, how do they create these inefficiencies?
Well, algorithms are spamming orders, reading the order books. They're figuring out where there's liquidity enough to do so. Once they get to these areas, they're going to put orders in all over the place. Now, most of them may get filled, but a lot will be left in the market. That's why we say there's supply left.
in the market here. Why? Because this was an area where they created enough liquidity to where they could place these orders. Once price reaches back up into this zone, you're not going to always have filled every single order because that's what we say we're mitigating. You hear the people say mitigating or there's orders left in this WIC. That's what that means because I know it can kind of get cryptic when people talk about it and you're like,
Fuck, I don't even need to know what it means. I'm just going to do the TA. But I think it's good to understand that. So we're looking at identifying supply and demand zones. We want to look at what makes sense. Like, okay, are you going to say that this is your supply and demand zone? Because a lot of people just say, oh, institutional candles. For instance, it's already been filled. There's obviously no orders left there.
So you can pair this with liquidity as well. You could say, okay, well, there's a lot of clean highs here, here, you know, every high in the range, practically, you know, you have, this one got cleared, but you get the picture. Because when we go back in that four hour, you have all that liquidity we were talking about becoming, you know, these stop losses for shorts. There's a lot of buy stops here. So you want to look at it from a perspective of not only market structure. So we have a bearish trend.
right? We have a very clear, we're making lower lows and lower highs on a four hour chart. Now you may use a daily or weekly, whatever it is, just use a high timeframe to get your actual perspective on the market. This is going to be the framework for how you enter trades. And like I said before, you don't have to just trade one way. You can trade counter trend, but you have to do it with the perspective of the market, your bias, right? So this is how you build that bias. So the way I see it on the four hour chart, we're
Market structure is bearish, right? We're engineering liquidity to the upside. We engineered up to the downside as well at first, but price came here, swept out that liquidity, gave us enough juice to go all the way up here. This is inducing retail liquidity. I've had people literally text me in the last couple of days about, you know, Bitcoin. Should I buy? Should I buy when it's up here? And that's kind of the goal of these scam pumps. And also to push back up to an area where there's enough liquidity.
for large institutions or whales, so to speak, to enter these trades to continue the trend. Because like I said before, where was the most profitable area to get into trades here? It was at this top. This trend could be broken. You have to also, when you're building these biases, I have a lot of people that I work with that get really tripped up and it's like you're forced in that bias, like you're only bear.
Whenever you develop that bias and your outlook and your sentiment, if you will, you trade with that sentiment. For instance, you're going to be a little bit more liberal when shorting in this kind of trend, and you're going to be more aggressive with your profit-taking and conservative on entering counter-trend trades.
you know, you're going to break even much sooner. You're going to have less of a target because whenever we're trading with the trend, if you, if you enter on a higher or on a lower high, for instance, like we're just looking at this, you know, all of this is just one big market structure. Well, theoretically, if you enter up here, you're targeting the low down here. And obviously you'd target weak lows along the way, but that's how you trade it. Now, if you're on a 15 minute.
You know, for instance, if you got in up here, let's just say, let's use an old example. Let's say if, you know, here you were in a bull trend. You had made that higher high. You know, obviously we were making, you know, higher highs and lows here. You know, say if you entered here and you're playing the continuation, you took your profits here.
at the weak high. Because remember, what is a high's job to make a new low? In this situation, your low was all the way down here. Did this high do its job? Certainly not. So we target it. Now it's the same thing on the high timeframes. Whenever you're looking at things from a high timeframe perspective, if this low doesn't do its job and make a new high, well, then you look to get short and target that low.
I think that this is a pretty exaggerated move away from this supply up here. We got very close to breaking out of this 32,650. The high over here, I think that's what it is on. It's 32,658 on USDT, but perps, it's 32,650. Regardless, we got close to that strong high, and we saw a violent reaction from it. So if I'm looking at this,
from my high time frame perspective, which right now is bearish, because I can't make myself bullish until we're bullish on the high time frames. So I'm looking more for shorts. Now, does that mean just short anywhere? Absolutely not. I'm in longs right now. So I know it's like backwards to some people like, oh, well, how are you bearish on the high time frames, but you're looking for your longing? Well, you know, you can play these retracements. Is the low we made a higher low?
I'm not sure which one you're referring to. You mean like just any of this low? I mean, remember, you could say it's an internal low. Yeah, sure. But if this can't be a higher low, what confirms a low? A new high. When we're talking about swing structure, everything within this is just internal structure.
So all of these highs and lows, they're just internal structure. It's not your swing structure. That's not your overall trend. Now, does the four-hour shift bullish and shift back bearish multiple times here? Now, the immediate bias does. So for instance, if we're using internal structure, let's look here.
So, you know, we've talked a little bit about mapping internal structure before, but it's the same concept as swing structure except on an internal basis. So, for instance, we have a candle that the candle after it breaks its high. Well, what did this low do? It made a new high, right? So now we look for a pullback so we can say, you know, OK, well, this candle didn't break the high, but it also didn't break this low.
This is actually going to be a weird example. I'm going to go to a 15 minute and make it a little easier. Let's do it like this. This will be a good example. For instance, we had this candle right here. Start here. This candle right here made new highs. Now it came up. We had a pullback. Now did this candle right here. A lot of people, this is where they get tripped up. They're going to say this is the high.
Well, did this candle make a new low after it? It didn't. So that's not a high on an internal basis. So what's the high right here? So now we have our low and high. So price comes down. Each candle is breaking the previous candle's low until when? Until right here. But is this your low? No. Why? Because this candle didn't break its high.
Now, this is going to be the beginning of a pullback here. So then what candle started? It seemed like you had a low here. I don't know how this price action unplayed. This could have been made, and then we cleared it. We're looking in hindsight. But theoretically, you may have had a low here and a new high, and then you had this low right here at this inside bar. And why is this the low? Well, because the next candle broke its high. It did its job.
So that's your new low. Now, it's not the same as swing structure because you're probably wondering, well, how's this the low? Because like what you just asked, this goes to like, you know, is that one high or the low a high or low? Maybe on an internal basis, you could look at it like that, but not from a swing structure perspective. So here we push up. Okay, what candle makes this candle right here makes a lower low than this candle. So that makes us a high right there. So then what happens here? This candle.
causes the next candle to break through its high. So that's a low. And you can continuously do this. And you may be wondering, what the fuck does this help me? Like, why do I need to know all that? Let's just look over here. So whenever we're talking about changes of character, you can use swing structure. And you can say, you know, a change from a bullish swing structure to a bearish swing structure is a change of character.
Or, you know, we got to remember price is fractal. So, for instance, a change of internal structure on the four hour is often a change of swing structure on the 15 minute. A change of internal structure in the 15 minute is often a change of swing structure on the one minute. Because remember, we're looking at price.
When we're looking at these candles, every one of these 15-minute candles could be a whole trading range in the one minute. You have 15 candles in there. So whenever one candle forms a low and that low is taken, most likely that's a change in swing structure in the low timeframes. So how can we use this to our advantage? Well, say you're looking at price to begin a pullback. How are we going to determine a pullback? We're going to see a change of character.
A change of character on the internal structure is going to show you something that's happening before it happens on swing structure. This is a great example, actually. So for instance, you know, we had, let's see, we had a low here and you made a high. Then right here, you made a low. Then you made a high. So you see, you were kind of, you were bullish here. If we go back here, you're going to be making higher highs, higher lows. And then what happened? That low.
Now you have seen supply become introduced to the market. So now you have had a bearish change of internal structure on the 15 minute. Now on the one minute, let's go back and see. What was your one minute swing structure? It's not going to be the exact same as the internal highs and lows, but we can see right here was our swing. Right here, our swing low and our swing high. So what happened right here?
Maybe not right at this line, but in this price leg, price broke that low. And now we've shifted swing structure on the one minute. We could tell and see this just by using the 15 minute. So when we pair these internal changes of character with maybe a high time frame POI.
you could potentially look to go short. Now you want to also, you have to use your high timeframe bias. Am I going to do this if the high timeframe is extremely bullish? Probably not. But if I'm trading with the trend, we're in a premium.
and we see a shift in internal structure in a high time frame POI, we can say the supply might be new supply is being introduced to the market. So if we look here, now you can get more confirmation, just like we have the double confirmation entries. You can wait until this happens twice. Now, we don't want to just use any internal structure.
being broken again in order to confirm that the supply is being respected. Now what we can do is we identify where the supply is. Oftentimes you can use the entire range here. I know that we are just going over high time frame supply zones and why you want to refine them, and you can do that here. That may be your style, but I've found that you can read the story that price is telling you without having to refine maybe to this candle.
So you could say, you could use the institutional candle. You could use the whole range, right? Now we see over here, what does price do when it comes up into the zone? We see another change. Now, the important thing to understand here is we're not looking for just the first low to be broken. That doesn't confirm it for us. What we need is to identify the demand that pushed us up into this area. Now, you know, you may view it as this right here.
Or you may view it as this candle down here. However you draw supply and demand here, again, it's personal preference. I recommend using the low because when we're looking at price, we're trying to develop a true understanding of it. We want to see where to price pivot because that's where demand was introduced. What stopped us from falling? Demand. Of course, right here we can say, well, this demand pushed us up into it. But the way I looked at it, you want to see where new demand is introduced. Maybe it's an area of old demand.
But we still have demand in this zone to push us back up to the supply. Now, for me, I would have drawn these last couple candles right here. Specifically map them out, these last down candles. Or you could get fractal. You could say the wick. It's totally up to you. But when I look at it, I'm not even really looking at the zone as much. I'm just looking at the low. So once this low is taken, this can confirm to you that supply is now in control.
So where was the new supply introduced to push us away from this zone? You know, you could, again, you could use the institutional candle, however you do it. I like inside bars because remember an inside bar is just a zone on the one minute. If we're using an inside bar in the 15 minute, an inside bar in the four hour is going to be a zone on the 15 minute. So especially when you're using high timeframe supply and demand, it's really good to use inside bars, go back and back test it. It works.
much better than trying to use a whole zone or maybe a huge institutional candle. So now we see price come back up into that supply and you can see that that's where we really reacted from. And what sucks is a lot of times, like for me personally, I would have rather seen a change in swing structure and price, instead of doing what it did, we'll say price broke down. It maybe came down into this demand.
and then continued back to the upside.
back to that newly introduced supply and then gave us that entry. And that's going to be a more conservative, safer bet a lot of times. But you can see that internal structure when paired with other confluences can work because that's kind of what I'm reflecting on looking back at Bitcoin, you know, completely tanking from here. It's like, okay, well, how could you cut that? I know some other people have gone over it too. But that's the way you can use that internal structure. I know I kind of just went on a tangent.
from you asking me if this high or low was low or not. But I hope that helped with that question that yes, it probably was an internal low, but does that shift the overall trend of the market? No.
So you could say, when we're in a four-hour bear trend and price is coming down, once we get that break of structure, we can expect a retracement. How can we determine when that retracement is starting? Well, you can look for that change of character. So for here, let's see, you made...
obviously up here you had a high and I use inside bars like I've said before like this candle is not your high neither is this one well this one was a high but then what happened you had a pullback so what candle broke the previous candles um low I'm gonna look what you tagged me in let me go to uh where is it crypto chat or is it in crypto chat I got the alert oh no it's in the chat hold on a second
How does this work on high timeframes? It's the exact same. Remember, price is the same. Price action is price action.
Is this going to work differently on a four hour than maybe a one minute? Of course, you have to understand that. But I want you to approach price action with the perspective that all you're doing is identifying market structure and market structure is relevant across all timeframes. That's why it's important to align yourself whenever you're taking maybe a swing trade. You want to make sure all the timeframes have shifted bearish.
How can you do that? Well, you can see when a 15-minute shifting bearish by using the four-hour. You can see when the 15-minute shifting bearish by using the internal structure in the 15-minute.
So we said, can I explain inside bars? All it is, is a bar that did not break the previous candles high or low. So it's inside that candle. What is an inside bar in a low timeframe? It's going to be a trading range. This was a whole range. Why? Because you're ranging between a high and a low. So for instance, if you see a violent expansion right after an inside bar, you could say that that was the range that we, you know,
really push down from, for instance, up here. You know, instead of using both this, like a lot of people say the last up candle and the inside bar, it doesn't matter what color candle it is. That's why it's good to have them a different color. I have them white with this indicator because this doesn't matter if this is a down or up candle. It doesn't matter. What matters is that when you are looking at a new introduction of supply or demand, you have to have a range. Now, whether that's on a one minute, 15 second.
whatever, you have to have a range because there has to be an equilibrium that price pushes away from. That is how you create an inefficiency between supply and demand. That is why price is delivered at different prices. So in order to have an inefficiency, price must first find equilibrium. So that's why you see whenever you go on a lot of high timeframe ranges, let's go back, let's think back here.
You know, where did price really start to expand from? It's usually around equilibrium. Now, you can go on a 15-minute. For those of you I've worked with, you guys know this. We've gone over equilibrium in depth. But equilibrium, aka the 0.5 fib, is just a fair market value for the range that you are trading within.
That's the fair market value. We won't get into premium and discount right now, but the important takeaway I want you to have from this is that there had to be on some range, there had to be a fair market value established in order for there to be an inefficiency between supply and demand. So whenever you're looking at new supply or new demand introduction, you want to look at ranges. So if you see an inside bar.
oftentimes that's where you know you're going to be able to find that refined zone now if you want you can go crazy with it yeah i don't necessarily always recommend this because you know you may not get the right zone but you look here you know where did the selling really start that hasn't been tapped into it's easy it's right there very easy hit three inside bars now if we could go on 15 seconds you could really but you can see the price really once it hits into this actually it's up here it looks like that was this candle right here
See, that's why, you know, going on the one minute, it's, you know, you can maybe call, I would have said this one, but, you know, you can maybe refine it. But that's why the inside bars are really good because you can actually just mark the whole bar. And now you've got your range where that inefficiency was created. So that's one big takeaway that I want you guys to have is you can use internal structure when paired with other confluences.
to develop a trade idea. Now, does every single change of character matter? Absolutely not. It's more or less, you have to pair it with maybe you're above an old high, you've swept liquidity. Maybe you're in a POI. Maybe you've done both.
That'd be the most ideal situation. So to answer that question on inside bars, I hope that made sense. And then also for Crosley, it works the same on high timeframes. Just understand anything that you learn is going to work on all timeframes. Now, of course, the higher timeframes are going to have more relevance and more power, but...
A break of structure is a break of structure. A change of character is a change of character. Now, you don't want to use solely a 15-minute change of character to say we're bullish on a four-hour, obviously, right? But you can use them to maybe say we're starting to pull back, to give you confidence to enter a trade, this and that. But you want to make sure that you're doing analysis across all timeframes. Also, Timmy, the end...
The inside bar indicator, if you just type in inside bar, it's the one by, it has like ABD as the beginning. That's the one I used, inside bar V2. I don't know why anyone would want that one. Yeah, I think it's best to use that one because it makes inside bars their own color. It kind of will drown out you wondering if it's a down or up candle. I'm actually, let's see what this one was.
See, it was a down candle. Those of you who use order block theory in itself, you may have even used this candle. Order blocks are great, but using them without developing an understanding of what you're looking at can be more detrimental to your trading than good because whenever you're using a tool, you need to understand what it's doing and why it's doing it in order to get the full potential out of it.
So for general outlook right now, do I see us pumping back up here? Honestly, with NFP tomorrow, how it's set to go, how the dollar looks, I could see that. That's why I don't want you to rush crazy into shorts. You know where we're at? You have to take into account everything that's going on. You don't want to just be, you know, all one way or the other. Just because we're bearish in the high timeframes doesn't mean we're going to short from anywhere in this range. Remember.
you know especially where we're at now let's see if we're in a discount or not now it's not yet
but even when we're bearish in the high timeframes, does that mean we're just going to short as soon as price comes up here? Well, I'm not, maybe you do. I don't recommend that. You want to wait for that confirmation because like I said before, you have to see things from both perspectives. Like, am I bearish because of, you know, logic with price action and market structure? Yes. But do I also take into account, you know, the opposing narrative? Like you have to look at it like that. Now you can't trade off that. Like I say, okay, well, you know, we've,
swept a ton of liquidity we've swept out everything down here all these lows ethereum swept its lows you know maybe this is accumulation this is phase b you know maybe maybe maybe but i'm not going to go off maybe until it's confirmed you also have to look at it from the daily range so on the daily range you know the um swing structure is much different now you could look at it like here is your high and here is your low
Because I don't, I mean, this is questionable for me. So you could say that, you know, here is your high pullback, then your low. I see that. I mean, that's a pretty decent size pullback. Let's see.
You've got like a 10% pullback. You can also go back and see, you know, what are these pullbacks usually on Bitcoin? So for instance here, when you saw this was your new high, this was your low. What did price do? It came up here, broke that high, pullback. And let's just see how high, how much was this pullback? Okay, it's around 10%. You know, you could say that, you know, these pullbacks oftentimes
are going to be around that same percentage so you could possibly draw this as a pullback so if we if we use this swing structure right here and also if you look another way that i i like to do it for extra confluence when you're using the high time frames is look how supply newly introduced supply was um reacted to was it respected here like did this look like a pullback bam made that lower high reacted violently so to me
I'm looking at this right here as the daily range. So when you look at the daily range, you could say, okay, well, we are in a discount. At some point, price should come back up into this premium when we're looking at the daily range. Maybe where to? Maybe optimal trade entry. Maybe this newly introduced supply somewhere up in this candle. If we break above this high and get a closure, that's where I'm looking for price to go, around 37 to 40K.
But do I think that will happen? I can't make myself think that until we close a four-hour candle above this. And that's whenever the high time frame that I use is bullish. And it's that simple.
If you long from here and you have that high time frame target, you think we're going up here, that's all up to you. But the way I see it, I cannot make myself bullish until the high time frame that I use to trade with and I use to base my bias off of switches. So that's kind of where I'm at with it right now. If anything, I'm looking for a price to return up to here, maybe with NFPs tomorrow, especially if the dollar just absolutely dies.
And then we might look to position ourselves short, but it's all a reaction game. It's not prediction. That's why I hate when people are like, what is Bitcoin going to be at the end of the year? It's like, you don't know. You know, you, you know, it's, oh, when will Bitcoin go to all time high? Are we going all time high this year? You know, you can speculate and say, well, like, no, I don't think so because the economy is shit. And what would you say? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, shit, like, like that would make more sense because it's like, but I still don't even know that. Like, I just know where, you know.
Yeah, bro, it doubles it. I saw a meme last night that said it doubles. Oh, what's up, Scorpion? Oh, I agree. I agree. Yeah, it's like, you know, yeah, no, I was talking about that. That's, yeah, it's the lowest increase in payroll since the entire pandemic. Jesus. Yeah, right. Amazon's, yeah. Hell yeah.
Shit is crazy how ugly this shit is, bro. Like, fuck. Yeah, Netflix and Amazon look like shit coins. Where's Netflix? NF, yeah. They look like shit coins, bro. This one right here is CI. Luna. It's Luna, bro. Not as bad. What was this company? They used to. What did that HBRM shit ever do that everyone used to trade?
Holy shit. HBRM got fucking annihilated, bro. It looks like Luna's chart. It's like ICP. ICP's another one like that. Holy shit. It's $9. Look at these fibs. JMIA? Sheesh. Euro, dollar. And so sus, bro. Yeah, I can see it for sure. Yeah. I'd look in this candle more than that.
It's weird because, well, I'm just interested to see how the NFPs tomorrow affect this because it's like both economies are fucked. Euro is probably more fucked, right? I'm pretty sure their inflation is like fucking, it's like insane. It's like not even real. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think so. Jesus Christ. Got you. Oh, shit. My shit's way back. I was like, where is it? Okay.
Yeah, that's like .com and 08. Yeah, that's another thing too. Like, yeah.
Yeah, I hate to compare the two things because here's the way that I look at it too. Like, okay, we had the dot-com crash, right? Now, everybody loves crypto. I love crypto. I really do. I think that a lot of it's still total bullshit. But I think a lot of it is going to really change a lot of things. I mean, it already has. I think that there's a valid use case for Ethereum. I mean, don't get me wrong. A lot of these coins are straight Ponzi bullshit, 100%.
I do believe that it is going to be around. Crypto is not just gone. It could go to whatever price. I don't think that Bitcoin is just gone. I don't. I don't think that that's going to happen. But let's look at the internet when the internet came out. Now, a lot of people compare crypto with the internet, right? Like the amount of innovation. Now, obviously, the internet was...
Probably not probably definitely more impactful. But we look at it like, you know, did the Internet rise to a point where everybody was euphoric? Everybody was insanely bullish. Everything was crazy. It's a new time, a crazy time to be alive. Really much crazier than crypto, in my opinion. You saw that and then you saw that huge blow off top where she had to find its true intrinsic value. Tons of companies were just worthless now. And the ones that weren't are some of the biggest companies in the world today. So when we look at crypto.
What happened with 2020? And really all of stocks, we had this euphoric, insane rush up. Companies are adopting it. Tesla's buying Bitcoin. You got Michael Saylor, who's like bet his whole fucking company on Bitcoin. You've got all this crazy euphoria for this new industry that's very innovative and is going to disrupt a lot of other businesses, also like the internet. But everything has to have its fall to its intrinsic value.
So, you know, who knows? Maybe this was it. I don't know. Maybe this was that, but I don't know. Looking at the weekly chart on Bitcoin, I think we have a lot of room we could run down. You know, I think with the general state of the economy, you know, that's also an accessory to that bias of a bearish narrative on Bitcoin. We have market structure. You know, now, again, all that can change in the weekly chart, you know, really looking at the weekly.
And I know JL has looked at this as well. If you look at this, like if I'm not looking at a weekly, if I'm just like somebody just has, I'm just looking at just this. I don't know what chart it is. I don't know what timeframe. I'm going to tell you like, okay, this looks like distribution. You know, once price comes back up in this zone up here, you know, I'd be looking to short. This is the crypto market. I know it's not Bitcoin, but let's, let's do this on Bitcoin just to, I'm looking at this like, okay, when price comes up in this zone, you know, I'm looking to short somewhere in here.
you know, maybe even the whole zone, whatever, I'm going to weekly. But, you know, if I didn't know, I'm just looking, I'm like, okay, once we're in here, we're in that supply zone, you know, you'd look to short and take out the lows. But, you know, that would mean the price is going to retrace a little bit. So that's why I can see like, you know, the bullish narrative here, like people are trying to, you know, the Wyckoff perspective. But here's the only thing that I personally, the reason I don't really use Wyckoff or, you know, because it's,
You can't really confirm it. Now, there are people that are very good at it and that are right a lot of the time, but for me personally, I want to mess with very strict, specific, machine-learnable strategies. For instance, to me, it's very simple. Lower lows, lower highs, bearish.
You know, I'm not looking at like, I see, oh, this could be just a draw liquidity to exhaust retail. You know, I get it. We have to hop across the creek. I get it. You know what I'm saying? But until that's confirmed, I'm not going to trade off of it. Would I love that to happen? Hell yeah. I'd love for crypto to come up and maybe be able to sell some of my fucking dying equity. That'd be awesome. But as a trader, I look at it for what it is right now. And I'm not going to predict. I'm going to react once things happen.
So that's really it on my sentiment. I mean, it's probably not much of a surprise to most of you. But that being said, though, I think that depending on this NFP tomorrow, I think we might see a little bit of a pump. And that would also go with the objective of getting back up into these supply zones. But I wouldn't recommend trading like crazy during the NFP, especially if you're trading Forex and most of you guys are trading crypto. But just let it play out.
Be mindful of the events that can affect whatever market it is that you're trading. I haven't even looked at the YouTube comments. Okay, there's no money. He said they're hiring new McDonald's. Did you see that video of that Popeyes manager that freaking duffed his employee for trying to go home? I just saw that literally before I got on stream. It was all over social media. He knocked out this person. They're like a 16-year-old that worked for him. It's like, bro. Yeah. Popeyes.
I actually look at a couple coins on this watch list I had. Yeah, TRX. I want to watch once we come up to this area. So I have alerts out there. Did you ever take those GMT longs, Algo? I took them. Ah, that sucks. I took them, but I was super, like, I'm glad, too. I was, like, so, like, just speculative. I was, like, not a skeptical, not speculative. But I was, like, it came down here. We came in that POI that we had.
And this was the most aggressive. So look, we formed, became that POI. And then right here, for me, this was our internal break of structure. So we had high, high, high pullback. This was the high because it made a new low. You broke that. Now, where was your supply that sent you back into this zone? Price came up here. This candle came back down and then broke. So for me at that point, obviously you could have waited. It would have been like...
fucking you know tiny difference this is like i mean i guess i shouldn't say anything's a tiny difference you know whatever but i just entered but i was like i'm not using the 15 minute targets because the 15 minutes bearish as fuck but i literally i thought i sniped it too i took it right here i was like oh hell yeah it's a snipe but then it started to run and now i'm just now looking at it definitely tank so that's good i was kind of like holy shit fuck i just fucking paper handed that shit it's funny how fucking you know
price action is price action like this is literally a coin people get paid to fucking run with nft their shoes they bought with an nft and smc still works on it like what the fuck um johnny you said bitcoin equal lows um so we've got which one are they actually equal so this is what is that 29 301
It cleared them. So theoretically, you cleared that liquidity, you swept it. If this is what you're talking about, but you can still view them as relatively equal. Those maybe it didn't on all feeds. I mean, theoretically, the liquidity has been swept, but I still look at that as, you know, if I'm shorting from up here, I'm definitely trimming heavily right there. Personally, you know, that would be like the first target, really. But, you know.
When you're looking at equal lows, you're looking at areas of liquidity. So there's the argument, okay, well, we swept it. There's no more liquidity there. But I also look at it like tons of retail stop losses are right here. They're like, this is the bottom. This is support. Everybody's like, this is our support zone now. That's what retail is doing. So I still view it as a pretty clear area of liquidity. But you also have more equal lows. I think it was down in here. I know these are pretty right next to you. You have more equal lows there, fair value gaps. I think this is not going to be like...
you know the bottom i think that this is just where we came down we tagged enough fuel in order to go back up to mitigate like if you're saying if you trim and you instead of just holding the entire way well yeah of course i mean if you just hold your prop with a full tp but um you know
Now, if you're trading with the trend, like, for instance, if you're trading with the four-hour trend and you enter all the way up here, I mean, you can hold it all the way down here if you want. That's up to you. But, like, you know, if you get a really good stop loss, like, you know, we're getting, like, percent to half percent stop losses. We'll just say 1%. I mean, like, it's 15. It's nothing absolutely insane to just hold through, I guess. But for me, you know, if I don't trim.
At targets, I'm definitely taking some off to de-risk myself at like 4R, 3R, somewhere around there. That's just my policy. Everybody's doing that. Your trade management's totally up to you, but that's what you would target would be here.
You know, now you could take profits at weak lows along the way. In my experience, taking parcels on swing trades is good. And if you're trading like scalps, you know, sometimes it's better to hold till full profit if you're trading with the trend. Now, if you're trading against the trend, you always take profits and parcels there. I do.
But your logic is correct, like idealistically, yes, you hold the entire way and get the most profit here. But what happens to a lot of people is they get in the trade here, and this is what happens to them. So price will go, they'll get in the trade, price goes down, it hits the target, and then it does this.
They're like, oh my God, fuck. And they take profits when in reality, all price was doing was what it does best. It's just following order flow. It was just coming up. Because if you enter at the right area, there's going to be new supply introduced at your entry or right after it. So price is going to come back to break even a lot of times. People don't trim here. It comes up, they're like, fuck, fuck, I should have taken it. And then what happens? Then price goes all the way down here. So you just got to know yourself as a trader.
I like to take profits along the way on swing trades. Like if I'm trading a whole four-hour range, you know, I'm not going to trim all my profits early, but I'll take like 30% at 3R or 25% at 4R, you know, then clear at the most very equal target, like might be right here, here, one of these lows. And then, yeah, hold the rest to the end. You know, that's how I would attack that.
Yeah, there's a balance. There's a healthy balance. So are we looking for shorts over longs right now? I mean, I'm in longs personally right now. I guess it's just a runner, and then I'm guessing ETH hit the target. So I'm not in ETH if it did.
Did I hit it? That's not yet. I mean, I took these longs, but for instance, I'm not looking for shorts where we're at. Personally, I want us to come up. Maybe I see a reaction here. Maybe I see these highs get swept and this 15-minute supply is strong. Maybe it's up here.
You know, I'm looking at all these POIs because, you know, the way I look at it, we're in a bearish trend. You know, do we have to necessarily, is it required that Bitcoin comes up to this top level? Absolutely fucking not. You know, for any of you who've been trading Bitcoin for a while, you know that that's not always a thing. But, idealistically, I wanted to come in a premium. But that's also not required, you know, especially whenever you have these relatively equal lows here.
than this low that didn't clear them. You know, I can say, you know, once price comes up here, we're bearish on all timeframes. You know, I can look for it to go short to this liquidity target. But, you know, that's, you know, all depending on the person. But I'd be looking for shorts, you know, at every different supply zone. I'm not just going to take them, you know, but you can watch for shorts. But yeah, so that's kind of where I'm at with everything. I think NFPs could definitely give us a pump tomorrow.
But yeah, so I guess that kind of wraps it up. If you guys have any questions or want me to go over anything, then just ask me now. Forever hold your peace until tomorrow at least. Forever hold your peace. I know that's the thing is like people, I feel like, yeah, I said non-fundable payment.
yeah no i agree i think it's moving more and more and more towards it but it's like like honestly it's like once you you know get acclimated with these concepts and then you start looking at like euro dollar or spy you'll like have you'll be like fuck this shit like crypto is fun to trade though like i love creating creating crypto it's really volatile and but like in all honesty you know people talk shit like oh forex is hard to trade it's like well i mean yeah if you don't know you know
these kind of concepts but it's so yeah exactly it's like easy bro it's like like what you want to see like bitcoin is like bitcoin is probably one of the harder assets to trade in my opinion especially using low time frames because it's so choppy and somebody ask a question so casper can keep streaming same well i have a tiny runner hell yeah you know i have a tiny little runner
Fuck yes. Define. Hell yeah. Actually, I'm going to grab my iPad real quick to see what I'm up on. Fuck yes. Full TP. Little baby runner is running on Bitcoin, so that's always nice.
Yeah. Me and hood both fucking sweet. Cause I saw a hood and another thing. And he was like, I saw him had the same entries I did. I was like, I know he did the same thing, but it was using that one minute internal and it was like super risky, but I was like, okay, we just swept this liquidity. We hit this also hit into the sweep zone. You know, and I started to see price reverse in the one minute. And I was like, I just kind of took it. I wish I'd have taken a higher target, but I mean,
I just targeted, I looked at this M15 supply and I refined it down to one minute to where I saw the clearest area of supply with inefficiency. I just targeted it. I was like, fuck it. I took like everything almost there. Oh, yeah, take it on that shit. So like, how are the spread? Because you can't even really trade the low timeframes of Bitcoin on those prop firms, can you? Like under M15. Or even, well, even just like, because I remember when I used to, oh, that's fucking, yeah, prosperity for just Bitcoin is fire.
That's the only thing I've ever really used MT4 extensively was Prosperity. And that shit was so nice. It's like, bro, you literally... You just can't trade the M1 and shit, but you can trade the M15 with that. Well, sometimes you can, sometimes you can't. But that's one thing about crypto and using MT4. The way I trade now, I wouldn't even be able to do it. Literally wouldn't even be able to do it. Left. Sheesh.
probably like 64 000 if i had to guess you know bitcoin always doubles every year so i mean like we could we could go up or we could go down so you know could be anywhere between like zero and like 100 000 but you know that's just based off some you know different kind of analysis you know what i mean yeah if we get a closure right here i'd say the m15 is bullish which we're most likely going to like above this
I guess really I called myself, I'm going to start mapping 15 minute structure with just Wix on crypto because I've gotten faked out waiting for closes more than it helps. Closed on the four hour, but 15 minutes. I'd say now you have that first confirmation, which you're going against the high timeframe trends to really confirm you'd need to make a new higher low and higher high. But at that point, you're going to be up in the sell zone.
You know, one could maybe look for longs tomorrow. But another thing I want to start doing too, which I'll probably end up streaming at some point, but I know a lot of people won't even catch it. But really backtesting Bitcoin on ETH, like trading the New York Killzone, like 7 to like 8.30 really. It's technically 7 to 9. But with crypto, I haven't done a shitload of backtesting, but a good like two hours worth on ETH all the way back to like mid-2021.
did you literally see this very similar model like three to five days or three out of five days of the week like the trading week monday through friday between 7 and 8 30. you'll see price come to a m15 supplier demand one minute confirmation and then it's like it moves because like that's when all the volume's at because a lot of people don't like i feel like a lot of the forex gurus or whatever they try to make like sessions like super complicated but it's like okay i think like this
Tokyo, you're going to consolidate. London, you're going to see expansion. In New York, you're going to see a retracement and then a possible another. It's pretty simple, but, you know, really all it is is the kill zones. You're going to see that the stop raids occur during that time and then heavy volatility. So it's like you're going to be able to get into trades at those pivot points and also trades that if you execute them right, kind of just take off. You don't have to really worry about it. And you can, you know, like, for instance.
Like this morning, I think Flo hit a similar trade. But here actually, you could almost look for shorts, but I'm not going to trade right now. I already hit my goal, so I'll watch out, see how it plays out though. That's another thing I recommend you guys do. Don't only back test, but forward test. Like this right here, I'm going to watch it. We're in the M15 supply. Okay, here's your pretty clear low.
It's like you could break that, do that same thing we're talking about before you break it, reintroduce demand, come back up to the newly introduced supply and see if it can overtake the demand, play that supply, second supply. I'm not going to play this for main reason right now. It's pretty like a dead zone. You don't want to enter trades here because what happens a lot of times, depending on your perspective, but a lot of times Tokyo will range and then the lows or the highs are going to get cleared and you really don't know which one.
You can have a bias, but I don't want to enter an M1 execution during that time. So you got that internal market structure break. We'll see where demand's introduced. Comes back up probably into this. You could use the whole range.
Personally, I'll look at the inside bar because I'm forward testing because, you know, maybe if I was trading, I might be a little more aggressive because I've been just trading the last candle or even the whole range sometimes, you know, once we if we can push up into it. But let's see, being patient a lot of times will get you that better entry. And, you know, when you're trading the lower time frames, you know, entering here.
With this stop-loss and this, that's triple the amount of money you're going to make. We have 0.3% stop-loss compared to, actually, no, I should say twice as much money because you're going to have twice as big of a position size while risking the same amount.
Yeah, I'll see how this plays out. I'm gonna hop off here. I'll look later if you guys gonna want to go watch Specifically I'd be looking for basically I was going over earlier You'd want to see somewhere find a bottom create that new demand come here and then break that demand and you would look for price to Come up and react off that newly introduced supply But I would recommend just forward test it don't trade it, you know, I'm just just kind of sit and chill and watch
But anyways, guys, as always, I appreciate you all. I'll be on here tomorrow around five. I might even hop on during the day. I'm not sure. But yeah, until then, I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.
