What's up, what's up? I'll give everybody a couple minutes to get in here. For those that are watching this in the future, it was a live stream, so you might want to fast forward about five minutes. I always forget I turned my volume off to hear when people joined the Discord stream because I couldn't stand it. But now I'm like, I forget. I'm like, damn, where's everybody at? And then I look and people have joined. I took a little trade this morning on Bitcoin.
It was honestly too quick to signal, but I guess theoretically I could have signaled it. But the risk to reward, I try to keep it at a three because I know a lot of people that are taking these signals, they're not really sizing positions consistently or over-leveraging themselves. So I try to keep the trades that we signal down. I don't always signal everything I take. Here, I'll show you guys in case. There's probably those people that are like, oh, yeah, he's bullshitting.
There's that. That was just off of a liquidity raid. Let's just go over that. This is something that I've been... We've talked about liquidity raids and I've traded with them.
in the past, but they're really starting to grow on me. And I'm starting to lean towards only trading with them because they do have a lower risk to reward than waiting for structural confirmation of a four-hour zone. And I'll play those trades too. But as far as from an intraday perspective, I like the consistency of them. And if you pair...
The liquidity rate with price moving into a fair value gap, it's very, very consistent. And I will say structural entries are consistent for sure, but there's a reason. It's kind of a trade-off. We have a higher risk or reward on those structural confirmations, but that kind of evens out because it seems, in my experience, that they are a little less consistent, these liquidity rates.
Now, the key with these liquidity rates is to be very aggressive with your profit-taking. We can use the lower timeframes for execution. We need to use them for exit as well. It's not like maybe a four-hour zone that we use the zone to confirm our entry. It comes down to it, and then we target the weak high up here.
You know, you just hold all the way through that. I wouldn't really do that as much. You know, if we're going to use a lower time frame for an execution, we'll use it for an exit too. And oftentimes it provides two to three R. That's what I'm seeing with Bitcoin at least, which isn't the craziest. But if you're really consistent with two to three R, you can make a lot of money trading that. But the overall bias.
is bullish, right? So it's counterintuitive to that. But the way I looked at it is we have this really clean high right here. And as I got to my desk this morning, I saw that we had breached that high. Also on a one hour, we've got a fair value gap above that right there.
So whenever we have a liquidity pool in the form of a clean high and then a fair value gap, to me, that's a POI, if you will. It's a little different than just the supply candle up here. But that's an area where a lot of buy stops are resting and potential institutional sell orders remain. So for me, even if we are bullish, it's going to...
oftentimes provide a small selling opportunity. And, you know, that's, so it is, you know, it's against the trend, so to speak. We're looking at a four hour and going by the swing structure. But, you know, if we are just looking at it for what it is, you know, an area where stops are, an imbalance, you know, that results in a break of structure, the downside.
So once we checked that off, then I was like, okay, that happened, I don't know what time, 8 a.m., and I went to a five-minute, and I looked at the five-minute, and I see, okay, well, what happened after that? Well, we took out a short-term low with displacement.
So I actually came to this like almost perfect timing. It was like right here. And price was up inside this imbalance, right? Liquidity had been engineered in the form of all these, everybody that wanted to get, they saw this and all the, you know, impulsive traders, they just sold, sold, sold, sold, right? Oh, this is the top because everybody wants a market crash, right? Everybody wants Bitcoin to crash.
You know, that's how it goes. It's the opposite of what's actually going on. Everybody wanted Bitcoin to pump at 30K and now everyone wants to crash at 24. So, you know, everybody's just impulsively getting in short there. Price comes up, takes them out and comes into this imbalance above those highs. Just like, remember what we're basing this off of. That's a great example of price being fractal is we have a framework on a higher time frame and then we zoom in.
to see that same framework on a lower time frame for instance you know if we just take this um zone right here and let's just do this so you can get a better visual go to a 15 minute and i'll do this actually let me get rid of this little line probably should have got rid of this i'll do that later this actually would be a good example um so what we're looking for when this happens
is price to remain... What the hell is this up here? Oh, it's my picture. We're looking for price to remain fractal. So we want to see, you know, if we're using an occurrence on a higher time frame in order to justify us to look for a trade to confirm that bias, we're going to see the same thing happen on a lower time frame, which is what we saw here. Whenever we see... Oops, I thought both of them were selected. Make this a little bigger.
Whenever we see a break of structure, the downside with displacement, liquidity engineered with fair value gap. So then once price does that, we look at this again. It's just like supply and demand confirmations. We see the same occurrence on the one minute. So if we have the one minute now.
Now we're inside that five-minute fair value gap, which is this. What do we see? A break to the downside with displacement. Now, I should have waited for right here. It would have been much nicer to have been a 4R trade. That was a mistake on my end. But to me, I've been taking these with 2R, and I just target the next area of liquidity on a low time frame. This right here is where most people run into the error when they're trading this because they look at this.
They're like, oh, dude, we're coming down and they're going to use, we're coming down to a discount of this impulse swing, which you very well could, right? You definitely could. But, you know, I think that, you know, me, I'm happy with two to three R, you know, if I have a strategy that, you know, has a high win rate, you know, I'm, I'm, you know, totally happy to just target the next area of liquidity. Right. And let me just show you.
A lot of people are like, oh, I know he didn't take it there. Because I get messages all the time, people asking me like, where are you actually taking so-and-so trade? If I tell people I'm taking the trade, and look, this is a closed trade. It has the time on it and everything. Now, for those of you who know MT4, you know that. But if this were an open trade, it would just have a number. It wouldn't have this right here.
So I don't want to go over that with you guys. I'll start signaling these or doing my best to signal them a little quicker. And, you know, if everybody wants to play, I just, you know, follow the strategy or get, you know, forever hold your peace. And here's the thing. The key to trading this strategy is you have to, you know, not be all sad. Like, let's just say price just continued to just.
fall right came and took it all the lows all you know i'm not gonna sit here and you know bitch and moan over it it's it's it is what it is right you know we're not trying to hit 50 our day and and everybody you know it looks shiny and people love to flex it but like you know um most people that are actually making money are not hitting 25 r a day right they're hitting you know making small
As far as day trading goes, they're taking their money out of the market in small chunks and compounding those chunks. Now, there's also a setup on NOS that was similar like this this morning.
rate it up here. If you go to stock chat, I said that I was going to look for sales above highs with low timeframe shifts. So we rated the buy side. And a lot of people too, they want to look for every high. They're going to say like, okay, buy side rate, right? Get stopped out. Buy side rate, get stopped out. Whenever we're looking at intraday liquidity, where are the real stops residing? Here.
That's where everybody that's that's the retail breakout level is the high So, you know, we came above that high This is a little different than the Bitcoin one because we're kind of out here in like La La Land and the draw on liquidity
I believe is this, these equal highs at this point, today's close is going to be kind of a decisional factor in that we, we could, who knows, even hit it today. I don't know, but that, that's what seems, I need to take off some of these levels. It's not last week's, you know, now this day really is going to be the deciding factor where I think we're drawing to here or here. I'll go over that in a second, but we came above that high.
Right there break a structure with displacement came in the fair value gap reacted accordingly
So, you know, whenever you're targeting this kind of stuff, you know, I, there is a point where I wouldn't take, I'm not just going to take every single trade. You know what I mean? You don't want to take me personally. I think one R is not enough, but that was, that's what that would have been. Right. And I actually tweeted this the other day kind of jokingly, but when I'm really studying this, I was doing some back testing and it's almost like you're, you're trying to be the damn algorithm when you trade like that.
Not the 1R, but just these liquidity rates on the lower timeframes.
They're more consistent. I really have found that. But I found that they're only more consistent. My problem with them before that I didn't really like was that oftentimes those target, the liquidity objectives, the first liquidity objective is not far away. Like I said, if I can get two to three R, I'll be fine. But I did want to just give those examples as something to study.
Even if you're not taking the trade or whatever if you're interested in trying to to learn this strategy, but As of right now, so let's go over just our overall bias
Um, we put, I put this in the discord this morning, um, in stock chat that we were going to, that spice seems like it wants 420, right? Um, again, this daily close is really going to be important because, you know, if we push up and then start to fall, that'll tell me that, you know, the buy side was just being manipulated and we're seeking into these lows here. So overall at the moment, I need to delete a lot of this.
I didn't do my markups last night. I just figured we'd do them live. Really, as far as levels go, the only thing that I see that's been newly introduced that I like are these lows right here. All this sell-side liquidity. So there's some equal lows right there, along with the daily imbalance right here, the weekly. And I like to take the last week's body like this.
Draw a fib on it. What is that? Why can't I see that bring the front? 404 5.6
So really this level for me is a potential bounce level. If I'm in a trade, it's an area I would look to shave off some of that trade if it was moving in favor. If I'm going to shorten it's below me, I'm going to take some off that trade. Oh, wait, I just took the wrong indicator. There we go. So the previous week's EQ on this one, I mean, I could mark.
This candle right here. I'm still going to mark this level just because it hasn't been tapped. It's not the previous week's EQ. So it's a little unorthodox. I know some of you guys who already do this are probably like, why are you marking that candle? I'm still going to put previous week's EQ. For me, that's not going to confuse me. I don't want to write out a book about it. And the reason being, this week's already been kind of dug into.
I do like these lows if price does decide to turn around here, like if today we see a sell-off, or really if we see this candle close with a fat wick on top, or especially if we see a down close. Yeah, down close here, I'd be looking for these lows. I'd frame trades around that.
I would not be surprised to see that. That would be kind of what I guess if I had to take a guess, which I'm not going to trade off of guesses. But the reason for that is we have absorbed a shitload of buy-side liquidity recently. We were also into this daily order block here. We rebalanced the daily right here and the weekly. I'm going to take these off because it's cluttering the chart. But we filled a lot of imbalances. Price has definitely been rallying.
A lot of volatile news this week. Overall, bias is still up. I think that even if we come down into this imbalance, I would still be looking for this high to get taken.
So with SPY, as of right now, I'm leaning a little bit more towards the sell narrative, not for this entire week, but until we get to these lows. But it just really depends on today's close. I like waiting for the Monday price action. The market will show its hand. Also, we have a lot of news this week. So that's for ES or SPX, SPY, whatever you're going to call it.
So the NASDAQ, I'm going to mark out. You know, this chart's a little...
it's starting to get so extended and it's it's moving efficiently though i will say that like for instance we moved up came back down into that imbalance i'm going to delete this just because i don't like having too much stuff i'm also going to delete the daily order block line because we know we're in a daily order block now here you know we're gravitating up towards these highs i just picked the lowest one that's kind of just a um a strategy of mine is to you know
I don't want to go for the highest high. If I'm looking at a bunch of highs, I'm going to pick the lowest one. But in this example, we're moving efficiently as far as this imbalance goes.
You know, I mean, price, if we, again, today's going to really have to give us more before I can say what I'm sure of. Well, I guess I shouldn't. You're never sure. But what I would lean towards, you know, just looking at it right now, I would probably lean towards coming back down into this imbalance. But I know we're so close to the equal highs, which is the draw on liquidity overall. I get it.
Again, just I'm taking ES into account. Really today, again, today's candle close is going to give us a lot more bias because, you know, on on all of these days to the upside. Right. Look at all the big days where these moves are starting where we saw, you know, until like in this example, you know, up until take a vertical line. So let's just say we're starting down here.
Up until this candle, the sell side was being seeked, right? So all of these traders were getting stopped out and price was moving down in order to obtain those sell stops. Now, after that, price started to go to the upside. What happened? We took out an old low, took out a low here again, and then price rallied. Now, where did price go? Up into this imbalance. Then after that, that was seeking the buy side all through here.
So then we saw price move to the downside. There was kind of a consolidation down here, and then price continued on its rally. I could go and mark lines on each move, and you might be looking at like, oh, okay, well, yeah, you're just marking a line every time price pivots. And you're right, but the point of what I'm trying to get across is that price is consistently bouncing between areas of liquidity.
It's rebalancing price and it's allowing the market makers in order to fulfill all the orders they need to fulfill or hunt the ones they need to accumulate or distribute their assets. So in this instance, I look at it like, okay, we filled this imbalance. That was on Friday, which is weird that that happened on a Friday. And on all of these big pushes to the upside, usually whenever we...
start to move one way or another we see a large wick opposing that price action and and you know what we look for intraday is we look for price to kind of do this and then we see a low taken before a rally so guess what this looks like on a daily candle looks like that the large wick to the downside which that large wick
is this move down. So if we get something opposite of that, for instance, like today, we have a large wick to the top and then a big move down, that would lead you to look for the sell side to be seeked. So again, it's like an awesome lower timeframe. Like we just went over, this high got rated, and that's where the sell stops were residing. Low timeframe break of structure displacement.
Price is now seeking the sell side now You know if somebody some for whatever reason just took a cell whenever we were talking about that Overall it looks what we feel we came into a discount and we filled this little imbalance here and tapped into this flip zone I don't know if I'd even consider that a flip zone, but more importantly we came down and filled that that little imbalance
But again, I'm probably leaning more towards the sell narrative up down into these imbalances here. Maybe this low would have some value. It is a swing low, so there's going to be some liquidity there. But if price gets down to that area, I would really like this imbalance to get filled.
What is Aussie dollar? Watch 15 minute for confirmation entry. Okay. Actually, I remember talking about this last week. So maybe this will probably be added to my week setup. Let's just go ahead and go over Aussie dollar. So again, just to review indices, I could see some downward action into these lows or this imbalance. But again, the way that today closes is really going to give us what we need to see or need to know.
If we close the day looking anything like this, $420 on SPY. That'd be the next target. And then $550 to $13,600 on NAS. Again, we're just going to wait. So Aussie dollar. Let's look at the daily. Daily. I'm going to delete this because that's already been mitigated. Saving these. I don't know why I've just been typing them.
You know, I haven't really been messing with Forex as much lately just because...
The daily charts haven't really been giving a very clear direction. They've kind of been just consolidating. Anytime you have a lot of stuff going on, like as far as like the world stage, you know, we've got all the China, Taiwan stuff, Europe's going through an energy crisis, the Ukraine war is going on. There's a lot of money being, not only being moved between currencies, but also there's just a ton of shit going on in the world as far as the, you know.
economies go so forex has kind of been a little bit um odd lately or not even really odd but to me just hasn't really been giving super super clear um day you know i guess daily bias for me the way i do it now i'm sure there's some of you guys who've been killing it right but i just go with what i know works for me and that's been within the season and honestly bitcoin's been fucking amazing lately
I was hating on Bitcoin there for a little bit, but right here.
I mean, again, we're going to wait for that, the lower timeframes to confirm. Again, looking at the daily, I mean, the only area that I see if we, you know, I see this imbalance down here and these lows would be, there's definitely a lot of stops under that. You've got this daily order block, but that's really already been, I mean, I guess you could argue that it hasn't been mitigated. I mean, it did get tapped. We moved pretty hard away from it. So I'm not going to pay it too much mind. But the bias behind this, we went over it last week on stream.
was got that four hour change of character, right? Inside of a four hour zone, that's institutional candle up here. Also, we did have a liquidation right here, which is nice because all of those early shorts, and this is something we went over in the private class, talking about POI selection. This is actually a really good example. You know, everybody that trades smart money, they start trading smart money. They get...
attached with the idea of trading every single four-hour POI. And, you know, they just look at it like, okay, you know, lower low, lower high, lower low. I'm shorting this order block.
Right. A lot of people do that. You know, it didn't give you a false confirmation, but a lot of times you'll get a false confirmation on those. But the key is understanding where the move really originated. So, you know, I've refined, I think it was this candle down to a one hour. These two candles right here. We also have a, like I just said, we had those lows or those highs get cleared. So we've had a liquidation. What I would be looking for here is.
You know, being really aggressive, one could look for a break of this low right here. For me, though, I kind of want to see this low get taken with displacement. And the reason for that is, yes, I get it. This is the internal low, but I also see this order block right here. And I want to see us take this with displacement and preferably get a closure. But really, just the amount of displacement is going to be the determining factor for me.
So after that, I would go to five minute and kind of just break it down again and wait for the same thing. I'm not going to rush anything here. I haven't traded Aussie dollar in a while. It's been pretty bullish overall. So, you know, I want to be patient with these cells because again, the daily is not really giving me a super clear direction. This is, you know, it's pushing up. It's just kind of bouncing around in this area right here. I think it's at a weekly.
No, it's not. Well, actually, yeah, it came close. Anytime you get to this, yeah, that's actually, that's it right there. I didn't realize. Yeah, if you get to the equilibrium of a weekly swing or a weekly impulse move, price is going to be super, super just buggy almost. And it's going to be...
frustrating for those that are just trading this asset. This is why I always tell you guys, like, figure out, you know, what's hitting, right? Like, don't get stuck on one thing. You know, there's so many people who've like only traded crypto for the entirety of this year. And you've missed out on, you know, really, really great opportunities trading indices. And, you know, I'm all about work smarter, not harder. I don't want to go in a market.
where it's harder to for me to tell my directional bias i'd rather go somewhere where it's clear but um so the daily is kind of weird four hour here camp into this area so i'm i mean this would be more of a supply and demand play so i'm going to go through all the time frames i'm not going to rush anything but i am going to set alerts for this um keep you guys updated on that i'll go ahead and post this to twitter too at least the ta
If you guys have any coins you want to go over, I can give you a weekly outlook, but I will do crypto next if not. One second, I'll go ahead and start doing crypto. So yeah, just let that be. I have alerts set for this low. So let's go ahead and do Bitcoin. Oh, what the fuck? I forgot I had that screenshot. I was like, what is this?
I was like, I know that's not the daily price action. So again, last week's bias, I mean, we literally hit it to a T. We said the draw on liquidity was this imbalance here. Price reacted super strong off it. I will say I did say that price was going to go into the imbalance. Obviously, we never know where the orders lie. So I didn't know where. We just wait for the break of structure with displacement, which it was that.
happened immediately here so overall this price action right here this is bullish as in my opinion now bullish up until you know whatever liquidity objective that the market makers wish to push price from or price to you know we were taking out those lows got the break of structure with displacement moved into the supply candle and then off to the races so a lot of times we'll get those moves on the weekends get that weekend pump
where everything's just like mayhem. I take trading completely off on the weekends. I spend enough time doing it on the week. So I didn't really, the last thing we got, and we called this live for any of you guys, everybody in the discord already knows, but we called this trade live on stream for free for anybody that has been a returning viewer. I'm sure you got to capitalize off that. But here on the one hour chart, I could see.
This turn to like a buy to sell range and the reason for that is You know, we have this really clean high right here Right that whenever that happens and this actually formed during a class we call this liquidity rate, too But it was during it one of our private classes I think it was a Saturday But whenever we have a clean high like that and then you have this right here
Got that candle before a big displacement. That lurking above, that's going to be a decisional point. And I mean, I guess it's kind of obvious that it's decisional because it's right here at the high. But I see Bitcoin potentially having some trouble there because the reason this is valuable to me is, first of all, there was a liquidation that occurred here.
Right. Everybody that, you know, and before that, all the people that shorted whenever Tesla announced they sold Bitcoin, that was this right here. Everybody that sold and got short all through here. I mean, I'm sure people made money. Right. But a lot of people just were looking to short every single one of these dips. They're FOMOing in. Right. Building up that liquidity. So all that got taken.
So this is definitely a manipulated move. Also, it was pushing into a four-hour imbalance that we've talked about for a long time.
that every time you have a high front run, a POI or low, whatever, you know, depends what kind of POI you're looking at. You oftentimes, you know, we don't know how long it's going to take, but oftentimes it's going to get ran. So we saw it get ran, right? Price moved in at four hour imbalance and moved pretty rough away from it. Now that was expected. And the overall structure here is bullish to me, right? Like we have, this is our swing low, swing high.
But I will say, you know, it would be very nice if we just push to the upside. That would be awesome. But Bitcoin likes to be pretty complex at times. Now, the last couple, like this little swing right here, this was easy money, right? We caught this entire move right here.
The the nature of this price action to me I could see you know a little bit more of a buy-to-sell scenario But really what I'm waiting for and let's look at the daily again I'm waiting for is to see how we react to that candle especially if we hit it during today's daily candle That'll give me really everything I didn't know but looking at just you know the daily chart alone I'm gonna do it this daily order block thing
You know, it seems like price is seeking out this high. And again, like we said, let me find this one second. So copy this. I'll just do like this. This is last week's daily outlook, right? That was the beginning of last week. We said we're looking for a price to trade into the daily order block and the fair value gap before moving towards our weekly draw on liquidity.
and price did exactly that it traded in so now you know we've got the liquidity built up above these highs um and this overall drawn liquidity on the weekly is still in this area now indices are going to have in my opinion a big um a big i guess role and and how this plays out because like i said let's just say price comes up into this zone right here
And then we get a sharp reaction from it. Well, that would be probably a redistribution scenario if that happens. Now, I'm not speculating that that will happen. I'm not going to sit here and set a cell limit right there. But I am going to set alerts for that candle. And definitely, where's my alert button? I think I did a brush thing there. That's why I didn't have an alert.
I'm not married to the idea of that falling right there, but I could see a potential move to the downside. And that would be ideal in my opinion. That would be better than us just flying from here. Maybe I'm being biased because I don't have any open longs. But if we do see that scenario, we could look for price to fall back down into this imbalance potentially because...
like looking at a daily chart if let's just say during and the reason i'm saying during this daily candle is this again for the reason that we were saying you know look look whenever price is moving down like last week
This is why I tell everybody, don't just sell and hold till this. When I give you these outlooks and these daily biases, you don't just open a position and hold it there because look what happens. Massive wicks to the upside, cleaning out people with that exact thought process. Whenever you start to see, if we're moving up, you usually see a wick to the downside, push up, wick to the downside, push up. What that is is intraday liquidity rates. Again, it's just whenever you come to the desk in the morning and price does this.
and everybody goes short, and then the day ends up rallying, it looks like this on a daily chart. Or whenever you have the opposite scenario, it looks like this. So if we see price push up in that supply zone and then push down and have a really big wick, I would look for sales into this area and start to frame my narrative around that. And that would be what I'd be leaning more towards. I'd take trades the opposite direction, but I'd be only risking half as much.
So overall, again, with crypto, looking at the daily chart right now, we want these highs. But again, it's Monday. We want to see how Monday closes. So that's really what I'm watching for is how we react to this area up in here above this high.
If we even make it there. Now, let's just say we don't make it there and just tank from here. Well, that'd be the same thing. Same thing. If we see a very big down close or a lot of wicks on the top of today's candle, I'd be looking for a push down into these areas. Let's just, I'm going to peep a couple of Forex charts in the daily. A lot of shit's just the same thing as Aussie dollar. It's just like, I will say cable has, the GU has been,
A little bit better as far as like what it looks like it wants to draw to. Oh, hmm. See that you saw some reaction to this low, but I don't think that's going to stop. I still like this area down here. Because you saw a nice reaction to this daily order block here. You rebalanced the daily. Now you're pushing the downside. So what, you know, now it's seeking the sell side. So for me, you know, this low probably isn't enough. Down here would be the ideal area.
So really none of the levels have changed too much, except we now have, I think, some more buy side right here. I don't know why it wants to start with this. I think it's something to do with my alert. When I switch from the alert template, that's what it has to be. So yeah, overall with GU, still looks like we're moving to the downside. Let's look at this intraday.
This actually looks pretty nice right now. It's probably already given an entry. And this is exactly what we're talking about this morning. We have an old high, imbalance above, price comes into it, break structure the net with displacement. I'm actually going to chart this up really quick. And again, if our bias is that we're going to go down, we would want to see a push to the upside first.
Because on every one of these candles, you have a big area where price travel within that day. Because whenever you're looking at a candle, you're just looking at a lower timeframe range. That daily candle is just a trading range. Yeah, this is actually super clean. Let's see what this would look like. What's this high? 2, 1, 2, 5, 3. And again, for those of you guys that are watching this, your broker is going to be different than mine. Just really what it is, this five-minute imbalance, the lower one.
i always move stuff like a pip or a half cup up so um this scenario i want to see if the risk reward even kind of matches out it's really the first target would be that area there yeah i don't know
Theoretically, it is a supply and demand entry, too, because we have a supply candle, five-minute confirmation. So you would look to target this low down here. And that would go along with the daily bias. So that's why I like this trade, because it's not just a liquidity rate. I'm just going to use the fair value gap to enter.
And this is going to help too. We went over this. It's like if you're a supply and demand trader, well, you've got your five-minute confirmation entry inside your 15-minute zone right there. So it's like, oh, what zone do I play? What order block do I play? This sometimes helps me select which candle I want to trade off of. So you would look to target farther down to here, which would be very nice. How many pips has it even moved so far? It's already moved 25 pips.
Also, I'm going to do some weekly bias on DXY. That shit's definitely moving down. We got this about... I mean, really, it would have... I guess if you used the one minute, you would have maybe got an entry. I still probably would have taken that, but...
Honestly, what would be nice is if we would take out this really quick, these lows right here. I drew that slanted, but that area, and then come up back into this area. That would be ideal. I'm definitely going to have this on watch as well. I'm not going to set limits right here, but what I'm going to do is set an alert, and I'm actually going to mark the 15-minute imbalance.
instead of five minutes, just for an alert. Because the way I look at it is, you know, the impulse move was this right here. So far, that's definitely in a premium. You know, we got that 15 minute shift in market structure right here. Oops. So I'm going to set alerts for this high right here, which is that 21220. And that's on my broker. I think it's a, I don't, I shouldn't say my broker. I don't trade off this. I use MFF, but this is the feed I use.
So I might actually, because I like this daily chart on GU, I do. And this is what I mean whenever it's showing design. It wants something, right? It's moving towards something. It's not like this. There's opportunities here, right? But this can be a lot more screen time. And it's something we talked about in the private class, but...
In essence, basically, we want to look at trading like a business. When you look at a business, you want to determine where is your time most valuably spent. That's a weird way to say that, I guess, but you get what I'm saying. Where is the most efficient market for you to participate in? For me, that's something that shows overall desire to move towards something. I will say Aussie dollar isn't even that appealing, but I do like the supply and demand setup.
I need to start paying attention to GJ. I don't really trade Asia Session though. This is a great pair for Asia Session. It looks, and we went over this last week. It cleared the low. And it looks like it wants this imbalance right here. And then it's doing just that today. But this right here is odd. But again, it's not really in session for this coin yet. Or coin. I hate when I call it a coin on accident. Same with EJ. It's moving back up in this imbalance. This has been another pair that's been pretty nice to trade recently.
I missed, dude, I got freaking, I was so sad. I missed this, all this right here. And reason being is because I was like on my phone and I was out of the office and I had this marked. And this was the day that Europe had, they announced that they're going to double their interest rates to fight inflation.
And that blasted through. And as soon as they announced, I was like, yeah, I'm just going to chill right now. I'm not, you know, I was like, it's probably going to be a liquidity rate setup. And I'm not going to be equipped to take it because I'm not going to, you know, I don't like watching really fast setups on my phone. I want to be on my screen. But it really didn't even give a setup I would have taken. So I guess I can't be too sad. But I did. I wanted to target like 136.8, which was down here. And it went straight there. And after this, I was like, oh, that's cool. You'll get an entry.
then nope. But now the daily does look like it's moving back up into this imbalance right here. I have alert set if it gets filled, but if price comes back in there, I would look for all this to get taken out. Well, if price comes in there and lower timeframes show signs of reversal, I want to see both these lows taken. So GU is another one I want to keep a watch on. I've been better at actually marking this up.
EU and AU. I'm kind of heavy on. I'm going to leave these on done for now. And we'll close out on the dollar index. So it's consolidating in this fair value gap. We talked about this too. Let's see where exactly it said this. Oh, right here. So here.
See, the tweet was on the 24th when it was up here. It said, looking for this imbalance to get filled. So here's the picture so you can see it. So what happened? Imbalance got filled.
exactly like we planned and um now we're seeing you know price kind of consolidate within this imbalance so we know you know whenever we see that happen a lot of times we want uh you know to really just study the lower time frame so here what i see is price you know rushed to the upside took out this high then we also rushed the downside came up looks like we are engineering some
Buy side liquidity in the form of highs right here. What I would look for here is probably price to come down here. And that's where you'll see a potential, you know, it's going to be decisional. Either it's going to move to the upside from this area or break down. And if it breaks down there, that'll be good for markets. It'll be some relief. Overall target, I still want this area up here. But I'm not going to get married to that narrative either.
If we start to break down from this imbalance, that's going to be super bullish for crypto and really all markets as far as anything with USD at the end and indices and any large market cap assets. But if price breaks down from this, we start to see moving to the downside outlook for this 103.212. And where I got that is it's a monthly order book. So again, just to kind of...
recap that price um i mean this doesn't really look too bullish because we came up we closed above this high so i wouldn't consider that a raid retraced you know filled this imbalance pushed up but then this right here you didn't see a closure and now we're seeing kind of a push to the downside you know if we don't if we come down and take this low you know this is really your last area of potential reversal yeah now if you maintain here extremely bullish
And then that's where we'll start to see bullish order flow has now reentered this, which bullish order flow theoretically on the dollar means that money is being siphoned out of markets like the stock market and the crypto market and siphoned out of foreign markets into the U.S. dollar, into the reserve currency, which is more risk off, which is what we've been seeing. That's whenever you see this chart move to the upside. On that note.
I'm going to hop off. I know it's five minutes early. Let me see if there's any questions from the Discord or StreamYard. Don't see anything on there. EGLD and GP... Yeah, I got you, Adeliki. Hold on one second. EGLD. I haven't messed with Discord in a long time. I think we charted it. Yeah, we charted it not too long ago. I mean, it's been a... That was a minute ago. It was like a month or two months. I mean, this doesn't look bad. Like, this looks good. Daily chart.
You are above these equal highs right here. Price showed the desire to continue moving it closed above it a day after rating into it. Let me look at the weekly. You are pulling into this imbalance here.
How do I trade fair value gap form on the four hour to the daily, the one day timeframe? It's the same thing as everything. Like for instance, if I was just a daily and a four hour trader, like for instance, I would look for, like, let's just say we're talking about, you know, this imbalance. Actually, let's just do it back in time here at this. Let's go, let's do this.
And this will be a live little study for both of us because I don't know what happened here. Well, I know that price moved up, but I don't know exactly the low time frame bias. So let me go and hit replay. So once price comes into your daily fair value gap, let's mark this.
So after that, you know, what do we do? We go to the four hour and we're going to look for a break of a high, any swing high. And when I say swing high, I don't mean our swings, our massive swing structure, but any high, any candle that has, you know, one candle after it's lower and one candle to the left that's lower. So right here, this is going to be that next one that I see. So we'd look for a break with displacement.
Right. So we broke above that high. And guess what we left right behind? Another fair value gap. So what we're using is we're just, you know.
You can look at it like, oh, fair value gap. I want you to look at it for what it is. And it's just the evidence that there is a big fish in the market right here that is buying up this dip, that their orders were left within this imbalance. So they're buying it up. Now the price has came down here. It's reached a point where there is an inefficient amount of sell orders compared to the buy order. So price is going to rush to where there are sell orders.
So there's buy orders left within here. Now, if you're just a four hour trader, which oftentimes you're not going to get, you know, the best risk reward, but if that is your style, you know, let's say you're an equilibrium trader, you trade at the four, you know, the equilibrium of the four hour fair value gap, well, you got missed. If you traded the fill, you got missed. If you trade at the beginning of it, you know, you would have, this would have been your trade could add a stop under this low. Cause this is your most recent, you know, internal low.
And then, you know, where do you target? Well, let's go to the daily chart because that's where you framed your trade off of. So at this point, the next area of liquidity is these highs. So you would have just said right here. And look, does it have been a good trade? 3R. I mean, you could have refined it a lot, but I mean, theoretically, we know what happened here. You know, you hit in a couple of days. And it's just the same thing. You're just, you know, price is going from an imbalance to a high or it's going from a high to an imbalance.
So I hope that helped. It's all the same. It really is all the same. It's the same formula, just applying it to different time frames in the context of the higher time frame. So, you know, if I'm going to use the daily, okay, I'm going to use the four hour to kind of confirm it, you know, and then maybe you go to the 15 minute, you know, it's whatever your style is.
So here I would say that, you know, we do have a likelihood to reverse. There is a potential that we move up here. We have a daily imbalance there, but let's do that. I think that's probably the weekly imbalance too. Yeah. So there's a, you know, there's a likelihood we could go up into this area. But what I see whenever we have these weekly imbalances.
Once price removes some lower time frame liquidity like on the daily, we've kind of taken out these highs. I get a little weary of continuing saying, oh, we have to hit this. So now let's look at this as well. I'm going to order block right there. So that's going to be another area of resistance. You could be drawing into it, though, is the point of that.
What I would do is I would watch Bitcoin to kind of get your bias. If Bitcoin does, you know, we were saying earlier, and it does push the downside, or if indices push to the downside, you know, that would lean more towards the short narrative. You've also got this daily order block here and an imbalance right there. So, you know, ideally, if you're a bull, you know, unless you just want to, you know, hodl, ideally, if you took, you know, a trade down from, if we could.
push to the downside you know the ideal buying range would be down in here you know it'd be at a discount of the swing move there's an order block right at equilibrium this would be the better scenario you know i'm actually going to set an alert for this um i like that if we could go down to that imbalance and then tab into this order block too i would look for a push up into this area or really this high whatever we form here would be the target
Can you scale? Yeah, no problem, bro. And you said, can you scale low timeframe 15 to five to three minutes? I like for that, for fair value gaps, I would say like one hour to 15 to five minutes.
That's just what I would recommend. Now, if you want to do even lower timeframes, I would just do 15 to... Honestly, if you're using liquidity raids and fair value gap entries, 15 to 1. Like 15 minute to 1 minute is fine. For crypto, 15 minute to 5 minute can save you from having false signals. But like, for instance, I don't know if you were at the beginning of the video, but...
we uh this trade that i took oh wow i see it like that's why i'm glad i took the full profit because then you know this is this is the the death cycle if you take these trades you get in them it goes good you take no profits stops you out and then flushes down but um there's another entry here while we were on stream we just quit going over everything else which is fine um but uh you know in this in this scenario there was a um a one hour
high one hour fair value gap and you know i didn't really wait for a 15 minute change of character now we've got that so we could you know frame a potential entry around that which i'm actually going to watch this depending on or just candle close we still got 12 minutes um but
I just went straight to a one minute or I think it was a five minute. I'm sorry. Yeah, five minute from the one hour. I didn't even use the 15. So then we got a break of structure right here with a fair value gap and nice move to downside. Definitely displacement right as soon as price reacted that high, pushed away from it. So smart money is selling to these buyers. Price moved back up into the imbalance on the one minute had the same occurrence.
Break down with the fair value gap. I didn't even get the sniper. I just took the trade right here after the Because it was close enough for me. It's fine with my risk tolerance, but you know could have been a little more patient that's not Reflecting I could have done that but yeah Also, yes, I'll do link cancel. This is gonna be the last one I do I'm about to hop off I would be weary of longs here and I'll tell you why I've got this daily order block right here
Just filled this imbalance right here. Now I will say the weekly overall draw on liquidity is going to be this imbalance and this high. So I'm going to put weekly draw on liquidity up there.
So that could get overpowered. I mean, this is just, you're in a kind of a weird spot. So what I could see is a reaction off of this, maybe down into this imbalance. Then if you see the four hour start to go bullish or the one hour even, you could look for bullish price action up into this weekly draw on liquidity. Because this high, there's a ton of stops there. Ton. It's also right under a big figure, which is $10. That's kind of where I'd be at with that.
And yes, you definitely, bias is super important. I mean, it's literally, I think a huge problem people have in trading, especially with smart money concepts is you learn everything and it's a lot of data and you start to either rationalize too many entries or you get paralysis by analysis. So a key way to fix that is to, you know,
How do I limit what I'm looking at? How do I prune my perspective and figure out what I'm really looking at or what I'm looking for? And if you can establish from the daily chart or from a higher timeframe, what price is likely to draw to, you're going to be able to see things more clearly and you won't look to trade every single setup.
But I appreciate all you guys coming through as usual. Any of you guys that have any questions, always reach out to me. Hit me up on any platform. I'll respond as quickly as possible. Yeah, I'm actually going to be setups I'm going to be watching. It's going to be Bitcoin.
If we can somehow come back up here pretty quickly, we'll see if it happens during session. But I'm going to watch Bitcoin during this imbalance. What I'd be looking for is the one minute to break structure of the downside with displacement. I'm also going to be watching GU. And I want price to come back in this 15-minute imbalance. Also, Aussie dollar, if we get a breakdown under there. And then indices, I think the move of the day on indices for what I would have wanted to play has already really played out.
And this is looking rough. Probably bring everything else down with it. It's weird, though. I will say that because DXY, I mean, that would lead me to believe that DXY might be accumulating here in this fair value gap. So, yeah. If you guys want to... If I get price to come up into... Here's a 15-minute one. I want to say this candle closes. If this candle closes like this, I'll watch anywhere in this whole area. But, yeah, I would like to see...
i'll show you guys what i would actually really like because i took the other day when we called this trade live i took a second trade on my own inside this range so like look right here um you know once we have a bias develop like the price is seeking the sell side like here i knew we were seeking this low or i didn't since i knew but i thought and um
that every time that happens, any movements on the way down, liquidity rates or fair value gaps can provide another entry. So I'd basically be looking for some kind of price action like this.
Right here where we kind of generate liquidity and then it would push back up into this region anywhere really, you know, like I said, if we Close the 50 minute where we look like we're gonna close it or lower I would look anywhere in this fair value gap right here
for a low timeframe, you know, price action to kind of just do this and maybe move down and then liquidate all those early shorts. They rush into some, one of these lower timeframe imbalances and then move to the downside. But, you know, that can all change very quickly. Again, that's just, you know, potential.
So that's the setup that I'm going to keep my eyes on. I will be working on some other stuff, so I'm going to have to be working off alerts. I'll try to keep Bitcoin on my screen. GU I've got alerts set for. But yeah, that would be the higher value setups that I'm watching on is GU and Bitcoin.
You guys, as always, I appreciate it. What's up? Keys and you're pretty late to the party, bro. You have to rewatch it. I hate to hate to tell you we're about to hop off, man. But what's up, though? Yeah. Anyways, I'll see you guys tomorrow. I'll be on at 1030 and I'm going to post up my schedule for the week here in a minute. So, yeah, don't get liquidated out there. I'll see you tomorrow.
