What is up guys? Currently I'm up a little over $2,300 and I want to break down this trade that way you can learn the simple strategy I used to find it. So really simple, what you're going to do is you're going to go over the last five days and you're going to take this volume profile tool. You can just get this by going to your indicators and typing in fixed range volume profile. You can also get it down here at the bottom. There's two ways you can do it. But what I like to do is I take this and I anchor it over the last five daily candles. So as you can see,
If we go right here, it starts back here. So there's one, two, three, four, five full daily candles, okay? Not counting the first one or the current one, five candles. So then what I like to do is just add these levels to my key levels. Now, typically I will also watch for your London lows, your Asia lows and highs, and then previous days low and high as well. And just any other higher timeframe, fair value gaps, et cetera. Now, today I actually came into the market bearish.
I wanted to see if we could get a continuation down through this gap. However, the market did not provide. So I ended up taking this long and I used this, or I took this long just simply based on the volume profile. Now, what is the volume profile? Well, it's showing that during a specific time range, where was the most volume traded? So if we look right here, this shaded area, see that's a little bit darker.
that's where the most volume was traded so we know that the market accepted this as fair market value okay we we hear this term a lot in ict but um the real application of it is where was the the market established to be at a fair price this is where the highest amount of volume meaning that the largest market participants were trading and they agreed on the price to be oh this was fair
Now, as we see the market rushed out of this, obviously with the tariff news and everything, and then the market has been kind of fighting to stay back in it. Now, why is this important and how can you use this to find trades? Well, at the end of the day, trading literally is just two things. It doesn't matter what you do, if you're doing ICT or any other strategy, it's just key levels plus reactions, okay? How is the market responding to areas of price where we are expecting a reaction?
this is just going to give you a little bit of a bias but also help you with establishing where you're going to look for these reactions and these can be reversals or continuations now if we know that this is the value area low meaning the low of that area where most of the volume is traded we know that if the market gets accepted under this and stays under it that's the market literally telling you the
the participants are accepting lower prices. That is the definition of a bearish market. And likely you'll expand until we start to develop value again and people can agree on a fair price. Now, if the market comes back up into this area and you test it, typically that's going to be somewhere you look for reaction. So if you can see right here, we traded into this right here and I was bearish. So I was actually looking to see if we got some kind of reversal. Now, in this example,
right here we traded back into that value area low and if we were bearish you typically want to see like this kind of reaction now as we can see the market hit into that level we started to get a little bit of a sell-off but then what happened traded right into this fair value gap and then just continued this bullish structure we didn't really have any kind of reason to be bearish we had you know a low displacing up with an energetic push and then the market just continued that move now as soon as we close this candle right here that was my entry
um right there whenever we are closing the candle i entered the trade and i put my stop under the original stop was right here as you can see i've moved it in profits but my original stop was under the candle that displaced through the structure and this is a little trick you can use for scalping if you didn't catch like the optimal entry and this is a continuation trade a lot of people only look for reversals and you know at the end of the day i was looking for a reversal but anytime you hit a key level you're looking for what either you know your reversal signals
displacements to the downside to take the trade off of the level but if that level fails to give a reversal well then you can know that okay cool this market is is likely going to go to the upside so as we can see right here the market showed us by displacing to this high closing this candle right there that this market is likely going to continue now if you're wondering why i put my target where i did we can go back to the volume profile again now as you can see right here we have these big mounds now you can see that there are
very big areas where there's a lot of volume transacted right here here and here now a lot of people under or i guess overthink these volume profiles truth be told the best way to use them is use these levels the value area low the point of control which was the area the most volume was traded and the value area high those are just key levels now another way you can use this is what we call low volume nodes now these low volume nodes as you see right here are basically the dips where there are very small bars
Typically at those areas, you will look for some kind of reaction. And I'm just trying to scalp this range. I'm not trying to be a hero here and swing for the fences. I think the markets after we have this kind of really big move, you're actually more likely to kind of get this chop and a little bit of inefficient price action. So that's the reason that I'm just putting my target for that low volume note. It's just the next stepping stone, right? Using this can help you.
Um, maybe the market goes here. Maybe I eat my words, but typically using this can help you understand where the market might have some problems before just targeting, you know, a point of liquidity. And we do have that time-based liquidity right above that, which is the previous daily high. That is also a level you could look to trade from. Um, so the way I look at it is I'm just trying to get a piece of the pie. I'm not trying to, uh, you know, swing for the fences here, just based on the current market conditions and the whole macro, uh, situation with Trump and China and everything.
So yeah, really simple guys. Your strategy should just be setting key levels and reactions. Now, whether that is the first candle rule, setting the high and low of the first five minute candle, like I talk about in a lot of my videos, that's a strategy, whether it's time-based liquidity, where you're looking at previous day high and low or Asian session high and low and all those.
That is a strategy. But at the end of the day, both of those are just using key levels and reactions. And as you mature as a trader, as you gain a little bit of experience and discretion, you will be able to look for other key levels, such as these volume profile levels, such as four hour and one hour swing highs and lows, et cetera, and the higher timeframe fair value gaps. At the end of the day, an A plus setup to me is really just something where you have a reason to look for a reaction in price and you have a very strong and clear reaction.
If you can establish those two things and you have a target with good risk to reward, that is a good trade setup. I think a lot of people overthink this and want 25 different things to align before they take a trade. So currently we're up 3,900 on this trade. We'll see if this gets to the target. That pretty much goes over everything. The volume profile, a lot of people overthink this. It's really simple. You literally just take this anchored over the last five daily candles.
look at the levels, look at where there was low amounts of volume. And this gives you a little bit of a roadmap of what to expect. Now, some other ways you can use this is let's say the market would have traded into this level right here, right? Where we look for that original reverse. And let's say it had a really strong move to the downside. Well, at that point, you could look to enter sales and I would have had a much wider take profit because as you can see, there aren't really any low volume nodes. And in fact, volume just gets lower and lower until it's pretty much nothing. Now,
The way you look at this is almost like a bumpy road. The higher this is, the more you're gonna have a little bit of chop through it, the more you're gonna have a bumpier price action. But once you get to these areas where there are very low amounts of volume, then those areas you're gonna move very rapid through. And then value areas typically as you're, you know, if you deviate back into it.
Typically, you're going to have some kind of mean reversion, meaning you're going to go back up into the range to levels within the range, whether that is your fair value gaps or your swing points or your low value nodes. It's really up to you. God, I was in Miami all week last week and I literally my throat, my voice is like gone from a mixture of talking and smoking cigars. I haven't been smoking cigars much lately. I know you guys probably think I smoke them all the time, but.
I actually cut back a lot and Miami got me. So this trade is moving pretty nice. I'm up a little over four grand on it right now, which is pretty cool. We'll see if we can get a pop up to this area. But yeah, I think that a lot of you guys can really benefit from adding some of this stuff into your strategy. It just helps you with a little bit of a roadmap. It's not something you have to do. I'm not sitting here saying it's the best in the world. But at the end of the day, understanding the volume and
the true mechanics behind the market, I think is what a lot of ICT traders are really after, and that's why they get into ICT. But truth be told, price action alone, yes, it can make you very profitable, but it is limited in terms of seeing where the real volume is being traded.
So on this trade I'm going to go ahead and I'm gonna start price waiting here as we're getting a little bit closer this target We're starting to see really good volume. I don't want to see us come under these big displacement candles And this is something I talked about my candlestick course, which that video did not do very well I guess you guys thought it was just like a basic candlestick pattern video, but um Nonetheless, it shows a lot about just understanding the energy of each candle. I mean as I'm in a trade if I'm in a scalp
which I would still consider this kind of a scalp, more of a day trade, I guess. I don't really want to see this market, you know, if we're putting in a lot of big energetic candles, especially in an area where I know there is a risk of the market just chopping around, I don't want to see the beginning characteristics of the market chopping around. And if that happens, I just want to get out of the trade, especially if I've got a decent risk to reward. Not anything crazy, almost two risk to reward secured.
um original trade resort is almost four so i'm happy with that i mean i personally like to move up my stops like this rather than just like trimming trimming trimming because at the end of the day like typically trimming in my opinion leads to lower profits overall for most people because they don't do it right and you end up just taking profits too early for the sense of safety because you don't want to be fully out of the trade
But you also don't want to be fully in the trade. I would most of the time rather just be fully in it or fully out. So that's why I like trailing up my stops and just securing the full amount of profit. Because what happens with a lot of people is they'll take like one contract and move stops to break even. And, you know, you could say that's not a loss. But to be honest, in my opinion, once you get to a certain amount of running P&L, you shouldn't be just like willing to give it all back. It's not a good idea to do that. So, yeah. And I posted as well.
some of the levels in the free discord if you want to join the free discord i'll leave a link down in the description for that but i posted that we were going to have these reactions from these levels i was off my bias this morning i did think we were very bearish which kind of let me on the sidelines until to uh up until this point i actually had zoom calls up until this from around 11 or actually 10 30 and that's why i missed the the first best entry but we still got in and made some money it feels good to be back in the market after vacation
It's almost funny, like you almost kind of feel rusty sometimes, like when you don't trade even for like a week. But at the end of the day, it's just like a, I feel like it's a human innate feeling to, to overthink things and feel like, oh, but because trading is literally like riding a bike, you know, the more so the things you have to get back used to is kind of like the market environment. And thankfully the market.
has became very volatile since I last was trading. I wasn't trading all last week because it was my birthday and I was on vacation, which was nice.
We have the VIX still above this 18 mark. So if you guys don't know what the VIX is, it's just volatility index. Expect the volatility on options over the next 30 days, essentially. Simple terms. But typically, to simplify this, the higher this number, the more volatility to expect. As you can see, we have the...
The VIX popped up pretty nicely. We've also had some pretty crazy moves on gold. I personally think this is going to likely continue. I posted a little bit about this in the free Discord as well, just like general investing stuff. I actually rebalanced my long-term portfolio to a lot of gold ETFs about two or three weeks ago, which is paying off nicely. With crypto, I'll give like a minor little crypto update here. Personally, I'm still bullish on crypto. I think that...
If we're going to start to see something, it's going to be with alts. Like I own AVAX, HBAR, LINK, ADA. Those are like my big four right now. Notice this. Look how much the low volume there is. If we can just get out of this little range. Like all of this big move down was really because the liquidity on the books was so thin during that crash. I mean, hell, we even went to zero practical on some coins. Like I know Adam, I think went to like 0.01. But moral of the story.
I like alts. I think that if we can start to get some displacement to the upside, we can start getting some really rapid movements. And I think this is a great time to buy. Now, if this dumps, it is what it is. Not financial advice. Don't over leverage yourself and expect zero always on crypto. I actually had a friend over last night and he's new and I was telling him like, you have two options. Either you can buy Bitcoin, hold it forever, know that you're going to most likely be straight. Or you can degen a little bit with some of these alts and understand that if the market crashes,
uh you know you might be cooked so um let me go to nqz so we have my chart drawings um up five grand right now which is pretty cool um i'm most likely going to go ahead and move my stops up again just a little bit here just under that candle now we've got oh no wrong thing no don't do that um we've got a little over two to one risk to reward secured which is cool with me
um so good trading day we'll see if this target hits while we're on here
and give us some time but um yeah i haven't made one of these live trading videos in a little while um to be honest i kind of just forget i know that you guys probably enjoy these a lot more i think there's this like big uh shift in the content world away from the over manufactured over edited stuff which i mean there's a time and place for it but let me know in the comments if you guys like this kind of more direct low effort content because i can put this out like
10 times more than you know the youtube videos that we usually do which of course i'll always still post those but um yeah at the end of the day i just want to give you guys as much value as possible and i think that in order to do that you need a healthy mix of that you know theatrical youtube content that's really organized in a way to keep you guys watching because that's half the battle to help you guys and for me to grow in content i have to keep you guys watching so there's a lot of you know
planning and structuring into those videos to make sure to deliver the value in a way that is easy to digest and that you're actually going to stick around for because most people have TikTok brains, right? It's kind of the way of society now. So maybe these videos that you're watching right now don't get as much of a high view percentage or whatever. But if you're watching this, know you are one of the few who...
who pushes through and actually takes things serious because i think that there's more value in these like i know whenever i was learning this is the kind of content i liked watching just raw off the top yeah sure maybe there was a little bit of uh you know time wasted or whatever um but i think that at the end of the day the goal is to get value and and learn little insights because all it takes is really like a couple little insights to make a world of difference as a trader
And also, I think another big thing that traders struggle with is you guys look for certainty, which you'll never have full certainty, but I think that whenever you consume the right kind of content, it can drastically increase the level of confidence you have. You obviously need to go out and implement this in your own trading to gain real confidence, but whenever you see me
doing things on the fly. You see me explaining things in a very digestible manner and simplifying things. I think that it gives you that motivation and the certainty you need in order to take the necessary action to become a better trader. You know, trailing up stops, as you can see, trailing stop just got hit. So we are out, made a little over four grand. I'm cool with that. Really good risk to reward. I'll likely just be done on the day for that. But yeah, guys, let me know if you enjoy this kind of content and I'll start posting more and more of it.
And stay safe out there, guys. The free Discord link is down in the description and make sure to subscribe. I'll see you later.
