oopsies okay i see it i'm not seeing the alert box is on on why can't i see hold on a second guys sorry okay let's see if this works maybe i'm just tripping it hasn't if somebody's in um can somebody that's in the discord like go to the youtube and like let me put the youtube link up where i help i usually notice it just has the uh chat box even if somebody hasn't said anything i thought
Infinity mirror inbound. Okay. Oh, there we go. Okay. I see it now. I just had it hidden. Okay. So now we got that set up. What is up, everybody? Well, that was pretty quick. Expecting a little pullback from the
This morning rally, I don't see us being bearish for the day. I see a pretty clear draw for the intraday at 4078 and I'll go over why I think that so first Confluence I have is this four-hour balance price range and not only it but the reaction we got off of it So if you look at the time we came right into that down under there
Right on 630 this morning. So obviously we aren't by the market But if we notice price move pretty rapidly pre-market right up at 830 open moved up We had that 10 a.m. News and whenever we look at news We want to see what kind of liquidity is attacked and then what happens after so if we see a raid on lows like this and Then a big push up after that usually tells us prices reaching up now While it could have just been reaching towards this
because it seems like we are having some trouble. My overall bias is bullish, as you guys know, and I'm going to be looking for buy side liquidity. So if I'm wrong, whatever. But the two areas I see that we'd have a pullback to, we've almost hit one of them, is this sell side right here that created this little range, maybe down into this imbalance here, or one of these order blocks right here. And the reason I like this order block...
As we close under that liquidity and then immediately rallied off of it engulfed it So we asked for BPR do I want the body to close within the consequent encroachment where we considered respected now For me, I'm more less just using as a point of interest. I just want to see
The move out of it and what kind of structure is taken if any so like here we took a short term high And we also took these highs out here with displacement. So to me it tells me, you know, that's indicative of that zone being valuable. I Originally one of this
this level down here to get hit but the Market didn't didn't want to give that which is okay I haven't taken a tray today or this week actually well there's a crypto trade but that's for the private server pretty pretty amazing fucking couple weeks though in crypto we talk a lot of shit about crypto but whenever it's not pumping and not doing our thing but at the end of the day whenever it's moving crypto is a great opportunity so we'll go over some of the trades we took and why we took them
These are all given the private discord so dash I Think I gave this to you guys on Twitter too. I was looking at a power of three on the daily chart So we had this accumulation
right manipulation down here and then the thing that I look for when playing these setups a lot of people get confused on them I know I used to because everything is so fucking over complicated and then I realized more and more I trade more and more I actually use things I realize it's not even that complicated people just try to make it sound complicated so people like look up to them or some stupid shit but this right here is pretty clear power three the only thing that I look for in playing these setups is the move back into the range so
Let's just say that this move would have been lackluster. Let's just imagine in another world that price kind of did this and just sat here. That's not a power of three. We need displacement into the range. Now, I get a lot of questions too. If we get a pushback out of the range, they're going to say, okay, well, I'm going to wait for this order block. Well, you're not going to get that. Most of the time you're not because we are in distribution or targeting those highs. It's just once you move out of the range.
Think about it like this. If you're a market maker and you position yourself down here, why would you position yourself again here or here? You don't need to. You've done that by accumulating all the liquidity in this range, taking it, absorbing it, and now you're going to your target. You don't have to continuously mitigate like we're talking about normal market structure. This is more manipulation has already happened. Once I had given that bias, I'd given it on...
On Twitter or talk to the discord we didn't execute off of it for some time I was waiting and I'm speaking from experience because I was like I'm gonna wait for here and we talked I saw another set for it and I watched the market and said, you know Trust what you know and execute on it. So if I'm looking here and we are distributing towards these highs I knew I was like, okay, you're probably not gonna get this Pico entry that you want Yeah, there's equal lows under it. Yeah, there's nice PI that may be a good entry later, but we're looking at the market in terms of
we have a clear draw on liquidity which is that high of the accumulation range the market is in distribution mode and i'm not talking about wycoff i'm talking about it's distributing orders right it's distributing price towards the buy side liquidity that that's all you need to know is what it's going towards and it's going there with force so um we had this price action here in the one hour which if this doesn't look familiar then i don't want to tell you it looks just like that daily price action again push down violent push back up
right so i just longed as soon as we got around this area just because i was also matching that with this four hour order block and what the reason i have this order box selected is it was the biggest candle in this down move that closed under liquidity so you can see we tapped off that nicely candle shell so just retail liquidity getting soaked up under that level and we got a failure swing right here so i was watching for a potential
And you'll get failure swings a lot of the time when we're talking about power three. So yeah, we could have waited for a tap, sweep, and shift. But instead, you know, we got that failure swing where we come out, right? And then we push off that level pretty aggressively. Whether you're talking about right here or over here, we respected that level and then saw this place away from it. So that tells me that, you know, enough positions have been absorbed at this level. We're not going to go back under this low.
And after we pushed aggressively right here, that to me was the last sign of institutional involvement. So we took liquidity here and moved away from it. So that to me is a good point for our stop loss because we shouldn't be going under that if we are to remain bullish.
Whenever we see that expansion up, I just put one TP right here. It hit very quickly while we were in the private server. We did a AMA with Jared Tendler. Super, super awesome guy. Very intelligent. Very good at what he does. It was pretty cool to sit down and have everybody talk to him. Now, the...
Push up happened during that is what made me think about it. And then we saw some consolidation and notice how we came close to this stop loss, but we didn't touch it. We took out liquidity here, which is normal.
But we didn't take out our stock ball. So that's when they know you have a good institutional level We just held the trade at that point some members I said if you want if you're in a lot of longs, you can break even stops and some members did That was I think over somewhere in this area But I did say that, you know, we could also hold the trade
So I have the trade Pretty rapid expansion started to take profit and this is you know, once we got in that mode It was it's game over. So that was that trade. We'll go over this deal IDX trade. It was also pretty nice I'm pretty massive move here. So what's crazy is I looked at this on stream I think we might even I don't know if we entered this right after a stream. What time was it? See? No, it wasn't
But basically this was I mean just daily right we had this liquidity taken right here
high resistance around liquidity displacement break of structure trading back into bullish order flow pushing up leaving that balanced price range right there and then rapid displacement confirming that leaving a fair value gap which gave us our entry so i just entered as i was looking at price that came down to the gap it's pretty clear we're going to these highs now what's pretty cool about this is you know we're trying to do analysis based off smartly concepts we're trying to track manipulation or institutional order flow and what happened
Right after we got into this trade, the next morning, DYDX announced that they were pushing back the token unlock, which means the people who invested in DYDX as a seed investor when it first started, they're not allowed to sell their tokens that they get for X amount of time. So when those token unlocks are getting close, people are anticipating a sell-off. So what does everybody want to do? Everybody wants to short. When we look at DYDX,
What has it been doing this entire time when everybody wants to short? It's been getting accumulated, taking out lows, taking out highs with displacement after. So pretty cool to kind of visualize news happening in the chart before it happens. Three and a half risk reward just using a daily chart. And then we have some equity moon bags just at this point, just sitting right now up 85% on equity. So it's pretty crazy. We haven't had a crypto play like that in a little bit. Hold on one second.
But uh, yeah pretty pretty crazy move for that Crypto has been nice lately. It has been away and then we had some big point. I think I deleted the TA on it But we had some shorts that end up get stopped to break even it was after this sweep up here
We shorted it right in this candle right here After this liquidity was taken. I just went on shorted because it was closed up to invalidation. Give me a good risk reward And then I'm getting stopped at break-even sometime after this because I again, you know Bitcoin is in that distribution of two in my opinion. We're going towards this high right here. So
You know, maybe a lot of people I'm seeing are talking about this high. I think the 25 K's is where we're moving towards We'll see how that goes with this week, but let me look at some of these questions You know didn't know you did live streams. Oh, yeah We used to do them every single day We do them three times a week in the private discord or I do them three times a week in the private discord or streams every day for the premium members, but um, I I only do streams on YouTube once a week now. We used to do every day
Somebody said what's everybody? Let's get everybody a player. See you in Haas Or be I answered that one Good morning. Hey, what's up eating? I haven't seen you in a while. Hope you're doing good. He said get that get that swag. Thanks, bro Please check for experience. Give me some for experience
Thoughts on the cable fiber correlation was so wonky this morning. You know, I haven't even been watching 4x recently I'm just gonna why I've been crypto. It's usually like to me Indices are kind of like my main thing and then I have like a side Chart that I'm watching for swings and stuff and I cycle between 4x and and
Right now, I mean, I think that we're drawing to these equal highs. I'd be bullish on the euro dollar Overall drawn liquidity be these equal highs. So I look at the four hour We traded I guess we did trade it. We can recap that too We traded the euro dollar last week. I stopped the break even after pretty nice gains. We had a TP It was here and then here so we have two TPS and a club Well, we didn't get separate and we closed it at the market close right before the broker hour
So, and this was based off the same bias I'm giving you guys right now. We recapped this last week's stream. I want to, or no, that was in the private Discord. But basically the bias for this trade was we had taken out this liquidity under one hour, closed under it, nice water block, engulfing, break structure, we traded back down into it.
Five minute with time and price so we had 830 open dipped under it I could have got a better entry But I entered it right after eight just goes pretty confident in this bias Hit played out pretty nicely didn't go to full TP though So if I go back to the four hour now, I'm not seeing much displacement to the downside I mean some might call this displacement. That's not to me
as far as like a reference point that we're moving off of we pipped this low it's 18022 yeah barely pipped that low pretty crazy move off of it too so we got this push up right pretty nice displacement i can't say i would have long that or anything but um then we push back down into that fair value gap it's failing to hold up here pretty chop um
it's not really the cleanest pa but you know i could see this push down into this water block down here push up but we're not really holding displacement so this is a chart i'd probably chill chill on but if we don't hold that displacement or get back above here with force i would look for this low um now i know you said uh what was wrong with the cable and fiber um let's see so this started 915 so we had a nice down move and uh what was gu doing
Let's see if it's even worse I don't really see too much of a difference except we took liquidity. I mean, if that's what you're talking about, I had a nice S&T right there on GU. But the daily on GU, when we took out these equal highs, we moved back into a premium. We didn't try to trade in this order block here.
Can't even see maybe that's getting taken out on GU price wants to this to me This is not like I'm day trading. This is mainly what I'm looking at like I look at everything for reference, but I'm really looking at this and I don't know about you, but this does not look like Pico Phenomenal price action That's just my opinion
This is one thing that I think that the ICT space kind of like puts in people in newer traders head that can can be detrimental. It's like you have to trade one pair. Like that's the stupidest shit I've ever heard, in my opinion. Sorry to insult anybody. I don't mean like if that's what you do and you do it good, more power to you. But I don't don't like force yourself to do that. You know what I mean? Like have something that, you know, like one asset class that you're working in a lot. And.
But sometimes that even has to change. As a trader, one of the biggest mistakes you can make is staring at one chart and one asset class for months while something else is moving great. For example, let's say you're a crypto trader during 2020 and 2021. That's what I was. I was mainly trading crypto. And then we have this massive, insane fucking year in the stock market. And you just sat there and watched
this all all day every single day you watch this right here instead of watching this nice movement every day big expansive candles so it's just like you got to know where where the value's at where are you going to be able to damn yes it's doing that thing huh oh you look a little crazier on the daily making new highs now didn't take out where i wanted to but um you know you gotta be uh
reading so i'll look at something just like i want to finish this thought you got to be versatile and you got to know when it's time to uh you know maybe watch a different asset class or watch um different pairs so like right now in my opinion forex isn't really super super clean um well not forex as a whole i'm sorry euro dollar and pound this didn't mean like all forex sure there's tons of moves but
um maybe i'm being biased but i just you know in my opinion this the space to have been watching this month was undeniably crypto and very close second stock market but crypto for sure i mean crypto has been pretty massive very very volatile markets price action is pretty clean as a day trader as a short-term trader this is what you want want to trade a lot of people will watch ict make oh that's madness and
you know i've told you not to trade crypto at certain times you know when i'll tell you to not trade crypto is when it's just like this when it's just sideways movement a lot of wicks it's not really moving very well but whenever crypto is showing desire to move and it's moving um based off of the strategy that you use you know trade it don't don't just be like a scrooge but uh let's look at some of these other uh
Well, it's Casper I appreciate you breaking down ICT content by the way many blessings to you and your fam Yeah, I appreciate you coming back coming by and the kind words lessons to you you and your family as well
Love your educational content, bro. The best in the space. Hey, thanks, man. I appreciate that a lot. I try. I try to just because it's like I see a big value hole in this space because like it doesn't need to be as like esoteric because ICT like I mean, I've got nothing to respect for the guy, but, you know, for his teachings. But, you know, as the way he kind of carries himself and kind of precedes things, I don't really agree with it to each his own. But I think that it causes a lot of harm in people trying to learn it.
you know some people it doesn't some people it does so i try to kind of come and fill that void because it's not nearly as hard you know you got to remember when he came out with the original content he was selling that for thousands and thousands of dollars to people that's why a lot of people that are you know have been with ict since 2016 are angry as that he made everything free like that because they paid thousands of dollars for that um but whenever you're charging thousands of dollars for something
you know it's kind of you kind of take it to the next level and make it you know people feel like they're paying thousands of dollars for something you know you don't want to make it simplified as much as possible which i don't really agree with that but um i get it whatever so i think that that creates a massive massive void to be filled and that's why you see them getting so like you know upset about other people you know reselling and shows like you know i mean a lot of other people explain it just as well if not better but um you know
Regardless the teachings are invaluable and I do respect that that aspect of it. So don't get me wrong Somebody said G we'd went over to you and you Perennial asked how can I join your private group? So there is a link in the description It is the play that link and use code all caps Casper and you can actually get a free trial to just see if you like it before you decide to stay
And at me once you're in there at me and whatever if you're in if you trade forex I'm do the crypto and forex if you trade Stocks we got a shitload of people doing stock like options and stuff That absolutely kills kill it like glacier and Robbie and hunter go crazy, but um if you Depends what you trade what what membership or you get both to just cost a little more
Okay, so you guys, why? So has it hit? There's another one I've been waiting. So I see two potential outcomes here. So we've got this weekly range. It's absolutely fucking massive. And there's liquidity sitting. Let me do this.
Still make it a little easier on the eyes. There's liquidity sitting in a discount. So yeah, it's an order block that we expanded pretty rapidly off of. We've taken liquidity into it. So I don't necessarily think it needs to be taken, but DXY I think looks more like it wants to take this low. If I look on the daily, it would close under this candle right there, giving a nice order block. And look at this reaction we've got off of it. So yes, we've taken out some short-term highs, but really it was just to fill that daily imbalance.
Right so until we get out of this
out of this chop, maybe even sweep that low again, or maybe sweep that low, whatever. Again, it's just, you gotta know, part of being consistent is if your strategy doesn't give you a clear, very confident bias in something, that means you just wait, you know what I mean? And it's hard to do that sometimes, and that's what trading one pair will kill, is the ability to do that. So when I look at this,
i see it like i see a bullish bias you know what i mean i know a lot of people want to long it and i definitely can see that but for me it's not clear enough to try to catch the bottom now let's just say um plot twist we get a massive displacement above this high and we create a fair value yeah okay now we're talking you see what i mean and i'm not concerned with catching it down here to take it all the way up here i'm just concerned with knowing which way the market is going because i'm a day trader
especially the forex and i'll swing some stuff but most of most of the time i just need to know what mark what way the market's going i'm not in the business of catching tops or catching bottoms i'm in the business of making money and i don't have to catch the top or the bottom to do that all i need to know is what way the river is flowing what's my bias and if i don't have that then that's why i wait so that's why i'm at with uj but i do see a setup cooking for sure you know i see the idea okay we took out this high high resistance run on liquidity
Traded back into this order blog. Push up. But to me, it's just not there yet. It's just not. Not enough displacement taken out. This imbalance is the main culprit of why I'm not. To me, there's no reason why this wouldn't just dump into this low. But I'm also not going to short that because we're in a daily order block at a discount. So you see, it's kind of, you know, you can see both sides too much.
What steps would I take as a new trader? I feel like a lot of people that teach SMT concepts tend to overcomplicate the narrative. So SMC, SMT is a technique, but you know, don't get me wrong. I mean, I'm not telling you not to watch ICT. I think that it's great. I think that you can learn a ton from it. But some people I know don't have the patience for it. Like for instance, you can watch ICT on 2X and watch it for four hours.
And you can get something that could have been 30 minutes, you know, but it's still valuable. It's still extremely, extremely valuable. And it's gold, but it's just like, you know, it's, there's just so much fucking jargon and so much like, you know, like the new stuff. Like I was watching someone's like, I can't even, he was like, yeah, I can do this, but you can't do this. It's like, why do you have to say that? Like, does that make you feel good? Like, I don't get that. But, um, you can watch that also.
You know, I have a bunch of stuff on YouTube. I'm still working on building up the library on YouTube and I have the private library that's in the discord I think it's like 20 something classes It goes from market structure psychology to building an edge. There's a ton of stuff in there It's more catered for beginners, but um, yeah, I would recommend just sticking with something You know if you if you decide that you want to do ICT
pick one Teacher one educator and make sure that you trust that it's gonna stick with it because there's gonna be times where What they're saying doesn't make sense or you go out and use what they've taught you and it doesn't work and you're gonna want to switch up And that's a fatal mistake. So whatever he is you just just stick with something be patient don't expect to make a shitload of money for a while and Trust the process Embrace the unknown biggest advice I can give you
I have a trading plan and back test, but I can't execute the trades in a live market. So that's trading psychology. I know you said, how can I train my brain? So what I would do is I would really build a genuine relationship with the fact that you don't have to understand what's gonna happen on that exact trade. So let's say if you have a series of trades and you have tested 100 trades and out of that 100 trades,
40 of them won and they had a three to one risk reward. So it's not like a super, super profitable strategy. I mean, it is profitable, but let's just say, you know.
you don't know which 40 are going to win. So when you're trading that strategy in a live market, you could take, you know, if it has a 40% win rate, you could take six losses in a row and your strategy is still okay. Are you going to be able to take six losses in a row and still execute in the seventh to get that win in the eighth and the ninth and the tenth to get those wins to balance that out? And if you can't do that, if the answer is no, then it's because you're afraid of, you know, you're trying to predict the
the outcome of each trade so if you're in the mindset of having to be right of this trade has to win you know you know if you get upset when you take a loss those are all telltale signs that you're not really accepting the risk you're taking like sure you understand you're taking risk you know if I ask you what's risk you're gonna say I'm risking money but you know are you really you know if I ask you okay you're cool with risking money you're gonna say yeah
Of course I am. I'm trading. But nobody really accepts that. If you really accepted it, you wouldn't change your plan once there was money involved. You wouldn't be afraid to execute and lose money. You wouldn't move your stop loss or change your position size or babysit a trade and wonder what you should do to it after you already have a plan. Because if you really accepted the risk you put on, you wouldn't do any of that. But that's what it really comes down to is accepting the risk. If I enter a trade,
If I, I'm automatically okay if that trade just immediately goes to my stop loss. Sure. It's natural to be like, damn, like that sucks. I'm not saying to be a robot and dehumanize yourself to the point of having zero emotion. Like I see a bunch of people on Twitter, like when I trade, I'm totally emotional. So I'm like, you're a fucking liar. You know, I mean, that's just not true, but it's all about accepting that uncertainty and it will tone that fear down.
So that's my biggest advice is to just kind of accept uncertainty. Just understand you don't have to know. You might lose multiple trades in a row to just keep trading and keep pushing through it. And if that doesn't work, then backtest a new plan. But if you have a plan and you've backtested it, then it's just a matter of execution. Of course, no problem. RMDR.
Take a look. Why don't you look on tethers? Damn it, Adeliki, you in these pump. You're the pump demon, Adeliki. I'm just fucking with you. Pump specialist. I mean, it looks fucking like it's going for something. On a, uh, you know, if I was a betting man, you know, I'd probably, let's see what's in this wick. Right here, I'm just curious, nonetheless. Um.
don't pick this candle the reason i'm picking that is we close above that high right there so i think that's your draw at one five nine eight but you're so extended that it's like i mean man like i wouldn't be longing to that if anything if i'm looking at the daily you know we've taken out liquidity right we're trading into an order block i would just be waiting for like a four or a one hour break of structure the downside with displacement and i would probably look for something inside this uh
This weekly fair value gap. Let's see if there's like a daily breaker over to the left. Maybe I take stops though. So let's see. Let's refine this
Yeah, so I mean this daily fair value gap, I mean it got tapped into so I mean, you know, it's arguable that it's already mitigated but I would just wait again once you get a one-hour structural break Let's say you blast that you're already in it This is why I would it's it's it's too jumbled together if that makes sense Like you want expansive ranges in between your points of interest so that way if a straight of structural break does happen You have enough room to get in and make money, but I would just wait on this but
I think that if you do get up to $1.59, and then, you know, maybe, let's just say, maybe you do something like this, and then you get a big push out, you know, that would be a good trade setup. Anything other than that, I think, is just trying to force something, because the bias could go either way. Tony said, play big gang, what's up? And no problem, Legacy.
Stone crab check out. Woo. I'm assuming that they pipe. Maybe not actually. Oh, yeah, they move. Nothing crazy. With the IDX, I'm pretty sure they're involved with the IDX somehow. I think one of them provides equity to the other. So it's what somebody told me. I don't know if that's true. It's probably didn't tap into this candle. It seems like it tapped the wick. Almost. I think that this candle will probably get tapped at some point.
Yeah, I think this fair value gap is a real possibility right here on the weekly. That's probably where I would be watching price to go overall. Somewhere in this level. And you've got this liquidity under it. You've got more confluence. I would say that this is where I'd be looking for price to head. Which is 16710 on Binance. This is the part charts too. So if it were me.
Nice entry was already really up here. You can watch I would watch inside this for about four hour fair value gap if you get in there potentially Other than that, I'd probably chill on it, but we'll wait for a long in that sound but these are the two areas I would watch UJ trendline looks really not bad. I just saw that Yeah, there's a ton isn't there I really didn't notice that. Yeah, that's another thing that'd be in the way of longs. I mean
Yeah, there's gonna be a ton of I could see it popping up into that for sure. That's a good eye I didn't even notice that Do I look at indices? Oh, yeah, for sure. So that's my bread and butter and butter 4078. That's what I'm looking for today
right here and again we went over a little bit in the beginning of the video i won't go too much in detail but we came down this four hour balance price range so you need to turn your eye to see this so we have this little fair value up here fair value gap right there watch how aggressively price moved away from that because it's that's a balanced price range price has no reason to go through that after it's traded to that it shouldn't come back down to it if the bias is correct and bias is bullish so you see that i wanted us to trade down in here but we just started to the breaker um
You can look at this as a market maker buy if you want to be a little more technical with it But it's ugly, you know, but it's there
Well, that's what I see. I think 478 what is it 478? Yeah, it's a good internal or intraday draw overall. I think we're gonna go towards a 4200 I think that has a good chance of happening with FOMC, but we'll see Overall bullish on indices we've been talking with bed boy. I mean you could see a lot and look at this Look how well balanced prices have been working. Look at that
We actually got misord on some longs over here. That's why you see this little sad fair value gap. It was never touched again. I wanted a long here in the Discord all the way to 4,200, but you can see that a deposit man said, no, no, no attendees for you. But the buy, and I see the buy. And look at this. So four-hour bounce price range, 15-minute to spice me up. Four-hour bounce price range.
15-minute displacement up. I mean, it's the same program that's running right now. Then we go to highs, right? All these shorts are going to get obliterated. And I might be wrong, right? I hate when I say it like that. If I say, like, all these shorts are going to get obliterated, that's when I end up being wrong. But, you know, at the end of the day, it goes back to what I was saying before. You know, if I'm wrong, I've been publicly wrong multiple times. It's fine. You know, when I'm right, I'm right enough that the wrongs get...
they get canceled out so to speak and you just got to manage your risk and learn how to accept it like you really don't know anything for sure but being confident in what you think is important even if you are wrong like somebody who's confident in their bias and ends up being wrong and then you take someone who was kind of just like you know shifty and then they ended up in chat like oh like let's just say like
you know oh i said it was going to go down but that person really didn't think it was going to go down like the person who was wrong is making a better decision as a trader um hopefully that made sense kind of butchered that explanation thanks for subscribing david i appreciate it man let's see in my opinion is 2022 ict mentorship episode 12 important to learn i remember um
If it was you somebody else asked me about this episode the other day So it talks about and exactly the lesson you're talking about it talks about short-term and internal term and long-term highs You know, I won't say it's like mandatory that you learn but it definitely helps and I'm not gonna lie It's one of those things that I watched that episode like four or five times because it's one of those weird like phenomena It's not even Something finally just clicks and it's not even the way he teaches it. It's just seeing in a live market But I know that episode is fucking abysmal
And that's a great, a great fucking example of like unnecessary complication, in my opinion. That is actually a really good example. But it is a complicated matter. So, you know, like in this example, we're just talking about like certain price models or certain like ranges of price. So like, you know, once this would be obviously a long term low, you know, or if we look at from the bear side, we came down in here, you know, we had a short term high and intermediate term high.
and then this would be your long-term high, because it's the, this displacement range, so to speak. Actually, if you're looking at a higher time frame, it's going to be easier. But, you know, again, that's another thing one person's going to look, there's no mechanical way to do that. There's no, you know, that's kind of just how you do it. But again, it's just a different way to map market structure.
really what it comes down to is not using the strong high and strong low theory that most smart money teaches which is external structure and looking at internal structure on a different level of like what do you deem a short-term high which is like you know maybe something like this just a little high candle that has one candle on each side of it and ICTs went back and forth from teaching one on each side to two on the following side so that'd be like a short-term high came up made an intermediate term high you see what I mean so
Then I can get pretty visible there, but Yes looking nice How often do I journal every day that I trade I'll input it, you know, but I Journal like physically journal like life journal every single morning and night
In addition to the above, do you know anyone that has a simplified version of the episode? No. I doubt it. Because here's the reason why. That's one that, like, there's no fucking, like, like I said, it's just jargon. But it's good jargon. But it's, um, it's just one of those things you start to get, like, from trading in the market. That episode inspires overthinking. Because the whole episode is just talking about, oh, you can't understand this. Like, it's so complicated.
which it's like, yeah, that's right. But again, that's where, where I tried to make things like executable, but I wouldn't, you know, lose sleep over the fact that if you don't get it, just keep watching it, come back to it, mark up your chart, just try, but don't, don't like be so, you know, don't be hard on yourself or like require that you fully understand that, you know what I mean? Cause a lot of people get tripped up and that's another thing that this fucking space does to people is that it's like, seems like it's like you're learning like,
Calculus and then like you always peel fucking counting candles and like ridiculous shit that may or may not work but like
the most, the people that I know that actually make money doing this, whether it's smart money or anything, they don't have a fucking insanely complicated system. Newsflash. Wait, I know there's a lot of people watching this and watching the older ICT or the newer ICT and it's like, you know, you feel like you like have cracked the DaVinci code and you have to like spend a hundred hours doing this, this mentorship, which, you know, I guess you say a hundred hours reasonable, but like a thousand hours and like crack like the...
the enigma of everything it's like you don't have to do that and make money you just kind of pick what what makes sense to you what works what you've tested and what you've been able to actually implement and execute and make money off of and you know you don't have to know every little last thing in order to do that you know especially as new traders you know they people you will go through a paralysis by analysis stage 100 especially with smart money just with trading in general but especially smart money
Us 30 tapped into four hour one four and one hour BPR with one hour breaker Yeah, it's nice man, that's super clean super clean So just knowing what you just said
Just understanding that in market structure you can make money and daily buy but like that concept if you understand a POI is You understand that prices came into it. You understand that eyes have been taken out You understand a fair value gap is you can make money off that. You know, you don't have to Be like on that crazy like, you know next to that. That's right. There's a great example
Have I taken any trade today? No, not today. Well, we're in a trade in the private server, but it wouldn't be fair to everybody in there. It's not indices or Forex. I'll tell you it is crypto. But DXY Outlook, we did that earlier in the video, but basically, or actually, no, no, we didn't. You're right. I'm sorry. We didn't do that. I'm glad you said that. So, oh, this is playing out nicely. So this order block, I'm bearish on DXY right now, but...
so we've been talking about just like every time we have these draws we get close to them and we kind of meander around one thing i will i post it on twitter is i look at this right here so these are the two points of interest right these are the two reversal zones so if we go up here i'm expecting this low if we go here first i'm expecting a quick move to this zone so how do we break down and decide where we're going to go right well i'm looking at this as bearish order flow overall but we have uh
this liquidity void right here i see probably getting taken out but i could i could see it causing some difficulty to me there's not a bunch of displacement here in this leg it's just you know chop so it's going to get taken out now another reason why i like that narrative again we're bearish overall we've been talking about going back under this low right here for probably two or three weeks now um this also goes hand on hand with the analysis for euro it goes in the analysis
for es if we look at this price came up in this one hour candle what did it do closed above liquidity pretty nicely right there right everybody thinks oh it's a break of structure and this is where bias is paramount you know you can use candle closes to break a structure or maybe whatever you know structure you're using this this would be probably the structure i'd like to external level if you're trading that kind but came above that and then what happened we engulfed it so that to me is a high value order block
So let's go down in the five minute. What happens as soon as you come into a three drive? Dispice break a structure, return a fair value gap. We're seeking out sell side. So this is what you call the sell side of the curve. Also, you want to look at this from a market maker model's perspective. Got that right there. Second leg of distribution into the order bar.
So I would see probably push down here, maybe consolidation somewhere here, and then push under those lows. So bearish on the dollar intraday. It goes back to what we said that we gained a stream. ES looks like it wants that draw.
Yeah, what David when he said you don't you really don't need it. He's profitable without it It's just a specific scenario. You can live without exactly. It's just like yeah, it's not gonna hurt you to like try to learn it But if you for like if you're like I need to know this it's gonna fuck you like that's a lot of stuff too with trading if you you know my advice to people is like Try to learn everything you can if it doesn't stick don't sit there and beat on a dead horse and watch the same video 50 times where I watch it twice
and then maybe come back later. And once you've understood some other stuff and you have different context to absorb that information from. What risk do I take per trade? So it depends where the account's at. I like to do half a percent most of the time, but I'll cut that down at 0.25% if it's in a drawdown or if I'm right around break-even.
I thought the market structure video was enlightening. You're right that it encourages overthinking. Yeah, it's a great video if you can get it for sure. But it's just, it's just so like, like it could be 20 minutes long. I swear to God. As with most of those. They're like an hour. So, add CHF. We've taken out this low right here. We'll get the monthly. Monthly looks like a barcode. So you're overall bearish.
on the weekly for an external level i would say at some point you're going to want to move back up into this region but you've traded this for about you got you took the low after that right did it yeah it did so after that you came off that low
The mean I have a clear bias I would want to see like this high and get take a displacement and if that happens I would say you're going towards Equal every up here, so you'd be bullish be nice by so you can start seeking out be counter trend to the weekly But you'll be able to start seeking out stuff up here, but until then I think it's kind of just consolidating right around that old low on the weekly so
not an ideal place to be bearish, but if I had to be, I'd probably be more short buys here. But again, this is a chart I would go, I would go to another chart. Like, I would never watch this whenever I have ES the way it looks right now. I would, it would never, right? I just, you know, cause you can look at the lower timeframes and like, this four hour looks pretty good. But like a daily to me, it's like, I look at ES, that's a very good, clean chart. So I'm not gonna really, you know.
watch anything it's not clean but I said short buys first actually look in the four hour four hour it looks pretty nice but see how I'm going I'm like oh I can see sure I can see long that's where I'm just like okay I'm done but you get 15 minute break search the upside out of this four hour BPR took that liquidity right here so
You know, again, we are expecting at some point that weekly to start to pull back because we are a bearish swing and we took out sell side liquidity here and we ran. We took it out. We ran that initial low. So, you know, with a displace of right structure, you would look for upside. Until then, you can try to use the lower time frames to time that early. But you're kind of trying to, you know, jump the gun a little bit, which it may work. And I can see how it would work. But hopefully that that reasoning explains why.
I don't pay attention to some setups like I do others. I love when you guys talk in the comments. Thanks for answering some questions, David.
Seeing a lot of people that are profitable without it, but I've recently found that a lot of people mentioning it in their analysis I felt I started to see progress and now I'm regressing because of too much information. So I could definitely deal without Just got to find a plan that works for you Sometimes too much info is no bueno. Yeah, 100% Yeah, I agree 100% with Okie You don't need to learn everything ICT teaches bias liquidity market structure ships. Yeah, literally that what?
What?
What David says that's actually really good. I'm gonna put this on the screen for those who can't Everybody you might see it, but this is a good example of what you actually need Right. You do not need to learn everything bias liquidity market structure shifts price delivery arrays power of 33 and discount and then this is the big one months of chart watching and Better set like one thing that I've started to tell people to
Start with the demo, but before you jump, don't just try to jump from a demo to a 200K funded account or something. Do a demo and then put some amount of money that you're willing to lose. That may be $20, it may be $1,000, maybe $500, maybe $50. I don't know. Everybody's different in different places financially, in different situations. Just figure out something that you could lose. You would lose and you don't care.
But load that into a brokerage and trade with it. And I swear to God, it will feel different than a demo. It's going to give you some form of like, it'll get you at least the slightest bit ready for psychological obstacles that you're going to go through.
I just realized there's I didn't even get any of these notifications damn from discord. What do I think about shorts here on Bitcoin? Um, I could see it but We're there. I'm probably not gonna chase after I definitely see it but To me, it's like trying to short the pullback like we're playboy got you guys in at a good point I think if it was up somewhere in here and there was a nice move from it I remember correctly, but I just think that the shorts are gonna be I tried to short it once so I see it
right but i just i just wait for longs if i think it's going to go down short i'm just going to wait for longs in this gap just because i'm bullish in the daily and i look at oil and then
a bearded noir i would but this stream is public um that's like the private chat or the private um signal what i'll do is at the end of at the end of this i'll when i cut the youtube stream i'll go over that and sorry guys i'm not trying to be like a dick but it's just a private signal that ever it wouldn't be fair to to share it but i will um i'll explain after that um oil so let's look at no crude i don't do this in a while
This is kind of like UJ or that CAD CHF chart. It's not where I wanted to be to make super clear, but I am looking for
along at some point so like what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna set an alarm so for me right now we're at I would like this high to get taken with displacement and close over it so I'm gonna do once per bar close and I'm gonna chill I'm gonna come back and look at it eventually but that that's what I want to see a strong push up there preferably creating a fair value gap before I think that this is gonna start going up but I overall bullish on oil and I think that there will probably be some kind of
Contemporary issue slash Something that um, yeah, this actually looks like it might be one of those order blocks for me. We'll see but
there's gonna be something I think that is gonna happen with the war or something in the world that is going to be a catalyst and I know we had trying to open back up right I think they might be still in the process of opening back up but you know there's gonna be something I think that's that's how oil usually works but overall bullish I just need more confirmation XRP pretty wiki on the daily travel this fair value gap
you know it's this is why i like it on the high tumors like i think xrp looks great i don't trade it just because it's the price action is not it doesn't really meet my style but i know that there are a lot of people trade it very well so but just like for me there's not enough fair value gaps most of the time if there is they get violated but um let's see we'll tap into that fair value gap here
Four-hour got a displacement breakdown, but it's really not holding under it. Well, if we can get, you know, bears need this to hold. They need to stay under this zone and preferably after that maybe take out this low or take out this low. I'm not saying I think that will happen because overall I think crypto is pretty bullish. Even if we get a pullback, you know, we don't know how long it lasts. But we're trading into a bullish order block.
So I see either side now the problem with me the only reason why I'm not more confident long bias is just that four-hour chart, but Overall the daily would tell me we'd look more for this up here now four three three two The higher time frames look incredible at the weekly and stuff. I mean overall it's a good spot by in my opinion shut us our trades
What time frame do I use to enter normally 1 5 or 15 minutes, but I mean We entered a trade that like for our we talk about we get a video off a daily chart You know, I'm not I'm not so linear with that, but I most of the time It's like 1 5 and 15 minutes. Yes bounce up 40 36 is also previous week mid-range Yeah, I didn't to be honest. I didn't even realize that today's my first day trading this week. I didn't mark copy Was it the previous weeks?
Okay for you 4035, but where was the 4035 of this right here ah That's good. I got not paying attention to that one funny when I don't mark how I get previous daily hire at least a lot of times I won't mark it out unless I'm posting stuff but Like if I don't like pay attention to it'll always be like the draw or something like that. It's just like every time that uh that happens
The XR PPA is disgusting. Yeah, I mean it looks good on the weekly the daily but just like it's for my strategy It's not it's not easy to to trade Natural gas, okay I Mean it, you know
I really don't see like super high value areas for it to bounce off of. Like this, this looks like it wants to just continuously go. I would say draws 240 right now though. I think you're going there. Even though I still don't see like high value areas here. It's pretty ugly. I'd say this region is drawn down though. On a weekly, I mean, there's not much to be said for this chart. A lot of this is a macro influence too.
This is what I'd be trying to trade if I was a beginner. I'm not saying that that you are at all So I'm just saying like for people watching like don't don't look up NG. Oh, okay. See I mean I can't I think you can trade on meta trader stuff too, but This is brutality unless you're just shorting Yes, we tracing your six way at a 15 minute fair value gap with a divergence smells like a short What kind of divergence?
Oh, yeah, I see it. Yeah, I can definitely see that. And again, for me, I think we're drawing up. So I'll wait on the short. I could see it. For those who are not familiar with what he's talking about or what I'm talking about. So we made a lower high there. Put a higher high there. We need a one minute maybe to confirm it. We might even get this rundown here. But if it was to short, I would be pretty aggressive with the targeting.
Usually like last this last month really I was gone for a week for vacation, but overall it's been a really great month So I'm getting when I have a great month. I get really fucking picky. I see it But I'm right way personally, but I definitely I definitely do see it for you what you see I don't know whether six way or anything I don't really use fibs like that, but I see the SMT but again, it's like in context like for me like I see it here But like I also could see that getting invalidated
you know just as likely as it working just because the overall bias for me is bullish you know while even like we could dump one five minute candle down at this right here i'm still going bullish right i'm not going to buy necessarily but like that's not going to change my bias so if i was to short it would be like pretty aggressive tps you know like the next one minute liquidity stuff like that on that note guys um bitcoin is oh so it's a bitcoin is a unicorn setup uh-oh uniform
1 hour and 15. 2,250. 2,250. You're talking about somewhere right here. Are you considering one of these a breaker? Or where's the breaker at that you're seeing? I mean, I guess I could say this, but it's already been mitigated. Unless it's somewhere else. Maybe like this? Yes, yeah, aggressive TP if you go with the short. Yeah. Definitely would be aggressive with a TP. My son's been on near.
pop up pop off the youtube then we'll go over that beer of noir if you're still here um near that one's really changed the last one like that i like this order block right here i have a letter set for it so you know for me for the crib with crypto i must have with the crypto it's like a boomer but um with crypto i'm more waiting for like the high value setup they're you know higher time frame like you know i'll wait for a week if this doesn't hit my alerts i'm gonna go off i'm never gonna look at this chart um
If you're trying to trade in today, I wouldn't be trying to do it on a bunch of also think it's better away for the high time frame setups for our and above and Trade off that for crypto, you know, there's there's a lot more precise price action found within the stock market and I don't know so like that Then speaking about into gold actually I'll do that one for you player But I'm sound good. It sounds good. But how would I do that? Not sure what?
Or david us here you guys are talking it'll take time Yeah, well david. I appreciate you answering questions
So I think that's that's pretty much it As far as the YouTube we will not be live till next Tuesday But if you want to start a trial you can use the link in the description You get access to my trade signals playboy's trade signals glacier Robbie Hunter and then also we need more streams in the private discord playboy has streams Glacier does streams hundred as streams for premium members or the member that both both crypto and
Forex or shit crypto and stock membership combined. I'm mine's blank. I care if it's private or premium, but um I do streams on Thursdays and then I also be like a private class on Saturdays where we have It's more of like a formal setting most of the time and then I have you'll get access to the whole library of I think it's 20 something 20. It's like low 20s classes So yeah, hope I see you guys the discord if not, I will see you next Tuesday. Peace
