So I'll give everybody a couple of minutes to get in here. I know it's Friday night. Usually these streams are a little less populated. Hopefully at least some of you guys are getting out of the damn house. No, I can't talk shit. I'm just sitting in the house myself.
Still holding the little runners on this Bitcoin short. I'll laugh if this was the little UTAD. I know that it's kind of unpopular opinion, but until we get above close to high, above the swing high, I'm going to still be short by us if we do push up and come to this area. So with this trade, we already cleared 20R. I didn't take it in full. It was the only trade I took in crypto this week. But I'm going to laugh.
if the um i'll be surprised if it just wicked that close and then just drops but um i will say i mean it doesn't look too hot like yeah 15 minutes bullish but um unless we start to close candles above because we still we've kind of just been liquidity rating it seems like um failing to close candles but i will say everything looks pretty strong like at this level we're at and also it's the weekend so you'll see a lot of um
crazy price action there's less retail liquidity so there's going to be a lot more of the algorithm just manipulating the fuck out of price so um yeah where it sits i'm just kind of chilling because we you know we hit that one trade and that's the beauty of having that high risk reward you don't need to trade every day and you don't need to um really chase after stuff but um if this gets back you know goes back above our position i'll wait till price returns up to
probably this level right here or the level above it. I'm going to set an alarm for that. I'm kind of just studying price at this point. I'm not really forcing anything. There was AVEX. I know I've been talking shit about not trading alts, but I will say AVEX looks fucking beautiful on the four hour if we can come back into this zone right here and clean out these equal lows. But the only thing is, though, with that,
This daily pullback. I need to refresh this chart. It's been a while. This is all old PA.
The thing is, you know, whenever we're looking at price, we're playing these relief bounces, you know, relief bounces in bear markets are some of the fucking most crazy pumps you'll see. Like, that's 100% true. But they also end very quickly and abruptly. And once they end, you know, sometimes trying to get in on the, you know, when we retrace and you think we're going to continue, you might have just been playing the bigger part of a higher timeframe move. But because at the end of the day, when I'm looking at price, like,
On the daily chart, how do we determine the daily pullbacks begin? Well, right there. That was our daily change of character. So where are we going to pull back to? You could look at POIs in a premium. We've got a fair value gap there. I'm not really a huge, huge fan of using just fair value gaps. I like using supply and demand with them.
um that being said you know really your zone would be kind of like up in this range also it's an optimal trade entry so who knows um you know you could push oh what the there we go you could push all the way back up in here i mean you know it's a stretch to say that yeah because a lot of times you won't pull back all the way into a premium like for instance um for this price one i don't think we did
Yeah, it did not. It came close, but it didn't. And if you're really bearish, as soon as price returns to equilibrium, you'll usually move away from it. Same thing if you're really bullish. Like if we look in history, we can probably find a few examples of this. Yeah, like right here. Price right into premium took off and never looked back. But what was that equilibrium? We had some kind of demand down in here, probably in this wick.
So depending on how strong our institutional order flow is, that's where you'll start to see that kind of kick in. We'll say with AVAX, you did come into this weekly demand zone. I wanted $13. I wanted this candle down there. But this theoretically is that internal range before liftoff. So you did come into this zone. I will say I'm never really a big fan when you tap really high time frame ranges just like that. It's not like you're a...
really digging into that demand so if we go the daily
We go back over here, though. The key, whenever you're using like a weekly chart or monthly chart or even a daily chart, whenever you're dissecting your zones, you want to find you want to like be cognitive of what's actually happening. You know, you can draw a huge zone. But like, what is that zone telling you? Well, it's saying there's demand somewhere in that zone. Now we can go in and find high value points of interest. So, you know, you have your extreme, your pivot point. Which is going to be your, you know, where.
You know, pivot point is pretty self-explanatory where you kind of moved up from. You could use the zone, use these last down candles. You know, preferably I wouldn't want to use this because it's kind of big zone. Maybe something like right here. Right. Because after, you know, how is this demand confirmed? Well, it was first confirmed right here because you had a break of structure. We know that we have to have a break of structure to have demand introduced. That's how we confirm that we have demand. So after that point.
You know, did we see price move into this candle? No. Did we see it move into this? There's probably a three-day order block. Yeah, three-day order block right there, that inside bar, or next to the inside bar, forgive me. But you see price broke up and it pushed back down into it. So I wouldn't use the whole zone like that, but you could maybe refine that down to the extreme. Or, you know, that's your kind of more conservative zone. Because at the end of the day, we are looking at this swing range right here. You know, I can draw it a different way.
We're looking at that swing range. It's under equilibrium. That's a good POI. But, you know, we know that just because a POI isn't priced well or isn't at the extreme, it doesn't necessarily mean it won't see a reaction. So if we look over here, you know, what was really the flip zone? I see a lot of people having problems with this. You know, they'll say this candle.
But the thing is, it's not going to be in this candle because this wick pushed into it. This demand was introduced on a lower time frame, price broke up, broke some kind of internal structure on a different time frame. Real demand was introduced in this wick, or if you want to even be crazy, you could say in that wick right there. I would personally mark the whole zone, and you can get a four-hour and fine, but this is where... This is where... Hold on, somebody's echoing in Discord. This is where we really saw...
price catapult from and what it was was a flip zone so why is this an important zone well we had our supply on the daily chart that we saw price pushed into this zone
Right. So price and then we reacted. Right. So we knew there's supply in this candle. OK, well, how exactly do we determine what a flip zone is? You guys who have been in the discord and have taken the private classes, you know that we determine a flip zone whenever we have a flip of supply from a new demand zone. So price came up, reacted and then broke through it. So what was the catalyst of that movement? And it's going to be in this week. You could draw the whole zone if you'd like.
You know, I like being a little more precise and just using like kind of like common logic of, you know, where the buy and really begin to push us through what's going to be in these wicks because we know these wicks push back, cleaning up any low time frame sell side liquidity, giving fuel to create that demand, giving us break structure. So you can see the price reacted nicely off that zone. So when that happens, you know, that.
We pair supply and demand zones with an internal change of character whenever we're looking to catch the beginning of a pullback. How do we know this pullback is going to end? Well, whenever price starts to change character to the downside. But looking here at AVAX, we have a daily change of character, so we could maybe indicate that the daily pullback has begun.
Where are we going to see the pullback to? Well, we look for POIs at or above equilibrium. So on the daily, there's not any. On the four hour, looks like we've got a flip zone up here. I would just mark the whole zone. So, you know, you could maybe watch this zone. I'll actually set alerts for this. Just watch price as it comes to that area.
You might not see it go there. We might, who knows. But I'm not going to predict that we're going to go there or try to long it to there. I get so many questions about, oh, if you have it going there, should we long to it? I mean, you know, maybe if price were to come down here and start to reverse, then I would look to long. But we don't get that. I'm not going to just think we're going to go here. I'm just going to watch it if we go there. So, you know, why is this a flip zone?
Same reason we have all flip zones. We have demand. Looks like right here, this demand was already violated when that happened, but you had demand over in this region over here. We know that's going to be our extreme where we bounce from, so we know there's demand there. We reacted to it, price pulled back a little bit, and then blasted through it. More supply was introduced within this range, followed by displacement, and that's important. With flip zones, you want to have that displacement, which is the fair value gap imbalance, whatever you want to call it.
But we know that there is institutional involvement in this candle. That's why we call those institutional candles because they're the last candle before displacement.
if we wanted to get more precise with you could just mark this personally i would watch the entire zone but um you know that's where we could maybe anticipate for that daily pullback to end now how could we you know really confirm that well we wait till a four hour reaches here and changes character you know what would be a change of character just a break of internal structure for instance if price broke down right here
That would be could be signaling the beginning of that four hour pullback. But remember, price is now bullish on the four hour. So we have here's your low. Just theoretically, if that happened, this would be your high. So we come down. Where to? I don't know, maybe in a discount and a POI after we've swept some liquidity. And then you start to see that move up maybe into this zone. And then you start. It's the same thing. It's just a cycle of using your swing structure to.
base your perspective on, give you context when you're navigating the market, and use the internal structure to determine when your pullback is going to begin and when it's going to end. So 4-hour being bullish while the daily is bearish usually indicates the daily pullback is underway. So that's something you can keep an eye on. I like AVAX. I haven't looked at Sol since earlier in the stream. We looked at it. What's up?
What's good, brother? You gotta check out Rune. Rune? That one looks nutty. I remember we were watching it when I was in this zone, too, but this zone looks like the one it wants. Right here. She hit the weekly. It was a weekly RBR. Yeah, it's fire. It looks nuts. Daily BOS, too. Oh, I'm on the daily. I just did a weekly demand. That's why. Yeah, she looks good, bro. You got this breaker right here.
I said, can I please chart near? Yeah, I'll do that one next.
Yeah, so Rune looking good on the day. Like you said, same thing. It's just this, we use these internal breaks of structure, you know, depending on how you draw it. Maybe some drew it at this high. Me, I'm more regressive with internal structure. So if I see a candle produce a candle that breaks, it's low, that's high, vice versa. So for me, that was your change of character. Actually, right here, down here was your change of character. You could have caught this a while ago if you would have used that logic. And then Price returned to that newly introduced.
demand, price return right into it, and then expand it from there. I need to change my template. For some reason, it's not showing on the daily for H4, but we've moved up in. So now looking just at a daily chart, you could really look at this daily candle right here for a POI. That's where I would look for longs. Let's look where our daily range is. Looks like it's going to be...
Does this close under it? That one's a weird one for me. I would still, I mean, it's enough of a closure for me to call it, especially when you have these lower cap coins. They're going to have a little bit fickle price action. Also, this breaker block right there is in a, what's it called? In a premium, so we can watch that weekly.
Have you broke structure on the weekly? Yeah, no. For me to want this to go really high, I would need to break a structure on the weekly. So I'd have to take out this high. What is that? 283. 2839. For the weekly, for me, it's 3481.
Oh, the way it got you. Yeah. I'm going to close you. Yeah. Well, yeah, if it closes above, I'm saying just the level is up here, unless you're using bodies. I see it at 283 right there. But yeah, if we get a push above that, that weekly fullback could be beginning. Then you have a crazy move ahead of you.
Oh, yeah, all the way up to fucking... Like seven bucks. Seven. Yeah, literally. Seven, two. Yeah, that would be fucking amazing. Yeah, the nine, this one. That's like 150% move. That's naughty. And Rune fucking moves like that too, bro. Rune will pull some shit like that. The last time I traded Rune... Actually, the last time I tried to trade it, it ran away from me. I was going to short it before the death crash, but it ran away. The last time I actually took a trade on it, it fucking...
I think they actually mooned. I remember that. Perception, you did message me. Where was this? Sorry, I've been. Said, okay, he's asked my MT4 and how the leverage and position sizing works. So I'll...
I'm guessing you're watching because you comment on here. So just to keep it short, so think about, first of all, if you need to understand pips. If you don't understand pips, go to babypips.com or on YouTube, look up some videos on it. Think of when you're using currencies, Forex currencies, every one lot you open is going to give you $10 P&L per pip. So if you have 10 lots,
and the price moves 10 pips away from your entry, you're going to be down or up $1,000 plus your spread. So the leverage is different. There's 1 to 500, 1 to 100, 1 to 30. It all depends on your broker. That's just going to be how much of your margins required to open a position. But the main thing you need to understand is pips. And I know you're saying it seems more complicated than crypto.
So the reason that crypto is more complicated on MT4 is because they have different contract sizes. So if you go to the bottom left tab, like the far left tab, it's going to say quotes. Whenever you pick your crypto, click the details and it'll give you a contract size. So for instance, if Bitcoin has a contract size of one, every one lot you're opening is one Bitcoin. So for every dollar Bitcoin moves, your P&L will move a dollar. But this can all change.
per broker i know the ftmo ethereum and bitcoin are both contract size one and the leverage is only 3.34 if i'm sorry 3.33 if you're on a regular account if you're on a swing account it's one to one so you have no leverage but um
So that's Crash Course on it. Yeah, the contract size is what gets people with crypto. I will go ahead and say a lot of crypto is kind of like for certain brokers. Like I know Hugo's Way and Prosperity. I mean, unless you're swinging crypto, like don't even worry about anything except Bitcoin and Ethereum because the spreads will be terrible. FTMO spreads aren't that bad for certain stuff, though. Dude, ADA got me in a nice entry. I was like, damn. Yeah, that could be. I would not expect that.
Yeah, exactly, bro. Like some of them are good, but some of them, uh, uh, you know, some of them can be pretty rough. You have a spread of like, you know, somewhere like 5,000. That's like literally fucking, um, you're going to be up or down like 250 bucks fucking per micro lot. It's like ridiculous. There's no, there's literally no point to even do that. Just go on KuCoin, but you know, might as well. What was it? There was another, Oh, um,
Near. That's what somebody asked for. This one's been getting... Oh, it came down this zone. I haven't charted this shit since literally it's been a month because this was the last time I charted it. That was the weekly low. So you came into this weekly demand zone. This is pretty... Honestly, I would rather this come lower the more I look at it. But you did come into this. I think it's going to be a monthly. Yeah, I mean a monthly demand zone. But that's a really wide zone. If the rest of crypto flies, you'll see...
you'll definitely see a big move to the upside just because that's kind of how crypto is. You know what I mean? If you start to see Bitcoin, everything flying, you'll get that kind of action out of near. Personally, I would want this zone down here though. But we can leave this marked up. The daily wicked into that. Now the daily chart.
We know the weekly is bearish, the daily is bearish as well, but we got that break of structure. So what do we expect after that? A pullback, you know, how can we determine when that pullback is beginning? We can use a change of character. We can also pair that with our demand zone to give us higher conviction that this is actually a pullback. So there's a daily change of character number one.
Price came back, traded into that demand zone. The demand was respected. Introduced new demand right there. We've got a new zone right there. So now you could say the daily pullback has begun. How far will it last? We look to take it to a premium, but it's not a guarantee. So you could chart out your POIs. So I see an institutional candle right here before the...
break of structure. And it's also going to be a flip zone because you tapped into this inside bar, fractal demand, reacted, blasted right through it. So that's going to be a pretty good POI. It's also an optimal trade entry if you use that. Go on the four hour. I mean, these zones like this, I'm not a really huge fan of them because it's almost like mimicking a flip zone, but you're really not breaking through any kind of recent levels. Maybe there's some kind of crazy demand back here though.
Looks like there was kind of rally-based rally demand. When you're done, look at Harmony. Got you. So, I mean, I guess you could consider that a flip zone. I mean, let's see if it really went into it.
Yeah, it actually looks like it did. So you could watch that zone. I mean, I'd watch it as an old demand zone. It's not like the best POI in my opinion, but you could watch it. You could watch the up candle. You could just watch the institutional candle. But it is right. It looks like it's going to be close to equilibrium. So, you know, because the daily is bearish at the end of the day. The four hour is bullish.
But, you know, you're just playing a daily pullback. So you have to be aware that it can change any time. So but, you know, the four hour for me is going to be my main. That's paramount for me. So if the four hours bullish, you know, I'm mainly looking for longs. I'm going to use my lower timeframes to execute and navigate the immediate direction. But, you know, I would be more comfortable to long this if we could see a retracement. So overall.
Just to recap, weekly is bearish as can be, but it doesn't mean we won't see upside action. Most everything is bearish in the weekly with huge inefficiencies to fill. So, you know, that being said, the daily pullback seems to have begun. We'd look for this to come into a daily premium and then start to sell off if we see signs of reversal in a POI.
So game plan for me with this one, if I was looking at it, I'd wait for price to come back down into one of these demand zones and start to see, you know, 15 minute break of structure. That would be what I would be looking for too long. Or if price just blasts up to these zones, I'd be looking for 15 minute break of structure too short.
But if the four hour remains bullish, I will trade, you know, in that context that we're just trading a four hour pullback and it could end at any time. So that's why it's really important to do your analysis across all timeframes because you got to be aware of everything. You know, you're always just a part of a larger timeframe pullback 90% of the time or a continuation. So you can get caught up in the storm, you know, using a 15 minute only when you're.
oblivious to what's going on in the four hour of the daily. But let's see the four hour.
Yeah, you got that break of structure right here. So what do we expect after that? A pullback. Where do we expect it? These POIs. You have a POI up here. This isn't really a value one to me because it's already been tapped into. I'd be watching up here. That's at 446. I probably wouldn't personally really mess with it until then. That's just my style. There's probably longs and shorts to be had in between now and then. What was another one? There was another fucking coin I wanted to look at. Oh, yeah. I started to. Sold.
So Sol, while the overall target for me on the weekly is still going to be $18, it looks like we've caught enough demand. I don't know what the fuck happened to this zone. And this institutional candle right here before the really big move. I mean, this is before Sol went fucking...
literally to the moon. So we know that's a high value area. We cleaned up all these inefficiencies from the major moves Sol did last summer. And now we've seen, delete some of this TA. Gotta keep that chart hygiene good. Too much shit.
One thing I will say is once you start to build up this amount of liquidity, institutions are looking at these major points on the higher timeframes. They're not on in the 15 minute. While they're leaving an algorithmic footprint there, they're not really paying attention to it. But once you start to have this much liquidity stack up to the sell side, you've got probably your PML. Let's see. No, no, no. The PML is already taken. What am I saying? I forget. It's towards the end of the month. But you've got your daily low, your weekly low, and your four-hour low.
All in the same spot. Actually, no, no, no. 4-hour low has moved. Forgive me on that. I'll move that one. But your weekly low and your daily low are also sitting above sell-side liquidity. And those equal lows we're talking about at $18. Seems like the daily pullback's definitely begun here at Sol. That was what was catching my eye the most. Let's see the swing structure.
I would still keep this as the low, personally. We got a closer there, but it's like, fuck, dude. I'd have to look across. Let's see what it does on USDT.
Okay. So that, that will give me enough conviction. I'll take that as a break of structure. And that's another thing you can do sometimes is just switch to the USDT chart. If you're on perps, because you'll see, you know, if you see a, maybe if it was a liquidity rate there, I wouldn't consider it a break of structure, but we saw that the candle body closed much higher. So now I've got here and then again here. So now your four hour range is kind of moving up pretty bullish. Everything is.
I'm going to probably not even watch these POIs as much because at that point, the four hour is going to go bearish. I'll keep an eye on them if we come down there, but no point in paying attention to those right now, in my opinion. We've got our four hour low, high we haven't put in yet. You're coming up into the supply here, but actually you came into this, respected it. I'd watch this zone.
See how you react to it? Because you have ransom draw on liquidity right here. A lot of stops were resting above that. Closed above it, though. So that's, you know, or actually, no, you haven't. Still got another 20 minutes. It looks like you're probably going to, though.
So I'd keep an eye on this zone. The four hour is bullish, so if you just did decide to short, you would just be playing a pullback. And the same thing, like when we're looking at these daily pullbacks, you'd just be looking to take it somewhere around equilibrium. Another thing you can do, too, that I've been using a little bit here lately, experimenting with, is you can use this fixed range volume profile to see and help you with POI selection. So really, I'm just going to show your value area, where money was stepping in, and your point of control.
Point of control is really not as important with crypto. I mean, it is, but I've seen it get violated too much for my liking. The main areas I like to watch are these value areas. So whenever you're selecting your POI, usually you want to be closer to one of these areas. So when I draw the fixed range, this is why I don't like volume profile, because volume profile just shows everything on your screen. So for me, that doesn't make any sense.
um because it can change pretty like if i move over here it's you know it's a lot of stuff but if i'm using it for a specific swing in price that's going to be able to tell me you know where money stepped in so something i'm still toying with um just been using the last couple days and kind of experimenting i'm not really using it for execution or anything but i do like whenever i set a poi and then there is a you know value high there um so that kind of gives me a lot of extra confidence for this zone
you know with four hour zones you guys know i like to go in and refine you know identify where the displacement began that hasn't been satisfied also we want these front running highs right here they're not equal but we do have a high an inducement high right there and similar to the setup we got on bitcoin like that's why i was very confident in that poi was because here i'll show you guys we had
I've been doing mentoring with this. I've been drawing so many fucking zones. We had this zone right here with displacement in front of it, equal highs right above it. It was refined from a four-hour zone along with a couple others. When you have a good zone like that, it can help you...
you know, kind of develop more of a conviction for that POI if you have all the checks. So for me, it's displacement. I want to draw on liquidity and get ran, you know, equal highs or a clean high. I want that to get ran before I'd start to, you know, ape into a trade and, you know, obviously want to refine it from a higher timeframe than the one we're using. This is a 15 minute zone, but it was refined from a four hour zone. So.
Always important to make sure you're in context, the higher timeframes, but I like to soul. So that's kind of what I did here. I use the four hour candle or find it a 15 minute zone. Also, it's really close to that value area high.
Right under it. So, you know, just something to keep an eye on. I'm not really going to be trading much this weekend. After we hit a big trade like Bitcoin, I'm personally not really pressed to chase anything. And especially on the weekends, you know, I like. Dude, got one, please. Yeah, I got you, bro. I'm going to do it as soon as you get on the soul. Got to wait on me, Shannon. But, yeah, with soul, basically to wrap it up.
We've got that zone up there. Four hours bullish. If you look to short it, just be mindful you're playing a four-hour pullback. So one. Wow, so I charted this. We'll just start over. I like this better. Okay, so you're in this weekly demand zone. Weekly is not really showing much strength yet. So you're going to the daily. So the daily for me hasn't given me much of a reason to think that we are pulling back. Because if you see, here is our internal high.
Actually, no. That's right here, that inside bar. You're going to be aggressive with it. So we've got an inside bar. We've got that break of structure. Price pulled back into some demand down here without taking out the internal low. So the daily is still bullish on an internal level. We haven't got that second confirmation from breaking that newly introduced demand or supply, but it's the start of the signs of a daily pullback. Daily range is going to be this right here. Institutional candle there. So let's go to the four-hour.
Really your four-hour range hasn't broke yet there
That's your four-hour swing range. They always change character, but your four-hour swing structure is still bearish. Personally, for me, I wouldn't be looking for longs here to space up my style just because I'm not going to really trade against the trend too much. Maybe something intraday, but if anything, you're in this four-hour supply zone. Not really the best POI. It did cause breaks of internal structure, but you ran under these equal lows, so you swept a lot of sell side.
15 minutes bullish coming up into it, but you did just get a change of character right here. Change of character. Price broke down. Price pushes back up into institutional candle there. You could probably refine that. Probably wouldn't take shorts on it either, but if you're asking about it for longs, I would chill on it personally. I think there's a lot of better looking charts for swings if that's the vibe you're going on. What exactly were you looking at on here?
I was just looking to swing it, honestly. I had some equity that's sitting, I wanted some that's like low, that it's not like a shit coin. Right. And one's a good project, you know, fundamentally from what I've heard. I'm not like a huge Harmony guy, but I've heard good things about it. So, you know, if you're looking at it from a fundamental perspective and you're looking at it like, okay, this hasn't started to fly yet and I think crypto is going to fly.
You know, I see what you're saying. Personally, I'd wait just because, you know, the weekly is bearish, the daily is bearish, the four hours bearish. So, you know, while other coins are kind of seeing money pump into them and seeing value flow into them, this isn't yet. So while it could just be a sleeping giant and take off, personally, I would wait. But that's just me just because I want to wait for.
I want to wait for more confirmation. Appreciate that. Yeah, I was looking at things that haven't blown up yet. Yeah, exactly. And there's nothing wrong with that strategy at all. It's just not the way personally I'd play it. You know what I mean? So what I see here, though, is this is going to be considered a weak high, possibly. So you might see that get ran.
But, you know, we haven't really changed character on the four-hour level just yet. So, like, say if you got above this high, you know, I would maybe look for a return up into this zone or even this to get ran because, you know, this high didn't do its job if price pushes back up because, you know, we saw the four-hour pullback begin right here because, you know, you got your break of structure over here.
It's the highest point up here. So then come down, get the internal change of character that signals the pullback's beginning. But then what do you get shortly after?
Internal break of structure to the downside. Price pushes up. Not really all the way into the supply I would have wanted it to, but pushed up into something. Feel this inefficiency that's right here. And then you saw another break of structure to the downside, followed by another. So now you're seeing bearish order flow in the 15-minute. Most likely, I know this zone over here, we've kind of pushed up. But at this point, I would be kind of chilling on this one.
But if you believe in it fundamentally, you think crypto is going to pump. I see the strategy there. It's totally up to you. I personally, I think that AVAX and SOL look better than fucking anything right now. Like no bullshit. But that could just be, we could just be flying up to these zones to mitigate. Another thing I want to go over. I'm glad I just remembered this. DXY. So this is AXS fuel. Yeah, sure. That quick first.
Got a weekly break, I don't know weekly, a four hour breaker block you're in right now. Pretty nasty one right there. Also a flip zone. If anything, I'd probably be looking to short this. I'm not going to trade it just because I've been focusing on majors, but I don't know. This actually looks pretty good. If you start to break down here, dude, I would maybe even take a short on this. I don't even, haven't been trading alts. I haven't got really everything I need yet.
But let's see. Can I unmute you? Yeah, I got you, bro. You are unmuted, Atufi. I was just going to ask you if you could take a look at Link. Yeah, sure. I got you. I have my own TA, and if you want to critique it and tell me what you would change, I would appreciate it. Hell yeah. Let's do it. Let me do this one first, then I got you. I'll just open a stream chat.
So here with AXS, we've got a breaker block. We have this demand zone over here that failed. We also have a flip zone right there. Price seems to be reacting to it. We also ran these highs right here. We had some equal highs, relatively equal here. A lot of buy side liquidity was removed. Then if we go to the 15 minute, God is going to make me want to trade this shit. We haven't got what I need just yet.
Really looking at this, what I'd be watching for is a break of this low right there. Price to come up on the one minute. Confirm bearish again, and I'd short it from there most likely. I might actually keep an eye on this. I'm going to be kind of chilling out, playing some rust, but might take some shorts. Big counter trend to the four hour because, like you said, I see what you're saying when you say it looks like AXS because we broke structure here. So, you know, that was really your...
Four-hour break of structure because you know here was our old swing range
Right here. That was your strong. Well, now you're strong low. I'm in your high right there. So, you know, where can we look for a retracement to? Well, we can draw a fib on the new price move and look for these POIs that are in a discount. So now you could look for really this demand zone. I don't get greedy whenever I'm trading counter trend. I'm real conservative. Like I'll take profits a lot earlier than sometimes they.
You know, Maeve should have been taken, whatever, but I'm fine with that. So, you know, this is how you build a narrative. You know, we look at, we know the weekly is bearish. We know the daily is bearish. The four-hour has switched bullish, but we can anticipate that was just the beginning of the daily pullback. You know, we might see some move down. Yeah, perception. Yeah, I play rust.
Not like a crazy, crazy good. 6,000 hours, you're a demon. That's crazy. I have probably like 100, maybe. I don't even know. I know Playboy was talking about maybe getting an official Playbit Rust server, which would be fucking awesome.
Daily pullback. I mean, this breaker, I wouldn't see this as like the ultimate reversal point. But I definitely like it because it's got my checklist, right? We are in a POI. Maybe if it even would come a little higher, I'd like it more, to be honest. Because, you know, if I draw this breaker, you know, we've got that. But I really would like it to come somewhere like up into here. But, you know, theoretically, you're in that zone if you're using the range supply. It's that last little internal range right there.
So, I mean, you're there, and the highest value would be up in here. You might get a false signal. 15-minute breaks down and then pushes. Let's look on. I'm going to refine this a little bit, and then I'm going to move to... Fuck, I too, if you will. I'll have to look in stream chat. I know you said the coin, but my mind's completely fucking blank. Honestly, both of these POIs look good. Yeah, it would be dope if you did the REST server perception. Keep saying, I want to say perfection.
Personally, these are the two POAs I'd be watching. It looks like it did react to that one. That's your institutional candle flip zone. So when we look, the reason I like these candles is because we had price form this demand. It's almost like we were looking at the four hours. So I just want you to look at this. We have this demand in this candle, and it's a failed demand zone. We also have this right inside of it. Price came to demand, and it bounced off of it, and then you see heavy displacement. See this wick right here?
Huge run. The only reason that wick is because it cleaned out a lot of liquidity. That was a massive break of structure. Another reason why I like the zone. Displacement after it. I'm not really the greatest draw on liquidity right in front of it, but you do have some equal highs down here. So liquidity has been swept recently. So I'd watch both of those zones. If you start to get a 15 minute break of structure. There you go. I like right that. I'll keep an eye on this.
But let me go to stream chat so I can see where you... Link, that's what it was. I remembered it now as I was looking at it. Chain link. It's TA. Went farther than I wanted it to. It's been a while since... Did it even break its four-hour low? I still want it to come down to this zone eventually. It's a $5 zone. I'll go ahead and just delete it and do it from the top, though. So I see yours. So I'm going to look at yours first four-hour.
So I'll show you one thing that I would have done differently personally. The choach you have that's right here.
So I would have said if you were using that mapping style, I would have said this was the high because it was the first candle to break a low. So that would have been that. And then I also would have said that this was your actual internal high. Because when I'm looking at internal structure, I look at it on a candle-to-candle basis because we know what is a candle's job. What's a low's job is to break a high, vice versa. So we know here we have a high because we broke a low right there. So we come down.
break lows, break lows until we don't. So here's the part, this is the beginning of a pullback. And then we have a new leg in price because we broke that low. So here was your internal change. And then if you see, price right here happened very quickly. Here was your demand zone, price came up, went right back into it immediately. And this is where you could have said on a 15 minute, you know the replay, on a 15 minute once price came into here, oh, the 15 minute switched.
Polish and this is if you're layering it. Let's see if price even came back down into the zone or not Yep, see what it did
So there you go. That's how you use the four hours. That's how you could have gotten that a little more aggressive. That's what I see a lot of people I work with. They're kind of using the choach a little late because the choach change of character is meant to be aggressive. You got to be aggressive. So it's like you're looking at it for a practical perspective of like when is a high taken because that's showing us, you know, BFIs have bullish intention. So that being said, you know, also when you look at the four hour, let's see.
Jesus Christ, what a fucking swing range. This was your swing range in the four hour the way I would have personally drawn it. So you broke down there. So really, you've got a massive fucking range. But, you know, because this is all bearish theoretically, but this is going to be a weak high right there. So that's probably going to get clapped.
Because we didn't move into a premium. We did move into a premium a little bit, actually, right at equilibrium. But this high failed to do its job and take out the weak low. So now it is a weak high. So that could be targeted. You know, this is how you build that story. You know what I mean? We know the four hours is bearish. We know the daily is bearish. Weekly is bearish. But we have this weak high. Price is changing structure, changing character. You've also got demand. I see you marked an H1 demand zone right here.
i would have done a little different because to me that got clear right there whatever was in there got swept so now i move it over because new demands introduced so bam then maybe something's in this wick right okay tapped here i guarantee this is an inducement low so we can go into like a 15 minute and see what was actually down here okay
This would be really your order block ICT logic. It was when the sell side was beginning to be offered. So now price moved down. Let's see if this is the zone we reacted to. It is. We respected it, filled it to a T, and then new demand was introduced in that four hour.
right there. We know that because we have a break of structure. Price came up, wicked right back into it. That 15 minute gave you confirmation. You could have took a trade in there targeting weak highs, equal highs, whatever you want to target. You did just remove a shitload of all these equal highs just got swept today. Keep an eye on that because you are bearish in the four hour. You don't want to just take it to Valhalla here. I know Playboy got you guys some nice gains on this.
I know you guys have taken some trims too, but personally, you know, it looks like you're still engineering the buy side up here. I always say fucking sell side when I'm trying to say buy side. I'm just so used to fucking.
The sell side being engineered lately, but it looks like you're leaving some equal highs. So, you know, we might be expecting a little bit of a pullback. 15 minute, you got to break a structure right here. Also remove that liquidity. So you could expect a pullback. It seems like this might've been a liquidity rate. You can see how we didn't close above it. And then you have this ICT setup, which would be on the one minute or the lower timeframes above that old 15 minute high or structural liquidity.
You push up, and then you see that internal change of character with displacement. It'd actually be right here. And you got faked out once here.
Because we came up here. Here was your internal low. Probably didn't get stopped. Because, you know, you could have taken a trade. You know, scalp trade. You could have taken it just in this fair value gap. Stop loss above this high. You would have got pip to meet. Like, literally, it has equal highs there. But, you know, it's literally 6.182 or 6.812. But you guys know we always do three pips. So, that's kind of why we do that. So, you would still be in the trade here. Or, you know, theoretically, you took the second sell because there was more obvious displacement.
and you never really got in yet. But looks like a liquidity raid, the 15 minutes due for a pullback. Also on the weekly, whenever we have this kind of stuff down here, this is my weekly target. I'm personally not going to be satisfied until we get down here. I want that.
So now I'm not saying I wouldn't long it ever, but this is where I would want price to return to, down into this range. So that's kind of where I'm at with that.
But, um, the TA looks good. You know, it looks good. The four hours or the H1 supply you're in right now. I don't really use the one hour. I don't like it. The reason I like using the timeframes I do is because they're kind of equally fractal. My main timeframes I use because we have 16, 15 minute candles in a four hour candle.
And then we also have 15 one minute candles in a 15 minute candle. So the fractal nature of price that we're perceiving is proportional. So, you know, if I'm looking at 16 data sets in a four hour, okay, I'm looking at 15 minutes. I'm looking at 15 data sets of my execution timeframe. That's just how I personally do it. And I also like simplicity. I don't want to have fucking 50 timeframes. I think that just causes you to like force shit.
Overall, looking at this four-hour, though, I like this zone up here. You know I love these inside bars. You'd be taking out that weak high, draw on liquidity, displacement filled. I mean, that'd be, like, ideal fucking area. I'm actually going to set alerts for this, too. You guys got me looking at alts again. Oh, I'm in fucking replay mode. Hold on.
Oh, that's funny. I was in replay. It did get taken already. That's fucking funny. I was looking at your chart and I was like, that looks different. Maybe he's in a one hour. No. Okay. So that's, that's actually pretty funny. I still like this zone though. But the week high, I guess that just proves the point. It did get taken, but we didn't close above it. And you see this massive displacement in the market afterwards. That was like, I think this is where we were just marking those fucking shorts and shit over it was.
But, um, or maybe that was a, I don't know what coin that was or if it was this one, but you've got this supply zone. Now the one you draw, this makes more sense. Now we haven't really got what I would want. You got faked out a couple of times. This is why I like refining zones. Cause for instance, if you didn't refine the zone, you had a valid cell off this area.
You know, you probably came, price came up in your zone. You started to see that one minute break of structure. You maybe caught somewhere, you made a little money, but probably didn't. Then it pushed back up, happened again here. But it's all because when you look at, it's a very clear area where the selling really started, giving that candle. And none of these candles had reached it, but you do see that here. Now you're kind of seeing that sign of, that first sign of weakness. Price has introduced new supply.
The one minute already came into it. This already gave an entry. So for instance, after it came into this zone, like this up here, I would have just market shorted it on that right there. That'd be enough for me because the four hours bearish, we cleared the week high, removed your liquidity.
You know, you have this internal Logan taken out in a 15 minute right over here. The one minute returns to origin. And now we go down. You know, that's kind of the logic I would see there. Let's see if Bitcoin, what is it doing? It came so close to stopping out the runners. I'm going to laugh if this just fucking pisses from here. That'd be hilarious. And this is a great example of a liquidity rate set up too.
So you have price pushing up above that high, a structural liquidity and a 15-minute swing high. And what does it do? Pushes up. It didn't even close a one-minute candle there. This is literal fucking straight out of ICT. Break of internal structure right there with displacement. The fill of the IPA. I mean, it's like perfect.
You know what I mean? So, and that would lead you to target. Usually that's used on indices or forex and you'd usually target just liquidity below. You've got pretty clear draw on liquidity right there, equal lows. So, you know, if this nature continues, you'll probably see this cleared out. You've also got demand right under it. So that seems like a pretty good narrative to me. See something like this, just moving down and then.
that's where your decisional point would be. If you were going to reverse, you get that same style, that same setup, just the lower timeframe, internal break of structure. That's really going to be your best friend. But the four hour is still bearish. So somebody said, can I show an example of a BOS after tapping into a supply zone that I'd enter off of? Yeah, we'll go over to the trade. We gave this live on, I think it was Monday or Tuesday. What was the day?
21st. So that was on Tuesday. So Bitcoin, we had identified our POI. We refined it from a four hour zone. We had our 15 minute zone over here. It was a flip zone. So we broke through that demand. I love flip zones. We had displacement and we had equal highs. We had our draw on liquidity front running our zone. Nice supply zone right here. So once price came up into it.
we ran even we engineered more buy side liquidity here price ran up into it as soon we did this live as soon as this price broke down we had an opportunity you know at that point i have um you know every reason to look for a short it's all my checks it's like okay check drawn liquidity liquidity cleared price and higher time frame poi internal break of structure
Now on the one minute we got stopped out once because we didn't refine the zone. I don't ever refine that first 15-minute zone. I just do the candle Price went up into it. We got
We were watching. We broke structure once, and I was waiting to see if we'd tap into here or if we broke this low first, whichever one happened, accompanied by bear structure, I would enter. We entered here. We got stopped out right here. That's okay. Losses are part of it. And then we waited for price to pull up into a refined zone. Same thing. We broke structure, entered the trade. Here, I'll go ahead and turn this on so you can see it.
Here was the first trade we took right there. We got stopped out almost immediately. It's okay. People were like, oh my gosh, but it's part of it. If you're using low timeframes for execution, you're going to have that happen. You just have to be convicted in your POI and in your strategy. It's important to know what's up if you're going to use low timeframes, but we then see that price immediately. That's how you know you had a good zone. We watched that. This is the newly introduction of true supply coming to the market. We have our high timeframe supply.
respected, followed by an introduction of our 15-minute supply, right? Followed by an introduction of our execution supply, which then gives us, you know, that's where we enter the trade. No thoughts, no emotions. If you lose, you lose, whatever. We entered and you can see it worked out super nice. We secured 20R on that and it's still open. I would fucking die if this just like stayed right there and just Bitcoin just tanked. That'd be fucking, that'd make my fucking night. But,
20 are secured off a setup like that. You're not going to get that every day, but you hit one of those a week, you're going to be making great money over time.
I said, where would you place the stop loss? Depending on whatever time frame you're using for execution, you're going to place it above, you know, and everybody has different styles. For me, I was over here on the one minute. I just placed the stop loss above my original POI. So this was the 15 minute POI. You know, some people would have placed the stop a little tighter like this. They would have placed that right there.
Personally, with crypto, you know, the risk reward was good. It really depends on my target. You know, maybe if my target was really close, I would have had a tighter stop. But, you know, I'm playing the higher timeframe story. So, you know, we didn't really need to have much more. I mean, this is a 0.4% stop loss. So I just use the newly introduced supply on the 15. I use that high.
Let's see if some people either ask me some stuff. Oh, AXS. One just got hacked for one mil. Oh, shit, Hunter, I just saw that. Okay, well, there you go, Sanon. I want to buy no equity.
Nah. That's probably a... Yo, that's glitches. Yeah, good shit, Hunter. That's probably a great reason why... Oh yeah, somebody's posting it below. The Harmony team has identified a theft occurring this morning on the Horizon Bridge amounting to approximately... 125x shorts. Holy shit.
Yeah, that's pathetic. Oh, somebody asked for YFI. My bad, dude. Literally. When I say dude, that's this guy's name. For people watching YouTube, his name is The Dude. I haven't looked at fucking YFI in the grip, dude. Oh my god, this shit is fucking under 10k. Yeah, I know whenever Andre left Crypto, this probably took a fucking beating that was over here. Jesus Christ, bro. This is where you initially switched bearish there.
Let me break his structure. Who's Andre? Andre Kron. He was like the fucking godfather of DeFi is what they call him. He helped with, he helped start YFI, I think. I don't know if he started it. Let's see. He's a developer. He's like a genius.
I don't want to read all of this. I don't think he's the actual owner, the only guy. He had a partner, this Danny guy, but they basically... Oh, he is the founder of Wi-Fi. Sorry. So there you go. But he helped with FTM. All of DeFi, basically, he kind of really just...
spearheaded a lot of the concepts behind liquidity pools um not really the ideas for defi dude's a fucking goat but he basically um backed out of crypto said he's done it like three times like you could see that one hold on he's literally like had this public fucking uh this is linkedin it's the first thing that comes up but he's had these public fucking
departures with crypto like multiple times like out defy again so he's done this shit because he just says he hates the way that crypto what it's become he hates how there's like
There's so many scams and, you know, I see what he means because he created DeFi and then DeFi is just like, there's a ton of fucking bullshit with DeFi. But I personally wouldn't even do anything except maybe trade this on leverage. I would never think about holding equity in it. But, you know, you've got your weekly high. Let's see the monthly because it might not. And you've already cleared your PML.
Weekly break of structure, so we've got our weekly range. Can you imagine 5X-ing Wi-Fi all the way up to 90K, bro? There was somebody, a lot of you newer guys don't know, his name's Luciano. Oh, yeah. He got Wi-Fi at like 30 bucks, bro. Yeah, that's just crazy. Yeah. It was like telling people to buy it, like 30 fucking dollars. That's some wild ass shit. Yeah, bro. It went to like 100K, didn't it? Yeah, 95K.
You can go back and play. We were literally shorted YFI up here, bro, and got pip-wicked out by a percent, and then this happened.
So it was fucking true pain. I'll never forget. That's literally the last time I traded this coin. And not for that reason, but I remember it. That's so sad. Yeah, it was terrible. The thing of the weekly here, you have no hope. We're talking about changes of character. Literally, this is where your change of character is. So you need to make...
another low you need to clear out this low to even have a hope of having any kind of weekly structure this is one of those coins where i look at i'm like this shit might actually be going to zero just because um you know they've they're hella behind like they were the leaders of defy at one point you know they're absolutely just completely falling behind the greatest mind behind their team is gone you know on top of that defy is really not the uh
the hottest space whenever crypto is fucking dying so i mean with that being said you got weekly supply up here weekly's bearish um the daily i don't even know what the fuck to say about like
Like, is this a pullback? You know, it's like, fuck, bro. I'd almost say this is your swing range on the daily, I guess. When I see stuff like this personally, I stay away from it because I just don't like the price action. And there's so much stuff to trade where I'm like, if I feel, I used to try to like force it, but yeah, I don't know. I don't really.
care enough to do that anymore. But there's so many coins out there to trade. So looking at this, you know, you've got your daily change of character right here. This rocket ship up. You cleared out a lot of this buy side liquidity, these relatively equal highs. Daily institutional candle right above it. 4-hour hasn't really got a change of character. I mean, dude, that sit is disgusting.
Look at that. Right off that fucking institutional count on the 4-hour refined from the daily institutional candle. Why is my volume not working? Okay, there it goes. Dude, yeah. Honestly, it'd probably be a nice-ass short.
I mean, not here. I wouldn't chase it. But I don't know. For me, I mean, until my Bitcoin short, like the runner gets stopped, I'm really just not pressed to like search for other plays right now. But I will say that fucking AXS looks spicy, bro. I'm not even going to cap. Yeah, as far as Wi-Fi, to recap it.
Probably the worst chart we've looked at tonight. This looks like a huge scam pump clearing out those relatively equal highs right into that four-hour inside bar. Definitely got a reaction. You've got the highest volume you've had all year by like twice.
So, yeah, take that. That would be a scam pump five or so. And, you know, you traded what, about 48,000 YFI when your average is probably like, I don't know, let's see.
5,000. So, you know, exit liquidity. I don't know. Andre's about to dump the bag on you. But you maybe could short this. Honestly, it's pretty good. I would wait for a return up, you know. So, like, what would have been the trigger? Would have been, here's your internal low. That's really the first one. Super aggressive. I don't, like, this was, no, actually, no. It was right here. So, internal break of structure right there. You know, wherever you deemed there was supply in here.
You could have just said the last up candle. Could use this whole zone. Could have refined it. I would have probably just did something like this. Because again, I'm not going to play that. I'm going to play the one minute when it comes into that zone. So then we look. Okay, price. After the break of structure, not over here. So after the break of structure, when we come to the zone here, did we sweep liquidity? Absolutely. Are you in a refined zone? Yes. So at that point, it seems like when are you going to get a sign of weakness?
Not there. Right here you got it. So then you would look for your supply. It would be these last two candles. But you got wicked out if you used a stop here. Weird price action. If you wanted to use a wide stop. That's what I was saying with the Bitcoin trade. Ideally, using the same concept on the Bitcoin trade, my stop would have been fucking up here. But here's the thing. That may look fucking ugly when you look like this. But remember.
we're looking to short the fuck out of this shit. So it's like those huge stops. Don't worry about percent, literally. Percent means absolutely fucking nothing. That means absolutely nothing. You know, if you have a 5% stop loss, that doesn't matter if your target is fucking, you know, however many, you know, let's just see where this would be. If we just shorted the equilibrium of this range, it's probably gonna be a little less.
See, I wouldn't take it. I mean, it's a 4R, but a 4R would be that big of a move and that much work with the one minute. But theoretically, it's a good trade. Everything's proportional. So if you have a position that you're up 300% on, does it really matter if your stop loss was 100%? That's the same thing as taking a 3R trade, which you can catch intraday. It takes 20 minutes. So with this, I wouldn't really mess with it.
Everybody looks at it like, oh, dude, this is going to dump. It's like a huge movement, but that goes both ways. The sooner you get percents out of your head, the more money you're going to make. The only percent you want to worry about is your actual portfolio growth, not your position growth. What's Bitcoin doing?
Pushing back up. Bitcoin's been strong lately. When you're coming through this zone, I was kind of anticipating these lows get taken, but I don't know if we'll rush up above. I was honestly surprised right here. I was pretty surprised when we didn't clear above that because you're forming kind of like these relatively equal highs too. So you're really engineering both sides of the range.
Right there, you got equal highs. You got equal lows. But to me, where I get biased is, okay, well, what's my four hour telling me? Four hours tell me we're bearish.
So, I mean, until we break above this high, I'm bearish on the four hour. So I'm going to lean bearish. You know, when you're using liquidity rates, you know, it's, you definitely want to use it, um, with the higher con timeframe context in mind. But also when I look here, um, you know, the swing range we have right now for me, this is why I like using candle closures. Um, we have right here, we had a liquidity raid, right? Look at that.
Just two liquidity rates. So everybody's looking like, and this is just different styles. People are going to say, you know, here, here, here. But to me, all of this is just weak lows because they didn't create a new high by my standards. My standard, I need to close, which I'm not getting. So if the lows aren't doing their job and they're equal, so they're engineering retail stop losses, I've also got this trend line liquidity. I really wouldn't even worry about that.
there actually. But I got those equal lows right above this demand. So even if we are to remain bullish, I'd almost want price to come down here. We'll see. Like I said, I'm not really going to chase a trade over the weekend, especially while we're still in one. We've had a great week. So I know between, fuck, between Playboy's call, Flo's call, and my call, you have no fucking reason to be degenning through the weekend. Absolutely no reason.
So, yeah, guys, on that note, I'm going to hop off here and enjoy my Friday night. I encourage you guys to do the same. I appreciate you all coming through, as always. Any more questions, just at me, chat, tweet me, YouTube, comment, whatever the hell you want to do, and I'll get back to you as quickly as possible. But until Monday – actually, no, no. Sorry, guys. For those of you who don't play a bit, we'll be doing our class tomorrow at 1 p.m. Eastern. So I will see you guys there. Peace.
