what's up what's up i'll give everybody a second to hop in here what's up what's up mr taylor what's up caravan oh man i'm still kind of like learning who you guys are through youtubes i know who you two are um other guys sometimes i can tell sometimes i can't i'll go ahead and get this started there's already a good amount of people in here
So, we've had a hell of a last, I guess it's been two weeks, has it? Yeah, it's been a hell of a last two weeks. I mean, yeah, what can we say? It's been pretty crazy, right? Despite World War III and all this different stuff. I mean, we've came out and now we've cleared these highs of the range we're in right now, right?
And I just took a look at total, by the way, this is the total market cap. We look really, really good. Here's really what's going to be kind of the, I guess, true test is how we react to some of these mitigation levels for the upside, right? On Bitcoin, it's right at 50K. And also how we react around all this liquidity up here, right? Because there's a ton of liquidity in the market in general once we hit about 2.3 trillion, right?
A lot of liquidity up there, and that's going to be in the form of majors like Bitcoin or Ethereum. Also, this is the same kind of zone as right around this 50K for Bitcoin. This is where you're going to, and then above these highs, right? So that being said.
Whenever we first had this massive, I guess, flash crash right in here, and just this general downtrend, those of you guys who've been here for a while will remember this. I was telling people, don't trip out. I mean, we're basically just returning to origin, right? Of the same consolidation that sent us to our second round of all-time highs in this last market cycle. So this whole crash was necessary for sustainable upwards growth, right? I mean, we're literally high or low.
you know, on like the weekly, we just put in a higher low. That's all we did, right? So when you sort of freak out, kind of just zoom out. Now we did get our minor breakup structure here. Depending on how you look at it, if you're on a four hour, this would really be your major breakup structure on the total market cap. Now,
you know kind of now what now what right so i'm going to go ahead and add some of these extensions these are never just something to bet on completely right uh you know um it's pretty crazy it'd be pretty crazy to see the full extension right but oftentimes you will see a 200 and say and this is just me back testing if you don't see a full 200 on the first expansion if you do maintain structure right and you get reaccumulation
which it's seeming, I mean, this is just ugly reaccumulation. That I will say, right? It's not the prettiest reaccumulation. If anything, it looks like the highs are being a little more manipulated. But usually in this structure, if it were redistribution, you wouldn't look for price to break over this first high after we broke down into this range. You know, you'd usually look for maybe one flush above it, but not after we had tested multiple times to the downside.
I wouldn't bet the farm on crypto going to all-time highs just yet, but we are looking a lot better than we have in recent months. You know, I mean, if this was just a return to origin and we expand from here, you know, you could be looking at a new high for crypto market cap, right? Yeah, that's one thing I did want to touch on. So I'm going to delete this. And now that we're looking at the daily timeframe, down here in...
if you draw the range like this we've broken out take off some of these extensions
So if you're looking at this range here, you know, you've got a pretty nice setup, right? The same setup we use to find a lot of these trades, which is you have that bullish price action and you get that break of structure, right? You're going to go to the nearest area of liquidity, whether it's here, maybe it's up here, right? We're probably going to go up in this region. After that, if not before that, I would look for a retrace, right? And then for the next highs. And why would I look for price action like this?
this liquidity there's a lot of supply in the market right whales are going to be taking their profits and we still need to return down and mitigate these levels down below um you know from a macro perspective we have a daily order block right here we also have some liquidity down here right um time will tell how we react to the supply up here
You got a high time frame order block and then a lot of liquidity up above. Right. So most likely going to see a retracement, you know, if not now, because, you know, really right here was your major external range liquidity. Right. Now, that being said, scaling into the four hour, I will say this actually looks pretty bullish. One hour looks even better. And this is a good.
depiction of what's seeming to be reaccumulation, right? You're starting to have these rounded bottoms, right? You're clearing out liquidity as you go. Oops. All right, we cleared out liquidity there. Immediate expansion confirmed by what? A change of character, right? So we have on the very low timeframe. So you have one break of structure here, one break of structure here.
he reacted nicely in that low time frame demand zone you know confirmed by what more breaks of structure here and here right we're also engineering more liquidity to the upside in the form of these semi-equal highs right right here so we're looking pretty good to continue um that goes along with um the notion that we might be looking for liquidity up in this high time frame order block um i wouldn't have been surprised to just see us kind of fall from
uh where we're at right now but regardless we did break structure here and i will be looking for a retracement down to these um down back to fair market value of this range um that's where i think we're going to get a lot of really good entries if the market will give them to us we have some set uh you guys know we have a couple different limits set like for instance avax oh wow this is moving strong we broke structure up here this profit target will actually get
updated but i do want to look for a retracement back down to this liquidity and you know with crypto you get left in the door sometimes on those and it's okay right we don't chase we've been eating this whole time we've gotten to tons of positions all the way down in this discount region so um but yeah i would look for a retracement here soon and probably a shift of wealth into
I want to say that I think we're going to see an NFT bull market with, if we can get crypto to move up into these supply zones, people are going to start taking profits a lot of the time. And where are they going to put it? Well, that's when you can expect Ethereum DeFi to pump. That's when you can expect other digital assets to pump, right? Like JPEGs, NFTs.
that's that's more speculation there's no way i can chart that that's kind of just my thought process on it but one way or another i think we're coming up into this zone right here and that's based off of the obvious supply there in the daily time frame and then the low time frame is looking pretty bullish in the current region we're at right we do have a lot of liquidity down below so
You know, here's where you kind of just have to wait for confirmation. Personally, I'm not longing a bunch of stuff up here. So I'm not really too, too worried about it. But just, you know, getting a gauge of the rest of the market. There's a lot of liquidity down below here. Also, you've got this high time frame fair value gap here. High time frame order block on the four hour. So yeah, definitely stuff to keep your eye out for.
i'm gonna go let's just i'm just gonna go down the list honestly of uh some of these coins we have limits on ada they're on a different chart um we've actually just went over dot we got limits on same thing on crv dash i want this to manifest we'll see um i don't know if we'll see this much of a retracement here with dash but um
On the daily. That was in the weekly, though. I mean, I will say that this is looking... It looks pretty good, honestly. It's trying to get higher, low, higher, low, higher, low. Low time frame accumulation, it's looking like up here. A reaccumulation, right? Maybe looking like a retracement down into this area to sweep up this liquidity. Although, I'm not really...
It's not something that's super appealing to me as far as opening up any positions. ENJ has been flying. And mainly at this point, whenever the market's in this condition, the only thing I would really look for is coins of value that are lagging. Playboy called one out to you guys earlier. Adam, I actually have had my eye on Adam as well. I like Adam where we're at. This chart's fucked up. I need to go to a different one. I'll cover that in a second. But Adam is one example of that.
XLM, I mean, we're flying, absolutely flying on XLM. Acro, we're already in Acro. It's moving along really nicely. Algorand, let's see how we're looking. I'm just curious. We're still in this, but I'm starting to see more signs of a pullback here at the Algorand.
Maybe into this region down here and what I'm looking for a lot of the time is just ranges on the one hour So like if I look at this, you know, I see rounded top rounded top rounded top lower high lower high, right? also it looks like Not really any kind of super clear liquidity to the downside But if we're on the 4-hour we do have some liquidity in the form of trend actually might even swept up Yeah, I wouldn't really call it trendline acquitted anymore
But I could see a retracement. Maybe just back down to this range here or this range here. You're just looking at potential zones where we consolidated that might have some liquidity left within. So that's about it for algo. AXS, this shit went crazy. What's funny, and I didn't even know this, I was just going over the technicals. I saw on Twitter people were joking about shorting AXS around the same time we longed because...
The Ronin Network, somehow there was an exploit worth $600 million or something. Let's take a look. Hold on. $600 million was exploited on the 23rd. And we got into these longs. We had been in them, actually. But it's funny because on the 23rd, it started flying.
which is odd, which would almost lead me to believe like low timeframe redistribution. It's just a weird perspective to pump like that on news that is that bearish. North of a half billion dollars hacked. But it's a good example of technicals always win, right? Obviously, we could have held this one a little longer. I mean, we hit it for 28%, well, 27. So I'm not mad at it, but I'll probably chill on AXS for now.
ksm we're still in this is looking i mean this massive spring right off of our entry zone here right um high time frame narratives playing out at this point you just let it do its thing i would look for liquid sweep up this liquidity right here also coming up on psychological 200 um 200 not the ema for those of you that can't maybe see this um
Yeah, I would chill on this if you're not in it. I think that we're obviously eating off this already. I mean, it's up around 50% right now on just equity, so can't be mad at it. Bitcoin sitting right in a supply zone, right? We went over this a little bit last night. I will say, though, this...
Looks bullish, right? Why do I say that? Well, yes, people might say, oh, we're getting lower highs. What I'm seeing is liquidity being manipulated, right? And price is consolidating, right? And when price is consolidating, we're always looking for what?
expansion right that's that's the only place you go from consolidation is expansion now whether that expansion is part of a larger retracement or maybe it's part of a reversal you're going to expand it's only choice you have after consolidation so
And we're looking at our RI. And we do have some liquidity up above we haven't tapped into. So I would not be surprised to see us get up into this 48.6 after a little bit of consolidation. What I would like is for us to move sideways here for maybe at least through the weekend, right? Get that normal Sunday dump. That would be amazing because that's going to give some time and room for these alts to flourish. And you need Bitcoin to be stable. Any of you guys that have been with us throughout the last bull run, you know how it goes, right?
I got an LRC. I'm going to go ahead and do that. I just now saw that comment. And yeah, Brave browser does go hard. I actually just started using it in like the past month as the wax bot that I have. Chrome kept refreshing the page and messing it up. But let me just get rid of this. But yeah, I like Brave a lot. I've actually earned like a decent, I mean, it's nothing crazy, but like that's like, what's bad? It's like a dollar or something.
That's like 91 cents. I mean, it's obviously, you know, it's not paying the bills, but the concept of, what the fuck? The concept of, you know, getting any kind of money from that's pretty cool, if you ask me. Back to LRC.
Obviously, all the GameStop news. And then another thing too, layer two Ethereum scaling solutions are going to be the future, right? I think that if you don't understand how they work or don't have any exposure to them, you're fucking up. That's why I got us into IMX. It's personally my favorite other than Matic.
You know, honestly, LRC here, no bullshit. I'd be looking for a pullback. There's a lot of fundamental news. I mean, I wouldn't short it. You could maybe see a run up to some of the supply. I mean, you've cleared these equal highs right here. All right. All that's cleared out. So got that break of structure. You could probably look for a return to origin of this range, which is going to be.
Right here probably find a better entry. I mean I wouldn't play this one of two scenarios gonna happen You're gonna either go straight for this liquidity up here, right and then fall down Maybe here and then I would probably look for more mitigation and then more of a downtrend The reason I say that is you've got I mean massive liquidity down here
Then again, that's a huge drop. I mean just looking at the chart right which usually doesn't fail me I would look for something around this right here, right? I Wasn't short it by any means to that I just not wanting to delete So just didn't want to group those but yeah, I wouldn't short it or anything like that
There's a lot of fundamental stuff going on for loop ring. I would probably look for some ride in this region right here.
This is how you narrow stuff down, right? Because remember that daily, this all was an order block, right? This is why, I mean, daily order blocks definitely hit. They do. And if you have good risk to reward on them, go for it. But if you are trying to get the best entries, you're going to do so on the one hour or lower. I don't recommend going any lower in a five minute. Here, this is how I would, actually, I would use this candle right here. And this is another nonlinear approach.
application of using order box you know because everybody that's new to order box will argue and say oh dude that's not the right one the candle after it didn't break structure you know what we're looking for is um last manipulation of retail before expansion and you're looking for the higher amount of volume within said candle right we have a bigger candle more volume that's going to be my level
You know, this gives you a much better risk reward. If you guys watch my video I posted yesterday, you'll understand why that's important because you're going to be able to go much heavier than, say, if you would have got in up here. Right. If you would have got in up here, your position size would be much smaller if you're doing this correctly. Right. Because here you got a stop loss right under these lows. Right. Six percent rather than stop loss of 16 percent. So.
pretty important to always do that. But if I was a buyer in Loopring and I was looking to get an entry, I would probably set alerts. And I actually might set some alerts here because I haven't traded Loopring since it's gone fucking bananas. Just set some alerts to scale in, right? Not everything has to be limits, especially when you're on the daily because you never can forget the high timeframe narrative. And I will say, why does this look tilted?
I will say that there is some pretty clear liquidity. Actually, maybe I was looking at that when I was kind of zoomed in like this. They look more equal. I mean, you did fill in this whole fair value gap here. Not really much of an imbalance. The only thing really would lead me to believe that you'd be going to the downside.
I mean, you do have some liquidity here. I don't know though. When I look at it, if we give some bullish price action right under equilibrium here in discount, I would look for some longs, maybe some equity, right? Some of these coins, you don't even need to fucking long. I mean, and if you do, just don't overdo the leverage. But yeah, you have a massive fucking opportunity here. Because I mean, theoretically, if you're on the daily, say if we come up here, hopefully a long...
Your dream, if you're a bull on LRC, would be you to form equal highs up here, right? Engineer some more liquidity up there. That would be your first target other than the highs that are left for you along the way down. So that's kind of like my thesis on LRC. I'd be looking for longs under a dollar. So what's the next one? Matic.
We're still in Matic as well, and it's playing out beautifully. Full target for me for Matic, and no doubt in my mind we're going to $1.94. That's all she wrote. That's that. I mean, I really haven't looked for entry in Matic because we got, I mean, about as good as it gets. Right here, I think we are off by what these limits were.
I don't know, 3% off, right? So it doesn't get much better than that. Low timeframe looking good, right? Accumulation right here. Five minute, make it clearer. 15 is probably better actually. All right, you're getting these rounded bottoms, right? Expansion to downside, clearing out liquidity, right?
Our early longers got fucked. Well, actually, if they took profits correctly, they hit one of their take profits and probably got stopped at breakeven over here. Seems like this is the level we wanted to reach.
So you're mitigating liquidity to the downside. Really from here, you shouldn't break this low, or I would look for much lower levels, probably somewhere like down, maybe in this region. Because all this is is cleaning up liquidity, cleaning up liquidity to expand more of the upside. And with this one, it's more of the high timeframe narrative for me. I mean, like I said, we're going up into this area right here. The reason I say that, with these harmonics, you almost...
always will see a 50% actually I would maybe even look for a higher level you almost always see a 50% retracement right on the sharks and crypto I mean it's like every fucking time um so yeah Maddox looking really good I mean this daily candle is moving strong already so um what's the next one
That's funny. I just realized you just said Matic is fire. I didn't even ask for TA. Filecoin. I know HUD's had you guys fucking eating off this shit.
You have massive return to origin all the way back down into this zone, right? Which was back in 2020, pre-bull run. You returned all the way to origin of that zone. Saw a nice bullish price action on top of it. Cleared out liquidity. Expanded the upside. I mean, next target would be up here. Also, the old 200% extension. It's kind of odd how that works out. 29.68.
Would I long it here to that? Fuck no. But if you're in longs, that'd be one of your final targets. I mean, realistically, up here at $31, too. Well, we're not looking as clean as some of these other charts, but nothing bad. Next stop, though, for sure, probably is $29.68. ZRX, and yo, what's up, CivCell?
Honestly, just at a glance, this looks amazing. Whatever chart I was just telling you. This is a very good example of reaccumulation, right? Also, why people call stuff a bull flag, right? This looks like an ugly bull flag, but that's what a lot of retail perspective would label that. But really, it's just a reaccumulation, right? You had your spring test, and this is where your change of character really began, right? Now you've got your break of structure.
I could look for somewhere around this level. I would probably be more likely to look within this lower or higher low. This is probably where I'd be looking for re-entry if I were in this coin. Nice stop loss right below. Very clean. Where to after that?
You've cleared this. You made your higher high. It would be normal to retrace down to this. This is the thing with playing these late longs. Everybody wants to long now. Now that we're fucking railing. Everybody wants to long. Not to say it won't continue. You are setting yourself up with lower probability trades than had you been taking our signals down at the bottom. This looks good though for continuation. I can maybe see that low time frame return to original we just went over.
And then you'd be looking at this order block on the daily, right? Right there. And then you got this high, right? Both these highs. That's after that, I'd be looking for a retracement if you don't see it before then. And also you're coming up on a dollar. Like if you're not getting out here, you're a greedy bastard. And see, this shit has been going crazy lately. I remember we called this in a stream. It was like something.
Look at that weekly cup and handle, weekly reaccumulation. I mean, this is beautiful. Oh, you're going here. Go down on mine. Whether you go straight there or not, I can't tell you, but you're going up here at some point. $4.32. On the daily, you look like you could form the same price action you formed on the monthly or the weekly. So you could maybe see something like this, right?
you can see it's very similar price section let's do a three-day chart see something like this right and what is this what is this going to give you a return to origin right so you might see some pullbacks right we could find some highs in the four hour you might clear up here and then start to pull back and get a reaccumulation falling back down into origin probably of this range giving you an entry right probably somewhere right around here here or here
I'd personally be sitting this one out for now I mean we've again this is where everybody wants to long right this is how you become liquidity and you got tons of trendline liquidity let's see if you got any
I think the fair value gaps are getting tapped in. This one, I would almost... I mean, you literally have barely any wicks. I would say almost all of this, but you kind of dug back down into that. Yeah, I'd be chilling on this one personally. I mean, it does look like it's going to continue in the low time frames, but everybody wants to pick the coin that's already fucking flying, right? Oh, is that hood? Okay, bet.
Ape. That's about it for KNC. Really not enough on the daily just yet for this one. Let's go to one hour. I'd be looking for something in this zone. But last time we looked for a retrace zone ape, it just, you know, did its thing. Engineering nice liquidity above right there.
i want more reason to go to the upside also got i guarantee i got a four hour got a high time frame order block more supply right price always goes to liquidity um here you've got pretty clear trend line liquidity right all the way from here i would like for this to get cleared out right you come back down into this order block it's also at a higher low and then go for all this liquidity up above right
That's what I would like to see with Ape. Actually, what's weird is Ape has formed some of the cleaner price action than some of these.
Major coin. It's honestly kind of fucking weird. But what that shows is manipulation of the market. And if anything's getting manipulated, I wouldn't be surprised if Ape was. Oh, shit. That's not a hood, Young Savage. Okay. Yeah, Ape looks good. I would rather you formed more liquidity. Maybe tap it again. Looks like you're going to run for something to the upside.
Actually, I don't know. You could have just been mitigating this right here. You cleared out these equal highs, right? It looks like you're testing, retesting this order block down here. You didn't actually touch it quite yet. You'll probably make a run back up into this supply zone right in these two candles. If you get a break of structure to that at the downside, that's kind of a change of character, and we'll be looking for retracement. And you could bounce off any of these levels. Ape's kind of in its own world, but this is where I would like to play it at.
Link.
I cut Link, regrettably, is what it is, but it was kind of lagging. We were up on a lot of stuff, and I decided it would have been up 15%. Oh, well. I haven't seen anything crazy yet with Link. It's been moving, but you're still chilling within this range. Wouldn't be surprised if we get a break out of this range here. On the weekly, you have a huge fair value gap.
So what I'd be looking at is areas on the higher timeframes around equilibrium of this right here. So this is something you could be looking for. Also got equal highs up here. Yeah, I'd be looking for around 20 bucks on this one. And this is a good example of a coin that is kind of lagging behind. This is what you might see pump if Bitcoin consolidates, right? Looks pretty good though. I like it.
STMX. I haven't fucking done TA on this coin in a while. Honestly, ever since I started trading more smart money, I don't really fuck with some of these coins as much as I used to. All right, STMX made us a fucking bag back in the last bull run. STMX and Dent. I remember both of those two just fucking printing. Again with this one, I don't really fuck with this setup. You got equal lows down there. You really cleared out. You're probably going for...
I would say you're probably going for this 3 cents up here. Oops. 0.027 and 0.029 being the next targets. Oh, you actually tapped into this. Never mind. See, look at that right off of it. I bet that's almost to the penny. Yeah, to the penny. Formed equal highs, though. Or no way. I'm sorry. That was an order block. Not equal highs. Sorry about that.
Yeah, I would look for a turn up to this high or up to .029. Yeah, I got you, bro. SDT dominance. I mean, if you look at this, like, I know Playboy's going over with you guys, but I mean, every time we get into this 5%, you know, it's just area right here.
It seems like we have a pretty nice market run. I mean, if you look, the last time was right before the first bull run. After that, it was right before we started running in July. So wouldn't be surprised if we start to really fly here soon. And this is what I've been telling you guys. You know, the last accumulation, I was more skeptical, right? Like last summer, for those of you who've been on for a while, I kind of waited until we really broke, until we are about where we're at now, right? This relative to last year, kind of waited.
um until then to buy equity we were just hitting a lot of trades um but this time around i was telling you guys not to freak out everybody was saying you know 20k before we hit 50 again um now like i said before i really think we got to get above 52k and hold before we're talking you know mega bull run type stuff and by then you know we've already made tons of bread on the way up so
Everything is looking pretty good. Let me look at Bitcoin dominance. Not really at any major levels here. You know, up until you run 50%. 47 to 50% is where we really would look for, you know, alts to fly. But I'm doing Bitcoin.
So looking really good here. I see Ethereum moving. And then Ethereum has a lot of fundamental stuff going, right? When we have this merge, I mean, there's tons of stuff going in Ethereum's favor. I think that if you don't own any Ethereum, it's one of those coins. I would buy Ethereum almost really at any price under its all-time high and just stake it. Don't just do that expecting to see overnight gains. But Ethereum is kind of like...
I like Ethereum as a store of wealth over Bitcoin currently. I just think it has a lot more growth left in it. And also a huge gap in its market share compared to Bitcoin. I'm kind of just going to scan down these charts unless you guys have any coins. I think we are pretty much through this list. SHIB, just chilling. Fuck, man. I don't know why I just leave this on here for pain.
At this point, I can just kind of fly through this and find really any coin that's lagging. I don't see like witches. Yeah, Zill went fucking nuts. Doge. Okay, let's do Doge.
Yeah, I mean, at this point, I can look through something so fast. If it's not in discount still, fuck it. I don't even want to look at it, really. I mean, I will. I'm not trying to be like a dick and say I'm not going to look at it. But as far as entering a trade on it, we've been eating already. There's no need to give it back. Looks good on the low timeframes. We're getting these lows cleared out. This is interesting right here. It has to be something on the lower timeframes in there. Yep, right here.
It's digging deep for all that liquidity. It's still getting breaks of structure to the upside. Didn't even actually tap into that. I guess it was all candles. Really, you tap that here. I don't know. It's kind of weak, though, right? So this is the reaction you want to get, but you didn't. Let's see. You did break structure, actually. You're leaving liquidity up there for sure, though.
We look pretty good here with Doge. It's another coin I don't really fuck with too much. And like I was saying, we're not in discount, so I'm not going to be looking for longs on it. Somewhere up in this zone is where I'd be looking. 15 cents. Nothing crazy. Not worth your time, in my opinion. But we're on anchor.
And what we're doing here is setting ourselves up for a lot of return to origin setups. This is my favorite type of trade. So that's why I have no problem just hanging out. Bitcoin Cash. I don't even touch that. I know it's still on my watch list. Yeah, Bitcoin Cash. Or not Bitcoin Cash. BNB is probably going to be looking at retracement here as well soon. BTS, I'm not fucking with that.
Seller, I think somebody had asked me if there was a harmonic on this and then never applied because I was trying to find it. And what I was looking at was this. I think this is what they were looking at too. You'd be looking at an alt bat, right? So that's kind of an ugly one though. How much I would really play it depending on how you look at it. This might have been how they were playing it. That actually is probably what they were looking at.
So with harmonics, I usually look for any institutional levels at equilibrium, and you almost always get them if they're correct, right? You got something in there. Maybe let's go to three-day. Yep, three-day order block. Equilibrium. This actually might be a decent setup. And then I'll look for, you know, maybe we were returning to origin of an old range. Maybe this actually looks like it was something along those lines. Yep, right off of equilibrium.
This is actually looking really fucking good. I wish I would have caught this earlier. That was the thing you can see we Really pretty much already missed this trade if you're in seller though. I will tell you if you're in seller First of all, congrats and second of all, I wouldn't sell it yet. You're engineering more liquidity to the upside Meaning we need to go up still, right? So let's see make a weekly
A lot of liquidity in this whole zone. Obviously, you can't really play off just this. I'd look at the bottom 0.67 past that. Maybe a three-day fair value gap. Yeah, I'd probably be looking somewhere right in there. This looks really good, though.
I'm actually going to set some alerts here because I would like to catch this on a retrace. This is how you find setups that are more high probability. Notice every setup I've found is doing the same thing. Draw range, it's coming up, breaking out. But this setup I like a lot more. Why? Because you have this massive harmonic starting all the way literally at the bottom pivot point of the last market cycle.
And that's why I love harmonics in the high timeframes because you can literally depict market cycles, right? That's what you're looking for.
Right. So that being said, you know, return to origin of the last consolidation, full market cycle in this bullish bat on alternate bat. And then you have we get a break of structure here and play the same framework. Right. We're playing a return to origin here. If we were buyers here, that was returning to origin. Now we're going to look for the same setup and we might not get it. I wouldn't be surprised if this just goes absolutely fucking bananas. Right. But.
whatever if it does it does um here i would set an alert i'm not going to scale in for a lower level because i'm not looking for the entry right i'm just looking for a zone right i can go in the four hour okay already found a better level one hour actually the one hour looks about the same maybe down in here but that looks like a pretty good level um
So, yeah, I mean, it looks like it's going to continue, though. So, we'll see. I mean, I would look for clearing out this top high right here. Seller is actually going to put this on my watch list. It looks really good. I can eyeball half the shot. I know we were talking about this the other day. Comp looks pretty fucking good. I think we charted this on it. But, yeah, I think it was here. Was it? I guess it was this chart. A lot of equal highs up here. Sorry. A lot of equal highs.
I think it was in this zone mainly right here and up here. That's, I mean, comp does not look bad, I will say. Even though they gave away $67 million, I can't lie, their chart looks good. A lot of liquidity up here at $530, which is quite the runaway from where we're at. This is another one I'd wait. Look, I mean, if you notice, let me get some of this shit out of here.
Yes, what do we have here? Order block at equilibrium. I mean, it's the same thing over and over again, right? So I'm actually going to set some alerts here and add this one to the watch list.
And I always recommend to you guys too, a lot of people just don't even have watches. They just fucking look at every single coin and you can find a plan every single coin, but find those extremely bullish high timeframe narratives, right? Find where there's volume coming into the market. Find where you have more than one confluence on the high timeframes and then set some alerts, put them on your watch list and just chill. You don't got to fucking...
Oh, shit. Playboy's buying fucking ICP. Wow, that's how you know we're in the fucking bull market. No, I'm just kidding, but he fucking hates ICP. That's definitely a lagger. All right, I can go ahead and tell you that one. Go to... We were at comp, so probably right around here. Cotty, this was another one. Oh, yeah. We're probably getting left in the dirt, but it's okay. I still have the limits set. I want to move this.
I'm over, but at some point, I still want us to come back down here. We'll see a reaction at that level. I guarantee you we will. But we'll have to give this one some time. Swept up this liquidity. It looks like she wants to go for more. I would be probably looking up in this region. Yeah, no, I'd probably look down here at $0.30. Hopefully, we can get a pullback to our entry before we clear out these highs. That would be amazing.
See, this may be... No, not actually. I was kind of seeing this high as the high. Fucking CVC. Pump and dump. The DeFi's looking strong. Not touching Digibyte. Dodo. Hmm.
I don't know, though. Once we get this fucking X Games ramp-looking price action, I kind of chill on shit. Just because these are... Yeah, these lag, but it's like... I mean, this was the bull run last time. It really lasted for Dodo for about a month and was done. So I'm going to chill on that. Maybe we might have some crab here. Let's see. I'm just curious. No, it's too much. Yeah, this is a sad chart. We already did Doge.
EGLD. Yeah, I mean, you're just expanding. EOS is doing the dash already. Whatever. Filecoin. FLM. Yeah, this is another one of those. It's just kind of dead. I can eyeball that until it's more than 50. Like that. Phantom. This is another one, potentially. All right. I want to wait on this one. Oops.
Because we're sitting in a supply zone right above these old eyes. This is when I'm actually going to look for some entries. If we can come down lower. But I'll chill on it for now. GRT. Now we may have something here. It's ugly, but you could be looking at... Let me look at this, actually.
Yeah, I think you need it up to, I think, I don't think it's a window. I think it's actually 1618. Yeah, would have been nice, but I see you move up to those levels, but also it's just the rest of the reward's not there. Looked a little better when I was zoomed out, but I mean, you know, we're still coming up on this range. It's just, there's not much of a point in my opinion to long that. You know, a little deeper of a B point than you want to see with the bat, but that's, let's see if we put it over here.
You know, that's actually not bad. Equal highs right near this. H-bar actually looks pretty fucking good here. Like, again, though, this is another one I wish I would have caught earlier. You're still in discount in this range here. A lot of trendline liquidity there. So at this point, what I'm going to do is I'm going to look for a possible entry and see if I can't get an area that I like. Bam. There we go. Let me check this in the 15-minute.
what is that level 22016 and check this back on the 15 minute and see what structure we got over there yeah i'd go under this low this will give us pretty good size and i'm usually i'll be a little bit more lenient with these stops but whenever we're playing these continuations it's a little more risky monero there's a couple so one's been lacking oh what did i do
as one still isn't on coinbase i don't know if i'd say this is lagging to be honest with you actually what are that marked up i wouldn't really say this is lagging personally you're looking at these highs here after that this order block but i'd probably show on this and you could see a cub and handle maybe play out here too that'd be nice icp and looks pretty good here
It's the same as everything else really again. It's low time frame reaccumulation right and looking for supply up above an ICP's case You've got here and this high up here both of these highs Right around 25 bucks in that region 24 25 bucks. I'd be looking After that, I mean you could swing it farther for sure, but those are the first targets Monero
Got these equal highs right above it, 279. A lot of trend line liquidity right here. All right, I would probably look for maybe somewhere down. First off, let's just draw a zone. Could look somewhere around 200 bucks maybe. That would give you that sweep of this trend line liquidity. You also got psychological support right under you, which I'm not really a big fan of using, but it is there.
Here is when I would just watch the load time frame for a change of character. I will add this to my watch list. I don't want the tether chart. Whatever. I'll get the alert if I need it. Yeah, I guess on that one, I'm going to wrap this up. I appreciate you guys stopping by as always. If you have any questions, just drop me a DM or add me in chat. I appreciate you guys. Peace.
