What's good? You guys got in here quick as shit. Yeah, this morning's been pretty crazy. We had some volatile news. I think it was, yeah, we had home sales month over month, and then...
Just new home sales in general. The new home sales month over month was twice as worse as expected. It was, well, a little less. It was expected to be down 4.2%. It was down to 8.1%. You know, we don't want to trade off of news, but we can study how price reacts. I was watching US 30.
What I've been a model that I've been watching on US 30 is watching for the Tokyo liquidity raid, like watching for whichever side of Tokyo gets rated during the New York session. And the highs got rated here. I will say the lows got rated in London, though, which is interesting. So I'm kind of forward testing this. We rated it into a fair value gap. An overall nice entry, I think, though, would be up in.
This area, this would be Pico. That's quite a far ways away. The indices this morning have been kind of fickle as far as giving a setup. We rated the sell side really before the session even started pre-market. And that's just a lot of the time due to news like this.
Let's go ahead and take these indicators off. We came back under far more than I would have liked to see to long because I would have wanted us to clear up local sell-side liquidity. A week went all the way for this week low on a structural. What is this? Cardano? I'll check that in a second.
from a structural perspective. So it seems like the bearish order flow is just still in place at this point. Not looking at as much like a liquidity raid, in my opinion. And you always got to be mindful and be careful when you're trying to play these setups to really wait for something that piques your interest. For me, because if you look on the one minute, we...
Okay, pound, dollar, is that supply? I wonder if the dollar is falling right now. Yep, makes sense.
Yeah, so it's interesting because, you know, you see we rated this liquidity here. If you're being really aggressive with a one minute, you got technically an internal change of character there with displacement. To me, I would have rather seen us get above this high, you know, more of kind of like the, I guess you'd say a swing high instead of just rating that little short term high. I mean, it depends really with the daily bias.
that I have with SPY right now would be agreeing with that, then I would have probably taken that long. But if my daily bias is not that we're going up, I'm not going to force a trade opposing my narrative. So for me, the only clear area of liquidity that I see us drawing to is this imbalance right here. Also, and we've been talking about this level since last week, that all these longs have stop losses right in these areas. So the major area of the H4 sell side liquidity is going to be right there.
um front running this unfilled gap and then we've also got a huge gap down below it now if you look at this right here all of this downward price action this is going to be an order block on a higher time frame probably a 12 hour um i put a 12 minute
So, you know, we're looking at price. We have this massive order block there, and that's kind of an institutional order block. I wouldn't even consider this like a buy off of this level type deal, but it is a price delivery array. So we can look for price to potentially reverse there. Also on the daily, it looks like we have a massive move down here as well. So I see quite a bit of liquidity down below.
So that would lead our daily bias to be looking to fill these areas in if we're going to continue up. So just like we talked about last week, if we saw two days in a row after this candle right here get a lower high, then we're going to be looking at the market from a little bit more of a bearish perspective intraday.
We did raid a ton of liquidity. I don't really see... Hold on, somebody's shit's echoing. I don't know who that was. We did...
We didn't really see during market hours any kind of rate of the upside. It was just free falling even before pre-market. So this morning is kind of weird with SPY. I didn't see something that I would have liked to accept had you been trading pre-market and you maybe traded some supply and demand right there. But for me, I mean, looking back, I can see it. I can't say that I would.
I was watching charts at this time, so I didn't really see that much interest in it. I usually don't watch indices until right after 830. But, you know, looking back, it looks like we rated, is this Tokyo highs? Yeah, so we got a liquidity rate. We rated the Tokyo highs right there into a fair value gap. It was during London Killzone, so I wasn't awake when the liquidity rate setup happened.
But there was a, and this is what I mean when I say different strategies oftentimes correlate whenever they're used correctly. So from maybe like an ICT or just a strictly, you know, somebody who uses liquidity raids, you know, there was the entry was somewhere in here, maybe during the London kill zone. You know, if you raid above this area, it's the same thing that we've talked about. I mean, actually, I really don't see a clear fair value gap entry, but.
Maybe if you use just like a turtle suit model where you just buy or will sell in this example above the old high. But even if you didn't catch that or it didn't give your entry, let's say you're a supply and demand trader. Well, this morning.
If we're looking at just general market structure, we already know that we're kind of making these lower highs and lower lows. We're expecting this low to get taken out. So you would look to get short at any kind of newly introduced supply. So we use the supply fair value gap right there. There was a trade opportunity there.
That's the only thing I really could have seen. NOS had a similar setup up here. I think I actually made this up a one-hour POI. Yeah. I still see potential to come up into this area if we can at some point reverse. Now, one thing I will say is...
Now that we're trading under this previous week's equilibrium, that's not a great sign, in my opinion. That tells me that NAS is ready to go lower. We candle shelf right off this daily order block. I was kind of anticipating if SPY could hold and get to these same levels, that the NASDAQ would push up and take these buy stops here, and even maybe higher, but pretty clean reaction off of this area.
I mean, there's a daily imbalance in here. This could be something of interest, but a really clean area of liquidity I see are way down here at these equal lows. Now, interest rates are going to be a big factor in how we see price action delivered this week, which those are tomorrow, if I'm not mistaken. I'm like 90% sure they're tomorrow. So expect to see heavy volatility leading up to and during those talks.
But as of right now, indices are not looking too hot. And I mean that in the sense they're not looking bullish. There's probably going to be trades. Now, something else that I noticed this morning with US 30 is while indices were tanking, we saw US 30 making higher highs. So we went over this in the private class. If we have, let's say,
It's just like the DXY and currencies. For instance, if the dollar is making lower lows, but let's say EURUSD is making lower lows as well, or lower highs.
that could tell you that the euro might be being accumulated because there's a divergence. You know, if the dollar is falling, the euro should be rising. And if it's not and it's falling, we could say that those pushes to the downside are just liquidity rates and that asset is being accumulated. So you can use that same concept with the three sisters. So they call them, you know, the Dow, the S&P and the Nasdaq. And this morning, we definitely got a pretty clear divergence here. If you look.
You're making pretty clearly lower highs. And then here we are making higher highs, which is interesting. Also, it was into a fair value gap. We rated those Tokyo highs. So and then going into a lower time frame, if we go into a five minute, we definitely saw our break of our short term low right there with displacement. Now, price moved pretty high up above that. Maybe if you go into a lower time frame.
Now it pushed up into this zone. It doesn't really seem to be seeing too strong of a reaction here yet. This is more going to be a forward test for me just because I usually don't trade the US 30. In the times I have, it's almost better just to trade with basic supply and demand than to trade liquidity in my experience.
And with the S&P and everything under these lows, I mean, I wouldn't be surprised to see a little bit of a rally intraday. No signs of that yet. I don't know if I'll be a participant in that, but U.S. 30 is holding up much, much better than either other indices for sure.
Here, you know, really, though, the ideal entry I would like to see is get all these these highs rated because, you know, there's a ton of shorts with their stops resting just above that. Like an absolute ton. And then we had this fair value gap on low timeframes in that supply and demand flip zone because, you know, price came up. We saw that change of character. Price traded back into our newly introduced supply and then broke down again. So we know that there was demand in this wick.
that this supply had to push through. So that gives us a flip zone being front ran by highs. So, you know, that would be an optimal Pico entry if we can get the price to come up in there and then get the low time frames, make the five minute to push to the downside. That's a far ways off, you know, just following current structure.
This would almost look more like maybe accumulation into distribution. We have this fair value gap that pushed down pretty rough. Price rated the highs into it. So it's kind of an interesting setup here. I know a lot of people that trade 30 and love trading it. So I've been paying a little more attention than usual. Look at pound, dollar. Did I not just get an alert for that? Or was that a different coin? Or not coin, currency.
Oh, I'm on a different, I guess I just did, I marked it up twice. I don't know. So we're in this fair value gap into this flip. Let's see. Yeah, so really what I'd want here, so I'm looking at the four hour.
We came up into this daily imbalance and the four hour imbalance. Price pushed pretty tough away from that. And in that process, it created some supply right here. Looks like we've got some equal lows forming. So there's going to be sell side liquidity under that. If we can get a five minute change of character up in this region with this placement, I'll probably look to sell. But I think it's still developing. We need to see another, preferably see another high ran to get these early shorts.
you know, all taken out and then get that change of character with our fair value gap. Patience is going to be key with that because one thing I've noticed too, especially with pound dollar and euro lately is it's really good to incorporate a lick rate into your low timeframe execution. And what I mean when I say that is like, let's say, you know, you're a one minute trader and you've just traded in the one minute. Well, you're probably going to get stopped out right here.
And this is exactly what I mean. So let's say you have your 15-minute POI. Okay, well, you wait for a change of character. Well, you got that right here. Sometimes it'll work, right? It definitely works. And for those of you who trade the one-minute, you know what I'm talking about. It definitely can work extremely well. But I think that it's better to wait for a push above these highs or really just wait for the five-minute to change character on a lot of these pairs.
And that way it gives you a little bit extra confirmation. And usually, you know, the five-minute change in character, we'll see this push up, a low, and then we come up and take those highs. And that's going to be that initial one-minute change of character getting stopped out. And then you push to the downside. So it seems like that's literally happening right now. So I'm going to send an alert for that. I'm going to sit here and camp on it.
we're finally getting some life on indices possibly let's see it's just it's weird today because um we've gotten this signal multiple times now um for instance you know if you look over here on the nasdaq it came on our sell side liquidity pushed above it i had your fair value gap it just got annihilated so that tells me that supply at this time is still in control and makes me a little more hesitant along with what you're saying of course with our daily bias um
is to the downside, but we've already seen a pretty big move. I don't think it's any question that we have a highly likelihood of closing the day down. That doesn't mean we won't push up a little bit. I'm not really seeing anything that is too convincing in order to enter anything on these indices yet. Let's see this euro dollar.
i tweeted this level a while ago we finally came under it um i think that we could come down a little bit more i'd love to see us come into this order block um let's see we've already got that change of character so what i'm going to do now is i would mark this last up candle to the down candle right here
and then i'll wait for the one minute to come into that why does it keep doing that wait for the one minute to come up into this area and then if we can get a sell off there i might take a trade right here so i'm liking that this one isn't moving pretty quick too we came up and we formed that short-term low but in the same five minute candle we came down and took it out with these i want to make sure we get a good confirmation because you can see a lick raid happen really easily here
whenever it's that same candle because usually you want to see some structure form because um you see prices reacting pretty rough down to that area so we came under this low and then immediately you saw engulfing so patience is going to be key with this as well that's the dxy doing that's that's the question for me so this should have started rallying this you know i'm a little more um
I guess liberal with what I expect out of DXY as far as from like a supply and demand terminology go or terminology perspective goes. But, you know, using the same logic that I use on anything else, I would want to see price flush up into this candle right here because we have all these highs right here, front running a little bit of an imbalance left. And then we have that liquidity target down below, which is that daily imbalance. So that would.
clean up a lot of the supply and then push us down to the downside. And that would potentially give us a short-term rally on anything denominated by the dollar. ETH's already back down to our daily imbalance. The problem with me with Ethereum here is we're not really in a premium yet. The four-hour structure is bullish, but we're expecting, because we're going to trade in the context of the higher timeframes, that this daily structure we have here.
which is obviously bearish, that we just came back up, pulled back into that premium, and now we're going to see this bearish narrative continue. So what that would entail is that four-hour getting its clock cleaned and taking out these equal lows. So I don't want to force anything with any kind of longs in crypto right now. I think crypto overall is looking really rough. Clear liquidity target down here. I mean, we're at the daily imbalance, so we could see a push-up. But at this point for...
uh most crypto for me i'm just gonna wait for shorts i'm not even trying to force longs but this area is of interest this one hour order block right here on ethereum because we came back down we tapped into demand um and blasted right through it so yeah this um why is it on a different feed which one is it on i think it's on uh xcm see that wasn't it's not ready just yet i want to see a little more structure form here look at gold too
i didn't take this trade i just this is back testing but this has been a clean trade during the london session i've seen a lot of the movements that i would particularly look for in gold to occur during london because if you look here um this was just clean supply and demand you know four hour change of character uh or no i think it was a one hour i'm sorry yeah it's a one hour change of character um
Right here price came into that higher timeframe supply zone if I can get the thing to click
And then we got a 15 minute change of character in that zone. Super simple. It's nice to see just simple supply and demand work because a lot of times with gold, you want to use more of like a liquidity rate perspective, but you can get those easy trades off of just simple supply. And I mean, I always tell people to like with smart money, a lot of people want to go down the rabbit hole of like really advanced stuff that a lot of it does work.
for sure. But what people don't realize, and a lot of people hate on, there's like the two realms of smart money. There's like ICT, like super, super deep smart money, which when done correctly is great. I think it works better for mainly indices and major forex pairs as far as intraday price action goes. And then there's the supply and demand traders that trade.
similar concepts but they trade them in a much simpler way and I will say that for a ton of markets especially crypto just simple supply and demand with you know keep in mind liquidity you want to incorporate liquidity obviously I'm not saying not to but as far as intraday trading you'll be able to get I think a little bit more consistent of results using
a more simple approach. Some people disagree with that. That's kind of like what I like to do is simplify smart money because I think people make it too complicated. Because at the end of the day, maybe you have an interest in understanding it, and that's one thing, but I think that a lot of the supply and demand models are just as profitable as some of the more advanced stuff. Looks like US 30 wants to sell off here.
If we can get down with displacement under these lows, because there's a lot of cell stops resting under here. Get those equal lows. Oops, fun tool. All down under there. It seems like that's what liquidity is going to draw to next. And you can use the draw on liquidity stuff that we went over in the class. You can use it on lower time frames too, but it's a little trickier, and you have to kind of use it in the context of the higher time frames.
So far, I mean, US30 looks like the stronger of the three sisters on a daily chart, but it's a lot of times if you see the other two start to make these violent pushes to the downside, like we were saying, you want to see a similar narrative with the other indices. And if you don't, you can say that it's a divergence and one's lagging behind, and that might be your higher value trade.
There's a couple setups I had my eyes on. AVAX was one of them down on this zone. Ideally, if we could move down there with as much displacement as possible, I think I refined it to a one hour. Because at this point, I'd be just longing and targeting internal liquidity. Because if I'm longing here, I'm not targeting highs. I'm just targeting imbalances and supply zones.
Because like I was saying before, crypto is not looking great. Let's actually, I want to see, I don't really mark up alts as much, but I've been kind of watching AVAX. Very clear. Liquidity objective there. So we've got some equal lows.
This is the same setup crypto has really given across the board. And we've induced, because think about this, how many people that weren't bullish here are now bullish here?
Think about that, because that's that's the mentality that gets induced by the principles that we trade off of just how it how it happens. So always be mindful of that and kind of what the general sentiment is, you know, the public sentiment going. If you want to get like a top signal, go on Twitter and notice when everybody's bullish because everybody's always late. That's why most people don't make money. So nice reaction off of.
This daily order block within it I should say filled the daily imbalance We seek this imbalance, but obviously that didn't really give much of a
any kind of support. I'd look at this as a daily order book as well. Just the highest. And when I'm using these and marking these levels, I'm just looking more for the biggest candle before the big up move on a daily chart. And I'm not going to set a limit off this. I'm just going to have this level, you know.
in front of me where I remember where it's at and I'm mindful of it because these are all going to be potential reversal zones because there's going to be a lot of mitigation occurring in this area. So you might see a little push into that, small push up, and then that would be able to give you that short entry down to the equal lows. And I'll go ahead and mark all of these supply zones and we'll refine them, of course. I would just say that this candle right here, maybe we're going to one hour, we'll be able to get something clearer.
I would say this because you got that sweep zone. Also, let's mark up the square value gap. Let's see. And it's just slipping right here. When you're looking at this, we did just remove a lot of sell side. I would like to see a push back up into some of these supply zones, but I'm not necessarily requiring all the way up here this go entry.
There's not much of a pullback. Seems like this is really your impulse move right here. I don't know. I'd probably hang out until then, though, if we start to reverse here, just because I want to get in a premium of that impulsive move. And that also is sitting right at the daily level. A lot of times you'll see this. So when you have these daily order blocks, if you mark it up correctly, you'll see, let's say if somebody's doing Wyckoff on a... I can go ahead and tell you I'm not...
you know, the Wyckoff guy, but this is range failure is what that is. And that's a good entry point for a Wyckoff trade. And notice that order block, that one hour order block rests right at the daily order block. What is it? 24.17. What's the high of this? 24.16. So it's not just some kind of coincidence there. Also, we have that sweep zone. I'm going to set an alert for that up there. That would be Pico if we could get up there.
That's really what I'm seeing on AVAX. Overall liquidity objective right now would be these equal lows. Solano is another one.
This one kind of left me behind. I was big sad about this. We took out that previous monthly high, and it just never, ever came up. That was me using this institutional candle instead of the zone, but it's all right. We kind of just got to stick to our guns and use... I always try to use the last candle if I want a four-hour and not refining it. It's just kind of the way I see things that usually work better that way. Let's mark this up.
So if we're looking at Solana's swing structure on a four hour, we're already pretty deep into a discount. And this is the thing with crypto lately. It's like if you're using these, it's just moving down so fast that it's really not giving, you know, let's just say if you're trying to trade the four hour internal structure, you know, you got that break to the downside, you know, last candle before that move, it never even went up into that. It barely even went to this fair value gap.
It's seeming like once you start to see price react more off of... It didn't even hit a flip zone. It's interesting. I guess this breaker kind of was... Yeah, it did hit into it. I've been seeing that happen more often as well. I'm going to mark that. That would have actually been a pretty nice... That was a Tokyo reversal. Or a London raid, actually. Sorry. So your liquidity raid would have been right there.
Once you rated that you saw that break structure the downside you could have either You're a miss or if you wait for the fair value gap up here or this one But if you trade it off the breaker you got an entry Snipe to was at 4208 and 4208 on the dot look up there at the top left It's exact to the penny really here though with Solana If I'm looking at the one hour, I mean, I'm just looking at the most recent impulse move. I'm gonna look right there
And depending, you know, I want a 15 minute reversal site signal there, but there's another coin I wanted to look at. No, I already did ETH. Looks like there's some, these buy to sell WICs. So there's going to be some kind of flip supply in there. Go down and refine that. We'll be able to find it right here. So I like this zone for BNB.
I can barely hear you. You said go over what a breaker block is? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I got you. So, basically... No, you're good. So, basically...
We're looking for in a breaker block. Where's the path? So you're going to look for first an area of liquidity. So let's just say you've got some liquidity, you know, some buy side liquidity. There's a high like a Tokyo high. And you see price kind of come up to it. And then does this number. Right. So there's going to be some kind of demand zone right here. Right. So whether it's an order block or credit value gap.
um well you would just be looking for an order block so let's say you got your order block and then you get this um reversal pattern so price comes down and takes that out right
So that would be the way you'd play a breaker block. Now you want to see displacement. So let's just say you had a fair value gap right there. You know, like you came up above the high, right? Because that's your first kind of box to check. Okay, we've got that. We've got our failed.
demand zone which now you can say is a breaker block because the main thing is you want to make sure that this break stops so like it has to be the last down candle before the stop raid and then you want to see displacement moving down into it
Okay, and then have it basically be retested, I guess? Yeah, just think of it like an order block. But you're trading the opposite way. But it has to raid liquidity, though. That's what makes it what it is. It's not just any failed...
So it has to be the order block created before the liquidity rate and then continue to the downside? Yeah, it has to be just the failed order block that was before. The order block that propelled price above the old label liquidity. Or if you're looking at it from like...
A bullish perspective, it would look something like that. Now, oftentimes what we see, and this is a great example of the correlation between some of these more complicated strategies and supply and demand, is let's just say, okay, well, you've got this set up, the same thing, but what's this going to be a lot of the time? So look, this entry gets you in a little sooner.
let's just say there's your change of character, right? So we'll say that, you know, you had your order block right there. This is from a supply and demand, like change of character perspective. Then you get a break of structure right here. Now, oftentimes that's going to give you, or not oftentimes, all the time, that's going to give you a new flip zone. Now, this doesn't always just go, you know, to the heavens like that. What it can do is it breaks structure and then you see that same, you know, you see price come back down.
and move up. And what that's doing is coming down and mitigating that newly introduced demand. But somebody who just trades ICT will tell you, oh, that was a breaker block entry. But then somebody who trades supply and demand is going to tell you that that was a flip zone entry. Now, sometimes this guy's going to get entry, sometimes this guy's going to get entry, and then the other one won't. Or sometimes they both do. So just take it with a grain of salt. You can see, if you're going to look at it,
from this perspective, you need to pick one perspective and be that, if you know what I mean. Like, it needs to be, you know, you need to be either, don't try to play both, because you'll just end up confusing yourself or rationalizing narratives that you kind of, like, want, your brain wants to see, if that makes sense. Exactly. Now, I hear you. I'm more familiar with, like, ICT in general, so I probably just read with that. Yeah.
Yeah, I hope that made sense. No, yeah, it looks broken. For sure. Crypto is just like, fuck, bro. She looks like absolute death. Yeah, for real. For real. You got the ROs on right now? No, they're actually... I had to send them off to the lab to get a...
new lenses put in them because I'm getting the blue light lenses put in them. Oh, you just made a little man and then they're going to send it back to you? Yeah, yeah. It was at Literate Lens Crafters, bro. I just dropped out with them and they're going to put the blue light stuff in them. Like one that's local in your area? Yeah, just the Lens Crafters. Yeah, I'm going to Google that and actually probably do that today, honestly. Yeah, do they have lopers up there where you're at?
I'm sure they do. I feel like I've never been... Yeah, yeah. I looked it up last night, and it was one that's not... Nice. Yeah, so I'm definitely going to get that done. I'm going to get those fucking brown Johns, too. Fucking the actual sunglasses.
Hell yeah. Honestly, Ape, I want to see, let me see how this is looking, because I wanted to, this is when I wanted to really catch some, catch a nice move on. It seems like it's just now about to get that daily change of character, like literally right now. If that happens, which looks like it wants to, I'm going to start looking for cells to swing. That got mitigated. I would probably actually look for this.
There's that to pay attention to as well starting to this looks like distribution and a half
If we get that daily change of character, that's going to lead me to look for that daily pullback being over. And, I mean, this shit looks tough. Because now we're in a... We got this once already, but the early bears got shook out because we weren't in a premium. But you see, as soon as price comes into a premium of the range, the daily range, it's reacting impulsively. So that tells me that price seemingly wants to go lower.
Now, I haven't really marked up AP, like I mark up indices, but let's just give it a shot. Price is price. I don't know why it starts in this 16 font. I don't understand that. So I'd look at this level right here. It looks like it's the next area of liquidity he's drawing to. And then we've got another daily imbalance just above. This one would be more of a reversal point.
Also, it looks like this is going to be right around that higher supply zone. It is. So I'm actually going to go ahead and take that off, and I would just watch for this. Other than that, I mean, literally, just from a daily structural view, it looks like we want to go take out these lows down here. That would be a nice target for cells.
I might play a little ping pong here, take out these lows, return back up to that imbalance. And if we could do that before filling this, that would be optimal for a short narrative. I think I set alerts for both zones. I need to take one of them off. This would be ideal.
A lot of stops are about to get taken out at these levels right here, all through there. That would be kind of like your sign of weakness on the daily. I think it's low time distribution. And that's literally, anytime we see the daily changing character, we can most of the time discern that that is going to be a lower time frame distribution. Because, you know, here you have your preliminary supply, secondary test, up thrust, no UTAD, it seems.
And then price is now saving to get that range failure. As with a lot of crypto, what are indices doing? Come here, buddy. My cat's over here going crazy. He's like a dog. He, like, brings a toy to me to, like, throw. But, um, sorry. Doesn't really seem like they're showing much strength yet. Still bearish water flow in the five minute. They're trying, though, I'll tell you that. It's just, this to me doesn't really seem that appealing.
Because, you know, over here was the only questionable area, but it was still kind of lackluster. I mean, if you go to one minute and not the five minute, like, for instance, the five minute, we got to change the character here.
There's no displacement really, anything super visible with the break, except on a one minute, which I usually don't like. I want to see, for instance, here, what time is it? It's 11.14. You'd want to see price really push up above this, but even then, for me, I don't really like taking trades after 11, until after lunch at least.
Usually news give a nice setup, but it seems like today the only potential setup I even see was 30, but it's starting to form those sell stops and build up those stop losses right there. Although I will say it did that here and definitely sold off. Did we ever get what we needed? Not yet, it's getting there though.
And that's a, this is a great example of why you want to be patient whenever you're framing these lower timeframe entries, because if you force your, your perspective on something, you can like earlier, you guys saw, let's say you're a one minute trader. Oh, you got a change of character there. You got stopped out. Let's see. And no change. You just now got your change of character on a one minute, but a lot of times it's better to wait for that five minute. If you're in, like, let's say.
You're kind of trying to catch a top right here. I don't encourage trying to catch tops, but you're playing a reversal, I should say. So you want to be a little bit more conservative with your entries because the overall structure has been bullish. But I'm looking at it more from the day levels we just attacked, and price is definitely showing some weakness coming up into them. And we saw that change of character right there.
And also this, I guess, here's a great example of like a four hour breaker would be right here. Because, you know, you came up, you took those stops right there. That was your liquidity rate. And then you push the downside of displacement. Also, I think the whole, don't quote me on this, but I think you don't want to see it go far above the breaker blocks high.
But I'm not, I more so use them as confluence. I don't really use them as like a level to trade off over like frame and entry just around the breaker itself. But pretty sure that's usually what you want to see. You want to see it get rejected off the high. I'm more just waiting for the five minute to switch bearish here. US 30 just barcoding while the other indices are just death plumbling.
I've noticed, too, a lot of there's been good setups in London for indices, or at least good setups beginning. You know, that London kill zone right here between 2 a.m. and 5 a.m. 2 a.m. and 4 a.m. Eastern time. And then also, like, if you take the New York kill zone here, which is going to be 7 to 10 a.m., draw a line out, put this down. You can always, if you'd like, sometimes draw lines. And you can see, extend this.
sorry guys my internet faded a little now yeah right fuck dude i'm actually moving um to a new house on friday and i got 1200 megabit internet but i got it from xfinity yeah that's that's actually what i have right now is xfinity it's been fire so far oh yeah
Okay, so now GU is setting up more clear. Why did I do it twice? You're not streaming, by the way. Oh, just on YouTube here. How do I put it on? Forget it. Cut it out. Okay, so GU now. Got that five-minute change of character. For me, I'm going to be looking at this candle up here as an entry. Just go ahead and... What is this? That's 102.447.
Now, for you guys that are watching this, this is going to be different depending on your broker. Your levels are going to be different. Looks like it's at a 10 pip stop loss. For me, that's plenty enough for me. So, let me set this order. Give me a second, guys. Actually, the more I look at it, I kind of like this flip zone. And that's probably going to still give me the risk-to-reward I need.
Give me one second. I'll tell you in two seconds. Three, four, six. I think it's actually already right. There we go. So that's going to be 20 pip stop. Sorry, I have to put this in and then signal it to the server.
Yeah, and for those wondering why I moved it up, when I'm looking at this, I see, yes, the initial impulse started right here, right? But whenever I'm on these lower timeframes, if I see a push down into this zone right here,
All right, we'll see a push into that. For one, this is going to be a lower time frame breaker. That's not really my reasoning. But my main reasoning is that we see a push into this demand zone, price pauses, and then more supply is really pumped into the market. So we're seeing a huge inefficiency of supply and demand here. And we have a fair value gap right there. And I can maintain my 3R or better risk to reward. You know, that's more than enough for me.
Add also a TP right there. You know, one could extend this if they wanted, but for me, I'm cool with taking the gains. There's a lot of equal lows there. Hopefully those don't get hit before our limit are off to cancel, but...
It's a good enough setup for me to take without trying to force it and extend our targets. Obviously, price can always continue. We know that. But I look at it from a perspective that there's a lot of sell-side liquidity right here. This kind of was what I was framing my trade around when I first got this idea. So I don't want to be greedy. I'm totally fine with 3R if we can get it.
Yeah, on that note, I'm going to probably hop off here, guys. Really, all I'd be watching for is potential. Oh, yeah, there you go. Just like we were talking about. Oh, yeah, the pairs. You want me to tell you the pairs? Okay, so this is my whole watch list. What main pairs do you focus on? I'm just going to focus on maybe two or four pairs and just kind of chart them out. I would focus on Eurodollar, Aussie dollar.
Pound dollar and then indices and then also like if you really
I don't want to encourage degeneracy, but what I like to do is, for instance, I added USDCAD because there's a lot of USD news. Fuck. Watch this one slip away this morning. Speaking of the devil. But anyways, it really didn't come down anywhere I would have taken it, to be honest. I wanted it to come under here. But when we have a lot of volatile news, like for instance, when we knew that we had US dollar news, right?
Coming in, we knew that there's a potential that sell-side liquidity is going to get raided. We saw that. Price obviously raided it, and this was definitely a raid. So you can kind of meander around, watch the news calendar, and if you see high-impact news. Now, I don't want to encourage people to do this if you're not.
experienced and not even just not experienced, but experienced in using liquidity rates because you can get annihilated. But, you know, once you see a lot of high impact, like last week, European interest rates came up.
They were really good setups. I'm definitely pretty familiar with the printing range, but could you send me that watch list? Sure. Got you. Ignore some of the crypto ones because those are kind of cycling it out. Yeah, no, no. I kind of figured I saw OP on there. I was like, what the fuck? I would expect to see like Sol, AVAX, like, you know, TRX, the B&B, like the higher market. How do I?
I haven't done this in forever. I thought it was like right here and then. No, go to those top three buttons in the top right. And it is. It used to be here though. Yeah, it should be important. Share list. Maybe. Oh, I can probably copy it.
I guess this is the new age way. I mean, I literally just shared one of these not long ago. I guess. I mean, just copy and maybe DM it to me. I just DM it to you. Yeah, I guess that's how you do it now. That's actually better. But yeah, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I appreciate you all. If you have any questions, just hit me. Oh, yeah. Also, if you guys have any suggestions on different, you know.
concepts that i could make like an infographic on to help you guys um let me know because i'm going to be kind of pumping some of those out for the upcoming week and i want to make sure it's tiered to what you guys want so let me know if there's anything you guys can think of any questions you guys always know my dms and uh anything any way to get at me is always open so definitely i'll hit you on twitter bro awesome all right guys i'll see y'all later take it easy bro
