what's good what's good if you're watching this um not live you might want to go ahead and fast forward a couple minutes in as it's a live stream and i'm going to let everybody from the private discord have a chance to get in oh yeah i might want to stream or share my screen there we go um looking here what's up guys forex mate and full port shorts
So what I'm watching for here, I'm going to go to NOS just because I've kind of been a little clear on what I'm looking for on NOS. I think we're still drawing up to this area. What the hell's going on outside of my house? Fucking dog fighting another dog.
Sorry about that. My neighbor's dog's going crazy. So ideally, I'd like to see a push down into this imbalance. Oh, yeah. What's up, Tommy? No problem. I stream every day. So just another day. I like this imbalance here. But with the news, too, we had PPI come out.
that's going to cause, obviously, just like yesterday, it's going to cause volatility. So basically what PPI is is just the producer price index. So, you know, if...
If it goes down, we can say that consumers will pay less for goods. I'm interested to see how it affects the market with the numbers that came out yesterday. What's up, Zach?
Seems like there's this low right here. I feel like a five minute real clear. There's this low and there's also a five minute imbalance. I like this area right here, but I won't force anything. What I'm looking for specifically is price to come into it and get a break with displacement. Main market I'm going to focus on today is NOS. I just like how close we are to these equal highs. It's not set in stone that we got to hit it, but I do like how close we are to that area.
Also got that imbalance up there. It seems like price is drawing towards this. So let's put our magnet over here and hopefully this, I'm just kidding. But you can see too, what we want to see with the open is if we're looking for a bullish day, usually you want to see a little bit of a flush at open. I mean, not always. You can definitely have a big push right at open and maintain that push. I'm not saying that you always have to have a dip, but we know that we look for rates on liquidity.
and preferably into an imbalance um i wouldn't really consider this i'm really paying more attention to imbalance we do have this low right here um so more or less i like the imbalance just because you know another well i like this area too but i'll watch both areas i'm not going to just set a limit on either or this actually might be of higher value if we get down that low
And that would lead a bigger impulse move, but we'll see. So coming in the morning just to mark out areas. For me, that would be our sell side liquidity as specific to this range because this is where we really started to move impulsively from. We do have a imbalance here that got left behind, pretty much unscathed. Seems like price reacted this order block. So we have that area of liquidity.
and then this lower time frame pre-market area again this is not really focusing on liquidity it's more or less the imbalance itself so just looking for low time frame breaks the structure with displacement in those zones i'll take a peek at bitcoin really quick
You know, this gave with PPI, it gave a sell signal in essence, but I didn't really like how, you know, how sloppy it was because we came above these highs over here. And you see, we have a closure here, but before we didn't have a closure, that massive wick and then price broke down with displacement.
But for me, the risk reward wasn't really great because the main target would be this low right here. Because something, you know, we reacted to something right there. If not even finding a, there's really not any way to find an imbalance just that low. So for me, I was looking at it and I was like, okay, well.
You know, it's just not always there. I'm not all you guys know that I'm not always trying to push a narrative of, you know, massive risk to reward only. But there is a threshold where you just got to determine, you know, OK, is this really worth my risk and my time? Because a lot of times they won't be.
I want to say there's any other, I think there's some other news for other currencies today. I could be wrong. Okay, no, that's New Zealand has a medium impact. Tomorrow, that's right. So tomorrow, Aussie dollar, I guess tonight, so to speak, next session, Aussie has new home sales and then the pound has GDP tomorrow. So we could see a lot of volatility with the pound dollar.
So I want to watch price action here and stay attentive to indices. But this actually is interesting. But I do want to monitor the pound dollar tomorrow or moving into tomorrow. Yep, we reached this high. We talked about this on stream last night. I even was saying, I was like, you know, US 30 moves during Asia session. So we are above that sell side liquidity.
you know getting closer to those potential reversal zones but um no nothing's saying that we have to reverse here if anything if we do start to push down you know you have this massive imbalance there's going to most likely be some orders remaining there and then i'm most mostly looking for these equal highs let's see um i mean you've got this uh imbalance down here we're pushing into it's similar setup on nos but again i like nos's daily a little bit better it seems like this is reacting pretty heavily
No break of any short-term highs yet. A lot of times you won't see those reversals until coming into London close around 10. But sometimes they happen in the first couple minutes. So I always try to, if I'm going to trade indices on a day, I try to stay pretty much glued to them. But if you guys have any questions, feel free to drop them in the comments. Also, it helps me out if you like this video, for real. It really does. I underestimated it. I always forget to direct people to like it.
It actually, it's crazy how much, how many more views those videos do get. And also if you're in the server on Discord, make sure you, any messages you put, please put them in the, like the chat for crypto vibes because I won't see them until after the stream. If not, that's the only thing I have open. Rune also from last night, we talked about these equal highs, smacked right into them. Clockwork.
Didn't even go under any lows here. So no raid, no trade for me when it comes to indices. It doesn't always have to be the major sell side liquidity, but I need us to at least come under some form of a low. S&P. I think everything wants all these equal highs up here. Because I see this divergence here. US-30 actually did.
hit a low, but I'm not getting a trigger. I don't have any reason to enter, but I do want to keep an eye on that. So now I'm rating the buy side. Well, potentially rating, I should say. See how I react in the lower timeframes. I'm not married to the long narrative. If we do get a short setup, I'd take it, but I would take it with just half risk tolerance, so half a percent for me. Interesting. There's usually only divergence from...
one of the three sisters between the Dow, the NASDAQ, and S&P.
It's weird. SPY hasn't done anything. It hasn't made a lower low or a high yet. NAS has made a higher high, and U.S. 30 has made a lower low. But, I mean, it is PPI day, so kind of take a grain of salt. The Dow, I know the Dow can, it has some of the biggest companies in the country. It can shift really fast depending on major economic numbers. The price seems to be moving off this high right now.
And good morning. Easy. And yeah, I appreciate that, Tommy. You heard the man. Also, I'm going to start making more videos on YouTube that aren't streams. I just stream so much that sometimes I forget to make any videos. So if you guys have any suggestions, throw them in the comments. Message me however you want to get to me. But definitely some suggestions would be dope. So that way I know what would help you guys the most.
Somebody's little one got the phone the kids about to take a trade on your port, bro
My bad, dude. Oh, no, you're totally fine. That's funny. I know how it goes. My daughter, whenever I'm streaming, sometimes I'll be like, all right, dad's got to work. Unless it's really important, don't come in here. And then like five minutes into the stream, she'll be like, dad, like over here to the side. And she's like showing me something with one of her toys. She's like, it's important. Like, baby, it's not an emergency. Or I'll tell her it's an emergency she's bad about.
Crying. Well, she's like, it's an emergency. And I'm like, wait, what's up? What's up? And that's like something like totally not an emergency. That's good old corn doing. So I don't really see anything interesting on much of anything. It's actually, I mean, we got our little PPI pump, but not really seeing a clear direction personally. In the Dow, that was maybe a setup. Let's see if it.
And again, the thing with this right here, it's like, yes, we rated liquidity into an imbalance. First of all, yeah, I don't really see any entry. You know what I mean? I don't see a break of any high. I mean, we could consider all this highs. If anything, this, if we would have broke right above those little highs with displacement and not got pushed down, that would have told me that there's probably some orders left behind.
I don't see anything of interest. One thing I was actually talking to a friend that just started trading recently.
And I think once you start trading full time or like once you start trading sessions, you're getting a little bit more advanced and professional with it. I think that you like instill in your brain that like when it's New York sessions, New York open, got to take a trade. Like we're looking for a trade. And you're like, if you come into the market with that mindset, you will find a trade. I promise you. It's crazy what the human brain is capable of. It will literally morph.
data that the market's giving you into whatever data supports your own narrative. So being objective is, is, is key. And like, for instance, when I'm looking at this right now, I could see potential, you know, moves like I can, you know, us 30, if anything is giving me more vibes, but I'm looking at like, it's not really my model. It's not my entry. And I don't really, the target's not, you know, it's right here. So it's just not there for me yet.
Again, no highs or lows rated on S&P. NASDAQ kind of rated the high, but didn't really get any kind of break of structure in the one minute. Seems like we just came down and reacted to the upside, leaving imbalances.
And I'm so whenever we go over supply and demand, we're using internal structure to confirm supply and demand zones. I look at whenever I'm looking for a shift, you know, like a lower time from entry. I look for that a little differently because I had some questions. People are saying like, OK, well, you know, how is this a church? I'm not looking necessarily for a church all the time. That definitely will give you more confluence if that occurs. But.
More or less what I'm looking for is just any high or low to be invalidated. So for instance, in this situation, we could look at this. Actually, do we clear the high? Yeah, so in this situation, since we were bullish already, you guys that are in the private server know how we do internal structure is a little more aggressive if it's pro-trend. For instance, if I'm...
pro trend and it's bullish and I have like one like say we you know we're high or low and high low high let's say I'm trying to think of how to draw this might be easier just to show you
Let's just say, like, on this example, you know, see how... Did it? Oh, these are equal. Let's just say this candle right here was lower, this down candle. So we had, like, a move and then a small pullback. If this was lower, you know, theoretically, after we take the high again, we could move the low up to here for, you know, a change of character on a low time frame. That's just the way I do it. It's a little more aggressive. Some people argue it, but I know it works for me.
But when I'm looking for a shift, you know, trying to play a liquidity rate, that to me isn't really going to be a low because the candle next to it wasn't higher than it. Like for me, any candle like this is a low, right? This is a low. This would be a high. This is a high. You know, if we pivoted right here and started to move up and this just this price action rate stayed the same, that would be a low. You see what I mean?
So it is a little different for me the way I map out internal structure for change of character and just overall market structure and then also a shift in market structure. I'm trying to think of different words to use because I don't want to confuse people. I hope that made sense. If it didn't, ask me in the comments and I'll explain it again or in chat. Also, what's up, Matto, from the Discord? I just now saw that it's 11 p.m. Where's Australia? Probably. I'm guessing.
Korea. Oh, shit. Okay. Yeah, I've seen a lot of... I was watching... My buddy, he wants to move to South Korea, and I was watching a shitload of videos on just how clean the cities are and stuff. I can't remember if it was the capital or if it was a different city, but it was crazy. It was so much nicer than America, which is a lot of places, but Bitcoin really needs to get a closure up here.
if we want like more of a healthy move down but um if we don't get a closure and we just kind of like keep staying under this high we could see a flush and then i was also peeping a potential little three drives narrative but uh you know it's there i mean i guess this would be the form of the beginning of uh
distribution I think the early shorts got liquidated here everybody wanted to short Bitcoin right there they had this false perception of resistance and then price pushed up took them out and now above that high we have this little three drive forming and again we have that impulse of break of structure right after the news you know push up immediately whales sold that pump
Again, nothing really in the five minute. We are engineering liquidity down here. All these lows. People are buying here, here, and here. Really, they're buying probably here, here, but they're using that as their stop loss. Still not enough for me on Bitcoin either, really. And this fair value gap holds some kind of interest, but we didn't really break structure in the impulse move that resulted from...
uh this imbalance but or i guess i would say the imbalance that the imbalance resulted from the impulse move but um yeah so if we were to break a structure here like we came under this low i would probably be looking for a short but still kind of indecisive i don't think the market's really shown its hand all the way just yet but i do see a potential selling narrative building up it's not there for me yet
and whenever we're looking for these liquidity rates we want a um you know a really big push we want something that's we talk about displacement a lot but um we want something you know like a massive just dump into our zone or pump whatever we're looking for s p rate highs this is 43.9 nope they're equal might get slapped right here but
okay also um i just saw um these uh this stream chat that you guys posted my bad slim kim and um oh yeah hoochie i'll i'll unmute you where you at my bad bro oh wait no you're not muted oh push the talk oh um let me see if i can mess with it hold on camera if i have i don't even know how to do it or no yeah actually i don't have the i can't do it right now
It says you're unmuted and everything. I guess you're doing the push to talk. That's weird that it doesn't work. Maybe if you delete your app, it might help. Delete Discord and then redownload it. It wasn't that. I had some weird problem with something. It was my streams, but I deleted the computer app and redownloaded it. Or if you're on the phone, same thing.
So I'd like us to leave these equal highs. That'd be nice if we could preserve that. So now US 30 has made a high. Let's see how we react to this. I like this low. Getting closer to 10. I'm actually holding a lot of viewers lately. Well, not a lot. I guess a lot for what we've held. It seems like it's been like between 15 and 20 concurrent. So I appreciate the book out of you guys.
I'm going to start putting out a lot more stuff on YouTube. I've been just streaming, but I want to start putting out videos. Again, just throw some in the comments or message me, or if you're in the server, or if you're in live right now, just unmute your mic. Also, for you guys that are in, I know this sucks, Hoochie, you're probably like, fuck, because you want to talk. I don't know why I won't let you talk. I'm wondering now if that's why people don't talk, because I used to be like, damn, these dudes never freaking talk.
If I'm doing, like, a directed class or something, yeah, I'd appreciate it if you'd keep the mics muted until we're done. But if any stream like this, like, I would rather you guys talk than not talk. Always. And also, Blast.
I said couldn't agree with what I just said more. I found that if I look at any stock long enough, I'll find a trade. Nine times out of 10, it does not work. Yeah, no, I swear to you, if you go into the market with the mindset that you have to find a trade, I promise you, you will find a trade. We might find a trade here in a second on US 30. And specifically, what I'm looking for is us to rate a low.
Are not right on break a low with displacement so for instance if we start to see this motion right push up and then break down
That would be ideal. And I like it. I'd like for us to potentially... Oh, we did make a new high. Okay. And then again, it goes kind of like these lower time frame three drives. You probably think I'm crazy, but it's 15 seconds. Price is price. I like to see one, two, and that third raid. It's not mandatory to see that. Or not raid. I'm sorry. The third drive up in price.
But you can see also that each time price is driving up, like the distance, like, you know, this move right here, that's like 59 bucks, 51. It's decreasing every time. So it looks like we're going to get this move right here. I want to see how we close this candle. If we can close this nicely. And really the next candle, I want to see an imbalance form. And then I'll look for a sell down to this imbalance. As long as the risk rewards there.
I could probably take it a little lower, actually. I forget I was on a lower time frame. Let's see. Look at the one hour. Actually, I like that low just because that. Is this in a premium? Well, move this back to that. I'd probably actually take it to the fill of this right here, but I'd take some profits right there. I want us to form an imbalance. We're not doing it. We've got the move down here.
But no, no imbalance. So no entry for me. Not yet, at least. Because if we wanted to confirm that market makers are pushing price down super hard, we want to see a closure down here. And we want to see that imbalance preserved.
No, it's making new highs as well. See, that's exactly why I was saying over here. Which low was it? This right here. Because, oh, he broke down and got an imbalance, broke the internal low. That's a good example of a trade that somebody would force. You know what I mean? Because you could rationalize why it's there, but it's really not. It's a shame. I wanted us to push down because really, for me, there's no entry on a long here. I mean, we literally didn't go into any imbalances, not even on a five-minute, didn't rate any lows.
So, unfortunate. But whatever. S&P's clearing out those highs already. Corn moving with them. Not really. Honestly, surprisingly boring for the news today. But it was already priced in, if you ask me. With yesterday's massive fucking rally, it's gold doing. Is it dying yet? This actually could be another scenario as well. I like this right here.
didn't take the low though for instance like if we'd have seen this and taken that low i'd be selling this right now but we didn't take the low so also got these equal highs right here that might be i'm actually going to set an alert for that level because i don't want to sit and watch this but i like the potential gold shorts here but the problem is the dollar is falling and it's going to continue to fall i think so that would cause gold to move up
Dear well, I mean unless gold's really just completely dying Got some relatively equal lows coming up right here That is why we did not sell that while I'm speaking too soon. I could So it could still don't but I don't like this That's your mom's a hoe S&P is looking like Bitcoin charts lately Good morning, Mason. I just not saw that in crypto chat There's another setup. I did want to go over I think it's developing
Where did I find this? I want to see how we react to this imbalance. If we can break structure above here, I'll look for a return down into this area, this imbalance, to take price back up here, somewhere in there. But I think it's still developing as well. That's a URL JPY, something else I'm watching. Not much for me.
That was another thing I was talking about earlier, the Aussie news. We pushed this imbalance. Seems like it definitely went higher. I would look in here. I'm actually going to move this up. Depending on how that news goes tomorrow, we could see a massive fucking run in the Aussie dollar. I know they've been having a lot of news lately. Same with the U.S. USDCAD down here. This is something else we talked about for a while. It reacted to this daily order bucket and even get to the imbalance and pushed violently away from it.
So this tells me that we're seeking the sell side at this point. The imbalance and order block, you know, we could potentially see, but overall I could probably see this low getting taken out. We close this candle here. I'll watch one minute price action in this zone and that five minute imbalance. There we go. If it comes back, I'll look for price to dig into this and then break a stretch to the upside. But I would not be surprised if it just goes straight to these highs.
I did push up and make a little higher high, I think, right there. I did. That's why I didn't really like that short idea right here. I would have gotten stopped already, so that makes me feel better. After I don't take an intro and watch it, I'm like, you better not fucking do what I wanted you to. Can I peep B&B? Sure. No, I just said fuck me, so why not? Oh, yeah, it's going for this high right here. Unless it pipped it here. No, yeah, it's going right there.
This would be a very high value zone, in my opinion, for some cells. Anywhere in here. I'll actually set an alert. I need to start watching more cryptos because they are getting to that point. I try with crypto just to wait. I watch Bitcoin pretty much every day, but I try to wait until we're at those really pivotal points. I don't want my brain just made up a word, pivotable. Yep. We were talking about Monero, too. It came into our POI.
Really mitigated any supply that would be here, but this to me doesn't really look enticing to sell. On the lower timeframes, I would almost look at this like, oh, I don't know actually, because you kind of took these highs out into an imbalance and sold off. This actually might not be a bad little sell just right here. Let me see what the risk to reward is. It really would be this low. I wouldn't want to take it lower than that. I haven't entered this yet, so don't degen into it, please.
Launch the one minute and see how we react in here. I'm just putting this here for overall just evaluation of risk to reward. It's 2.5 right now. I'd like to see how the one minute reacts if we can break down below a low right here with displacement. And then we have a little bit of a tighter stop loss. I'm going to monitor this though. But for BNB, I would look for shorts above that high on the daily. But until then, you could maybe build longs around that.
I want to see what Bitcoin's doing too. Monero kind of moves on its own. The idea behind this, the reason I'm looking at this is I just see these relatively equal lows down here. And then if we look over here.
Price came above these relatively equal highs, five-minute break of structure with displacement, or shift in market structure with displacement. So now we're in that fair value gap. We moved pretty harsh into it. So I know that's going to leave a lot of low timeframe imbalances that we could see price just react and continue that order flow. But if we can get a breakdown with displacement in the one minute, I'd look for a sell down to the low. So if we can break down, depending on how we close this candle, this might form a low, or really this right here. That's what I'd look for.
And then that way we would be able to bring our stop down a little bit. Give us a much better risk to reward. Look at the indices as well. Just keep an eye on them. Yeah, it's going. Well, it's nice to have the bias play out at least, I guess, right? It's going to those highs just like we said. And that's why we didn't short US 30. Euro JPY reacted nicely to this zone. Sol juicy. Let's see. I'll take a peek at Sol really quick. I'm going to pop back in on Monero Prime mid TA, but...
Yeah, I mean, nothing's really changed since the last time for me on a daily. I could still frame trades around targeting this high. But it's interesting. That's not really super clear.
chart to me we have uh it seems like it's pushing to the upside right so we're looking for these highs i would i would that's what i would venture to look for but um after that we could come back down for this low unless we form an imbalance and then that would lead me to a more bullish narrative where i'd probably get involved but when i don't see a lot of imbalances um it's kind of like it discourages me from getting involved because i really limit how much stuff i watch i want excellent i want excellent to come down for me
I want to see actually on Rune how this is looking. Okay, I like this. So I'm actually going to set an alert for this right here. Would you guys also, something else I thought about, I was thinking about making another Twitter and just making it my trading view alerts because I can webhook it. I don't know if that would be something you guys would like, but I think that would be pretty cool. Look at UFO. I got you.
a bunch of ponzi's lately have been sending i've noticed that um trying to see how there we go a ton of ponzi's have been um been sending is it on trading i think it was on kucoin right like rune here so let's look at monero i forgot about it already so we can break this like we just did and we can hold maintain close here and form an imbalance i'd like to to participate in this nothing yet though
Oh yeah, UFO. Damn, look at that. We said something about this because if you notice, it took out all the targets for sure. Equal highs in this imbalance. I wasn't really even super, super interested in it, but it definitely pulled right to that weekly imbalance. Reacted pretty nicely off this zone too. Also probably some supply on maybe like a daily or four hour. You could look at this as, well, I don't know actually. I wouldn't really consider that supply.
Let's see if this is what we reacted to. Yeah, it's probably that four-hour supply. Cash, that's crazy. Did you have any of this, ZP? Yeah, this is an insane shit question. How much percent is this? Hundreds, probably? Yeah, definitely. Let's just look at the numbers. So I think we were like, where were we at? We had to be before this got breached, so I don't know. I'm just going to mark the candle before it. Oh, never mind. But the whole move is definitely hundreds, yeah. Okay, there we go. All right.
So now I want to see a move back into this zone. I don't know if the risk reward is even going to have been improved because it moved so fast. I did a little bit. So depending on how we close this candle, as long as we can close it and maintain this, I'll look for a sell entry. I can barely see the little mark for the equilibrium. Okay, there we go. I'm going to go ahead 166.44. I'm going to try to run and type it as quick as possible. It might go without us.
Well, she does. What are indices doing? Oh, wow. Look at that. Target met without me, but it's there. That's my ultimate interest. It's not the cleanest because, I mean, to me, I'm just going to wait for the impulse move to end, and I'll probably look for the first one that's in a premium. I'd actually probably pay attention to this. Oh, and very little UFO. Yeah, that's how it always goes. To be fair, you would have been a madman to...
to have a lot in that, so I don't feel bad. Reacted extremely well to our target, though. Hey, Casper. What's good?
Can you go, I know you do it all the time, but can you go over how you determine like a break of structures, a change of character on any time frame or any given time frame? Yeah, I mean, I can do it real quick, but then there's those videos that are for the, since you're in the Discord, you'll have access to those. I can, I'll send a link to, but for instance, like a break of swing structure is going to be more like these massive moves. You know what I mean? Like when we're looking at swing structure, it's going to be, you know.
this like right here like this would be a price swing so we had a closure above this high right here that'd be a break of structure and then we use change of character or our internal structure to determine when the pullback that we expect after a break of structure will begin so for instance um you know we had a break of structure here our internal structure in this example would be this low
right here so once that got taken you know obviously we knew at that point that the pullback was starting but that's how you determine you know when the pullback starting now also to determine when it's ending so if we look
this so we'll create this right here as soon as that happened that was telling us that you know the expectation now that we're going to push back to the upside and take this high you know that change of character introduced new demand right there that gave a trading opportunity to catch this move this is a complex swing because if you see we didn't follow expectation the expectation is that you know we broke structure once so now we're bullish
So now we aim to get the higher low and target the highs. But in this example, we can see that price did not breach this high. So we look to come down and take out any weak lows we made along the way. But that's just a little crash course. There's the playlist. I think it's pinned in lessons. If not, I'll pin it. But that has how we do internal structure.
change the character. Or I mean swing structure. Sorry, breaks of structure. Go ahead. So it's really kind of like looking at it like a fractal, seeing like the higher time frame break a structure and then going to your lower time frames to determine where the internal structure is? Well, no. Internal structure on a higher time frame is usually lower time frame swing structure. So like in this example down here,
Let's say when we broke I guess I picked this high but Right here. We broke down. Let's do this high We broke that that's gonna be our swing structure in a 15 minute. So
This would have been our swing structure. So yeah, that's our swing structure on the 15 minute or a one hour maybe as well. Sometimes it's more on the one hour, but internal structure on a higher timeframe is lower timeframe swing structure oftentimes. And that's not like a cemented rule. Like it doesn't have to be, but that is.
Oftentimes, because like you said, you know, when you're looking at something from a fractal perspective, the four hours, you know, is one four hour candle is 15 or 16, 15 minute candles and one 15 minute candle is 15, one minute candle. So, you know, each four hour candle or I'm sorry, each four hour internal range is going to be a larger range on a lower timeframe data set because that.
higher time frame internal range is going to span out over a lot longer or a lot more candles on like a 15 minute chart all right that makes perfect sense thank you oh yeah no problem and thanks for the question it gives me something to talk about nobody ever wants to ask anything so let's see what we're reacting to in here there's gone that's all right go ahead and cancel these though if i can xmr it's all right though
Um, Adeliki asked, I entered short at Monero at 167 range. Am I good? Yeah. I mean, you're in profits. So, I mean, I wouldn't just hodl, like take some profits here. If you entered higher up, I don't know what your stop loss was or what, what was your plan when it was here? Well, I mean, just think like, what was your original plan when you entered? And this will be a good exercise. Like if you can, if you sit, if you're thinking like, Hmm, I really didn't have one. Then you gotta,
you know that's something you really got to hammer out because once money is involved your emotions are turned on no matter how good of a trader you are like as soon as there you push that button as soon as money is actually involved you start your decision making process is blurred i don't care how good you are i don't care how long you've been trading once there's money involved you will make decisions differently even the best traders so
That's why the best traders, you've got to have a set plan of action. Before you push the button, you have to know like, where am I getting out? Where is this invalidated? How much am I trimming at these levels? And you have to stick to that plan no matter what, because let's say you get in a trade and...
price starts to move close to your stop loss or where, you know, you probably have that feeling sometimes where you want to, you know, get out, right? Or price starts really pushing and you're up and you're like, oh, this is going to go farther. Like the last time I took profits, it went on. Detrimental to your making because you're going to be influenced.
i don't know what is wrong it's like my discord has stupid problems too like right now it won't let like i can tag it i can go on my phone to tag the crypto role but i can't tag on computer it's so you guys have probably seen or maybe you have noticed that like all my act you know at crypto messages are separate but so whatever um go ahead and put this out
Probably should have just taken a five-minute entry, but I didn't really like the way it looked. Looking back, that would have been the entry right there. I've been watching Monero a little bit more recently. I like the way it moves because the one thing I like about it is it's kind of in its own lane. It moves differently than Bitcoin. The big moves, it'll move the same, but it kind of has its own lane, if you will.
Bitcoin is not like too hot here. I'm not going to lie to you guys. When's this four hour came? We got another hour. I might start looking for sales soon. You can break down at this and open up a fair value gap here. I'll look for a sell. Oh, I just saw this. I don't like it. Yeah, thanks. I was targeting the fair value gap below, by the way, but I've taken partial profit. Yeah, then I would like if you get in a trade and this is something like I catch myself having to like, you know, if you're in a trade like.
ride that shit bro and some people will tell you like oh I don't like if you don't like the way it looks cut out I'm a firm believer against that because once you push the button like whatever you know whatever idea you had you have to just stick with it I really I firmly believe that
And it'll also teach you, what it'll do is it will train you to be more selective. Because if you make that promise to yourself or that rule for yourself that like, okay, once you hit that button, you put in your take profits and your stop loss and it's done. There's no going back. And once you approach with that mindset, I think it gives you a little bit more accountability with yourself.
No, you got to literally input those values and then go for a fucking walk. Yeah, exactly. Like, don't even look at shit. Like, really. Honestly, those have been my best trades when I forget about the trading and I just get the trading view notification. Hell yeah. Always. So this is going to be interesting with NOS. Hasn't really breached all the highs, actually. I forget it. It breached the target we had, but it hasn't breached all these highs. I can still see it drawing up in this imbalance, but they said check mana.
I haven't looked at this in a minute. It's that old TA. You said just hit a four-hour order block. Hey, Casper, I just noticed. My bad, bro. On the XMR, you were targeting that breaker block, or the order block that failed, so that wouldn't be a breaker block, right? Let me peep it. Let me finish up this one. My bad. You're totally fine. It actually looks pretty decent. This one gets a little sloppy, but...
You know, I actually might average into this. It's a big four-hour imbalance. But that would be one of the targets. But overall, I would personally want these lows. But it is kind of counter-trend. I will say that. Because if you look on the four-hour, at least, I would say this right here is your swing range. So you kind of move up. You'll really be catching. Because at the end of the day,
We already came back down into a discount. God, my brain's not working. And then we moved impulsively back up. So ideally, you would want this high to get taken, but it seems like it's having some trouble here. So could it end up being a complex swing? But if that's the case, yeah, I would target the imbalance and that'd be out most. But I mean, I'd leave some for these lows because if that is the case, these would be considered a week. And they're also in a daily kind of equal almost.
They're not really equal. One of them is lower, but there's going to be stop bosses there. So with that being said, I might actually go ahead and let me see what this is looking like here. The stop where we're at. I'll just do the high over here. So it's not bad, but for that long of a move, I would like a little bit better risk reward, to be quite honest.
I mean, it meets the requirements though. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and get in 50% of the trade here. As quick as possible. It's moving. Well, you guys in stream got a little earlier than everybody else did, but I hate when that happens. That's why a lot of times, sometimes I'll go to signal some of you guys and it just like goes, like it's literally just moving.
Bitcoin doing the cha-cha slide, my boy. Yes, sir. That's what I was saying. I was like, Bitcoin don't look too hot. I like what you were saying about Monero, bro. That is actually one of the things it does. It's like on its own fucking time. You'll see the rest of the market shitting and Monero just pumping. Literally.
But like you said, mostly everything is just literally washing with Bitcoin, ETC, Ethereum. Whatever those two do, it's over. Yeah, no, 100%. XMR's a bitch, though, for those. I'm just kidding. It hit our target. I mean, it's always nice to see the narrative play out, so whatever. But XMR's mom's a hoe.
This is, I mean, it went to our target, so, you know. Yo, shout out Adeliki. That boy is up right now. Hell yeah. Yeah, Adeliki, how you doing? I would take, I mean, I don't know how much, like I said, if you're, you know, you said you already took partials. That's right. Okay.
I forgot you did say that. Nevermind. So you already took some. Yeah. And then target, you know, keep your target. So it's your trades unfolding, man. Happy you got in it. I missed or waited for the other entry, but it's all right. Now what I'm looking for in Bitcoin is I want to see a, um, a 15 minute imbalance form. It's going to take some time here for me, but, uh, I guess that one minute entry this morning would have been nice. It would have been not the cleanest. I mean, if you held it a lot, a little longer than, than this target, but.
It's just that the stop loss for me was just too high. I'm going to add mana to the watch list. It's growing. I hate my watch list growing, but I always add stuff that I'm in. Also, for reference, I'm looking to add. I need to put this right here is where I'll add. Bro, I just think another thing to keep in consideration when SPY is active, that's literally controlling the entire crypto market. Yeah, hell yeah. No, I think...
i was like the granddaddy of everything but i do notice like nas and bitcoin move because where nas is like the tech index i noticed that bitcoin like intraday not like you know major stuff intraday moves with nas like a like notice like nas like hit that high we talked about
And then, you know, just sold the fuck off right when Bitcoin's kind of at a pivotal point. Spy's probably selling off, too. Let's see, like, Spy isn't selling off that much, though. You see what I mean? Yeah, no, I can feel that. I can feel that. But it's weird because, I mean, it's like, you know, Bitcoin is a tech. I guess it's tech, obviously. So, you know, you consider it, quote, a tech stock, you know, to move with the tech stocks. So here, I mean, this is too early to draw this. We need this candle to close.
before we say it's a fair value gap. But if we have that, I'll look for lower time frame shifts in this zone to sell and get sell opportunities. Same with NOS. If we can get a 15-minute displacement, then we have these equal lows right here, but I'll still watch it. I'm going to set an alert. This. I want Bitcoin. If Bitcoin closed just like this, that'd be ideal. Yeah. I like, dude, scalping gold's fun, dude. It really is.
I thought I was on a 15-minute, damn it. As I said, this is a 15-minute. I would have scaled into a 1 and looked for a shift here, but by the time a shift occurs, that would be like a TP. I like pairing the 1-minute and the 15-minute a lot with liquidity. Because gold, it has these little ranges that will move in. There's so many liquidity raids on gold. It's just mass fucking manipulation, I swear to God. This would have been a nice trade right here. Did that tick that? No, it didn't. Never mind.
That's the shit, though, that gold does do sometimes. Like, it'll go down, like, right to the liquidity target. Like, literally right to the low or something, and then turn the fuck around. Like, we've seen on the weekly level. It's like, what the fuck? Retail winning, huh? Retail's just buying with support. Eating. I'd like to just go take the highs first and just leave all this down here. That'd be some fuck shit.
also you said i just kind of saw you said um entered bitcoin at 24.8 can i leave that again just stay with your i mean i'd maybe trim if you got a really nice end trip if you went heavy yeah trim some and stops break even once a trade like
once the trade goes like really green for you, especially if it's an intraday trade, like don't let that bitch turn into a swing that gets break even for no or a loss. You know what I mean? Like if you, you know, again, you have your plan, but let's just say, you know, you get in a trade and you know, it gets really close to your T like, let's say you shorted up here and, um, you know,
you know, your target was here, but price moves all the way down, like right near it, you know, respect your targets and stuff. But at that point, you know, de-risk yourself. You know what I mean? If it's an intraday trade, like don't, don't hold on to it for three days for it to come stop you out for a loss, you know, but, um, you know, I always enforce respecting targets though.
There are certain things like, you know, everything's a little, there's always a gray area, but like, let's say, you know, Bitcoin's dumping and, you know, you're positioning along and some other coin hasn't started dumping, you know, at that point, yeah, maybe take some profits or cut it. You know, you don't want to be too robotic and you need to be practical. Dude, daily on Bitcoin, if we close a day like that, that's not going to be good for, I mean, not overall stuff, but.
I'd see some retracement because again, it's that, you know, that one, two, three drive. And you can see again that the expansion, oops, wrong tool, the expansion is getting decreasing every time, right? It's getting weaker. So 28% move, 18% move.
10% move. So you see it's getting weaker. The impulses are getting slower and slower. So we could say that smart money is possibly distributing their assets here. How to target for the recent low, taking profit for the next RPS target. I mean, if you hit your risk reward and that was your recent low, like the way I do it, if I leave a runner...
I will leave that runner just for a crazy target. For instance, if you hit your full target here and you took 80%, I'd just leave it, to be honest. It stops at break even because especially the way Bitcoin's looking, you already made your money. You hit your target. So you could just kind of let it ride until you really start to see super bullish price action because this to me looks like we're rating liquidity.
you know with the news today it's just it's kind of picture perfect it's like the video i made on on this exact stuff yeah i needed to type the uh but definitely like i said i you said you've trimmed but um you know that that would be just the most important thing is that you made sure to trim oh yeah i need to alert the second half leave me an imbalance bitcoin
I mean, SPY doesn't even look bad. SPY looks like it wants more upside as of now. I mean, if we can get above this high, that'd be nice because theoretically you did get kind of this break of structure down with the displacement here. Yeah, I haven't really seen too much today that except good old XMR did exactly what we wanted it to, but without us. But I like mana. I like this trade. The main reason I liked it was because of this inbounds. Like, yeah, the supply zone, but I liked how it caused a really impulsive move.
But other than that, I haven't seen too, too much I was super interested with. I'm going to look at some 4X, just see what's up. It's made it up into a premium of this fair value gap. It seems like it's reacting with this equilibrium here. There's no law saying we have to go up into the top of this imbalance. I think I did it wrong. I thought that was right. Let's see how we react above this high.
I'm looking at a few if you want to check them out. Hell yeah. I have a couple plotted out. I got USD CAD, AUD, USD, and NZD. Yeah, I want to play AUD. So really on AU. I want the upside on AUD. I want that daily imbalance right there. Yeah, exactly. And they have new home sales tonight coming out.
which usually with, I don't know what it is, but I've noticed that that shit moves with that news a lot of the time. So I like that imbalance too. I'm going to send an alert for when we get into it. But I think it's, I mean, once we get into it, I want to see how we react like on a higher time frame. So I think it's still developing, but I do like the narrative. And if we can get like, let's say we do something like this.
and then break down displays on like a four hour, you know, that'll, you know, lead me to look for shorts in that area. And I'll target way down here, all these lows imbalances along the way. But, and, um, I'll swing it too, because I, I've been, I haven't really been watching Forex like intraday as much. So, but I do want to get some exposure to some swings.
What was the other one you said? USDCAD? Yeah, I think USDCAD is going down here. It wouldn't be bad. I might actually start looking for cells on this intraday.
I put up the chart yesterday. I was waiting for, if you look at, I think it was like an hourly. It had displacement. God, this was a clean ass setup. I wanted 50% of it to come back up. And it did that. It's been moving this morning a lot with the market. Yeah, this was nice right here, dude. Because like, it was during kill zone. We rated this high right here.
wonder if it even gave an entry it looks like i'm just flew out well yeah no i did took a little bit but you broke down here you could have entered really anywhere in this area i've thought about starting to just look at just like that right at eq but um you know like not in this scenario i've been fire you could have just took a soul or took a soul you could have sold or taken a cell anywhere in the premium right here in any of these fair value gaps and boom you know just held it for the move of the session
The main target would have been over here. Yeah, I like both these setups. Both of these have been moving well, too. Something's involved, you can tell, when you're just looking at the chart. May I come up to our... No, not yet. That's an alert. I said XMR took 50%. Might re-enter. Damn, everybody got in but me, huh?
I wouldn't do the I wouldn't reenter those limits. I mean, do you? But for me, I mean, I don't know, actually, it could end up because it's this fair value gap could hold some interest. But to me, it looks like a lot of the sell sides getting removed and we could maybe go up into these highs. And it's a stretch. But if you look, if we could get like.
If we would have broke this high, this is enough displacement. If we broke the high right here, I would actually probably look for a buy back up into this high up here. The reason being is because, for one, I think this looks almost like it's kind of absorbing this supply. It's not really getting massive. I mean, we did get a break structure downside over here, actually. I mean, it's feasible because we have this fair value gap. Oops.
you have that in there i would just if you're gonna do it like i wouldn't set a limit i would just watch the one minute for a raid like maybe of this high right here into that fair value gap and then watch the one minute you know to break down i mean that actually wouldn't be terrible to be honest
If XMR moves, I mean, it seems like it moves pretty clean. Maybe I'm not sure how the one, because a lot of crypto, I would have noticed that the one minute, it's just not efficient sometimes. I will say like, and when I say that, I don't mean that the price action is not necessarily respected, but it just does what XMR did. It just leaves you. Bitcoin, I like the one minute for liquidity rates, but 5-bit on Subcoin seems to be the move.
Also, you've got a lot of trendline liquidity forming right here. And you still have that daily imbalance that hasn't been... Oh, wait. Never mind it. I already did get filled. My bad. I just saw that it was above. I'll take that off. Yeah, I mean, it's feasible. I wouldn't set limits, though, personally. I'll set an alert for the fair value gap and just watch it. I actually have to head out of the house here in a little bit. But I'll attempt to keep an eye on it.
There we go. Okay, so now that Bitcoin formed that, that gives us something to frame trades around. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to set an alert right here. And when price goes into that imbalance, I will look for low timeframe break structure. The same thing we're looking at here. I look for that on a one minute. I just realized we've been on way longer today than usual.
Yeah, the stock market's about to pull back heavy. Yeah, I could see it for sure. Oh yeah, we're about to get everything finally. Watch though, it'll just fucking dump. What is Dirty 30 doing? I was just trading Tesla. That shit was nerve-wracking. Just complete silence, staring. Oh yeah, it was complete silence, extreme focus, no blinking. I started blinking when I sold my puts.
You know, I actually might take S&P sell here. I actually just asked me a question on Twitter that, so they said, you're bearish right now when I posted this. That doesn't mean I'm bearish. I mean, like, define bearish. You know what I mean? Like, does that mean I'm like, oh, 15-minute break strikes, we're going 18K? Like, no. But, like, it means, you know, I could see a move down intraday. Yeah. You know, so.
Damn, that level was fucking pico. And that's why I picked the lower high. I mean, I don't think we'll probably end up still clearing this, but that's why I always pick the first one. If they have a set of relatively equal highs, I'd just look at the first one. I don't try to be greedy because you look, we didn't even meet the second one. But that shit smacked. Literally, the high was 13,555. Target was 13,551. So is the mana doing that thing? Not as much.
Trading views like they make so much money off people and they can't even they have like the jankiest alert system I've ever seen Also like this Well, at least our target was Matt. It's probably going for these lows right here If we can find that lower amount you
I don't know. It's my internet. I swear, man. I don't know. I have Ethernet, and it's gig internet, but my luck with connection. Maybe I just noticed it more because I live stream so much, but it's so fucking inconsistent. And yeah, ZP is always bullish or bearish, and it's like... I mean, I get it. I get what people are asking.
I'm just more concerned with where I think today is going. You know what I mean? Where do I think today's price action is going to end up? That's more or less what I'm looking for. Oh, actually, this might be a nice little sell opportunity as well. I want this down here. I like these as well. Alert. There's some action on crypto today, just nothing on indices for me yet.
I don't really keep much. I don't do my Binance as much anymore. Well, it's a trade. I'd rather have gotten some on Bitcoin. That's all I can really trade, or ETH, with volume at least. This is what I was going for. Yeah, went right for those lows, it looks like.
And this is what I was talking about in last night's stream. And this could continue down here for sure. But I wouldn't be surprised if, you know, you take out these lows and then you retrace just a little bit. Right. So like maybe something that like shorted. Yes, this wouldn't be that great of an example except for the lows. But you can see like these lows get taken and then price might move back up and fill the imbalance before coming down. A lot of people get confused by that. They're like, what the fuck? We didn't clear the actual low. But, you know, look at it from a practical standpoint of like, you know, there's orders there.
It definitely can go down here, but you can also see, you know, come under there, pip that, kind of come down, then take it out. Because it's just bouncing between wherever orders are at. That's it. That's all that's going on. So I'll actually go ahead and watch this for gold. Didn't clear the O equal high, so that's okay. Gold leaves them a lot of times. Watch for potential. Low time frame. Break a structure under this low, and it's fair value gap to just retrace some of this move, potentially. But we'll see.
so now i want to see how i react under this low inside this imbalance and also yeah thank you uh for pointing out mana i like that i like it gold did that dash i wanted it to do i should pay yeah i was waiting i wanted it to come above these highs but gold seems to leave a lot of that it always is engineering
Highs or lows and not taking them. I like my potential gold longs here if I can get what I want in the one minute. But just up into maybe these highs right here. I'll go the same way you feel when you're trading Tesla. That's how I feel when I trade Solana.
Yeah, like, yo, you see, you see that dot, that dot dump yesterday? Yeah, I got out in profits at nine to. Heidi, Heidi got caught.
Damn. I paper-handed my Tesla shorts. That's all right. That's it. I said it's sketchy, bro. Yo, Moderna pumped a fucking 20% today. Fucking great. She's going to go to the mall. But the whole stock market's tanking right now, so. Fuck. Damn it. We should have just market shorted S&P. I hate fuck.
I catch myself thinking that a lot of the time. Like, I'll, like, wait for something. Dude, I'm so off topic. But when I was moving, like, the armrest in my chair got, like, a dig in it. And it's, like, coming off. Like, a little chunk. I'm so fucking pissed off, bro. But, no, we should have. That was random. Sorry, I was just hitting into it. We should have just marked it short of it. Yeah, this kind of looked like the Utah. Like, I was telling Longwave the other day. It's something, huh?
I like a three drive, too. Look at that. I think we'll get an entry, though. This is what I have for the SMP. I like this imbalance. Yeah, it's definitely the UTAD. I don't know why I didn't short it longer. LPSY. Or LPS, or whatever. I don't even know. I think it's LPSY. I think that's what it is.
Here, I'll show you. I'll put it in chat. The schematic I have. Yeah, literally everything is made me watch gold. And also, I'm probably not going to, well, I mean, you might see a little relief move here, but I probably won't participate. Gold's not giving me anything yet. Okay, I hate when I'm on a, I thought I was on the 15th, but I was like, why does this look so fucked up?
I like this setup as well for US 30. They're all giving a similar setup. So when you ask me on Twitter what I think about Anchor, I know it fucking pumped massively. I saw Playboy pumping or posting about it. Pumping about it. God damn, it's been a long time since I did see on this. It's like back in March. Probably going for this imbalance right here. Above a lot of equal highs though. Massive move. That's fucking crazy. This daily close on Bitcoin is going to... If we close like this...
That's not gonna be too too hot because it'll be almost look like a three-drive on the daily and I would look for back down into this area right here because we went more than 50% of that weekly imbalance to This is the proper time for people get wrecked to everybody's like FOMO because they didn't buy the bottom They're gonna buy up here. I forgot to post that picture for that person
That boy Glacier boy is saying the exact same thing. It's funny. Did he really? Yeah, I think that's literally we're at that point where everybody's like the SMC trader inside. It's like, why is it up, up, up? Like, you know, like you got to know that's just not healthy. And like you, like you said, you got people like they get, they get tired of waiting for the pullback for their entry and they're just like, fuck it. I'm gonna get in here. And that's when you know it's over. Yeah, exactly.
We're going to flip bull in the market for sure. Say what? We're going to be bullish in the market for sure. What do you mean? Like when? Just overall? Yeah, at the level that the S&P is up. Yeah, I could see these highs like next target. And then also all the inflation numbers, PPI, everything is leading towards. And August is usually right. August is usually bullish, right?
Yeah, it's fucking nuts. This could be like on the SMP. It could have just been reaccumulation. Oh, like the entire thing? Yeah. That's what kind of sucks about Wyckoff. You can get distro and reaccumulation confused. Yeah, because one changes to the other very quickly. Yeah.
So, like, this on SPY, or, like, on the SMP, this move up, where you see, like, where I have UT, it could have actually just been breaking the auto rally from the selling climax. They're creating a sign of strength, and it's retesting the sign of strength, and it's just gonna fucking rail to 4303, clear those highs. I wouldn't doubt it. It's fucking nuts. Yeah, no, I could see that, for sure.
I'm also probably still pulling into this imbalance overall. I can see some retracement first, though. Oh, shit. We've been on here for like two hours. I'm going to hop off here of setups I'll be watching or the imbalance we went over on Bitcoin indices. I like gold for a potential relief. I'll post it if I enter. But, yeah, until tomorrow, I will see you guys later. Peace.
