All right, I'll give everybody a second to get in here. This morning's been pretty boring unless you de-gen pre-CPI sells. Because even if you tried to sell as it started dumping, you got a terrible fill, I bet. The main thing I have an eye on here is Bitcoin. I like the setup a little bit more than...
the indices right now. It hasn't really given anything yet. I mean, just something, you know, framework. We came under this low into this fair value gap, really under all these lows. We took out a lot of sell side on the lower timeframes. I wouldn't really say the, you know, the one hour sell side for me is going to be far down here, but we are coming into a discount of the one hour impulse move. And I just picked the two points where we moved the most impulsively away from.
Down here, I feel like you could, but this is where I've got mine. I just like it because you see a little bit of a move, a consolidation, and the real move.
Overall, what I would like to see, so from a high time frame perspective, one thing I noted, so the breaker that I had, I usually use bodies for the higher time frames. I was actually just talking about this in the Discord this morning. But you can see it didn't come to the body. It did come literally right to the low. So interesting how it rejected off that pretty nicely. Another thing that I want to point out.
And for those of you who use CFD charts, I was using, I think it was, I think I have it on some other. Yeah, I was using the Oanda and it's been frustrating this week. So there's been two times where key levels weren't cleared on the CFD charts. So like for instance, here on NAS, it wasn't even close to the order block.
um spx hit into it but the prices are way way off recently this last week with um what nq is and yes i highly recommend not using the just paying the extra couple dollars to get the the cme data because just frustrating um didn't really make that much of a difference obviously this morning but it's still just when i see like that much off i'm just like what like that's crazy
um that's a lot that's a big ways you know i mean especially with these daily key levels it's one thing if it's a different price i don't care about that but the distance from these levels is like whoa it's you know and another thing too i i kind of like the opening gaps we get um on the cme group charts so yeah for indices this morning
I don't really see, I mean, looking back, like I went back in hindsight, tested something. You could have waited for the, you know, here's market open. So you had the initial pump. There was no liquidity raid, but you did come into this fair value gap. And if you look at the one minute, you know, I can't say I would have even, you know, maybe someone caught this. But, you know, looking back, there was an entry given there.
You know, it's one of those where it's like to do a back test and to just, you know, a little case study. But, you know, what was really the MO with that one if you caught it? I mean, I don't know. Potential move. And it's still nothing really, in my opinion. Not a great move. So markets are kind of just chilling out. If there's anything today, I think it's going to come after the lunch hour.
Whenever I'm looking at DXY, I really want it to... There's a gap, I think, on the 4-hour. Sorry, it's drawn a little wrong. That we're in right now, we're actually putting a little bit above it. I want to see DXY fall under this. But even then, it's like, you know, we're looking at a 5-minute. I mean, the target, really, for me, would be just right there. So it's nothing major. You might want to come down into a discount of this move.
Would wait on that before I got really into any longs on indices. Bitcoin's not really showing any strength either. The DGENs won today. The people who gambled or shorted before the news came out. That was who fucking ate today. And I mean, it was clean too. I mean, if you look, it went right into those daily order blocks on NASDAQ and ES. But at the same time, it's like, you know.
I don't know who caught this. I think it was there for like one, not even 15 seconds probably. Yeah. I wonder how many actually. Hold on. This is ridiculous, but I'm just curious at this point. Okay. It stayed there for one second. Starting to show some strength here on indices though. Nothing major, but I'm looking at NASDAQ.
Obviously we have the massive reaction on the daily order block, but then I saw this gap down here and this order block.
The overall structure is pretty clearly bearish. We have our high here, came up, mitigated that supplier and that order block, and now we would look to take these lows. But I could see, you don't wanna bet on it without confirmation, but I could see some form of a little relief move down here, somewhere up into this imbalance, but at the end of the day, can't bet on it.
I wouldn't ride the long too far up in there. For Bitcoin, I like the narrative of potentially moving back up and mitigating this. Before I move down, that's totally not required. But personally, the zone that I like is going to be this candle down here. I'm actually going to move this to the top and just watch it as it enters into the candle. But that's the zone I have for Bitcoin.
But again, you're going to need confirmation entries. I don't want to just set a limit and then let it ride. There's really no logical stop. So pretty far down. But at this point, whenever we're looking at the daily chart, all of this, we talked about the three drive. We wanted a price to come up to an optimal entry, which it almost did. And after that, I mean, it's pretty clear where we're going, in my opinion, overall.
would be down under these lows, but I do like that breaker. Like NOS is showing, NOS NES is showing a little strength here in the five minute. For me personally, I don't touch indices during lunch, so I wouldn't take this, but in one minute it's probably clearer.
Somebody said, what do I deem a raid versus a break of structure? So you can use a couple different strategies. Yeah. I mean, you can't, well, with volume, volume is good for crypto, but it's kind of hard to watch sometimes on Forex pairs and stuff because a lot of brokers don't. I just look for displacement because I've even seen sometimes like with volume, I think volume is like important for what you do with like Wyckoff and stuff.
But with just lick rates, I could have a shitload of volume and no displacement, and I wouldn't take it. I just have to have the displacement. So the best way I can say as far as entering them, if you're using a daily or a four-hour level, I would use a 15-minute market structure shift and then enter in the fair value gap. And then for a lower timeframe like intraday raid, you could use the one-hour highs and use a five-minute.
shift in market structure with displacement or 15-minute raid with a one-minute confirmation. With crypto, I mean, in my experience, I have better, I guess, efficiency with the five-minute. I don't really like using the one-minute as much as far as for liquidity raids, but it really just depends on how big the displacement is. If there's a massive drop,
on the one minute after a 15 minute raid, you know, and the TPs are good, I'll take it. Nice PA for lunch hour though. They just meme everybody and just pump it at lunch. Like I said, that Bitcoin is what I have my eyes on more so. What is, oh yeah, fuck yeah, Frizz, that shit went crazy. I just now saw this. Sniped on FTM. Hell yeah. Well, immediate, immediate TP on that one.
What is this? Oh, the long. Yeah, I'm just watching Bitcoin. And honestly, I wouldn't even look to take it super far. Because, I mean, if I can get a good risk to reward and target this imbalance with these highs, I'd be satisfied with that. I wouldn't even push it much farther. If I can get a two to three R.
Ideally, I would want to retrace it higher, but the only thing with corn that I don't like about this breaker is it's back above the weekly open. So we talked about this in the private class, how to use...
price action right after the weekly open, just like we talked about the daily open during the Asian range. But once we see price move above the weekly open into a higher timeframe price delivery array, which was our daily breaker block, and then see a nice reaction like this, ideally we want to get a retracement to OTE, but a lot of times you won't see it if it's above the weekly open.
Yeah, this is mainly on the setup. I'm watching I don't think there's any need to force anything or watch you know a bunch of different setups in my opinion the best time to well I guess the best pairs to watch after massive moves like that are you know kind of your majors and whatever market you're trading in Forex is whatever but You know with crypto. I just watch Bitcoin. Let me take a look at ETH. I know a lot of you guys probably want to eat
So, you know, what's fucked is ETH actually gave a decent entry. If you use the four hour internal structure, I'd mark this up. So we have this four hour shift right there with displacement. No fair value gap. So I just do the supply out and then price was kind of hanging out around it. And I draw this zone, but I didn't take any trades off it just because I didn't really like this reaction that I don't really consider that a sweep.
but it looks like it came back up and took liquidity. If you just traded the four hour, you would have made some cake there, but not only my style as far as the move down. But with ETH, let me just clean this whole chart up. It's odd how it didn't really tap into this candle, but it's probably an OTE of the impulse swing, which I would say really was more right there. Yeah, that's what it was. That's this imbalance that literally is the OTE.
So for ETH, that was where you started to react from. So for ETH, I see this as, you know, we came under these lows and then you're in this fair value gap. I think you actually got into this demand candle right here as well. And which is a one hour breaker, it looks like. This whole little, I'll just use this whole area to be honest. Yeah, for ETH, I mean, I don't see enough displacement, but I like this setup though.
So price came into that break or also the demand candle on the one hour. We took out these relatively equal lows and that sell side liquidity. So now at this point, I would look for at least some form of retracement, ideally to equilibrium if there is something there. There's just not much. Actually, I like this setup here. On Bitcoin and indices, it's just like a straight death rocket down. There's nothing really to take many profits at.
Yeah, I would probably just cut her there. I do take anything. Oh, wait, I'm the one minute. Hold on. That's why. I was like, damn, there's a clean little POI there, but no, yeah, this would be where I'd be out. Check BNB. Take a look. So BNB, I mean, I see it as the four-hour shift to bearish in that daily order block. And then...
I mean, if you were trading supply and demand, you would look at this zone as a potential entry. Let me see the daily supply zone, four-hour change of character there. 15-minute comes back up into the zone, sweeps, obvious change of character there. So, you know, at that point, you would look for this zone, but I wouldn't pretend necessarily long up to it. I mean, I would definitely entertain shorts off of it. I'll actually set an alert for it.
But that's kind of the narrative I see on the four-hour BNB. The daily seems like we just came up, tapped into this order block. Now we've moved down. We could see some form of reaction here in this imbalance, but I wouldn't bet the farm on it. You've definitely got a bunch of stops under this low.
And one could look at that as an order block if you'd like, but I would be more paying attention to the stops if you don't hold above this fair value gap. Now the four hour, if we're looking at it, similar to Bitcoin, it's in that breaker block to push you down. So you could also look at that as a potential framework for longs, but it's obviously showing no strength as of yet.
Pretty bearish structure for now, but I would just wait for, you know, at the minimum of a fifth. Oh, if you're gonna, if you're using the logic of the breaker block, I would probably wait for a 15 minute shift before I even got involved in that. What are indices doing? Do they respect that? So no trade zone for me for indices, but I am going to study this and just see how it goes. Not really much of a fair value gap here, but it's there.
Somebody said Luna Classic is an order block. Yeah, I wouldn't touch that shit with a 10-foot pole. Just because stuff moves a lot doesn't mean you want to play it. Where is the, is it like 1000 Luna or something? Is there like a, isn't there perps for it?
Let's do this one maxi these motherfuckers keep hitting me up for a partnership and I won't do it I don't I just don't like the idea of the partnerships of the exchanges especially like these unestablished ones whenever the world's about to go into like a whole Fucking worldwide recession like a lot of those are gonna go out of business and people are gonna get fucked Mexi. It's a fucking exchange. It's like
It's like you see all these people on Twitter. They're all doing these partnerships. They're hitting everybody up. There's Delta was going hard for a while. I've heard good things about Delta, but I just couldn't, unless it was like Binance or something, I would never do it just because I don't trust any of these non-KYC entities that, let's just say, they become illiquid. What do you think? You're going to get your money? Like, yeah, right. Yeah.
I'm in a classic. I'm actually just interested to look at this. See if it respects TA. There's not much TA to do on it. Yeah, I wouldn't fuck with it, man. What do I think of Phemex? They've been around a long time. No, I'm thinking of Poloniex. No, no. I'm sorry. Don't quote me on that. I'm actually not sure. I was thinking of Poloniex just because of the P.
Yeah, I have. I mean, hell, even there's even rumors people said about Coinbase going under and all sorts of things like that. So it's like, you know, you really never know. I mean, if I'm looking at it from the daily, I see it as it's came back most likely to a premium of that impulse move or I mean, a discount of that impulse move. And now is inside a fair value gap.
You said you've used Mexi. Yeah, I mean, I'm sure it's good. Like, I'm sure it's not like a rug. I'm not saying that. I'm sure they're pretty honest and all that good stuff. But I'm just saying, like, in the event of, like, you know, cataclysmic market crash, which I think that we're in for this year, or maybe if not this year, next year, probably this year, you know, I mean, there's going to be people that are going to go under.
And that's when you really, you know, when you really find out. I don't know. I look at this like a potential little three drive up into this zone. So probably see some blood there. But what's up, Joel? Yeah, no, I don't blame you. I don't blame you for sitting on your hands. God, what do you do at jail? You just, I was going to say, I was like, I hope you are. You got that funded.
That funded site might go ahead different if you let it. Yeah, sure. So in the weekly, there's still obviously these equal lows. We went over these quite a few times. But I mean, you could still look at this as an area of liquidity as well, just the base point of that rally. Oops, wrong thing. So a lot of liquidity down below as far as the weekly goes. We also just filled this imbalance going pretty early into the week. So, I mean, the weekly candle, I think, is going to close bearish.
That's what I'd see there. Daily, you've got this low right here. Really all of these lows I would look at, but the daily definitely looks like it wants to close lower. Usually I would say to potentially watch for maybe one of these imbalances, but the weekly tells me we want the lows. So bearish, obvious sentiment here.
If you get lucky and get a return back up to this four-hour candle, that would be a good place to look for sales. But I wouldn't bet the farm you're even going to get there. So on the one hour, got this low and came off of it, but nothing on the five-minute yet. I mean, that's like I was saying earlier, if I'm going to use a one-hour low, I want a five-minute break, a shift in market structure with displacement, which I haven't seen here yet.
If anything, I would be waiting for a buy-in to a sell or just wait for the sell. The buy move probably isn't going to be... Could go up farther than this imbalance, but that's where I would be fully out of, is that four-hour supply. You read some logs, you read? Oh, okay. I was wondering. I was like, wait. I was like, hold on. Right? Yeah, I went straight into that imbalance and just boom. Sure. I haven't done tea on this in a while.
Similar with Sol, weekly order, or sorry, weekly fair value gap, supply introduced within it on the four hour. Somebody's in trouble. Oh shit. I'm actually curious at power of three with this one. That was pretty immediate. Why is it doing that? With a door dasher? Oh, true, true. Nice. Hell yeah. Yeah.
Ape could make a little move. If you take the move from the high of the day down to here, this is ideally where you'd want to have a retrace coming into the London close, but it obviously didn't give that.
With this one, I would be kind of just waiting as well. I wouldn't force anything, sells or buys at this point. It's kind of in a random little zone. And it looks bearish, obviously, but if anything, I would just wait until you come back up to this four-hour zone. What's DXY doing? It's still kind of just hanging out above this fair value gap. Ideally, you wanted to fall under it and stay under it if it's going to go lower. What is it? That already played out, right?
Did he set a limit? I thought he just bought... I thought he bought... Oh, yeah. I mean, that was also before it fucking railed, too. So I wouldn't just set a limit there, personally. I mean, unless he said to directly, because I don't... Well, I'd ask him. I don't think he set a limit. But it doesn't look terrible here, honestly, in the four-hour. If they can get a reaction down under this zone, but look at the daily. That daily looking kind of rough now.
And sells been had but kind of in somewhere really in this fair value gap here Did I get I would have been close to getting stopped that actually been a really nice trade
Cause it's like, and this is what I was saying with the daily levels. So like, let's just say you look at that daily high, right? When you wait for a 15 minute to, uh, you know, break down, which would have been with displacement would have been right there or really that low. Then you take that impulse move. This is where most people mess up. They're going to do this. But what you want to do is take that impulse move. Just that little bit right there.
And then you can look at the first imbalance fill at a premium now, or first imbalance at a premium. Like you could have looked at just this right here. That would have been fine too. Still a great entry. You know, it was like a, it was like a whole.
like 12 hours. Yeah, you just set your limits and just let it, and then it kind of just moseyed around if you move stops to break even. But really, I mean, with this, I mean, shit, I would be targeting all the way down here. It'd be the full TP just off the daily chart because now you took the buy side here and now you're going for the sell side. That's why I would look at it. But I would be trimming, of course, along the way.
Yeah, crypto man, you can really just play the 15 minute on a lot of these fucking coins. Oh, yeah, Mang actually brought this up to me. Litecoin has a very nice setup. So if we do look at this right here, cam up that high. You got that shift and you have that little setup right there. I'm actually going to set an alert for that. This all this right here. JL, what do you think? I'm not really a Wyckoff guy. Litecoin. Like 15 minute.
I would say it probably was above that old high. Yeah. I think he was saying this up here. Like this into that. Yeah, this was this one over here. I like this zone though. Really, even the higher imbalance would be nice as well. What crypto is just absolutely demolished today? Hold on. Let's see. GRT got fucking railroaded today.
I guess we drew out these imbalances. I don't even remember, but NIR as well. And AVEX left us in the dirt the other day. That was sad. That was so sad. I try to not trade really like total fucking random shit coins. I had to try to keep it in the majors. At least. Dude, AVEX in the daily. This doesn't look... Well, I don't know. Actually, the volume on that pushdown is pretty gnarly. Can I look at NIR? You mean NIR? I'm guessing.
I don't know if there's one that's NERA, but I'm guessing you mean near. I wouldn't have really paid much attention to that, but it seems like there's probably some supply in this wick was what I was most likely gravitating towards. Nasty move down.
This is where I would entertain potential cells. You may not get a lot of times when we move very violently away from zones. You just have to accept you might not get the entry you wanted, but just kind of wait. And if it does, it does, great. Then, you know, make a move, but don't force anything. Because days like this really inspire FOMO and like searching for a trade, like coins in that zone. See how she reacts. But yeah, I feel like...
Don't stray away from your model. Days like this is where you'll do it because you'll see this and then your mind's looking for something. Searching, searching. Whether it's there or not, you're going to find it when you're in that mode. If you let yourself become consumed by the will and want to trade. CRV wants these lows too. CRV's been dying.
Yeah, with near, sorry, I got sidetracked. Yeah, near, I would just wait for that zone. We did finish near actually, nevermind. Yeah, pretty boring today so far. I mean, obviously not boring if you cut the move down, but I didn't sell before CPI. So just chilling today.
Lunch hour will be coming to an end soon, and we might see some volatility in indices. I've noticed a lot of times with indices, the move comes after the lunch. You know, on these days where you have a really massive move, the morning usually is a little bit more kind of chill and just kind of a little consolidation before either a continuation or reverse on the afternoon.
I said Bitcoin to 11K. Yeah, probably at some point. It's a monthly order block down here. Or is it right there? Looks different on the perps chart. Yeah, DXY is consolidating in this gap. It's almost moved back to the original. And I really wanted this sell side to get taken here. Really wanted that.
But if we put in new sell stops above it, that might be engineering something for a later date, but it would lead me to think higher. I was hoping we'd get this push under it before CPI and then have this massive move, but we did not. The guy who joined, and I saw some of you guys were messing with him, but the little dude, 32, in stream chat, that's one of my homies in real life.
But yeah, I mean here it's giving what I would like for an entry, but since it's the lunch hour, it's going to be a no-go for me. Might catch something in the afternoon, but I won't force anything. Mainly I'm going to be watching NQ and ES. Bitcoin, I have alerts set. I was hoping we'd get a break while we were in this gap. Seems like it may want something lower though. So looking at the four hour, I mean we're in a premium, or sorry, I always say it backwards. We're in a discount now.
but no signs of strength. If anything, I'd be looking for a long on indices two. I mean, we might continue to the downside, but I don't want to short after that big of an impulse move without retracing any of it. But the longs would definitely be into cells, if anything.
It's a pretty boring day. If any of you have any other questions, go ahead and shoot them off because I'm probably going to hop off here. There's not much to really go over. We just got to let the market do its thing and kind of recover from that much of a move. I think we're coming also close to the previous range as high on Bitcoin. Something else I've been messing with, I'm actually just curious. No, I'm going to do it that far. I think it's actually this. What would it be? Okay, and now it's just not working for whatever reason.
Guess it won't let me draw that. I have really messed around with this. I'm trying to draw just the volume profile for this range, but sometimes I know that if it's too far back, it won't do it on certain time frames. Yeah, it's not. Or wait, maybe there's a setting actually. There we go. That's what it was. I was like, I know the last time I messed with this, I had the same problem.
See, I know a lot of people that trade with this, they use the old value high as potential whenever we see these range deviations, which end up being power of three a lot of the times where we have this move down, that manipulation distribution up into our higher time frame level. You'll usually return down to the old range value high around that area and then start to see some form of retracement.
somebody said at eth um yeah i'll take a quick look at eth we went and trb i got you guys yeah nq doesn't look terrible here trb get a little trb um you take this low no i personally wouldn't touch it until you're under that low it did it i think it actually did pip it yeah it did by one penny
At this point, I would be watching the 15-minute to give a break up, but I wouldn't count on it. You're going to need a big push-up with displacement to consider any kind of longs, but for shorts, I mean, really, you could look at this little range right here. I'd probably just look at the last candle.
That's a nice setup because I like these whenever they're decisional. So basically at this, you know, this setup, either we get a reversal and you could go short taking out these lows or, you know, that gets invalidated and then you have a long setup. So it's either way it goes. This level is pretty pivotal because if you get a displace and break a structure on the 15 minute, you'd look for an entry based off of the fair value gap that was left or, you know, the 15 minute or the five minute.
whichever you're using gives you confirmation. For more downside, you take a sell to the lows. And then what was the other one? ETH, that's right. Oh, ETH's actually showing nice strength. So what we went over earlier, I think this was actually a 15 minute breaker block or a one hour. Yeah, there was this one hour breaker, this little zone we drew on Bitcoin also at the fill and then that demand candle. Then we also took out these lows. You know, actually, if this agrees with indices, I just...
I'm not liking where indices are at yet enough to want a long crypto. Actually, I think there's that. Didn't the ETH merge happen today? Okay. I heard somebody say they were already trying to fucking 51% it or something like that. I don't know if that's true or not. Right. Oh, so it's supposed to be on the 15th. Okay. How you doing, Hud? I didn't even know ADA was doing a hard fork.
Yeah, they've had a lot of people start building on it. As soon as they get their shit together and their shit actually works, it'll do really well. Yeah. Yeah. They're probably just waiting, praying the market's going to come back. No, I really think that a lot of that shit is manipulated in with key price sellers. It's like they wait until...
For instance, they pushed ETH back all the way up to probably one of the most important CPI releases this year, right before we're expecting these major rate increases after the Fed talk last Friday. It's weird how that stuff just kind of aligns sometimes. Yeah, that shit's priced in.
Right. I swear, I think that Alameda Research is like, like, like, uh, Sam Rankin, Fried, FTX and all them. They're, they're the biggest market makers in crypto, bro. I'm convinced. I was like reading a bunch of stuff about them and like how much, like they've, if you go look at like Alameda Research's public stuff, like what they've caught, like everything, bro. Like every single big move they were eating off of. It's, it's, it's ridiculous. So I guarantee you they're, they're market making.
for a lot of that plus i mean they're trying to buy up like every crypto startup they can they have you know ftx the dude's a billionaire multi-billionaire and um i'm not i mean did they start solana i mean isn't it just basically his project or is it i knew they were like major investors in it i don't want to say the wrong thing yeah they're just investors and so that's what i thought they're not like they didn't start it but they are a major investor in it
Yeah, just pretty lackluster all day, like really no movement except, I mean, obviously a major movement before the market, but there's been like one decent candle since New York equity open. Let me take a peek. I'm just typing daily instead of mana. I think you're coming down for this low. Judging based off the weekly. Now on the daily, damn, a lot of these alts just had the cleanest fucking daily liquid setups. Like, it's ridiculous.
Looks so fucking clean, bro. So you could have really shorted on this fair value gap after that daily raid. It'll look something like this. And you could have even been a little aggro here. I think you got punished if you did that. Yeah, you got stopped out. But if you use the high, the actual stop rate high, you could literally take this all the way down to here. And the more and more I look at it, it seems like these 15 minute raids on daily crypto highs might be a little model.
Usually whenever I find something like that, I found it like multiple times today, it's almost like something's telling me to start looking at that. I'll actually start backtesting that too. Okay, yes. A little momentum. We're back from launch now, so look to see some form of manipulation. Or if we form a massive fair value gap on this 15-minute candle, sometimes that can provide an entry too. It's another strategy I've been testing.
Solana, I think, do we do that one before you asked? Or is that you that we did it for? Oh, no, you asked for the Hoochie. Somebody else on YouTube asked for Solana. XRP, we'll do XRP. Seem like this was just pushing back up to mitigate this up here. I would watch that zone for sales. Sorry, I was reading text from my girl. But yeah, now for XRP, I mean, I would look for...
I wouldn't really look at the breaker as much in this kind of scenario. I would just look at the flip man. So you might see some form of reaction there. If anything you'd want to see, maybe a push off from either where you're at or this region on here, back up into there for cells. And then after that, I would be targeting these lows down here.
Yeah, bearish order flow seems pretty clearly in play here. Because, I mean, if you look at this little daily buy-to-sell range, got mitigated. Now you just came up and mitigated the whatever supply was left. I think it was the one hour we found up in this candle. Four-hour change of character in it. You know, we were really just refining it from this four-hour wick. So anywhere really in there, you get that four-hour change of character right there. And then there's not really a clear zone. I mean, the supply seemed to be up there. Then we come back down, introduce that flip.
supply. So that would be a high probable short area. But that's, I would just wait for one or the other. I mean, you could maybe play the counter trend longs in this zone, back up into that region, or just wait until you're up there. I would wait for the 15 minute to push up into the zone, pull back, sweep the first early liquidity, and then get that break of structure. And you'd look for something like that.
Yeah, on that note, I'm going to hop off here, guys. I appreciate you all coming through. Today is not the worst day to sit out. Not really a bunch of quality setups. Now, if you just lottoed the puts, you fucking ate today and congrats. But I would just wait. Let things develop. Don't let anything induce you or force you into trading. And just know exactly what you're looking for and don't execute unless you got it. But until tomorrow, I'll see you.
