What's up guys on YouTube? I'm going to let everybody from the Discord get in here and just hang out for a second. What's Matic talking about? I just had these alerts set. Honestly, that looks like not a bad sell for Matic, but I don't know. I'm kind of chilling. Damn, Matic's still high up in this range. That's crazy. But I mean, to be fair, it really has. Actually, let's see. Actually, yeah, it did. It didn't really come to any kind of weekly POI, but the daily order block, it looks like. Almost.
Anyways, so we're going to focus on today is kind of just recapping this week with indices because it's been an interesting one. So whenever we're looking at indices, we want to usually see...
a correlation between ES and NQ. YM, for those who don't know, ES is the S&P, NQ is the NASDAQ, YM is the Dow. I don't watch the Dow. It's not really my cup of tea. But even the Dow has been moving better than, I guess I shouldn't say better, but more efficiently than NQ. Because we see here, we have this low being taken on the Dow. We have it being taken on the S&P.
We go to NASDAQ, it's not taken. So whenever we look at NASDAQ, we have identified our weekly draw on liquidity at the beginning of the week. What you look for is a push early in the week, Monday and Tuesday, to the upside and then see a bearish narrative to the downside. Now, that is what we got here. But the problem that I have with it and the reason that a lot of these shorts are not hitting is when you zoom out and you kind of look at the bigger picture with ES,
ES was in a weird spot, in my opinion, Tuesday, because if you look, we made the high of the week. We also made the, well, until today, we had made the low of the week on Tuesday. So the power of three was kind of conflicting there. And if we're looking at it from the sense of, you know, why were we bearish in the first place? Like, why would we even be looking for a bearish power of three? Well, it would be to take out that low, as we already did pretty early in the week. So now if we look at it from that context,
Or in that context, I need to move this.
we have a potential bullish narrative because we see our weekly open here. We see an abrupt move away from it. We took out the low early in the week. It's weird. It's kind of a weird price action this week. We had some high impact news. We're at very key levels. All those June lows where all of retail is probably looking to short for the next major market crash. And you can see what's happening here. Now, whenever we look at indices in that context,
That is pretty conflicting to NQ, which made the high of the week on Tuesday. And then moved very abruptly down towards that low. I mean, it is frustrating. I won't even lie. Because I watch NQ more than ES, or I have been lately. And I'm going to shift my focus away from NQ due to this kind of price action. And it's not because I'm like, oh, fuck NQ. But I don't like being...
I guess I'm trying to think of the word, not very confident in this. Right. Because like I look, yeah, it's like it's contradictive to the S&P. I mean, it's just it's insane. And it came closer on this than it did the minis.
Now, it's just, it's crazy to me. I don't know. I can't tell you why. I'm not going to try to sit here and force myself to figure out why anymore either. Who knows? It could come up here and then we have a bearish week next week. I don't know, right? But for right now, I'm done sitting here trying to force that narrative. Retail traders winning now. They bought the support. They're fucking up. And that happens sometimes.
we'll revisit this and use this as a little bit of a case study but what i'm going to do now is i'm going to shift my focus to es now today i didn't trade at all there was high impact news at 10 15 or 10 a.m and 10 15 i think they were technically uh medium impact news but um also so i just saw somebody said comp looks ready to short like right now personally i wouldn't be very eager to short anything in crypto or in um
equities just because of what we're talking about right now, right? Now, when we come into the marketplace this morning, if you look hard enough and if you've studied power of three, you can see a pretty clear narrative unfolding.
So just look at it for a second. And if you're re-watching this, just feel free to pause it and try to figure out where it's at if you know about Power 3. And if not, just pay close attention. So for a quick rundown on Power 3, let me get this infographic so I can show you guys. We talked to this a little bit before.
So what we look for with the power of three is whenever we're determining our daily bias of where we think the daily candle is going to go, we first look what price action happened after midnight and during the London session. So if we're going to be bullish, we look for a little consolidation. And this says New York midnight price right there.
Kind of blurry. But New York midnight price, we look for a consolidation around that. It can be above it. It can be right on it. It doesn't necessarily matter. Just around it. Now, if we're bullish, we want to see manipulation leading into the London session. Why? Because it's going to impose a false narrative on traders. They're going to look at this as a breakdown.
But what happens? Oftentimes we move into a higher timeframe price delivery array, and then we begin to consolidate under that level or at it, and we sort of show displacement and desire to go up. Now, why would we be going up? Because we're reaching for a higher timeframe price delivery array above. Now, this can be, when I say higher timeframe, it doesn't have to be a daily. It doesn't have to be a four hour. It just needs to be one hour. And also you can look at
certain areas of liquidity. We'll go over in a second. Also, somebody just asked, do my previous streams cover why previous daily high and weekly open are important? We've went over the previous daily high in the private classes in the server, but I don't know any specific streams that go over it specifically. But just to touch on it, your previous daily high is just going to hold a lot of liquidity. There's going to be a lot of stop orders there. Now, just kind of keep this in your head. We have this little
Accumulation, manipulation, distribution. So coming back to this chart, we have our midnight candle right here. So this is going to be our midnight open. So when you come in the morning, you can come in here and mark that. So what happens right before midnight? Let's go in a five minute and just see a little bit more of a, and I'm just going to do this just so you guys can continuously keep this visual.
So remember, we look for what? Accumulation of orders. Now, what's happening here is traders during the Asian session are just hanging out, trying to get into trades. They're putting stop loss orders at the bottom of the range, at the top. Breakout traders are looking to short the breakdown. There's a lot of selling interest under these equal lows. So then what happens? Price plunges beneath them. Now, I want you to note what time this happened.
right at the end of the London kill zone. A little bit after it, you want to look for 2 to 5 a.m. It says that down here in small print. Now look what we look for after that. We look for a shift in market structure with displacement. This looks like displacement to me. That tells me that the daily bias could be bullish because we have that accumulation, manipulation.
and then distribution. Now, when we're looking at it from that context, it's pretty clear to me, right? You see this, and you see that, and you also know that we took the daily low early in the week, and the high or the low of the week is often made on Tuesday, but it can be made on Wednesday as well. I mean, hell, it can be made on any day, but we look for it on Tuesday and Wednesday. So if you look during the London session,
We made that low of the week on Wednesday. So I'm going to delete this for now. And the reason this is important is when you're coming into the market, it can give you clarity of where we're going for the day. Again, what are we looking for when we draw this distribution up?
a higher timeframe POI. Now you didn't have to draw it all the way up here. Profit taking areas would have been this high. Let's say if you got in before that, you traded during London, which I don't, that would have been a profit taking opportunity. You could look at this order, oops, wrong tool. You could look at this order block. You could have looked at this fair value gap. You could look at this high.
But whenever you could look at the weekly opening, you should always take some profits at the weekly open. No matter what kind of trade you're in, it's just usually a pretty key level that you can see reversals at, even if it's not going to stick. So it's pretty clear that price is drawing up. Now, I just put out an infographic earlier today on...
understanding bias now what we're talking about here is focusing on the daily chart and the weekly chart to be honest is what okay there's nothing to show let's see why I did that we're focusing on the higher time frame charts oftentimes when you're learning this but
What this is explaining here is whenever we look at the price range we're in, and you always look at this in the framework of the higher timeframe. So if the higher timeframe is telling you you're in an area where you might reverse and then you form a swing high, you look for opposing liquidity. And that's going to be your bias. You look at this as a magnet to price and price is going to draw towards it. And that's not going to be perfect every day, but you go into the market in the morning with a perspective.
That's looking to short you doesn't mean you can't take longs But they're going to be lower probability chop your price action and you probably shouldn't risk as much or just sit them out Now that is something that depends on your style. Everybody's different So keeping this in mind
This is a daily chart. This is actually Bitcoin. I'm sure some of you recognize it. But the same principle because price is fractal can be applied to any time frame. So now if we look at the one hour of ES, and we're in the context of the higher time frame, remember? If price comes down,
and takes liquidity here and gives us that daily bias that we're going up. We can use the same ideology on the one hour time frame. Now, what areas of liquidity do we have? On the one hour, we have this high. We've got this high.
And I know that's the top of the range. And I know that this was a bearish range. So you might be wondering, okay, well, why? That example says pro trend. But remember, I said in the context of the higher timeframe. What's the highest timeframe telling us? That we just took an old low and price is rallying from it. What does everybody want under an old low? They want to sell and they want to short. They want a market crash.
Whenever we are looking at that one hour in that context, and then we also look at the top of the range, which is our previous daily high, and on a buy day, when we make the low during London and expand away from it, oftentimes you're going to gravitate to that previous daily high. So now how could you have capitalized off of it?
Now I'm going to show you guys a model, but I didn't take this. I just want to be clear on it. I don't want to act like I took the trade. I posted a paper trade of it with a very short profit target in the stock chat and play a bit. And I don't want to take credits that I targeted at the top at first either. I didn't see it as clearly. But whenever you come into the market, we'll put another line.
for 9.30. Oops, I guess we won't because I didn't click anything. So on a bullish day, what are we looking for in order to go long? I'm going to take this off because it makes, or you can't see the wick. What are we looking for in order to get long? Also, somebody asked, how do I draw my lines so straight? I'm about to change your life, hold shift while you're moving your lines. And then if you want to anchor them to candles, hold control or command for Mac.
If you're on the app, it anchors to the straight line, just so they know.
I didn't even know that, to be honest. Yeah, I found that out like three days ago. I ain't going to lie. So here with S&P, just keep in mind that this candle is when the market opens. So whenever we're looking at a potential buy day, how are we going to get long? Well, we know that there's always manipulation, just like we see that initial manipulation, the accumulation of orders, distribution, and then...
I'm sorry, manipulation, then distribution. We're going to see that on a very low scale here, and it's not going to be as clear. But if you look, there's an accumulation of stop loss orders under lows nearby. Now, this is where it gets a little tricky, so don't beat yourself up if it doesn't make sense or you don't understand. But my advice is just look for the first low you can that has a fair value gap below it.
If we look here, price barely pushed into this fair value gap, moved very impulsive way. So this is kind of your idea. This gives you a framework. So when price pushes under the low, it goes into the imbalance and it doesn't have to go into an imbalance. It just increases the probability. So when we're looking at taking any kind of trades, we have to look at it from the perspective of probability because nothing's for sure. So the more confluences we have.
You know, our power of three on the daily chart, I'm sorry, on the daily candle. Sell side has been taken on the daily chart. We see the sell side attacked early in the morning. So when we start to have all these different confluences, you know, there's an imbalance it pushed into. It wasn't just a low. We can start looking at, okay, well, market might have an up move this morning session. Now, what is it drawing to? Again, going back to that one hour on a bullish day, oftentimes we're going to take the previous daily high.
especially if the bullish... Now, remember we were talking about power of three. So now let's look at it from a weekly perspective because we talk about making the low of the week on a Tuesday or a Wednesday. If you look at it here, look at that.
So accumulation. Now this is for the weekly candle. Because all we're doing is we're breaking down a candle into different segments. Like for instance, we're on the weekly candle, we can look at a four hour. We're trying to break to the daily candle, we can go look at a 15 minute. Right? So now if we're looking at this, what are we going to draw to? Well, we want to go to that daily chart. Hmm. There's an imbalance fill right here.
You know, low hanging fruit, in my opinion, is the best or you can just look for that previous daily high. You never know. I mean, for the weekly candle, we'll probably move up higher. Right. So that's how you could use it on the weekly candle. And remember, price is fractal. So anything that we go over can be used on all time frames. And I will say the lower the time frame you go down on, the harder it becomes. And you have to conceptualize and look at the actual components of what's going on and take that for what it is rather than looking for Pico price action.
Now we're looking at it in that context. Now you can see how you can build more of a convicted bias. Now that I'm focusing on ES, I don't want to sit here and act like I came into the market this morning looking at it like that. I didn't, right? Because I've been watching NQ and NQ hadn't taken the lows.
Going back to find where a potential entry would have been, this is where we rated that low into the imbalance we showed on the 15-minute chart. So what do we look for after that? We look for displacement to the upside and a shift in market structure. Now, I wouldn't have personally called this the displacement. I put the check here just because it looks weird drawing it over here. But to me, this is where the real clear displacement was. And why? Because it left a fair value gap.
Now, obviously, if you got in here, you got a better entry, for sure. It wasn't as clear to me. That would look something like this.
Now, whenever we look at the trade opportunity, once we see that we get our liquidity rate, opposing our daily bias, because again, it's all just accumulation, manipulation, and then distribution. We always want to get in in the manipulation phase because when we're trading smart money and we're looking at the market like a market maker, we have to look at it from that perspective of where can I even get in the market? Because the reason that market makers are manipulating price is to generate liquidity.
so that they can then position themselves that's what's going on here so these orders that are left in this gap that are left in this order block right here those are all going to get picked up
So price is going to move away from these original orders. Where's it going to go? The next area of liquidity. Now, people that had... Now, here's another kind of... I don't want to get off track, but I saw a lot of people. I saw ICT post something about send a trade setup. Where was it? And everybody was sending this short setup. Now, look at this. Look what we have. Right in the same timeframe, right at 10 a.m., we have a raid to the upside. And then...
Very clear displacement downside. You can see the same thing we're looking at here right here. But look what happened to that trade. It got destroyed. Now, why was that? Because it's against the daily bias. Just because price action gives you an entry.
Just because price action gives you an idea, it doesn't mean it's going to work. And again, we're going back to looking at everything from a perspective of probabilities. How probable is this one minute entry model to work? Well, if it's against the higher timeframes, I can go ahead and tell you using the one minute is going to destroy you. And that happens to a lot of people when they start out trading smart money concepts. It happened to me when I started out.
Now, again, daily bias. So when we're looking at this trade, where the intro to Bennett could have been either of these areas could have been the order block. You can use whatever entry model you use. Again, we're conceptualizing here. We're just looking to get in where the market maker is getting in. We've got an imbalance. We've got a fair value. I'm sorry. We've got a order block.
So you just look for an entry. Now stop loss is going to be under that low of the raid. Some people use the most recent low.
I don't recommend it because there's nothing worse than getting stopped out and then it going. Now, this is what it would have looked like. Again, I did not take this. I'm just doing this to show you guys. I don't want to sit here and take credit. Now, I did a paper trade, and I wanted to take profits way earlier because I was looking at it from a skewed bias, right? So I looked like that, right?
I think actually it was even like this. I was like super conservative, like next imbalance, because I was looking at NQ, which really hasn't shown a clear framework on the daily. Why? Because we did not take the sell side. We didn't take those lows from June. But when you look at ES, it did. So we're looking at a bullish bias. You could have taken some profits there. You could have taken profits here at this order block. You could have taken profits here at this high. But the overall target where I would look is going to be.
that previous daily high, because why? We're looking at a buy day. Go on your chart and look at green candles and tell me how many times does it take the high of the previous day. It's not always, but oftentimes it does. So, numerous ways you could have entered, numerous ways you could have exited, but the only thing that separated you from being a winning trader and a losing trader was understanding the higher timeframes and the narrative of what price is actually doing.
So it's very important to learn that lesson. And I can't drill that in your head enough that you have to focus on building the bias based off of the higher timeframes. Because when you're trading SMC or anything, really, it's really easy to find 100 entries in a day. We're using the one minute or the five minute or the three minute.
You can sit there and if you're looking for something, your brain is going to morph price action into what you're looking for. That's the number one killer, I think, of a lot of newer smart money traders. Let me answer some of these questions. What's up, Mr. Shadow? I already answered that one. I appreciate it, Elvis. He said Eastern Kentucky. We've got some people in Playbit that are not, I don't know if it's Eastern, but like Bowling Green. I don't know, that might be Eastern.
So are there any other ways to figure out pips without using TradingView? Trialing the FTMO demo account, the US 100 pip size. Yeah, okay, so here's a great way to do it. So for indices on FTMO, the contract size is 10. So what that means is if you have a contract size of 10, that means you're trading 10 units of whatever it is that you're on. So with Forex,
it's a hundred thousand that's why the pip calculator is going to usually work on trading with forex because that's what it's calculated off of based off of a hundred thousand contract size now if you're on indices bitcoin gold it's going to be different so for me um my contract size is one so i have it really easy it's just every one lot my pnl moves one dollar for every dollar the indice moves or the index moves now for
FTMO, I'm 99% sure that the contract size is 10. So basically for every dollar that the US 100 is going to move, your profit and loss is going to move $10. So for instance, if you want to have a $100 risk, then you can be on a 10 lot that moves $10.
So I hope that helped. But it's all about contract size. And, you know, just doing the math like that. Bitcoin and indices are fairly easy. Gold and Forex are usually a little bit more of a pain. Gold's pretty easy, too, once you get the hang of it. For instance, I don't use a...
position size calculator. I actually have one being made right now by our very own frizz at Playbit. It's almost done. So that'll probably help in the future. I said, so the lick rate is just the manipulation on a lower timeframe. Yeah, exactly. So just like we see this price model here, we have that accumulation, manipulation, distribution. We have that multiple times throughout the day, all the time. That's the three cycles of the market.
Price is manipulated into pushing traders into a false narrative, and then price is going to distribute up to the true target. It's all about order pairing. So if you're a market maker and you got to think like a market maker, let's just say you want to get up here to this high, but all through here, there's not enough sellers, right? Let me redraw this. I want to confuse you. All through here,
There's not enough sellers. So you want to buy 100 million lots. We're just using random numbers. And there's a ton of stop losses under these lows. There's going to be a lot of selling down there. Everybody in retail is going to sell because they look at that as a buy wall. And if we go under that, we're going to break down. So traders put their stop losses there. Whenever we say retail, or I hate when people say dumb money, I don't like that.
Anybody who is trading support and resistance, whether it's an institution, whether it's a brand new trader, their stop losses are right there. If they're going to sell under their institution, smart money can buy from them. It's all about order pairing. If they're looking to go net long and they want to be long biased, they're going to have to create sellers. What do they do? They push down, they stop people out, and on top of the people getting stopped out, everybody's going to look at this as a breakdown. All the London traders are going to short this.
So that's a lot of selling interest going here. Guess who's buying it up? Smart money pushes it up. Now, where are they looking to sell?
Where are there going to be buyers? You have to look at this chart and say, if I'm looking at this from a perspective of where can I get out of this trade at? Because again, let's say they have 100 million lots all through here. Where are they going to offload it? They're going to offload it here. They're going to offload some here. They're going to offload some in these imbalances. They're going to offload some here. That's why you see reactions. It's just profit taking and order pairing. But where is the PICO target? Right there.
That's where everybody that shorted here, they're getting out. Everybody that's looking for a breakout is going to buy. So there's buying interest up there.
Now, we never know for sure where all the orders are. We never are 100% sure that we're going to go all the way to the top of the range. That's why we take partials. Maybe if you're happy with one of these lower targets and you're newer, you take the low hanging fruit. There's nothing wrong with that. 2R is fine, right? If you hit 2R every day, let's just say if you take five trades a week, you hit 2R three times and you lose two times.
You end the week with 2R profits and you do that every week. You just gain 8% or 8R on your portfolio in a month. That's impressive. That's great. That's a beautiful living if you have a finite account. So low hanging fruit, you know, maybe option. But if you want to look at, you know, the final target and you take partials, I would look at probably right there. Why? Because that is the Pico top. That's where most of the buy side liquidity from this range resides.
I hope that made sense. I know I kind of just went on a tangent off that question, but I think that would give a better understanding. Somebody said, what are the times of kill zones in crypto markets? So everybody's a little different. People kind of like say different times for the kill zone. I say two to five for the London kill zone, seven to nine for the New York kill zone, 10 to 11 as well.
I personally say for London close, some people say 10 to 12. Now, all these times I'm saying are in New York time. And then there's like the New York close kill zone and Asia kills. I don't even pay attention to those.
But you want to focus on, if you're in Europe, 2 to 5 a.m. New York time is oftentimes where you're going to get the best entry of the entire day. 7 to 9 a.m., you're going to see usually a retracement down into that area and then expansion. Then during the London close, what are you going to see? A retracement. Again, it's order pairing. Institutions are opening here. They're positioning themselves, right? They pass the torch to New York.
Look at that, 715. Look at the time down below.
You can see it down here, 715. So orders are paired here. Price is pushed up. Where? Old area of institutional order flow. Guess what time it is? Price comes down. Look at that. Coming into 10 a.m., we start expanding because orders are being paired consecutively. That's what the market's always doing. And the sooner you can start looking at things like that, the more clear things are going to become. And the less trades you're going to take, the more conviction you're going to have. And everything's going to work a lot smoother for you.
Now, I'm not saying it should be just easy and you should just understand it off gate, but start to think like that. You have to start thinking from that perspective. So what does it say? What do I think after taking the previous day high on ES? I mean, you could see a PM reversal or you could see a rally. You know, the daily bias is bullish.
if we get a violent break above it, usually you're not going to come back to this weekly open. You know, a bullish week, if we move really violently away from this, you know, if we go, if I'm looking at this, you know, where are we drawing to after that? I mean, probably I would say around here, something like that. After that, you could maybe retrace. You might, I'm not saying you won't come under the weekly open, but oftentimes you won't.
If you look over here, we also have a potential breaker block right at the weekly open. Let's say if we push above it really hard, then this was just a false move up to take stops. Well, a false move up to engineer enough liquidity to sell, to then push down and manipulate traders, that weekly manipulation. So price could maybe come down. We could take the low or the high, might get a sell signal.
And remember, you know, you would then shift this zone to that and you could look maybe at a premium. But if we're going to look at it from the bullish power of three standpoint, you might want to just take it at the first area before the weekly open. And then you might come in and say, hey, that's only one R. OK, well, then don't take it. And again, it goes back to thinking about things from probabilities and looking at trades like business deals. You have to look at everything like, is this worth my time? Is it worth the risk of money? Everything, because it all comes into play and every little thing matters.
The less losses you take is going to be huge. Because if you take, let's say you win a lot, you lose just as much, then trading is just a waste of time for you at that point. I mean, you're learning, but...
So I said, thank you so much. Cool. I'm glad to help in. So there's no time that everyone agrees that there is a session there. Yeah, sure. There's so sessions and kill zones are different. So the London session, some people say it starts at two. Some say it starts at three. Retail starts at three, but institutions are moving money at two. It goes all the way up into 11 a.m. Everything I'm saying is New York time. The New York session is.
for Forex is 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. So you see that overlap there, right? All the way from 7 a.m. to 11 a.m., there's an overlap of where New York and London is trading. There's also an overlap between the Tokyo session and the London session. Tokyo, Australia opens up a little earlier than Tokyo, but it's all between 7 and 9 p.m. Eastern, and that goes all the way up until 4 a.m. So there's an overlap between Asia and London there.
Also, what's up Anonymous? I'm glad you had a good workout. I just saw it. I ran this morning too. I haven't went to the gym yet. I'm going to do that after the market's closed. So what I'm looking for personally here on ES is, let me move these over a little bit. So, oh wait, I was in the five minute. So what would be nice is if we could range here, maybe move a little down.
generate some liquidity through the rest of lunch, and then coming into 130, maybe get a violent push down. Ideally, again, not required, but ideally would be into an imbalance. Something like, oh, if I can get it drawn, right? Something like this. And then we look for that same model we went for here if we don't take the previous daily high. Now, if we take the high,
You know, you could watch for a buy model, which is just a raid on lows made after 1.30. So what you'd be only paying attention to is what happens after 1.30 p.m. So you'd look for a high and a low to be made right around here. You wait for the first one that gets attacked. You know, if this happens, you'd look for a buy. Now let's just say this happened.
And then you've got to break down right there, that same model we used. We rated the high, break down, you'd look for a sell. But the sell, again, is going to be your lower probability trade because the overall daily bias is bullish. So you have to make sure that you evaluate it and ask yourself, is the profit target close by? Is it worth it? Everything comes into play.
um total flip side let's just say if we see some massive crazy correction right because that's what i'm looking for again that weekly power of three looking for a bullish narrative i want this to get broken with volume
And that's why it doesn't have to happen today, but I don't want us to come down and keep making lows, right? I'd really like for us to take that today if, you know, to confirm that. Because again, everything is weird. We have to be ready for everything. If we're looking at NQ, there's still the possibility that we come down and take the low. It's a weird week. I'm leaning more towards the bullish side.
But again, you got to remember NQ does have that low. I'm personally not going to really mess with NQ right now until we either have taken that low or it's very clear to me that NQ is drawing to the upside. Another scenario is we might come back up into this imbalance and then all indices pull back and have a bearish week next week. And we do take the low. Again, I'm not trying to predict the future. We don't want to go out too far ahead of time and do that because then you start building those.
Wyckoff does this to a lot of people. If you see when people have a fucking prediction for the next nine months, there's no fucking point in that. The only thing that helps you whenever you do that is you can come back if you're right and say, look, I told you. That doesn't help you trading. It doesn't. So don't try to do that.
Killzone, what is the difference between session and killzone? So killzone is gonna be the highest volume area where institutions are pairing their orders, and a session is just the overall window in time where that region is trading. Let's look at corn.
So again, when we're looking at corn, a lot of people say it moves closer to NQ than to ES. But I'll tell you right now, if ES starts rallying really hard, so will NQ and so will Bitcoin. So we have a pretty similar situation here with Bitcoin.
You know, we still do have untapped. I was using this for a mentoring session. We still do have untapped liquidity and a premium. You never know. Who knows? We could just rally all the way up and take this, right? You never know. Because when you look at ranges, we have to ask ourselves, you know, where is all the liquidity in the range? Well, I mean, if you look, we still got a ton. I'm not saying it's going to come up here, but I am saying it's just, you know, it's not written in stone that we're just bearish forever.
So there's all sorts of potential areas where price could draw to. Now, I'm not sitting here telling you Bitcoin's going to 30,000, so don't get excited. But I'm just drawing out the possibility that when we look at price, we have not cleaned out the premium of the range. We have dipped into it and moved impulsively away from it. So that showed us that the sell side was being taken. Now, we came down and we took a lot of the sell side from the range, everything except the final low.
Now, if indices start to rally and don't come down and NQ doesn't take the low, I wouldn't be surprised if Bitcoin doesn't either. So my take on Bitcoin right now is very similar to the S&P. I'm just hanging out right now. It's a weird week.
clearest direction on bitcoin i see two possibilities right i could see us move all the you know it's just not that clear now i would really like glow to be taken now let's just say flip side you know we come down low is taken i'm looking for longs we look at bitcoin and everything that we went over um and also i don't want to be deceiving we took the the full tp on our main i think it was either i think it was actually
I care if it was this, it was one of these imbalances, but we left runners and we alerted. I think it was like right here when we alerted last night. But I mean, Bitcoin's reacting really nicely to the optimal entry of a short, but I'm going to chill on it. I'm just hanging out right now. And the reason is because of the S&P. So whenever I look at...
Bitcoin, the higher probability trade for me, in my opinion, would be a short just looking at Bitcoin. Why? Because the weekly is telling us that we're drawing down to this low. Now, the one hour, we look at, where did we open at? We opened right here. What did we do? Moved up. So again, we're looking at accumulation, manipulation, rather large area, and then potential distribution. You could say, I guess this would be.
Make it a little clearer And then a distribution down to that weekly because we're trying to build the weekly candle Yeah, so whenever we're looking at this, I mean this would be the better area to short
Bitcoin. But I'm personally just going to hang out on it. I'm not going to force it. Again, just because the S&P. I don't mind to miss out on it. We just fucking annihilated it yesterday. So let's not rush back into something. Because I don't view it as the highest probability trade. Now, if ES was super bearish, then I would consider taking it.
So, we'll leave it here. And the reason I had this highlighted was because if we're looking at the power of three, we want to look at where did we get that confirmation that the Tuesday could have been the high of the week. Well, if you look, you could say right there, you could say right here. Just look for that shift in structure. So, oops, wrong one.
When we look at it in that context, we take a fib. I know that the way I learned this was to go on the 30-minute and draw a fib at the highest candle before the crash, the body, and then the bottom of the body on the original impulse move. Now, you could move it down here maybe, and that puts it even more in optimal trade entry. And then you look for a price delivery array at optimal trade entry, and you would look for a reversal here.
If we get that, you'll probably end up seeing corn go down towards this weekly sell side. But again, I would just make sure it agrees with the yes. So how would I mark my swing structure? So we're going to daily chart. I don't look at it like a lot of the way certain people look. I just look at like impulse moves, right? Like, so for instance, if I'm looking at this chart, I would have said, boom, boom. You guys saw where I'd drawn it to.
So we're just looking at these key areas. Where does price show extreme desire to move away from rapidly? A lot of people are going to say, this is just the way I like doing it because I'm always trying to look at things from a perspective of...
you know, where are institutions getting involved? You know, WICs like this, you know, the all-time high reversal, obviously, the beginning of the crash, the first fake relief, the bottom. You see what I'm saying? So these are areas that we know we have institutional sponsorship. And what Price is going to do out of all of these ranges...
And again, Bitcoin doesn't really move that efficiently. I won't hold you. For instance, here we never made it back to a premium. Now, why is that? Well, maybe the weekly timeframe we had to come down and we were drawing something on the weekly. So oftentimes if you're looking at a daily or a four hour and you don't come back into a premium, you'll look at the next timeframe up. Why did we not come back and move efficiently? Well, maybe the weekly was drawing to something down here really rough.
And it just was too much to where the daily didn't move efficiently. For instance, if we look at Bitcoin yesterday, we go over here and look at the equal highs we shorted from. That was obviously the higher timeframe drawn liquidity. But if we go to a five minute and we look at the move up, people that are new to learning are going to say, oh, this doesn't even work. Look at this. We don't even come back to equilibrium.
This doesn't work. But what's happening this time you did. What's happening is the higher timeframe is in effect. It's drawing. Think of these like a magnet. Price is flying to that and it's not going to listen to the lower timeframes. Man, I really wanted this to preserve this high. We'll see if it does. I'd really like for it to preserve it. But if it doesn't, whatever. It's interesting how...
And Bitcoin's really not showing much displacement of the downside. And I know a lot of people, like if you get, let's just say if you have a idea in place, like for instance, I looked at this and said, okay, there's a fair value gap, but optimal trade entry, the weekly power of three is showing bearish so far. If you fall in love with that narrative, you start to see things that aren't there. You'd look at this and say, okay, that's an entry model. It's not. There's literally no entry model here.
I mean, if you look at this as a breakdown, in my opinion, there's no imbalance. There's no displacement. I don't really use the one minute for crypto that much anymore. I used to, but it's just frustrating. Especially the lower the market cap gets, the shittier the price action gets. So that's pretty much all that I...
um all that i wanted to go over so if there's any questions go ahead and ring them out if not i'm probably gonna i might cut a little early i know we usually go for an hour but i think we went over quite a bit today um yeah if you got any questions go ahead and shoot them off now you too anonymous enjoy your day as well bro
Well, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I appreciate you all coming through. As always, we'll be on here tomorrow at noon and then Friday at 4 p.m. You guys know what I'm looking for. Again, two scenarios. We take the previous daily high, potential reversal or continuation. You get to that point where it's kind of you just got to see what liquidity is attacked or scenario two. We consolidate here. And then if we get a.
rate on sell side, you could potentially look for long. If we don't take this level right here, 3733, if we don't take that, I wouldn't even entertain a short even if the model gave it. I just wouldn't.
Thanks for showing up. I appreciate it. And we're stream every day from every Monday through Thursday at noon and then Fridays at 4 p.m. We also have the server where we give out signals and we do the private classes only in the server on Saturdays. And then Flo, one of our other analysts, I can't even fucking talk. One of our other analysts gives.
Classes I think three times a week. So if you want to check that out all the stuff to join is in the bio you can use code Casper and get a free trial for five days So you got any questions you guys holler at me. If not, I will see you all tomorrow. Peace
