Yeah, so right now, really what I see, I was kind of like whenever inflation came out and this low took out this demand right here, I was kind of like, that's just, that's always, it's just cryptos like that. It's not going to respect these levels as much. So I was kind of just waiting to see how we reacted. And I was really focused on indices this morning.
i i didn't even really realize this was pumping until afterwards because i kind of start i didn't really focus on it after we ticked this because that was my zone that i really wanted it to respect and it didn't um but it still reacted like how i would wanted how i would have wanted it to if it had respect to this zone so i don't know if there was some orders down on this wick or if there just wasn't you know maybe it was just the perps chart i i haven't looked at others but mainly like what i'm looking at is
um we broke we you know while the daily did already kind of switch bearish there because you know this would have been our internal high made a new internal low
I'm not really concerned about that as much as I'm just looking at the original area that sponsored this change of character on a daily timeframe. So just to walk you through my thought process of just now why crypto is starting to pique my interest a little bit, along with the stuff we went over in the macro stream. Now, we went over this right here. We had that change of character.
once we have a change of character what that means is that there was demand introduced into the market that was high enough to push through old market structure so that tells me off the bat that institutions are involved now what i did now you can start with this zone right here
And that was where we refined down to this candle because that was where I saw displacement really enter the market. But it seems like maybe there was something left over in this week, whatever the reason, we still respected the daily zone overall. So once we go from the daily, what I like to do is then go to the four hour. So what we're on right now, or another thing I want to point out, those of you who are at the drawn liquidity class or the institutional logic, we did fill one inefficiency, but it's looking like.
This would be our current, unless we turn around, would be this next imbalance. So we can frame our intraday movements around trying to get to this area. That doesn't mean we're going to go straight to it, but a lot of times you'll see the day like this. You'll have the day pushed down, but it'll end up closing up.
When we look at the 4-hour as we return to the zone, because we start at the daily, so we're looking at this daily demand. So after price returns to the daily demand in the 4-hour, we want to see price remain fractal. We want to see what's happening on the high timeframes happening on the low timeframes. Because in all honesty, before, when this daily demand zone was created, this had to happen in the 4-hour first. So if we look left, what had to happen over here?
there we had the four hour change of character now it changes back that's understood but the point is the first initial push so then we look what sponsored this the last candle before that move look at that so that was the bottom before we came up and took the daily structure so we see that whenever we're looking at price action what happens in the higher time frames must happen on the lower time frames first
And it's not, that's not a question or sometimes thing. It's just physically, it has to happen. If we're breaking structure in the daily, we had to break structure on the four hour first. And this is going to be a really great lesson to those who FOMO a lot. And you'll start to see that we're going to go through the cycles of mitigating and introducing demand almost on not all timeframes. You know, if you wait around for the one minute, you're going to get left out sometimes, even in the five minute.
of why once we break structure, you know, we're usually going to return down to that level. Because what's happening here is the, you know, market makers, composite operator, whales, whatever you want to call it. We're just going to use composite operator as a term. What's happening here is that, you know, smart money wants to push price up. That's their agenda. So what they have to do is create sellers. So there's demand. They're creating sellers by selling in these areas.
You know, because in order to induce enough retail sellers to sell to them, they have to create fear. So they're going to push price down. So once price is pushed down, they've induced retail traders or other institutions. It's not all just retail traders that are getting faked out by smart money. There's tons of funds that are getting faked out by these maneuvers, right? Or they're getting stop loss. Their stop loss is hit. Their positions are liquidated because, you know, you and I think of getting liquidated.
and a different way of if an institution or a business has collateralized positions, they have to sell their position once it gets to a certain point. Some of you know how that works, some of you don't. I'm not going to get into all that. But point being, these down moves are meant to liquidate those traders. So once those traders are liquidated, there's a ton of supply floating around the market here. Smart Money swoops that up and pushes price up, but they have to create
that down move by selling first so once price comes back down especially these high time frames because that it was a huge amount of orders here so once price comes back down they mitigate or close those now we don't know exactly where the orders are within this candle we're just trying to identify a footprint it's like we're hunting you know and we're trying to find the the tracks so we don't know exactly where you know this is just the tracks we don't know
where the order is exactly where we just assume somewhere in this zone.
that we're going to see mitigation because we know that there had to be sell orders pumped into the market there. So all the time we're up here, right? There's some guy or not a guy. I don't know. I even said that some institution, some entity in this zone that is their books are negative, right? Or their shorts are negative. Now they're net long, which means they have more long positions and more of their funds are allocated in a long. So they're making money, but their shorts.
are in the red. So they want to push price back down after they've distributed the asset and then begin to go on the same course as before. This is how they move price while keeping it within a range, exhausting traders and creating as much supply as possible in order to be able to accumulate an asset. So what we want to see is once price comes out of these zones, we want to see the same thing happen again.
What do we see? Internal break of structure. So that would be a change of character right there. Then we had newly introduced demand. Because anytime there's any kind of break of structure, there's demand. So price came into it. Then that's where we got this daily demand. So see how that all happened in the four hour? Now we have the daily is telling us. Because once we get the daily involved, it's not nothing's for sure. Because I do want to note one thing.
We had a daily change of character, I think in this, or no, we didn't actually in this range. That's right. It was a four hour. But once we've introduced this demand, we refined down a little bit. Now prices came back down into this zone. And now we can start to do that top down analysis where we can see if all of the high timeframes can come to an agreement that we're moving in a bullish manner. And that's how you can really see bullish order flow being introduced in real time.
We'll fast forward up to here. Now, we know we've got a daily break of structure. So what had to happen? We had to come down and mitigate these orders. So now, what's going to happen now? Well, we look and we say, okay, we got a four-hour change of character. Now, where was the demand in this area? It's going to be somewhere in this one candle because we know price pushed down or pushed up. We're not exactly sure exactly. We don't want to say it's a huge candle. Maybe we can kind of refine it.
And it looks like we had demand probably in this little flip zone right here. That was probably flip zone in the lower time frames. Because price here.
next candle already traded into it so when you see this kind of move you know we knew we had demand here but then price traded right back down under that level so we know that this is probably mitigated price came up mitigated this right here and that's where we start to see that upward movement so you know we could refine that four hour zone to this level um mainly what i'm interested in is you know once we came here
We pushed price up. So this could be an area of interest going into the future right there for sure. I'm more worried about these two zones up here. Not really worried, but concerned with these that I want to possibly bid these. But we look here. We have introduced new demand throughout most timeframes in this range. So if we look on the four hour.
So we broke down again right here because this is a funny one because we came down, kind of wicked up above, sloppy price action. But we know that on the four hour, new demand has been introduced. So then we kind of want to scale in and say, okay, well, where is the demand continuously being introduced? Because we want to see on the one hour, the 15 minute, the five minute, all the way down to the one if you want to go that route.
depending on what kind of trader you are you might stop at the one hour you might stop at the 15 minute that all really is up to you i like to go down to like at least a five minute personally um 15 minutes cool i've actually i want to set some time apart and do a back test and a case study on using the 15 minute for crypto because sometimes it's a little wiki and using the lower time frames can get you definitely more risk to reward
But they can also lead you to wasting a lot of time watching screens and also unnecessary losses whenever your bias was correct. And then price will continue without you. But when I look at the one hour, price came back down into our zone. We broke structure. I want to look after we came to this zone. So this right here is kind of finicky. This was on CPI. So I'm not going to really pay attention to all that. So I want to look after that.
I'm going to use this as an internal high. It's kind of weird price action, but I look, okay, well, what broke this? Well, where did the engulfing really begin? Because we can say all the way down here, and there is this zone here that I would keep an eye on from the 15 minute, but I want to focus on what's being respected as of now. We don't want to be a missor and just wait for the very bottom zone. There's nothing wrong with that, but you don't want to...
if you don't see a very good reason to. So where I see displacement begin, yeah, there was some right here in this fair value gap, but it was quickly mitigated by this and then moved up. But then I saw right here, we can see that price came up, reacted to some form of supply in this WIC because we know there's selling pressure in this WIC. That's fractal supply. We know in a lower timeframe, there's going to be an order block or a supply zone. Price reacted to it, backed up and then pushed through it.
So that's going to be a flip zone right there. So then what happened? That's the one hour. So then what happened? Price came into the one hour. And now we go to 15 minute. So once price came into the 15 minute, what happened right here?
right there that was your change of character now it's again this is for you you know you came down i wouldn't have looked at this i would have looked at it's kind of liquidity raid i was i wasn't watching this i was watching indices this morning but price broke structure there right because that was your most recent low or i'm sorry your most recent high came down failed we made a new low right there broke up into this then we came down into the wick and that's where we took off from
So, you know, it's kind of questionable for me if, you know, we'll fully return down here or not, because one could look at it like, okay, well, here's your 15 minute change of character. And there was, you know, probably a five minute move in here to be had. Because if you look, then price came in here, came to that zone. And this was really your five minute.
And then there you go. You see what I mean? So, and then if you go to the one minute, it probably gave an entry there too. And that's how you can really layer all of the timeframes. Cause you know, okay, let's look and move some of these zones so we can see.
So it came down, you failed to take the low, which would make this your high. Once you broke that, what level caused you to break that? This right here. And you see that's respected. So this is when we're starting to see bullish order flow in harmony. And then notice what happens. As soon as all of those timeframes are together, what happens? I mean, instant, just instant move.
I think Papa got you guys in some longs on here, but this right here would have been the absolute bottom tick snipe. But what I'm looking at now is now I see that the changes of character have occurred throughout all the timeframes. We returned to origin on all of these levels and saw bullish price action.
What that tells me is that so far demand is being respected and we also have a draw on liquidity in this fair value gap. Now, one could have said it was right here, but we haven't turned around on a daily yet. If we turned around on a daily, I would say we're taking off these lows, but that doesn't happen. But if we can establish our bias, let's go in the four hour again for just a second. So when we look at four hour POIs that haven't been mitigated already.
We did just come up into one right here. But to me, that's not the kind of reaction, personally, that I would want to say is being respected. If anything, it looks like the preliminary supply of a distribution schematic. So PSY, if you see it on people's charts, because it was supply, price came through, and now it's moving the upside. So what I could see happen is us...
begin to form a little bit of a distribution schematic, and probably wick up into maybe in this area, this draw on liquidity, or because the draw on liquidity is just an area you want to pull to. It's not like a reversal zone where you're expecting it. The main zone that I see that's not tapped is that right there, this up here, because there's a fair value gap that hasn't been filled under it. You can continuously refine this if you want it and really get it down all the way to 15 minute.
I wouldn't really go farther than that. If anything, I would just keep it on that one hour, maybe right there, because we can see that right here, started to see that displacement. I'm just going to leave on the one hour. But right now I'm building my story around.
a price moving up in this area so once i can build a higher time frame bias then i just look for the story to kind of unfold and my favorite time frame to use to catch those moves is the 15 minute now the reason i like this zone and then also this zone down here
For one, this zone down here is pretty obvious. We've already explained that. I mean, that's where the big move began, right? So those zones are always high value. But then I like this zone, too, because if you look, we came into a one-hour order block right there, over here. We reacted.
and then push through it. So you see price came up. That was that preliminary supply I was talking about. We came up. Demand was injected in the market to break through that zone. So while this first zone isn't the best one, I would still watch it. Because if I look, I'm just drawing fibs on a 15-minute. That's a 15-minute swing structure we have right now. It's in a discount if you refine it, I think. Maybe right here. It's on equilibrium.
Not like I wouldn't play it if it was any higher, but it's also not like the honeypot zone. So I like it, but I'm going to need the five minute to go bullish inside of it. And I'm going to need the 15 minute to go bullish inside of it, then the five. And that's where I'd look for an entry. I'm not going to force it. I'm not going to just play the one minute here just because it is kind of a zone high up in this little swing range.
That's just my strategy. You know, I'm OK to miss it if that does happen and goes without me. Now, some of the alts that I'm watching, I really like if I hope that soul can preserve these equal highs. So from the top with soul.
The daily, it's kind of the same story of price. We broke the internal high on the daily, came down to this demand. I think it was, I refined it from somewhere. And then we started to accumulate here, form these equal highs. Then we came down on a four hour. So if you look at these equal lows, look how price reacted when we ticked under that low.
We moved impulsively to the upside. So that was a liquidity rate. So if the market makers are rating the sell side, that means usually we're going to go up and the buy side is going to be offered because we have these relatively equal highs up here. Once one side of a range is violated, you're usually going to see the other breached as well. We also look right here.
We've got a supply zone just above those highs. So we know that liquidity is a magnet. And, you know, obviously we could build our higher timeframe narrative around moving up to this supply. I haven't even, what's the structure on soil for our bearish.
That's kind of questionable. I don't trade Sol that much, so I don't know if this would even be a swing, really. Probably not. So I think the structure on Sol 4-hour would still be bearish here. Let's see, actually. Or no, because they'd be going down, up. So that would be your swing structure. Come back down, take it. Yeah, so you'd still be pretty bearish throughout all this, as far as the swing structure goes. But I'm starting to see...
This demand be respected. I'm mainly using Bitcoin as my bellwether here. I don't know. Bellwether is a good word. But as my, you know, kind of guiding path. And because here's the thing, if Bitcoin, if I think Bitcoin is going to rise, which right now, as of now, it's looking like it's going to, then, you know, I know I've traded crypto for long enough to know what's going to happen with alts. But I'm looking at Sol from perspective. The sell side was just removed from the market. We came down.
And we got that same stuff right here, break structure, the upside, right? I've refined some zones here, but for what I was looking at, you know, you could say this was your four hour demand and I know it's not a down candle. I'm looking at it because I know in a one hour, there's going to be something in here, right? Make this blue. I don't want to confuse anybody, but I look, we had that flip zone on a one hour.
The 15 minute and the one hour here, it's moving pretty tight, so I know that they're going to be the same. Also, if we look here, because once you see this, we come down, we fail to take the low here, then we took the low. So that's going to be an internal high. We know that the one hour...
Once we came down to four hours, we refined this zone. I have this mark down here in case the price starts to push down because I could see it coming in this zone if we fail to hold. But we know that the price came down to that four hour refined zone. We saw the one hour and the 15 minute. They're going to be the same exact level because the price was moving and consolidating pretty tight. I'm bullish there.
So same story as Bitcoin. It's, you know, kind of happened pretty quickly this morning and just really sloppy price action. I wouldn't have said, you know, if that when I'm if I was watching this live, I wouldn't. There's really no clear demand zone unless you go into a fractal and look at this wick, which it obviously worked, but that's not how it plays out most of the time. So what I'm looking at here is similar to Bitcoin. I just am kind of playing the.
the zones and mark this as well. I'm going to be pretty picky with these higher zones just because, you know, you don't want to get burnt and get aggro with it and then play the top zone if you're not very confident in it. I will say that Sol is deeper in a discount on this zone. So I like that.
more than even the Bitcoin area. But I'm definitely watching Bitcoin to see how it reacts. Now, the only thing is soul is the daily draw on liquidity has almost been reached already. But if we do start to retrace, right, and especially in the early hours of the night during the London session or in the early hours of New York session, if we see a flush to the downside, inducing short sellers and cleaning out long stop losses before reaching that.
I will look for long positions because that would be that manipulation part of your accumulation manipulation distribution. Because when we have a daily draw on liquidity above, we look for the day to start, go lower, and as that occurs, as you're in this wick, let's look. I'm just going to draw a...
So now let's look where the best entries were today. They're in that wick. That's what happens. We have that manipulation. This is when the day was red. Because if you're looking, it's in the lower part of the day in that wick. You saw me where I drew it. It's right here.
So once we scan to a lower timeframe, we see that oftentimes, whenever a market is bullish, the best entries are going to be given early in the daily candle, and they're going to be given where the wick ends up being, because that's coming down and clearing out the sell side. So anytime you're looking at any candle, think of wicks, that's retail volume. And when I say that, I mean that stop loss is getting cleared most of the time.
So we come down here. That's why we use closures for breaks of structure, because we want to see institutional volume holding above certain levels.
So Sol is another setup I'm eyeing. I'd like for us to keep these equal highs, flush out, and then that would give us a very clear target. And I'm not looking to take everything to the moon. I'm not. Even though I think that stuff's starting to look good, I don't think it's going to happen today or tomorrow. I don't think we're going straight to 25K. But I am leaning more bullish if we can hold these levels. But I'm going to look to trade the intraday movements on the way up there. I want to get my money in.
Get in and get out. Just because whenever you're playing a relief rally, it's not the same as playing a bull run. That shit can end at any minute. Let me get some sip of this coffee real quick. So another one. These are the couple I posted earlier. It's just the majors. Very similar setups. I could bore you with all the details. It's pretty much the same thing on all these coins. Literally.
I mean, that's how crypto kind of is. Whenever we get to moving like this, we get a lot of similar setups and similar occurrences. I would actually mark it at the end of this fair value gap. But really the only thing that's going to be different in most of these is going to be our higher timeframes. They're going to all be a little different than each other. AVAX.
We filled the daily drawn liquidity. But the thing I like about AVAX is we're still bullish on a four hour. We've got a week high up here. So while the daily drawn liquidity is swept, I look at this like price came up.
Now here was a break of structure to swing high, swing low, took that. So then this was our range right here, right? Now we could look at this all as weak lows and there's a ton of liquidity down there, but this tells me we want to push to the upside. Now, if we start to reverse heavily here and these zones don't hold, I'll look for AVAX under this area because there's a ton of kind of fucking liquidity under this and unmitigated zone down here. But I do like AVAX if Bitcoin can hold.
That's really what a lot of this comes down to is if Bitcoin can hold. But that's the main thing I like about AVEX. We're bullish. If I saw this accumulation down here and we do have liquidity, but I'm going to look for the weak high to be taken. If it wasn't for Bitcoin showing what it's showing, I wouldn't want to mess with this as much. I would just look at it as possibly mitigating this area and then come down to take out the weak lows.
But I do want to eye Avax if Bitcoins give me what I want from it. So ETH, I know Glacier got you guys in a fire-ass trade this morning on this. Showing the most displacement out of any coin, the biggest move today. And another thing I like about ETH, where is it? I think I marked this last down candle.
we're respecting this newly introduced demand um and a really big part of why like eth is these equal highs up here this tells me that this wants to get taken also we do have um bullish market structure here as well as far as from a swing standpoint you know here's your swing line or swing high and low so let's see
Again, could bore with all the details, but it's literally everything is doing exactly the same thing. It's, you know, just, it's pretty clear. The demand is being introduced and so far being respected. I think people are talking about shorting ETH. It doesn't look like a bad short here. It wasn't, or actually, I think Papa has you guys in a short, doesn't it? Look, yeah, 1202. So I see they came up in a four-hour supply.
See if we can refine this anymore. Yeah, I mean, this would be where it would, for me, if I refine it, it would be like right here, that region. One hour. Yeah, that institutional candle right there. Filled it exactly. Let's get a change of character right there on a 15-minute. I could look in this area. Now, at this point, what I'd want is probably this how to get ran right here, maybe. Not required, but now to get a five-minute change of character in this zone. So right now, you're looking at...
I would look at that right there. That actually is looking pretty nice. Yeah, if you can, I'll keep alerts set for this, because I think his limit's 1202. What would that be? Yeah, I like that candle. I see what he's seeing. I like this candle. That would be your ideal area for you to go up into, but really what I want to see is...
And the reason I picked this candle, there is fractal supply preference. That's where supply was first introduced. Main thing I like here is we broke under this low. But if you notice, we had demand in this candle. So because we took the high, so we know that there's demand here. So price did what came into the demand, bounced, flipped through it. So that's whenever you're looking at changes of character, more so on like a low time frame, like a one to five minute.
Once we see a flip, we see price come down, reacts to the demand, blast through it. So that tells me that supply is really trying to take control of the market. Some people call these control zones, flip zones, whatever. But, you know, a lot of times we'll see a price push up here. So that would be your honeypot entry if you get it up here. And also the better thing about not the pros to using flip zones.
is you'll get left behind sometimes not using them. But the cons are, for one, if you use a stop loss above the zone,
you get stopped out and stop hunted to get up here a lot. Now, the way I like to do it is use a five minute to confirm the zone. Or if you're using a flip zone on a lower timeframe, like say, if you wanted to put your short here and you could preserve your risk reward, just keep your stop above the high. Like, cause you'll see in all the tutorials, like, oh, stops here. And that will hit sometimes, but it's like, there's absolutely nothing fucking worse than.
you know, seeing something like this, like you have your, your bias is right. Everything's right. And you need to do this, come up to this zone. And then it's just, it's not good for your psychology or your portfolio. But that's just my advice on using flip zones. I like using them on a low timeframe, especially like the one minute when I'm using a one minute confirmation, I almost always use them or wait for them. So I'll have my alert set for this.
and then one was another setup if crypto starts to start railing in i might even grab some equity i want to research and someone tell me in the comments if they know but like did something like fundamentally did they get like like completely hacked or something like i don't because this shit is completely fucking destroyed also um
what's up guys in the comments on youtube i'm just now calling out my stream yard but this shit is like i hadn't looked at this in a while but dude it is literally almost zero so i don't know if they got like if some rug pull type shit happened i need to do more research but if if we start to hold up um i think this is starting to look like some heavy ass accumulation here but i mean that's again i don't know why this is so cheap because this was a coin of value at one point but
for me it seems like price came down kind of had let's turn the volume on because i want to just um i don't really even use volume but for wyckoff i just want regular volume there we go i don't know not really what i'd want to see there let's maybe use like a different chart a little better right there would have been i don't know actually i'm not really a big fan of the volume spread there
But just because it's so cheap and at one time was kind of like, not a major, but it was definitely not a total shit coin. Or maybe it was. Maybe that's why I did this. But it's starting to seem like it wants to be bottomed out. Another coin that I wanted to go over if shit starts to bottom out is fucking file coin. Because, wait, how did I? Hold on. There we go.
This shit is like dude, I mean, it's and I know that grayscale holds a shitload of this ZP said they did get hacked. Okay, I want to look at that more so I was just going through some coins and I was like Actually, I had a good buddy Recommend that one to me and I looked and I was like golly file coin though Should have kept volume on I'm just curious cuz I'm looking at it from like a Wyckoff perspective and that is what you want to see
Coming down to these levels is that volume spike because we start to see there's there's a lot of volume here There's actually more volume here on this recent time than there has been In a long time like a look
The volume after this right here, that shows me it possibly could be capitulation and institutional investors starting to come into the market. And I know that Grayscale holds this and that I think Michael Saylor's even, which that doesn't really mean much to me. He's like the worst trader in history. He did like crash during the dot-com and the Bitcoin crash. But when I look here, I see a similar...
occurrence so we got a daily change of character so now once price comes back into it and we can always refine these zones i always encourage refining especially those daily zones at least like a four hour so let's just draw that only to one hour because there's something that was lower that these lows got i hit this it pretty wild yeah
That's insane. It literally came all the way back down there. So remember, since we're refining a four-hour zone or a daily zone to a four-hour, what I want to go, I don't want to forget, like, say let's go to one hour, then people just jump all the way to 15 minutes over here. I want to see all the time frames kind of in harmony. Oh.
Let's see. Similar to some of these other coins. I'd just call this a change of character because I want to see after this low is made a new high. So that was the four hour. So now I can go down in here. I can refine this zone. Looks like another flip zone. Little area right here. Maybe even just down there. Yeah. So now I want to see this zone. Looks pretty interesting. What's up? I did not.
I'm really liking Filecoin, bro. I might actually buy some equity in this shit. Where is it? Crypto chat? Let me turn my Discord notifications back on for fucking my PC. Wait, I don't see it in crypto chat. Stream chat? Where's the other crypto chat? Okay, hold on. What the fuck?
I mean, I know that... Oh, damn. I know that ENJ is... They are very heavily involved with some huge VCs. They basically invented... Not invented, but they were some of the first people to come out with the idea of crypto gaming. Oh, god damn. Filecoin is like... Yeah, no. 100%. No, I see it. That's definitely a creak. Oh, yeah. This shit looks fire, bro.
This looks just like that fucking video I watched. It looks like Apple in 2002. That was the case study they used. This shit looks good. This is similar right here in a way. It looks a little different. I'm going to grab a little bit of Filecoin equity here. I'm going to grab...
So let's see. I'm not even going to treat this as a trade as much, but I'm going to... Is it any hope for YFI if we stay bullish? I mean, probably if everything moons, but YFI is dead without Andre, bro. That shit is so dead. And they're just getting passed up as far as... They're just not as sophisticated as some of the projects in their lane. They're just not competitive anymore, in my opinion. So how much percent is this away?
Because I'd like to keep stops under this whole range if possible. Yeah. I'm going to go ahead and grab some Filecoin equity. And let's see. What is this? 478.3. Let's see. Hold on. 476. Yeah, that sounds good to me. I'm going to just average in. Yeah, I'm looking at the flip zone is where I wanted to come down to. Yeah, I like it too.
gj so yeah this i was gonna look to short gj from here but i'm not really it's out of session for me so i'm gonna be disciplined but i mean it it looks like more it looks like just supply exhaustion in my opinion but i mean this would be if it wasn't for my bias i think this could be a three drive here like that right there and then just blast the supply i would look to short the out of this but i'm gonna just sit on the sidelines and it's also out of session
Yeah, I don't know, bro. I'm about done fucking with the... They've just been pissing me off lately, bro. Well, not even... I mean, I've done well with GJ lately, except I got wicked out on that broker wick. Like, that shit just sucked. That wasn't even the coin. That was just... But, yeah. You're talking about UJ, right? Yeah. Yana's just, like, completely dead, bro.
at some point right like it's like physically got to right right what's the file coin price because i want to make sure i didn't put in the signal i just realized yeah i fuck with file coin here bro and like because if we start flying and it's just that there's so many institutions that are involved in this coin and also if you look at the volume it's fucking it's higher than it's ever been since we started to kind of capitulate down here but
Yeah, I'm, oh yeah, Cardano, this is another I didn't go over. So Cardano is like held up pretty fucking strong.
since we you know initially started to like kind of cryptos died off because if you look it never even really broke down from its fucking swing structure while it remains bearish it never even like that or violated any of this it's just kind of came down now the main thing for like a long-term perspective what i would expect is this to flush out under this low because that would be you know it's our equal lows um i could see some
um some longs back up into some supply but if we could see price on cardano you know come you know maybe up a little bit come down here this is the kind of area i would look forward to um to be a big buy zone it's like anywhere in this area but i think that this is forming pretty nicely yeah that's pretty much all the stuff i wanted to go over tonight but um
main thing i want to focus on and the thing is for me i'm i don't really like trading out a session crypto i i do notice that it it kind of lately especially during tokyo like let me just look we've seen big movements during the tokyo session um
I guess really not until the last two days, these last two Tokyo sessions, we've seen expansion, which I don't really like trading Tokyo that much. I feel like I just spend too much time in front of the chart and just stay up late or waste my time. But there for a while, we were seeing very volatile movements in Tokyo.
If it comes down in the zone, I'll entertain trading it. I'd rather it happen. Tomorrow, I'm not even going to be really trading during the day. I've got to do some stuff with my daughter. She's got some stuff at her school going on.
I want Bitcoin to just come here, do nothing, wait for me, and then come to my zone whenever I'm ready. I like both these zones, though. There were nice longs. Papa got you guys in some nice longs this morning. I've been just trading indices. Fucking Nasbro today and yesterday is fucking insane. You said we needed more structure to get taken out, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. No, I think so, but I think we'll come down first. I mean, we are really close to the draw on liquidity because this daily imbalance is right here, but overall target would be up there at the high for me. This high right here. What would this be? Because this is a sign of strength, right? Yeah. Right, because this would be the creek right here, right? Like this.
I guess some of it. I try not to dive too over and over again. Like right here. This one right here. We're bullish on the... Yeah, yes. Okay, so here's the thing. From an ICT standpoint, yes. Oh, you mean like... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, you can.
You, you can, but the thing I would look at and that's helped me a lot is focus on like what internal structure is telling us. Cause like, okay, so while this is, you know, we have daily swing structures bearish, but like after we get that break of structure, you know, we're going to expect a pullback to a premium. So like, how do we know when that's going to happen? Well, if the daily goes exactly. So it's like the daily break structure. So then after that,
I would just look for, you know, the four hour to break structure in the zone that the daily, you know, this sponsored the four or the daily break of structure. Then we come down, what happened here? Four hour break of structure. So then we go down to a one hour. And what happened once we came back down into this zone? You know, this was the one hour, right? We broke structure right there along with the 15 minutes. So this was a 15 minute break of structure. So then, and I can't even say I would have played this, but then look what happened. We broke structure. The fractal demand was in that wick.
so then look what happened the five minute comes all the way back down to that zone right here then we break structure in the five minute then we come down to this zone and if you look at the one minute when we come down into that
This is not the zone, but when we come down to this five minute zone, what happens? One minute change of character. Look at the supply that caused that. See, that's when all the time frames are in harmony. So now, while they might not be in harmony coming back down to these zones and that, or this and that, when I look at it from...
you know, a bigger picture standpoint, I think that that's telling me that the daily pullback is wanting to begin with the data we have. Now that can all change any minute because our overall framework is bearish, you know, so you have to expect that, you know, you're not like shorting those supply zones and stuff makes sense. And especially like if you look at, okay, we're bearish in the daily, bearish swing structure in the four hour, but you also got to look at it like this was all just a complex pullback and
you know, if we were really going to remain bearish, what's going to happen is if we pull up here, maybe into these zones, and then if you start to pull back again, then you'll look for all this to get taken. But if we can push back up, you know, this would just be considered a weak high because it didn't take out the low. It didn't even take the weak lows. So if all the timeframes, right. Yeah. I mean,
i mean i see what you're saying but like i always because like for instance like if we're going to use internal it's usually like the first zone so it'll be like
exactly that's like that's yeah it's just like because like once you get like fixated on something you almost kind of like get lost in that notion or that narrative and then it's like it's already played out you know what i mean like that's already happened and like those zones well now if this bias is correct that the daily is starting to pull back or the four are starting to push up that we're seeing all the time frames have changed character now
And it's really about that first one because yeah, like the 15 minutes going to have to switch barriers to get all the way down here. Now we can use that same, you know, pattern and make sure all of the time frames in agreement. So it's like, you know, okay, well.
So now, you know, on Bitcoin, we had a, let's look. So here was your shift, your bearish change of character there. So now we see, okay, supply, you know, we're coming down, broke it. Now we have flip supply and we could come see all the way come down here, but now we could wait for the 15 minute to go bullish. Then you have a zone. Then you wait for that five minute to go bullish. Then you got a zone. Then you wait for the one minute to go bullish. And that, you know, in that narrative, then, cause you know, throughout all this,
our four hour is going to remain bullish our daily internal is going to remain bullish so once you can get it to where all structures are bullish and like that first instance of like where they all click that's where i've found you're going to get the most explosive moves because if you go back test like you'll see that you know whenever this is just it's just accumulation happening in real time you know it's like whenever we start to really expand
Nine times out of 10, if it's not fundamentally driven, like inflation or something like that, nine times out of 10, it's when all of the timeframes finally clicked.
That's when you really start to see, because now it's like the path to Valhalla for the market makers is now pretty clear. And it's clear what the intention is, the market's showing you its hand. And now it's going to go, basically what that tells me too, is that the algorithms are starting a buy program and they're going to seek opposing liquidity. So like in this example, like what all happened, like once all that happened, it's going for as much liquidity that it can hit until it hits a big, you know.
bigger zone so it went all the way up here it took out this right here right cleared all that now what was up in this area i really don't see a crazy valid zone that it tapped into unless you're using you know all this up here but we left an imbalance so you know now what i would wait for is price to come back down
you know, and preferably one, either of these zones, the one hour is still going to remain bullish, but the 15 minutes already switched bear. So I'm going to wait for price to come back down, switch bullish. Then I want the 15 minute switch or the five minute switch bullish. And I'll probably just play the five minute because I've with, with crypto using the one minute for it.
Yeah, to the downside. So that tells me that, you know, this, because the way that I like doing is, I mean, all that's great. Like everything I just said, that's how I'm thinking. But to make it simple, I have a narrative of where I think price is going. So I'm going to play the M15 all the way to it. You know what I mean? Like, for instance, like I'm looking at this M to 15 structure is bullish. Where are my POIs? Okay, I've got one here. This one's okay. I like it because it's a flip zone, but it is right at equilibrium.
You know, if we're extremely bullish, this is where you'll see a reaction. But we could also come all the way down here into a deeper, or I'm sorry, I think I said equilibrium. I always say premium and discount backwards for whatever fucking reason. But come into a deeper discount, this would be the ideal zone. But really, I'm just looking for, you know.
the internal structure across all timeframes to tell me that we're in a buy program, that the algos are pushing, you know, they're seeking that buy side liquidity. So that's, that's really what I wait for because I can just trade. Okay. So 15 minute comes up the 15 minute. It's the same thing we do with like the daily, like the reason where I'm participating in the daily chain or daily pullback is because of daily change of character. So if I get a 15 minute, it's bullish. I get a 15 minute pullback sign, which is my change of character. Then I look for it to tell me the pullbacks over.
And then I tell, you know, once it's over, that means the five minute switch bullish. So once the five minute starts pulling back, I like for that to tell me it's pullbacks or that it's changing to a bullish. You see what I'm saying? Like I'm just using all of them together, but it's like a tedious process. And it's like, you know, it's kind of, yeah, exactly. But you'll get better opportunities like that. And I've learned, I might, I'm going to, I'll probably end up just taking the M5 entry.
Or if possible, using the 15 minute stop loss and all this, because like.
I love high-risk reward, but sometimes with crypto, going to the really low timeframe, sometimes it doesn't respect them as much as if you're trading a major Forex parent indices. Indices, oh, all day. I'm using the one minute all fucking day, every time. But crypto, you'll see it give you everything you want. The one minute will pip you out, and it just goes. So I'm cool with playing the five-minute confirmation.
If I'm going to use the one minute, like use it for confirmation, but then still use my five minute or 15 minute stop loss. Like here's a great, I'm going to get off here after this, but here's a great lesson for everybody to learn this from, from me. So this was the trade that I could have had the other day. So this is just a great example of this. So if I would have just played the 15 minute, here's my 15 minute POI.
I had a three drive. Everything was perfect. Stars were aligned, right? We're like, okay, I waited for this all fucking day, all morning, right? Mapped out my London low. Everything was Tokyo low and London low was same here. We had New York low here. Everything was perfect. We were coming into supply. Came up here, got a three drives pattern. But look what happened. I waited for the one minute confirmation up here.
then look, you know, use the stop loss at this high. You know, theoretically, we shouldn't have done this, but the markets are a living, breathing thing. They're going to do what they're going to do. If I would have just used my stop loss at the top of this zone, right, or the high over here. Now, while the risk reward would have been, you know, much skewed entering from like a, you know, this confirmation, I could have just played the M15 and had a 10 hour trade, but instead I got wicked out.
right by three dollars but the lesson learned from that is if you can preserve your risk to reward requirements and still use you know maybe a higher time frame point of structure for your stop loss do that because while you see every post in 20 30 40 are like most of times you you can expect that sometimes it's going to happen sometimes but don't don't build that expectation that's going to happen every time and um
it's just, it can be a little disheartening to see that happen, you know, but, um, at the end of the day, you got to just learn from, move on. So I would say lesson to be learned from, from me and from my mistake and my pain was that, you know, I got, I was like, damn, I could have just used the fucking stop loss from here. And I, I mean, I'm happy with three R four R really, you know, I'm happy with that. If you have any account of, of size, you're going to like three R is,
It's fine. You know what I mean? That's going to be a good day.
You know, A-Restore, that's an amazing fucking trade, bro. In the intraday, that's amazing. And, you know, to see it, have done what it did, and just, it's frustrating. But that's the, that is the lesson I learned from that. Anyways, though, if you guys ever got any questions, of course, DM me, comment on YouTube, tweet me, whatever. Just get at me and I'll reply as soon as possible. And until tomorrow, I will see you guys later. Peace.
