Oh, there we go. I see why. Okay, let me know in the comments now. I'm an idiot. I just didn't even have myself added to the stream. Wow. Okay, good. Yeah, I was just dumb. I didn't even click add to stream. I had my mic set up, but...
Honestly, I mean, if we can get a nice little push up above these highs and get a reversal, I might take a sell, but it's just counter daily bias. So I want to be very picky with it. Really for me, if I went along, I want either these lows to be taken or ideally I'd like all of this to get taken out, but we might not see that during the AM session. We'll see.
Oh, somebody said close their Bitcoin long at 4R. I'm with you. I mean, I got a little more than 4R, but I closed it way fucking early. Talk about what I've been done trading for like... And I closed too much. Like this, I didn't get 11R on it. I closed a lot of it really early. Payne, max Payne. And that was on the funded too. So you know how that goes. God, I don't even want to... Fuck. That would have been a nice little salary if I want to help out.
Yeah, like you said, you can't be mad at 4R, though, when you miss a little. I mean, there's always another trade. And good morning to everybody, too. I was wondering why there was so many fucking comments. Everyone's like, yo, there's nothing going on. That's funny. My bad, guys.
I mean, really looking at SPX, pre-market entry up here, but it was just too close to equity open for me to really take anything there. But I mean, I look at this like a break structure, the downside displacement, not necessarily any form of fair value gap to trade off of the 15 minute. But I look at this, I see the SMT divergence push up into this right here. Also,
Ideally, if my bias is up, I want to see more movement down. So I'm leaning more towards maybe an early morning sell and then into long zone. I won't force anything. Ideally, what I'd like is to be able to catch potential buys down in this region. We'll see if that plays out, but I'm not going to force anything countertrend yet.
If I said 50, that would have been fun. Tokyo session been going wild lately. Yeah, on crypto, Tokyo is pretty clean a lot of the time. You'll see that expansion starting around like 9 p.m. into the late night hours. I think we could have some chop as well going up into the FOMC at 12. A lot of money is getting moved around. A lot of big players are sidelined or at least have a narrative they're going to push along with the...
However, the FOMC goes. Now, it's not necessarily a high-impact news event. I think it's just one of the members speaking. But I think it's a medium impact is what they have it classified as. But it'll definitely cause some volatility. Which one is it, UCAD? Is this 24? Yeah, I saw you hit that. I saw that. That was nice. Honestly, I misworded it. I wanted...
This I wanted a long at this one. I'm gonna just said fuck me and just one fucking straight to the races nice Right here Yeah Yeah, I want I want this zone still I think it could still be a nice opportunity up here Yeah, I wish I was watching a little bit earlier this morning I was like fuck cuz I can see where I would have entered but I didn't get to my desk until like 715 No, it's not I have alert set just
I wanted to take UJ as well, similar setup on UJ. And then, where is it? Dollar Swiss, he had a nice little liquidity rate. Like, look at this. So on the daily, we took out that low, went straight into this imbalanced, small imbalance, and this daily demand zone. It actually didn't touch the demand zone. But anyway, this imbalance, the rate of the low, look at that. Like, that is so clean.
This tells me we almost might want to come up in Yeah, I wanted to short away up here just left but as soon as I see something like that, I'm usually like a little Hesitant looks like stocks are doing something You know, we're starting to get that morning movement, bro Don't even I don't even want to talk about that shit, bro
That shit had me sad as fuck, bro. Okay, so I deleted the position size or maybe I hit it. You saw it. I shorted it. So basically it came up here and then I shorted it right here on this candle. And I just targeted, I think, like, I can't remember. It was like 2.25R, something like super small like that. And then it stopped me on a break even after. I mean, I took most of the profits. It was like a little runner, but...
This buy is getting super volatile right now. That wick, though. Oh, I did take that little low. I don't know if that's what I would consider what I need for a buy, but it came off of it pretty nice. I still want it lower. And today's one of those days I have no problem with being sidelined, especially with the news coming up. Hey, JL, my boy, how you feeling today? Hell yeah. You got that revenge on Bitcoin.
You sleepy? Did you just have a TP set or? Oh, you did just say that. Nice. Oh, yeah, for sure. Nice. Bro, hell yes. Fucking everybody congratulate JL. Fuck yeah, bro. Hell yes. Welcome to the funded gang. You got the bottom tick. Nice. Nice, bro. Maybe we should have been watching NASDAQ and not a spy.
You know, I meant for like the little morning. This entry, I wouldn't take it here. Yeah, I do too. That's what I was saying on US 30 and I fucking caught the bottom and closed it early as shit, bro. Because I don't like trading 30. Yeah, I was like the bottom, bro.
Yeah, see, and that's why I had it, bro, and I cut that bit. I mean, I still, it was a good trade, but I cut that bit to like 2.5 R just because I was like, I mean, I can't be mad at it because I was following my system and, you know, being a good trader, a responsible trader. Yeah, no, exactly. Yeah, I mean, theoretically, I mean, I just, I want lower than this. I usually don't look for a rate on a high that was created after.
830 but it's reacting to this low how I'd want it to react to another low but I'm just gonna I gotta stay Disciplined it's like this this setup. I mean it broke structural displacement But it's just the time of this high. I don't like just right before the market Open so
Usually I want to see something like this get rated or this get rated. Preferably this because it goes into an imbalance as well. That's another thing with this. It's not going into any POI. So I'll just wait. Forever hold my peace. If I get left in the dirt. Somebody said no sounds from Discord. That's weird. Should. Somebody said, what do I think of NOS? Overall, I think it's coming up into this imbalance. Where I wanted to take it this morning.
see NOS was actually cleaner to be quite honest with you I just wasn't watching it yeah NOS looks cleaner than spike see this we rated a low like with yeah I mean I feel like to be honest if I was in NOS I would have probably taken a good bit of it though because we already came up to the buy side but it could very well go higher
It just really depends, because the thing that I, that's right now that I am seeing, but it could be changed. It has to be confirmed by another lower low, but as the NOS is making a higher high, and S&P isn't. But until one of them makes a lower low, it doesn't really matter. What's corn doing? Yeah, honestly, corn, if I can get a nice...
I'm going to delete this now. But this, a nice display, so break a structure here. I'll build a narrative for shorts, but I wouldn't just take it on that. I'd need all the time frames to shift bearish because after a run like that, I think that there's a decent chance we could come up and take all this. But I also look at this as a big area of institutional involvement, this wick down. If I think we go to like a one hour, yeah, it's this massive order block or well, little, I guess, buy to sell range.
That's where we shorted Ethereum from. Was this, I think the same time period or no, no, no, this is older. I'm sorry. It's much older. I'm tripping. This is where we shorted Ethereum from. ETH, on the other hand, it took buy side. This is, I was talking about this in chat last night, but this was a pretty clean, just deviation setup. I wish I'd have longed it here, but I mean, you literally, you had the little range right here. Price took out the lows and then came up and this was just a mitigation and liquidity raid.
But whenever I was watching this, I saw this more as just a sell-off, but now I see in hindsight. Yeah, for a Friday, it's kind of odd. I think with a lot of stuff, it's a lot of developing setups, but not necessarily stuff that I personally want to take just yet. SPX is just straight chilling in this fair value gap, but I don't trust it for some reason. Well, I know what reason, not just some reason, just because with a low E rated.
So I said Bitcoin bearish daily order block to our breaker. Yeah, I mean, I agree. I could definitely, I could definitely see downside from here for Bitcoin. I mean, this would be the potential end of the AMD model with the distribution consisting of three candles. Is it a daily zone too? Oh yeah, it is, isn't it?
Weekly got filled. Daily got filled. Yeah, I think it's developing. I'm waiting. I mean, I want to get a display so I move under this. And from there, I want price to come up because we did touch the zone and sweep. So now that's checked off for me. I want to see it move down and then just start to see that introduction of supply respected, but won't force anything there either. Oh, yeah, I see it. Yep.
Yeah, no, exactly. Yeah, we stay looking at the same stuff. The same perspectives. Hell, yeah. Yeah, that's for sure. Spy's coming off that low nice, but... Yeah, NASAC was clean. Oh, yeah, that was the move for Spy. Well, I guess the one thing I can see here is that if one of the indices gives that setup, they probably are both going to run, but should have just been watching NAS, but it's okay.
Still want us to make a higher high here, which I think it will. I think there are some that don't. I mean, there's a lot that let you pay with crypto, but it's kind of like, you know, there are inherent risks to that. I mean, I would rather verify myself and know my money's safe most of the time, you know. But, I mean, if there's whatever reason you don't want to do that, I'm sure there's options. If you do a funded, you definitely have to.
I mean, yeah, as I say, I mean, if you're... But I feel like if you can't, then you really shouldn't even be trading your own money either. Well, yeah, it's all just percents. That's why, like, people that think in dollars, bro, are like, it's not healthy. And you want to go to a sad place? Go to the fucking MyForexFunds Facebook page.
You're going to go to a real sad place. I wish everybody could hear this on the stream. But no, the announcement is noon, by the way. Somebody asked that.
Oh, I know you did. I know that earlier you weren't saying just in general, because here's the thing, like it's reasonable. Like whenever somebody is like, you know, X amount, it doesn't matter. I get what you're saying. Like I genuinely understand. I don't mean to come off like I don't understand, but I promise you that that's not the that's not a success mindset in trading.
that's like when i'm honest with certain people like some people i've been asked like yo what if i have 150 port i'll start up just be like don't trade there's no point because you because you're gonna have expect because like i mean theoretically you know if you could really manage that and be realistic and you know understand that you know it's a numbers game and you know you can really grasp that then you know yeah sure like trade but most people can't
which again it's reasonable but it's like you know to expect like for instance if you had a hundred dollar port and you made it at 200 you just did like the you did an amazing feat in the world of trading like you just 2x your port like bro that's like ridiculous you know what i mean so it's like
Yeah, Nasdaq was the play, bro, for sure. But I'm going to note that mentally that if the S&P doesn't give the setup I want, but Nasdaq does, then, you know, to look at the S&P as well. But I should have been watching both screens. I just have, I need to get another screen because I need two screens. I hate doing the split screen shit. I can't even do it. I can't do that shit.
yeah i've got two already but i want these two plus ultra wide so it'd be like four but i can't i cannot do this shit bro i don't care how big of a screen i have because the ones i have they're they're 32 inch um curved like they're big screens too but i just i can't do that shit bro especially trading view like it literally doesn't for me i don't know what i'm doing wrong it's probably user error but no matter what i literally like cannot get it to fucking
Save like every time I open the other one up I can click save I click apply settings to all all this shit And I'll have like old drawings and different drawings and I just I can't do it Yeah, I can't do it Exactly. It's just I don't like being frustrated when I'm trading Yeah, right what's up
This is even cleaner than S&P. Anytime you take out that sell side, you want to look for the, I mean, it never even gave an entry though, but you want to look for the first break of any high, like I would have said, this would have been your high, and then you look for a fair value gap. Oh yeah, I'm sure. No, it did. No, but let's actually, you can, I mean, you literally can catch them like that. Look, it did. Look at that. But it's like,
Yeah, I was testing and entertaining the idea of confirming, like not this, but once price got back into the fair buy, you got confirming it with that. But the results were too inconsistent for me. It was cool sometimes. It's like, oh, my God, here's a 40R. But it's like, here's another thing.
Dude, especially if you're unfunded, like, cause here's the thing is like a lot of those strategies, like people that like a lot of the people that are, yeah, literally a lot of the people that are posting shit on Twitter and shit about, they're always hitting 20R and like these Instagram accounts that are just like, you know, these God tier traders and it's all hindsight fucking replay mode TA. Like there's nothing wrong with teaching in hindsight. I mean, you, you kind of have to, you know, I mean, not always we do stuff live here, but.
I do a lot of hindsight too. So I'm not hating on hindsight, but like, I fucking hate the narrative that like social media traders push where like, they always just go back and find the one minute entry and it's like 50R. It's like, bro, these dudes are demo traders a lot of the time. Now I'm not, you know what I'm saying? Like, bro, like 90% of the people doing that shit are on demo. But I mean,
Yeah, exactly. You can catch those entries. Like, I used the one, like, hell, I caught a pretty clean entry on Bitcoin last night. I mean, given I trimmed it way before it hit, you know, 10, 11, or it was probably a 5R, actually a little less than a 5R trade total because it trims. But, like, I feel like that notion of, like, you know, your average R is 10R, but you have a 20% win rate. Like, good luck trading that on a funded. Have fun with your fucking mental health.
Yeah, exactly. That's it. What's up, Fern? How you doing? Shit, hell yeah. Actually, I got on the ball really early this morning. Did my little morning routine. Felt good. $5? It was like $2 and it already ran 100%. You said, what is it, Luna Classic? No, Luna 2. What's the ticker? Is it Luna 2? Yeah, I guessed this. Bro, what the fuck? Doquan strikes again.
Bro, I know people that bought this when it was and that was the regular That was the other Luna the peel bought when it was like fucking nothing and made a bunch of money off of it But tell me why this chart actually looks fire Like this actually work. Yeah, that's what I'm saying like down here. No, not now. Yeah, I don't know but like look at that little Bop, bop, bop Bam. Oh, yeah, the dog ones about a fucking strike
He's got to get his money so he can fucking move to fucking Tahiti and hide and change his name and pay for plastic surgery. I'm surprised he isn't dead, bro. Like, deadass. He must, like, either, I guess, I don't know. Yeah, but just, like, the amount of money and the amount of people that were, like...
you know, involved in that, you'd think like they could fucking, I mean, I guess he made a bag. I mean, he's obviously, I don't know if anybody watched that interview. I watched that, uh, that interview with him. Yeah, exactly. But I mean, it's crazy. Like, oh yeah, I'll go. I see you're talking about four. That's, that's what I'm looking to. Well, at 40, 70, I think is what I have on this chart. That's probably the same, same level. It's like,
Well, that happened fast. Somebody asked at the beginning of the stream what I thought about NOS. And I was like, it's probably going here. This goes straight there. I was telling somebody last night that we were going to pump, too. And I told people Tesla was going to. Somebody was arguing with Tesla. And I was like, dog, it's about to pump. Because the wrong thing. On the five minute? Oh, this shit right here. Oh, my God. Because mine's not. No, I deleted all that shit because I don't even use it. I just deleted it like two days ago. Oh, yeah.
yeah yeah that's actually yeah that's what i've been targeting yeah yeah i mean there's moves sometimes to be had but they're very quick like it's the thing is too like you got to remember what you're doing because like a lot of people i feel like everybody just wants the stock market to just crash all the time now which it probably will more but it's like like you said whenever you're at the hell yeah
I'm actually on YouTube. I'm about to turn the stream off and then also turn it back on so people can hear. So guys, give one second. I know they're probably just sitting there thinking I'm just dead silent. I forget. That should be good now. But no, I fucking... What was it? I think it's... Yeah, no, Tesla. I was telling... Bro, I think Tesla... Call me like a crazy person, but... I mean, I don't know. It could not, but I really like these highs on Tesla up here. Yep.
Or at least this. I could be wrong. Yeah, that toast got taken out and then come back down to the downside after that. This morning was a great morning. Yeah, I took a GJ trade and then ended up, where is it? I wonder what happened to it. I got stopped at break even. Oh, wow. That's nice. I had a feeling I stopped it too early, but I was kind of not rushing stuff just because today's news.
It was kind of aggro. So the reason I took it was I refined this four-hour supply down to a 15-minute, and I used the one-minute confirmation, but I wanted to be a little bit more. I took about 30% here and break-even stops just because the 15-minute hadn't gone bullish yet, theoretically. For me, really, it's not until it's above that. So I had this as a target, like a potential target, but I'm kind of like, I mean...
It could definitely go there. Like I see a displacement seems like it wants to go up, but I just was a little bit more conservative. I have some limits set for down here on GU. Let me move this. Yeah, that looks really nice. Get that south side out of there too. Yeah.
Get that imbalance. Yeah, that looks nice. I have that same POI. Nice. Yeah, I just want to get that confirmation because it seems like it's a little going to be an accumulation manipulation distribution on the lower timeframes because we see how we came up. We deviated from the range, but this little chop, I think this might actually be the range. So we might see one more push above this into like this imbalance over here, dip down, deviate again. Yeah, that's nice. Yeah, I like it.
Bro, what is it with fucking all the people on goddamn Twitter just talking shit about Queen Elizabeth? I was like, damn, everybody just clowning her. That's because she's super racist, bro. During her reign, she did a lot of nasty things to other countries around the world. Okay, that might make more sense. I was genuinely like, damn, I don't keep up with it. Her history.
is as bad as the japanese yeah her history is as bad as the japanese history and the japanese try not to try to hide their history you know but i have the japanese tried to the japanese tried to massacre the koreans bro because korea used to belong to japan to 1945 and prior to that they would go in and pillage and rape and kill all the
all the people, men, women, and children in Korean towns when they try to invade and shit. Some pretty nasty stuff that they try to keep hush-hush. Let's see what ICT just tweeted. I'm sorry to interrupt. That makes more sense, to be honest. That's why I was like, there has to be something going on. Legit. There we go. We're breaking out on the S&P. We hit that level. S&P is going to make me cry. I just got this alert.
He was going off last week. Bro, dude, that shit was funny. That space, I was like, holy fuck. No. I hate Twitter ads, bro. Right there. He said, since everyone was interested in my homes, this is my latest acquisition.
He's wild just posting that on there. I would not fucking give any type of address out. It's all big, bro. Yeah, I don't know, man. If you don't like me, here's my address. I wouldn't do that. ICTs definitely would shoot somebody. You hear him on that stream? He's shooting. What he said last week was, it killed me.
Yeah, I was I was like, I don't really entertain all that. Like, but here's the thing that I will say the only comment I have on it. Like, I get it that there's like the dude who's, you know, whatever, like Vinny or whatever took the video and is like, oh, yeah, it's like he's a fraud and shit. And it's like, like, I don't really give a fuck what the dude has or any of that shit. First off, first off, too. I mean, I'm not saying it was a mansion, but like that house wasn't a piece of shit. And but I get it. It wasn't like.
what people, I guess, expected. But, I mean, like, you know, another thing, too, is, like, ICT. He's an old cat. Like, usually people like that, like, the people that I... They don't spend their money like that. That's what I'm saying, bro. The people that I know that are older that are, like, balling, like, truly, like, balling. Balling? They don't spend their money like that. They don't have no... Bro, they live in condos in Miami that sometimes don't even belong to them that they just rent and write off through their company. Exactly, bro. And if you think about it, they're making fun of this man's house.
When people are paying more money to live in a condo in like a thousand square feet versus the size of his house. So like trying to make fun of that guy. Send your Christmas cards later this year. I will enjoy reading them by the fireplace.
that's wild that shit's funny yeah but that's another thing people are like oh like talking shit i'm just like okay like like whatever but like if you try to say that shit doesn't work you just haven't used it but at the same time i'm not saying he invented this shit i don't know i don't care but i feel like it was so fucked like how many people got involved with that um
Like, I was like, Jesus Christ, bro. I was like, what is this, like Jake Paul beef with like Andrew Tate or something? Jake Paul. You know, like a celebrity fucking traitor boxing match. Can you look at gold? Yeah, I wanted to. Okay, it's. Yeah, I'm just going on. Yeah, where would you want to? I was just looking for a potential upside. That's what I'm looking for, too. So like.
For instance, what I'm, here's the conflicting thing with me is, so when I marked this little impulse move, we came into a premium, looks like a potential little three drive, but this to me didn't, that kind of, I don't know, it's weird for the three drive narrative to do that. So I'm like, when I'm looking just at the four hour and not, you know, well, I guess I couldn't say ignoring because I can't ignore that. But, you know, just looking at this, I just see bullish order flow. So until that, you know, until it's not, you know, I'm kind of just chilling. But what I would wait.
where's it at i'm trying to see uh i know it just hit one hour supply so it absorbed that and went down just now yeah so i'm hoping that it hits the eq of that four hour poi
Kind of what we both have on our chart. Yeah. I would like another sweep into this. Ideally, I would want, like you said, I wanted to go deeper and take out the early traders and then maybe give, it'll have some structure to actually confirm, you know, something like that. But I don't think it'll even be today. I could be wrong, but.
And then because I wanted to short it this morning, but gold's crazy with the stops. Yeah. Another thing, too, with gold, man, that I've so fun fact, my second phase evaluation, gold was my most traded asset. I only traded gold, Bitcoin and the S&P. That's the only things I won Nasdaq trade. But other than that, it was just gold, Bitcoin and S&P and mainly gold and S&P. And all I traded on gold, it was no supply and demand.
just liquidity rates that's it like for instance there was one probably this morning on the one hour well actually i wouldn't have i was just this something like this right here so i would wait till we got above a wick on the 15 minute for the most part yeah it gave us i would go like here on the one minute there you go it's right here like look at this so like as soon as you get something like this
Right there. I would just sell like this. I would either immediately sell or just as soon as we came back in the fair value gap, I would have done this. And I was just doing either fixed 2R or the next liquidity target. This is exactly what I would have done. Yeah, with gold, that's all you need to. And it's so, usually it's faster than this. This would have actually been a little finicky. Usually it's like, I mean, it's crazy. It gave you the entry on the 15 minute 24. Why didn't you take it? The 15, currently? Yeah.
look at the displacement fair value gap displacement you get into it right there in the displacement of the fair value gap when the wick came back up and you caught that short you go to the fair value gap where casper has this thing right there that's the next area of liquidity go look at my uh journal you're talking up here yeah right there yeah yeah because we we rated um the previous highs with that accumulation or well not really the distribution schematic that i had printed there
if you look at it rated uh previous um london highs right so we rated okio too created the supply right there boom traded into supply came down into the fair value gap and you're done trading bro because that right there uh low risk bro it's the evo right yeah go look at my go look at my journal
look at it i mean i kind of wanted to short up here too when i came to my desk but it gave the confirmation but it was just gone again i'm just really like now that i have this funded bro i'm like so fucking
Patient. Yeah, passive. Exactly. I don't even care. You don't have a goal, you know? I mean, I do, but like, I don't. I mean, like, oh, yeah, yeah. I was talking about for the firm. Yeah, no, as I say, I do, but I don't like have to hit it or, you know, lose the account type shit. So I'm just kind of like, you know, I'm just taking it day by day. I'm developing a super. So I said, why is it sad? I'm not sure what you're talking about.
I'm guessing maybe something about the queen. I don't know. I said, can I check soul and TRB? Yeah, sure. Fuck TRB. I'm just kidding. Shit fucking hurt my feelings. Fucking oracles, bro. Soul has now went exactly. Look at that. That was another trade. So soul and TRB, actually, it's funny. Those are the two losses I took last week.
We meet again. It came up right to where I wanted at least, but honestly, I would look for a potential reversal here. So I'm just going to delete everything there. So look at that. So I look at that as potential reversal. Oh, it's just adventuring. Yeah, I was going to say, I mean, I'm not going to take this, but it doesn't look bad here. Are you talking about this right here, 24? Yeah. Yeah.
I'm not in any rush to short shit before. News, yeah. It's clean though, but just at a glance at Aliki, I would look for, I mean, we got a four hour. It could potentially find Redistro soon. Yeah, I would say like.
Yeah. No, I mean, to be quite honestly, this could shit pretty hard. Like, I would be looking for like an absolute minimum. Actually, I'd probably look for longer than this. But down in these regions or these lows even, I mean, if this is redistribution, you'd probably just look for the sell side down here.
So you got that nice liquidity rated upside, right structure down, a little flip, because you didn't get the closure, flip the demand and the supply right here. Now you look like you're going to the downside. For TRB,
So TRB is our nice TRB trade, slow, stair-stepper to Payne. SLL and TRB were the only losses we took last week, though. So this actually doesn't look bad here at all either for shorts, but I don't think it's – actually, let's see.
I need to fix my sleep schedule. I guess you fucked up. Bro, you messaged me last night at three. It was like, wake me up in basically like an hour and a half. This man's not waking up. I mean, so what I've been doing is since I take naps intraday because it helps me avoid trading during lunch hours because you don't want to trade at lunch. If you trade at lunch, your portfolio is going to take a punch.
Because there's no volume. There's no money. Yeah. So to avoid that, I go and I take a nap during lunch hour. I wake up and then I start trading. Yeah. No, I'm like, I don't even trade. I just look at it. Yeah. I just look at it. And if there's a setup there, you know, I say, if not, then I'm like, whatever, man. There's another day. Yeah, exactly. Another day, another dollar.
A lot of people try to trade every day and that's kind of not the move. Yeah, no, for sure. Yeah, TRB, I mean, for one, I just feel like this coin doesn't really have much volume recently. I don't know what's going on with it. It's just kind of being...
accumulated or what but I mean if anything I would look for cells down into like this candle here because we see that liquidity rate down here you're above these highs in the fair value gap the 15-minute has changed to a bearish structure I'm using this candle because it's the one that took liquidity from this candle and if I look here we just want to see a five-minute come under this low new supply introduced and you can kind of layer it throughout like that
But again, I just wouldn't rush into stuff before news. I know it's hard. But like, for instance, I'll be honest, the sole looks like a nice sell here. But my rules are I'm not going to enter something that, you know, for me, this would be more of like a swing trade. I'm not going to enter it till.
after this news comes out you know so i mean is there a good chance of it just going to the pits without me sure but like that's okay with me and it's good like i remember reading trading in the zone really will help a lot of people because i see so many people have the fear like there's everyone just thinks of fomo like it's way more than fomo there's the fear of you know fomo is like a monster and different
forms as well so like it can be the fear of being wrong the fear of losing and news is coming at 12 stone but um
You know, it's the sooner you eliminate the possibility to have a painful outcome in the market. Like if you're OK with taking a loss, you know, you're OK with being wrong. You're OK with missing a trade. You start to just view things more objectively and realize like there's always going to be another trade. You know what I mean? Like I actually saw somebody tweet about this. They're talking about how Tiger Woods used to talk about how his biggest breakthrough.
and his and his craft and golf was um once he realized to eliminate the last swing from his memory the same thing with trading and all a lot of professional sports players have that mentality and that's why that book's called trading in the zone because you're not really in the zone until you eliminate all of the you know potential pain because when you have like that potential pain outcome your brain will actually filter out the data that you're seeing
or the data that you know already to support your own personal narrative. And then you'll start to make decisions based off that. But that was my little bit on that.
But yeah, overall, Adeliki, both of them look pretty rough. But, you know, we'll see how the day plays out because I think the S&P is going for 4070. Well, SPY, so I guess 407. And then it could see some reversal after that. Who knows? The Fed could come out and say, we're not going into a recession anytime soon. And then GG's to any shorts. Or you can come out and say, you know, it's an emergency. We're planning to hike rates.
throughout next year or whatever the fuck they want to say. And that can completely just demolish any kind of positioning or narrative that was formerly there. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I just, I just trimmed on UKAD. That stops the bottom even. What's Bitcoin doing? Yeah, crypto is just chilling. S&P's been fucking railing. Crypto's just chilling. Yeah.
Somebody said no trading before news doesn't apply to your GU limits. Now I got an alert set for that. I'm going to wait for the one minute to go bullish there. And if it's like right before the news or during lunch hour, then I wouldn't take it. The S&P wants that buy side. I was telling motherfuckers yesterday, I was sitting there arguing with somebody last night. They're like, bro, fucking just wait till market open tomorrow. I'm just going to fucking dump before the FOMC. I was like, I don't think so.
because then they were drawing us like this because then rationality was that this weekly gap was why or was it a daily gap or something yeah this day yeah no it was a daily gap we got though yesterday it wasn't that yeah but yeah i was like bro like this is not as soon as we saw that gap up i was like yo this shit's bullish as fuck ain't no way yeah bro i mean i put notes in the stock section i don't even trade stocks but i put i literally um here we find it hold on
where's notes oh yeah i put random but here's some ta for tesla for stock boys and i said i was going to go straight into this um weekly imbalance or daily imbalance like it was like up here you see i was like right there i said i was gonna go straight to this imbalance and then up to this imbalance that's exactly what it did
Stocks, bro. Fuck, man. Like, you want to talk about small money concepts working on crypto and like Forex, just go trade stocks where it's even way more apparent. Makes me want to start. I've been, I keep saying this, but I don't, haven't done it. I want to open up a sports betting port and then a, what's it called? A sports betting port and then like a little options port.
If you guys aren't in, beat the bookie. You're missing out for sure. Yeah, that shit's fucking, that's been paying. Hell yeah.
About to be done with fucking MLB and moving into NFL now. That's all I've ever really bet on in the past is NFL. My NFL betting is funny. It was like so degen. It was literally, I did like not great all year. And then I was just, I didn't, I didn't know how to bet. Like I just did all parlays, like the stupidest, craziest shit, but I wouldn't bet a bunch. Like I'd bet like a hundred dollars or $200.
on like six and seven leg parlays. It's just funny how I'm like the stereotypical person that makes bookies money at that time. But then I hit one like the second to last week of the NFL in 2020 and made all my money back and then a little bit more.
And then I was just like, well, I mean, I had fun, you know, it was, it was cool. And I lived, that was when I lived in Temecula in California and I had a casino like 10 minutes from my house. So it was actually, it was more of like an event, you know what I mean? Like I went and like, it was just fun to go do.
So I said check out ADA. Pretty sure this ended up coming. We've been in this for a while now. It almost stopped us out at breakeven. I'm actually glad you said that. I don't even like look at my Binance. It's just on straight autopilot. Depending on what Bitcoin does, I might cut the rest of it, but we almost got stopped out at breakeven on this one. So close. That's whenever you get that good entry, price kind of repels away from it.
Yeah, I mean, really here with ADA, you know, I'd almost want to look for these highs right here or this high into this imbalance right here up into the breaker. But it's kind of just coiling up. I like trading ADA. I wish it was on MFF. That's the next thing I'm going to do is going to be a true Forex funds challenge. And I'm going to use that for crypto because MFF is good and all, but like.
For one, you know eats about untradeable. You're literally it's a $4 spread like four full dollars That you're just down. I'm like damn bro. That's savage and then
you uh on bitcoin you got like a 20 to 25 spread which isn't terrible but then you only have litecoin and dash what why is that why is dash on like all forex brokers like who the wants to trade dash that's one of the og coins no i know i know but i'm just like dude like motherfuckers like getting with the times like dash like litecoin's cool litecoin actually trades really nice but the spreads on it are like unplayable too
I remember whenever I had like prosperity, like the way they had XLM and stuff set up. I was like, does anybody just like ever look at this? It was literally like your contract size was like 10 on XLM. I'm not kidding. So it was like you would have had to open like thousands of lots to like actually do anything.
Cause it's literally like, you know, every hundred lot was like a fucking, it was like $10 or like a dollar of margin with a hundred or something stupid like that. Like I remember I was like, am I like doing this wrong or something? That was when I didn't really get MT4 as much.
Once you get it, you feel like you're in the Matrix back when the Matrix came out because of the fucking layout. And you're just being a hacker because you're making money off a smart money contest. Their URL is just so bad. What is it? Like, MT4's website on the desktop has just gone off. I can't do it. I do it on my phone. Oh, no. I tried. I tried, bro. I really tried.
But it just, I can't do it, bro. It's cool, though. I will say there's something, like, kind of cool about it. There's, like, a novelty to it. Where it's, like, you know, kind of, I don't know. There's something about it that makes you want to do it. But, yeah, I can't do it. Might go take a nap. This is boring as fuck. Waiting for that 8 o'clock.
yeah update discord on my pc because it like won't let me tag i don't know if you guys notice that i always am like i send a message and then i tag like in a different message just because for whatever reason it won't like my computer won't tag like it does sometimes discord that's what i'm saying i need to i don't i guess i just never check for updates on it it's just a little green arrow at the top right if you have one it's next to the little inbox button oh no so yeah no i don't have one then
So I don't know why it does that. I think it was JL it was doing that for. I don't know. My computer does that too sometimes. I don't know why. But sometimes it does work. I think we're going for that level I've been looking for. 4070? We tapped that already. The next level. Wait, I tapped 4070?
Yeah, we have 40.72. We cleared that. We're at 40.78.25. Okay, mine's a little different then. That's why I was, look where mine's at. Mine's still at 40.59. That's why I was like, what? Like, I just looked at that shit. Yeah, mine's at 40. It might be ES that you're talking about. Yeah. It's honestly the better one, but the only thing I don't like about ES is the daily chart sometimes. Like, I know it's weird because that's the one you want to go off of, but I've...
I was I had it set. And then there was like a couple of times when there were imbalances that showed on like the CFD charts that didn't show on it, which I know that sounds like completely backwards because these are just actually you want to know a fun fact about CFDs on Forex brokers. So I think it's like.
I can't remember if it's FTMO or if it's MF. There's one of these big firms. When you're trading indices, you're actually not trading anything. There's no real asset. They just literally pay the people who win with the people who lose money. Yeah, I'm not kidding. And then they keep the lost money.
it's like a huge thing in forex brokers i was like oh my god they're making so much money well not i'm the funders i don't think they would they're they're making you know they're not really making they're just mitigating losses but then like the forex brokers that are just brokers that do that oh my gosh like right now on the on es and looking for what was it 4103 which is the 50 of the daily imbalance on there
Does anybody ever have like MetaTrader just never fucking refreshes? You just have to cancel the app and open it again? Yeah. Dude. These motherfuckers made this shit in like 98 and were like, run with it. Oh, well, yeah. I wonder why they just don't do anything about it. I mean, I guess they make enough money. Yeah, I know. I'm not switching. Somebody asked, as regards for my Forex funds.
Have I taken a look at funding accounts? I've never heard of it. 35% off funded accounts cost you 715 dollars for 200 K account. That's pretty fire. So that means the 25 K count comes out to like 100 and sign dollars. About 50 K is 100 it's like 200 bucks. 100 K is like 300 bucks.
That's not bad at all. It's not. So that's the fee that you pay to get the account to try and pass these tests you guys keep talking about? Yeah. So when you said just got trading in its own PDF, perfect for a week in hell, yeah. No, it's a really good book. It's a really easy read, too. It's like 200 pages. I mean, if you dedicate an hour today, an hour...
a day a day like it's fine like for instance this morning before i got on here what i do is i have a book that i always keep with me on my desk and if i ever notice that i'm like
sitting there like degening i'm not actually degening but like looking you know you get in that mode where like you get in the morning like this morning i did it so i got came to my desk i saw usd cad and this started going i was like you bitch and then i was looking at uj and i was like mother fuck you know instead i'm like everything and then i was in gj and it stopped me at entry and i was looking at it and i was like um this shit looks like it's gonna it didn't actually go where i wanted it to though i will say i wanted to come here i have an alert set almost but um
yeah so once i got you know that slightest bit of like where i was kind of like you know i'm like i was literally i caught myself like this just like
I'm looking at different charts. I'm like, bro, you just looked at this chart. Nothing has changed. So at that point, I just pop my book open, start reading. I've got my alert set. I know what I'm looking for. If I don't get that... Oh yeah, I wanted to review this too. Oil trade. What's the book? Trading in the Zone by Mark Douglas. I swear every trader should read that book. His other book is good as well. I haven't read Disciplined Trader yet. I've read excerpts from it and I had a PDF of it.
Me personally, I don't absorb shit well from PDFs. Honestly, I want to short oil soon. I want to wait for the four hour to... Actually, I don't know. It could come up higher. Still at a discount. Reading a book when you're at your desk is a nice little...
um change of scenery sometimes that and it just kind of like have you ever like you're trading and it's not like like especially if you're doing bad this will happen but even if you're not doing bad but you're not like you know killing shit or not in a trade you kind of just get that like i was saying you just start searching you know what i mean
Like you start just looking around. Anytime I get the slightest feeling of that, if you, you know how you feel like after you get that, then you go outside or go do something. You're just like, okay, it's nice breath of fresh air. You're not in front of that screen. Like that, that feeling, I get that from reading too. Like if I just look down, I keep, you know, start reading. It just kind of like resets and rebalances your mindset.
this oil trade was pretty clean we were in stock chat yesterday my power went out actually like right after i got into this and i couldn't place a stop because i realized bro i live in the middle of a city of 200 000 people right i don't live in the middle of nowhere and my power went out and tell me why my verizon i didn't have enough fucking signal to like use discord or shitty yeah bro i was over here like my girl was laughing because i was like yeah fuck this we're switching to t-mobile
I was like, look up something. I was dead at serious. I was dead at serious. I was like, see what kind of deals they got offering people from Verizon because this shit ain't working. I own my phone and I use fucking AT&T prepaid. Fuck that. Yeah, I probably should do something like that. I just pay fucking 40 bucks a month for a limited everything until they do whatever the fuck they want. Yeah.
crude oil trade I took, I just, what I, the whole logic for it, I was just like, yeah, look at oil. And I was like, okay. It was like, I look at it and then I think it was a weekly fair value gap right here. So obviously we've got a nice reaction off it. It wasn't like this then. Then I looked and was like, oh, four hours now bullish, right? As far as an internal structure, I really focus on internal structure way more than anything. I don't even like half the time watch swing, you know, like how photon and I can, they teach like this swing. I mean,
I know it holds some value. I'm not saying it doesn't work, but I just care about internal structure. That's all I really watch, but I look. So, okay, four hours breaking up inside a weekly imbalance. This could be something. And then on this wick, like when we got that, there was news too. It was better than expected and it wicked the fuck down. I was like, oh yeah, I know what this is. I entered that shed. That was just, you know, I just entered it like on that candle right there. Stop loss under the wick. There's no damn reason we go lower than that.
But it was such a baby position because it was so fast. It moved very quickly and I knew it was going to. I literally tried to put it in down here, but I was like, look at it. I was like, contract size contract. It's 100. Oh, fuck. I was doing the math. I was like, just enter. And I entered way, way lighter. I knew it was lighter. I didn't just randomly. I just entered something I knew was so light just to get a feel for how oil moves. But I might start watching oil because a lot of people say it's the hardest thing to trade.
But I was looking at a little bit of PA on it and I was like, this is, I mean, it's pretty clean. It's very heavily manipulated, but like the redistribution here was fucking, fucking clean as shit. Like, look at that. Right above these equal highs into this little buy to sell range. This is why it's on the downside. If you're going to enter this fair value gap, I don't know, I like it.
it's honestly coming if i refine this daily zone down to this you know i could but i just the way we came off that weekly i'm not i'm not really hunting for a short somebody said with ofp somebody's going hard but um somebody said the thing with ofp is that they don't ask for an evaluation period what do you mean like they don't like you just buy the account that sounds a little
facetious very dingy yeah i mean i feel like because the thing is bro like the only reason that these companies are here is because of how much money they make off people failing their account that's their business they're not just like 90 yeah they're not making i think it's 97 oh that's even better yeah and then that's funded yeah exactly and then on top of that it's like another crazy statistic
doesn't make it to the first payout which i'm like oh my god like what the is wrong with people bro you're a dgen but you know it's like
Because some people are like, yeah, I'm sure they really look for the best traders and they want to build with them. It's like, no, they want you to fail. They would rather make $1,500 or $1,300 or whatever off of literally nothing. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, off of fucking the demo money. Yeah, so that's their business model is people failing. Shit, guys, give me like two minutes. I want to go use the bathroom. Oh, man.
If I'm looking at futures charts, what source do I want to use? You know what I mean? Like when you're searching. What do you mean like? It's all relative to what you like. I use ES1 exclamation. Casper uses SPX or US. What is it? SPX US 500 or something? 500, yeah.
Gucci what I would do is I would just keep doing what you're doing and then for Forex I Or if like for funded accounts, you don't have to do lots yet. I Gotta learn that shit still. Yeah, I learned that first before you even Do anything and then I'll say I'll just go do the small account first quick, you know 5,000 challenge
What's the fee on that? What website can I look at to just read the info and stuff? FTMO is the biggest one. That's your blue chip prop firm. MFF, I would say, is the number two as far as reputation and how big they are. Then you have the funded trader, True4x funds.
Those are really the four that I pay attention to. I don't know why people fucking even entertain meant funding. That shit is so fucking trash. People like the fucking 15K. There's a one million, listen to this. There's a $1 million or $2 million account and you pay 15K for it and you can't lose more than like 10,000. It's something like 3% or something, bro. You can't lose.
I'm like, bro, what? They're making so much money off that, bro. I'll just tell you right now, another thing with prop firms to stay mindful of is the world is not in a great economic state right now. And a lot of these prop firms are from completely places overseas or far from the United States. So when you're in the US, let's just say,
the prop firm goes out of business. Well, first of all, you've probably signed contracts that say this is okay, but let's just say they go bankrupt. Well, you just lost your account, which I mean, it's not the end of the world, but that would kind of suck, especially if that's your main income and now you have to do a challenge and not make money for a little bit. I mean, it's not the end of the world again, but I would recommend...
mff or ftmo and i don't really see why anybody would ever use ftmo to be honest over f mff i just don't get it because they're um
To pass is theoretically harder. It's not that much harder. Phase one and phase two, you have to make 10% of the account, which MFF, you only have to make 8% and then 5%. And you have more drawdown, which I don't think that should be a deciding factor. You shouldn't be looking at it like that. Sorry, what's it called? Hold on one second, guys.
Sorry, I thought my girl was leaving. I was going to tell her bye. But yeah, with FTMO, I feel like there's a lot more ways to fuck up, which I mean, if you pay attention, you shouldn't have that issue anyways. But like, for instance, you can't trade on Volatile News. You can't hold over the weekend, which I wouldn't do anyways. The crypto leverage is like minimal. Like if you're on a regular day trading account, it's only 3x. And then if you're on a...
swing account it's literally one-to-one you have no leverage with crypto and then um i just don't understand like the benefit i really don't um
I really don't get it. Oh, FTMO. Oh, so never mind. Somebody corrected me. I could be wrong. FTMO phase two is 5%, not 10%. Sorry. You're probably right because I don't, I just know that the first one is 10. But I just, I don't know. I just don't see the, the only benefit that I would see over FTMO, I mean, over my Forex funds is their skin in the game. And they're definitely more established and more of a blue chip. So that makes you.
you know, more comfortable. That would be the route. Yeah, no, thanks for the information. I just, I just like to read over the websites and stuff. So thanks. Yeah, definitely do that, bro. Read everything.
Yo, Casper, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this first buy. So on like the four hour, like one hour, we recently cleared that 405.84 highs, that buy side liquidity. And now we're kind of like stagnating a little bit. And I'm just wondering if we're looking for the break of structure. So I'm kind of watching the one minute here. And we have this low at 405.55.
So if we sweep that, would you consider that the breakup structure? Or if we're looking at the M5 structure, the low at 404.33. So you're talking about the actual SPY chart itself? Yes, sir. So me personally, if I'm looking at like a sweep of like a daily, because to me, this is like a daily level or a daily fair value gap and a four hour level. Me personally, I wouldn't be using the...
the lower timeframes just yet at the lowest, I'd be using a 15 minute and I would want to see a display. So I break a structure and then start to frame ideas around that because while we are above the highs, you know, if I'm on a kind of a higher time for like a four hour, me personally, I just go for a 15 minute, a five minute at the lowest. Yeah. And I would look, you know, at this low right here, you said, what is it? 404, 433. Yeah. That one I would look for.
But here's the only issue I have with it is look what we've got right under it. Yeah, the order block. The fair value gap is more. That'd be more than I was paying attention to. That's the expansion from this morning. So, you know, there's going to be a lot of big orders because those market on open orders right there, those are literally just a fuckload of market orders that filled. And then I guarantee there are some limits that got left behind here.
I don't want to say I guarantee I shouldn't say that. But if you see kind of a slow movement into it and not displacement, you could see something like this and then come higher. Because ideally when I trade POIs, I want to see a sweep. I used to not do that. But the more I look at it, like anytime we're in a level. Now, if you're looking for like a scalp, you might catch a scalp off the one minute or something. You know what I mean?
you got to treat it treat it like a scalp so for instance let's just say you know we you took a scalp like let's let's just imagine for a second that this little leg in price came way lower obviously it didn't but we're just imagining there's a fair value gap here when you took a trade here you know you'd only be targeting like something like this because that's your next area of liquidity you know what i mean but and sometimes they're just not worth it but i would just wait personally and let the higher time frames develop a little bit
We still got an hour before this news, so you could see a lot of volatility manipulation moving up into that.
So somebody said MFF has been known to be poor with customer service. I've never had that issue. And then as far as payments, I know multiple people funded from the get payouts all the time. So I've heard people complain about the customer service, but like I haven't had an issue with it. And I had the only time that I had to reach out to them was to get because on MFF, a lot of people don't know you basically can get.
a bonus because I completed the bonus for the evaluation and you get like 400 bucks before payout. And they got back to me within like three hours and sent it. So I haven't seen it. I've had two people tell me that, but I don't know. So I'm sure FTMO, like you said, they're more established. They might have better customer service. I can definitely see that.
In my opinion, the only difference is that if the markets do pull back, the only people that would be live would be FTMO just because they've got age in the game. Yeah, that's a big benefit I see with them is the skin in the game factor. So I do see that for sure. That's the only thing that I use my FTMO account. I'll probably end up getting one. I just know the next one I'm going to go for is going to be...
tff just because of their spreads on crypto i was talking to mang and he'll open like a 20 lot on bitcoin or a 30 lot and be down 20 like bro what it means wild though and you can get those especially if you have no spread like you can hit that no problem no problem thank you for your um insight on spy by the way yeah of course bro of course yeah like anytime i'm looking at pois i want to sweep like i want price to come into it
Yeah, come up into it. Maybe it gets a break of structure here. I want that to get all those people to get stopped out. Because I look at that as inducement. And then they're trapped above here. And then there's a liquidity pool. Then you see the move. Okay, perfect. You don't always get it, though. You know what I mean? Like, for instance, gold left me in the fucking dirt because I was waiting for that. Where was it? I thought it was recently. Oh, I think it was maybe down here.
It wasn't gold. I don't think because it was recent. I was like the next last day or two. Maybe it wasn't. Oh, wait. No, no. Yeah. Right here. This is where it was. I'm blind. So like we had the four RPOI price came into it. And for one, you really never even got, you got that displaced from breaker structure up, but I just wasn't feeling it. You know, to me, this is where the high was. You see, I have alert. Sad day.
You know it didn't sweep and it left me behind went full target. So it's it is what it is, you know They sometimes that'll cause you to miss trades, but whatever you do select though Just be it has to be every time like you cannot stray from it Like gold right here if we sweep this that'll make me feel better, you know, I'm actually gonna send art for it Somebody said CRV. Let me see back here reclining
Okay, so CRV, sorry about that. Okay, so let me just delete everything. So I see a lot of sell side down here. Actually, I would say this really would be your equal lows. And then this would be your sell side.
i look at the impulse move to the downside that caused the break of structure i see us we've now rated a high i mean here's the thing though well no actually we haven't okay so i would look uh for the um confirmation of this being a liquidity rate because you know the institutional structure here would lead me to look for the sell side and these equal lows um we came back above this high into this imbalance here
And again, when we're above this daily high, that absolute minimum I'd look for is a 15-minute break structure with displacement. And I would be looking for the actual market structure, not just like a shift in any swing high or low. So we've got to move into the zone, got the sweep of the early traders, and then I had to come up and sweep this high.
Nice little three drive right here into our liquidity pool. So, you know, yeah, if you could get under this with displacement, definitely could frame a nice short setup. But, you know, again, I'll just wait for that structural confirmation. Like I said, SHIB. And so, again, I think this is probably going to go up and take this out. I could be wrong.
But the 15-minute to me is bullish still above this. It looks like we're just coming down three drive into an imbalance. If anything, this would be more of a long if we can break above this high with displacement. And I would probably look for it to come up and clear out this high up here. That's just based off the four-hour. And then we've got all these equal lows. If you came up and took that, I could easily see a deviation under this range. Because I look at it like you had this wrong button.
Bitch. All right. He's not cooperating. There we go. I see this is like a little range you had here. And now I've deviated from one side. And I would look for you to come down and take the equal lows. But I could see it going higher first. Again, I want to see a tap and a sweep of this high. Might not get it, but that's what I would look for. Yo, you remember the kid? Charlie. Charlie bit my finger. Yeah.
Did you know the kid's 18 years old now? That's fucked. Get fucked. I feel old. Yeah, that's crazy. He said get fucked. Somebody said palladium, GP. Oh, this shit looks good. Yeah, palladium should be bullish because Russia controls 60% of the world to buy a palladium. Oh, this looks really good. And it's the most used metal in cars. So, I mean, I would look for these highs. This looks really good, actually.
I said Bitcoin moving up. Yeah, I figured it would with the rest of the equity market. Yeah, this looks really fucking good. This is probably the better. Tesla's about to break out again to the upside. This looks fucking great. What is that? Metal? Yeah, palladium. This is going for these highs right here. This high.
What's the spreads on that? Horrible? I don't know. I know that fucking platinum was such a fucking... I probably played that on my TD. Bro, I traded...
what was it i traded uh platinum and i had a fucking like 51 to one trade and it was literally like the spread was horrendous and i fucked up in the contract size and it was like i made like three or four r off of it because the spreads was ridiculous i don't know about mff this was on a different broker let's see actually what's uh xpd i can look i have my yeah i'm pulling it out so
xpd spreads are oh my god how much does this move are eight dollars yeah that's a tough scene i mean it's actually i don't know i mean it's not great you could probably swing it but i mean like for instance you'd be down eight bucks
Oh, my God. My head says the spread's 10.50. Yeah, that's fucked. That sucks. You could swing. I mean, you could catch a swing. But even then, it's like, I don't know. It discourages me. Oh, fuck. I wouldn't even touch a 10.50. Yeah, like, that shit's crazy. Like, let's just, well, I mean, I don't know. I mean, it moves pretty crazy. So, like, from the low down here, all the high, it's up. I mean, actually, that's still a decent percentage of that move gone. That's a crazy trade.
Yeah, I mean, it looks good. You're going probably to these highs right here. This is classic three drive reaccumulation after the original three drive into this old liquidity down here. And this has to be just like, nobody could be trading this, bro. Yeah, I know. Like actual commodities traders, probably that's it. Oops. This shit looks so fucking good.
This looks so good, bro. What's Bitcoin doing? So he said it was moving. He said, fuck it, I didn't even stay up long enough for me to look.
bro spy um the one minute played out exactly how you just mapped it out literally broke that level pulled back up into an fbg and then pulled back down into where you can take the profit yeah and this actually might go lower now because see now how this so i wanted like i was talking about this load see how it came into it before it retraced like that so then i would have looked at it like i mean i would have
probably taking this personally, but there's not really a fair value gap. I mean, if you wanted to take the supply candle entry, that was what that was. And then at this point now, next area of liquidity would be these lows right here. Well, it would have been just this low had you taken it up here for a one minute chart. It very well could go much lower, but.
It was a super fast trade, but it played out almost perfectly. Break your structure, pull back up, and then continued. What I could see probably is something like this down there. Come under this. Sweep that low and then bounce back up to highs further into discount of the supply and then trap longs. And then we pull back. Somebody said...
What resources would I recommend to learn about spreads and losses for Forex? To be honest with you, you just got to mess with it, bro. Keep this in mind. For every Forex pair, I've never seen a Forex pair on a broker that wasn't a 100,000 contract size. Assuming a 100,000 contract size, that means you're trading 100,000 units.
of whatever pair you're on, whatever instrument. So each pip is going to move $10, right? That's why they have the digits on some pairs different. Like you'll see USDJPY and GBPJPY is different than maybe something like Euro that has a lot of decimals. But what they do is they calculate the movements so that whenever you're trading a 1.0 standard lot, your P&L will move $10 per pip. But let's just switch it up and say,
You're trading on Bitcoin, right? And some brokers have a 10 contract size. Some have a one. So what that means is if you are trading on a one contract size, it's really easy. For every $1 the asset moves, your P&L per one lot will move $1. So if you have a one lot and the contract size is one for Bitcoin,
And Bitcoin moves up $500. Well, you just made $500 minus the spread.
So, but make sure you always just pay attention to your contract size. Like for indices on MFF, the contract size is one. So, you know, every position is going to move $1 for every $1 these move. Bitcoin, it's one as well. ETH is 100. So for instance, for ETH, every $1 ETH moves, your one lot, or no, no, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's on FTMO, ETH is 100.
not on MFF. I apologize. Don't quote me on that. I repeat, ETH on MFF is one. I just never trade it because of the spreads. But no, so anything with a contract size of one, it's going to move one to one. Anything with a contract size of 100, it's going to move a dollar for every penny, like gold. And then for Forex, it's $10 per pip. And this is all assuming one loss. But once you get the hang of it,
It's pretty easy. Like I don't even use a position size calculator anymore personally. I just know like, let's just say if I'm in like 4X, like if I were to just set limits on this, I'd say, okay, 10.7 pips on this. I'm going to go ahead and say 12 pips because I'm going to account for spread plus a little wiggle room. So 12 pips, that's $120 per standard lot. So then you figure out your risk and you divide it by $120 and you know how many lots you need to enter.
Bitcoin's really easy. It's just, how many dollars is it? $200 stop loss, 10 Bitcoin position, you're risking two grand. DXY is probably gonna move up higher into this gap at some point. But I think DXY looks like 107, 588. That's what I want on DXY. I'm not switching that narrative either. And I might be wrong, but I don't care. I want this taken. I deleted all the other zones in my chart because I was like, you're looking at too much.
Silver was really nice delivery this week. I didn't trade it. I just looked at it last night, but super clean. Pulled up right into this imbalance just barely, but I'd say it's probably going to continue up a little higher. Silver's tradable on, what's it called? MFF. The spreads aren't like, I mean, they're not good, but they're not unplayable.
I think dollar Swiss is going to come back down and give an entry here. We'll see some accumulation manipulation distribution on it. I don't know if it'll happen today, but. Okay, well, it won't all happen today, of course, but. Bull flag, people ready to get wrecked on this. I don't know, who knows, it might break out, but. Anytime I just see a bull flag on Forex, I just know that that's, like, look right here. I mean, there's a lot to hit, though, so I guess to be fair. Bull flag boys on USDJPY up big. They've been trading bull flags for the last year. Hold on one sec, guys.
Alright, sorry about that. Also, I just now got the notification to ask to check near. I know that's super late. My bad. My Discord would be fucking up. I don't know why. It's like it gives me selective notification. Sometimes it just gives a pop-up on the screen. Okay, so I'm glad we closed those shorts down here. They already hit a little bit. So with near...
it's getting close to that premium most likely the weekly little impulse move daily as well um i would look for probably maybe a little higher on near i would look for this little buy to sell range as like a short poi i'll actually set alerts for that because i've wanted to shorten here for a while i think the higher time frames look ready for death
Upon price getting that region, I would look for 15 minutes to go bearish with displacement and then start a frame sale narrative around that. It's so weird how SPX hasn't taken the highs on ES. That's so fucking weird, bro. Wanda's out here fucking people. Yeah. It didn't on MFF either. I looked at my chart on my phone. Out here playing games, bro.
Yeah, NOS was the opportunity this morning, in my opinion. Like this raid right here. And then it was, I wish I was watching it instead of S&P, to be honest, but super clean delivery. Because I would have just taken this, to be honest with you, that fair value gap.
That was your confirmation you could have just marketed at that point because anytime that I get that And I closed you're like that. I usually I'll just take it there like yes You could have got like a couple points better of an entry, but I don't know just my personal Take on it. Like for instance, like let's just say breaks up closes the candle real bullish. You just take it right there You know That's not that big of a difference It's just really if you're confident in the break structure
The risk reward is nice today, too, on indices. They've been moving cleaner for a little bit. I wasn't really fucking with indices, to be honest. Like, whenever it was, like, I think, like, last week. It was NFP week as well. It's about lunch hour. Beat the bookie, also anonymous. It's Playbit's sports betting server. Go to the sports betting chat. There's an invite in there. Worldwide gives some nice-ass calls in there.
Sorry about that. My girl was leaving. She's just now got this new job. She's at a marketing firm. So he said, how many tries it would take to get a funded? It was the first try for me. But it's okay if you don't get it first try. I can say if I would have known what funded accounts were a long time ago, it wouldn't have been my first try. So I'd say most people don't get it their first try.
The first, I will say total transparency, the first evaluation I did, I was down like 3% off gate. I took three L's risking 1% and it fucked with my psychology bit. So I took like a three or four day break. And then after that, I came back pretty hard. The phase one, I passed mainly off of one Bitcoin trade. And for those in Playbet, if you remember, it was the trade. We tweeted about it too. It was...
I want to say it was this right here
no no it was this right here all right as this was the the trade right here we signaled it we got like 2800 and then um we took most profits right around like a camera it was like a not nothing crazy but then i held a runner all the way up to like in this region right here and that one trade almost passed the whole evaluation and then i had another bitcoin long i think off this over here that liquidity rate then that was what i passed the
phase one with and then phase two was pretty clean i came off literally the first trade i took on phase two was this one we signaled and play bit um it's this is honestly probably one of my more proud trades i've taken recently right up to this fair value gap but um so that i was blessed with pretty good trading conditions too to be fair so
I mean, to be fair, you take your profits. Yeah, that's the thing. Just let them sit there. Bro, that's the one thing with fundeds, bro. You'll get that. The funded psychology is a whole different fucking ballgame. It's a new monster. As long as you don't come at me saying, I'm a swing trader. I don't take profits until my teepees hit. Bro, I tell you. I'm Mr. Krabs. When we see each other in person, I won't slap you in the face. I'm Mr. Krabs, bro. I'm legit Mr. Krabs.
And I have a pretty strict strategy too. Like if I hit, now that I'm on the live, if I hit 3R, I'm out 50%. I don't care where my TP is. I don't give a fuck. I'm out 50%. That's just my strategy. That was why. And like, for instance, and sometimes it kind of bites you in the ass. Like I took this, I think I deleted the picture. We went over it earlier. I took the Bitcoin trade off of whatever's, where the fuck was it?
oh yeah it was over this this zone right here we deleted it today but that's um i took that trade and it was could have been like 50r but i took it 30 of it there and then the rest of it at this high and ended up being like four and a half r or something like that because i took it all or no i think it was like a little over five r because it was it was like a 10-hour trade after spread but i took 50 at three r so then the last seven are it ended up after feeds being right under like six r
So that it does hurt you sometimes, you know what I mean? Like, um, but I think it's just over time and consistency. I've just learned, like, I've had so many times where I was in a great trade. I love you too, babe. I've had so many times where I was in a great trade and then just get like fucking violated, like back to break even. And there's nothing worse personally. I know myself and my psychology gets smacked around a little bit when that happens.
And it makes me then, then like what happens is then you're like, you don't realize it, but sometimes you'll start looking for another trade and it's like, hold on. Like, don't you do that? Oh, you revenge trade. But because at this point, like one thing that I've learned for me personally.
I know how to trade. What I'm always battling and everybody's always going to be battling is your psychology. You never will be perfect there. I mean, I don't know. Some of these guys who are trading for traders for like 30, 40 years, they're what is referred to as like an intuitive trader. They're just in tune with the market, whatever. But I know that the main things that I focus on and working on and trying to identify problems is my psychology.
I think I tweeted about this the other day. I think a lot of people are great analysts, but they're terrible traders.
Because, you know, let's just say you trade and you have a profitable strategy. And then for whatever reason, you go start watching like ICT or start reading about Wyckoff or change maybe to supply and demand. And then you start overcomplicating things and then you start losing. And when you go from being profitable to losing, your brain's like, what's going on? And you like.
Forget that you just you know how to fucking trade. You're just psyching yourself out and you're overcomplicating things. I just I think at some point a lot of people need to realize like it's not even your analysis you need to focus on. It's your psychology that that's what most people's weak point is. Analysis is the easy part. Like everybody that I know that likes to.
uh that you know actually trades professionally like this is what they do you got your analysis i mean analysis is not that hard it's it is when you i'm not i don't mean to sound like a dick if you're just learning it it's difficult at first but like once you get it it's pretty mechanical it's like okay you know what's our structure in the high time frames what's on the low time frames where are our points of interest so it's really you know that's there's not much more to it than that
Where are stop losses likely to be? It's really it, you know? But the problem comes with execution and consistency and handling losses. Euro, I want... It's up in this daily imbalance. I honestly kind of want it higher. I want it back up to this little redistribution range. I don't know if we'll get it or not. It reacted pretty rough to this daily imbalance in the daily high right here.
Delete that I wanted to log if it came down there before Today's session Fucking Aussie dollar was another one. I miss word. The structure here was just weird for me like this little thing this little range right here
Like looking back, I'm like, damn, I wouldn't even, because I didn't even, when I say misordered, it's not like I watched it. I just kind of looked back. I was like, damn, that was a good opportunity. But when I look at it, I would have looked at this as the sweep into the range. Like, so we got, you know, these taps. I wouldn't have really wanted to take that. That got liquidated. And then you got this short-term high taken, which this one was kind of funny, weird. You know, it's, can you really determine that a high or not? So I don't.
you know i don't know if i would have taken that or not but then i see the true move was after he broke structure here price came back down into this original candle it was pretty choppy i wanted us to come back down into this flip zone it's kind of like that double confirmation entering the five minute but she said nope something yeah sometimes as humans we think the more the better but no the simplicity with knowledge is key 100
Because you got to remember, like a lot of the people that are teaching smart money, and I'm not going to drop names, but I'm sure a lot of people are going to know exactly what I'm talking about or the multiple people I'm talking about. They try to like overcomplicate things to give themselves like a God complex because they want people to feel like that they're needed past the point of education or like they're like a fucking God or something, which is.
Just narcissism and also marketing it as well. But things shouldn't be as complicated as they are. And they don't need to be that complicated in order for you to make money. Because people, like, I am interested in a lot of the stuff that happens. Like, somebody said Bitcoin new high. Oh, yeah, there we go. So now we're starting to move higher for that zone. That's what we want. But, you know, actually I did it. No, I didn't make a new high yet. Not on perps. I don't think.
No, not yet. It probably is going to though. Um, but like people, I feel like just overcomplicate shit in order to retain a perspective that, you know, their students have on them whenever, and the end of the day, you don't need a ton of crazy ass shit to make money in these markets, especially with smart money. And that's really the only scene that does that.
But I find it interesting, like some of the more advanced stuff, like I find it super interesting, right? Like Wyckoff, I find a lot of interesting. And I know some people that use it really well. But I also know some people that it hurts them a lot of times just as much as it helps them.
Psychologically not trading and I mean, but like it's just too much like what ifs and If thens and it's interesting and it's like fun and shiny and fascinating But like I'm here to make bread. That's all I give a fuck about at the end of the day So I just figure out what consistently does that for me and I stick with that Yeah, there's no reason to go out and try to you know Learn a new strategy when you already have one that works
Which is my two cents on that. What's up? Could you write a 300-page fucking book on taking profit? Because everything you just said was on fucking point. I'm not here to fucking have my dick in my hand all fucking day. I'm here to make money. When I see the money, I take the fucking money. Fuck my take profit. If I'm up two bands, if I'm up two bands, four bands, I'm taking that shit. We're not going to be fucked up. No, I feel like, bro, it's like, I mean, fuck, man.
You know, there's a, I don't know, man. I just see so much of it. I agree, bro. Like yesterday on NAS, I had a trade. It was like right here in this little region, that down there. And my target was a little higher. It was like this high or not that, not the high high, but it was, I think the supply zone like that.
And it got really close, right? And it just kind of started breaking into one minute. I just took it. I was like, bro, I'm fine. And I was just going to stop to break even, if not. You know what I mean? And, like, I get it. It's part of a system. And there's another trade to be had today. But, like, I just, you know, whenever I was that close, I was like, okay, I'm fine with the gains. It's, like, fucking 5R. Like, I'm not going to sit there and just say, fuck it. It was literally just kind of sitting here.
And I just kind of got that as soon as we broke this low right here, I just took it immediately. And then I was like, thank fucking God. I literally went to Starbucks and came back and was like, oh my God, I would have had a horrible day had I not taken that because my power went out. So I went to Starbucks to have internet. And then I like by the time that I got there, my power was back on. So I came back to stream and we were like somewhere in this region. I was like, Jesus Christ. Thank God I took that.
Somebody said you went to grab coffee. What the fuck? We're just talking about that and went to read your comment. Oh yeah, I did read it. But I agree with you is what I was saying. So Bitcoin did do the new high now. I figured if I did unbibe it, it will unbibe finance. There we go. So, you know, potential scenario, be it Bitcoin is we're just absorbing the supply here and it's going to go higher to clear out all these shorts. Big potential there. I could definitely see that.
Again, you know, like I really wanted this breaker. I don't know if we'll get that high, but I could see these highs getting clapped. I could also see us moving down from here as well. So again, just wait for structure and just kind of take what the market gives you. So yes, am I from Miami? No, I'm not. I used to spend a lot of time there though.
like it's been like three or four weeks at a time in miami the parent panorama tower down in uh bay shore got a spot down there but um now i'm not i'm from tennessee i wanted to move to miami full time but one thing about i know like i like kind of living
out of the way because, bro, living in Miami, you'd spend a lot of money on dumb shit. I like that being vacation. I don't want to be somewhere where I have a shitload of friends and a shitload of stuff to do because there's a lot of distractions.
I'm glad the girl I'm with now is super like that. The girls before that, she always wanted to go out and hang out with friends a lot. I don't know. I don't really care about that shit. I like being somewhere where I'm far from all of the... I'm not saying anything's bad about living there. I'm just saying me personally, I was going to move there and I'm glad I didn't. I love it. It's a fucking amazing place. It's fun as fuck. Way more fun and nice than where I live.
But I just know myself, and I stay more focused when I ain't got shit to do. What part of Miami are you from? Just a meal, man. It's Daily Coin. Daily Coin. I got a question about MFF. So I made an account because I'm trying to figure out where I can read the info about the cache that I need to open one, but I don't fucking see anything anywhere. Say that again.
So I made an MFF account because I was trying to figure out and read about the funds that I would need to start one up or whatever, and I can't find any information about it. I just got rerouted to like a chart page with a practice account. Let me see. Hold on. I've been looking for like a half hour now. I can't find shit.
Frequently asked question and make sure you do evaluation. Don't fall for the fucking accelerated bullshit or rapid. So I would go here to the fact you can get a lot of answers there. There's actually a lot of stuff here. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And then when you go to sign up, you can actually, there's going to be a contract that you'll have, not a contract, but like it'll have stuff to go over and just go over stuff like that. And then also they have a chat. Everybody says their customer service is terrible, but.
You can attempt to do something on there. I don't know how good they'll be if you don't have it. Because the only time I contacted them is after I got funded. So I'm sure that they're going to respond to people that are funded a little quicker than people that aren't. So I don't know. Maybe that's why I have shitty customer service. Yeah, I'll read through the FAQs, Casper. Cool.
Somebody said, you said, there's a lot of city boys for Miami, but I'm not one of them. You're from the suburbs. Kendall. Okay, cool. I know where that's at. It's pretty nice. Miami's crazy to live. Real estate, insane. Yeah, that's another thing too, bro. Super expensive. There's no reason for it. Yeah, exactly. It's like Cali.
I mean, Cali, Cali, I like Cali. Cali is worth every penny. Florida, I'm Trey, bro. Florida sucks. I'm from Florida, too, so I would tell you right now, fuck that shit. Yeah. I used to be out on Brickle at the Jade building. It's expensive for no reason. Brickle's so nice, though. I like Brickle. Yeah.
I only like it because I was hanging out with, like, super wealthy people. You know, I was... Oh, if you're in Brickle, hell yeah. Yeah. I was just working with super wealthy people at the time, so... Fucking... Where I'm at, like, my crib is... It's a four-bedroom house, and it's, like, 2,400 square foot, and...
It's only 1975. It's not bad at all. And it's a, it's a nice house too. It's pretty, it's not like a fucking crazy nice, you know what I mean? It's, I like it. It's, it's all got a nice big backyard. I'm like five minutes from fucking everything. So it's, you know, it's a good 50% cheaper than for instance, the apartment that I had in Miami was 3,200 a month for a fucking two bedroom apartment.
so it's like fuck bro and then another thing too bro like i fucking hate apartment living bro like well i don't mind apartment living apartment living with like when you're on like the 10th floor like fuck that shit bro now if i had like some crazy penthouse would be a different story because i would just never leave but um uh yeah i don't i didn't like having to like
I don't know. And I had a dog at the time, too. So it was a fucking pain in the ass. Every time I took my dog out, I was on the 11th floor. So it was just like, bro, fuck that.
so he said um texas bro texas is the fucking shit like i've never really spent much time there but i have a buddy he does uh like luxury real estate in austin and uh dallas and bro i was just looking at like his page and all the i was like bro what like the house is in austin i mean it's like that's kind of expensive but like the just the style of the houses they have there and like the prices i'm like for like
Like a $1.5 million house in Austin are the ones I was looking at were fucking nice, bro. Like crazy nice. That's crazy how different like where ETH and Bitcoin are compared to like...
I mean, I know what their range is. They're the same. Like the dailies just look so different to me for some reason. I mean, they're similar, but like ETH never even took the sell side really. I mean, it took this, but it didn't take, this is where I would have looked. And then Bitcoin on the other hand is, you know, like way down in the depths of hell. ETH daily doesn't even look that bad. I'm interested to see how this FOMC goes. Super interested. It's theoretically just medium impact, but it's good old Dixie doing.
see a pip this down here i'd still consider this so what's the 379 i don't wait yeah i did pip that i would look for a move probably up into um somewhere around this old low right here equilibrium this fair value gap just said like xmr yeah i think this could go a little higher is chi you doing it ever going to come back down oh so there was some little divergence there on eu
I'm definitely not going to touch this right now just because of the... I think I said the longest 10 minutes of our lives right now. Yeah. I think this shit's going to come in red. And then money printers turn on. Yeah. It's going to come in negative and we're going to run bullish for like fucking all next week. It's just going to be bullish.
Yeah. I love whenever I'm because I'm not even touching anything today at this point except maybe crypto. I have one put for Coinbase open and I have one put for Spy open. I was talking to my homie that trades like he's just like a legitimate like straight fucking degen. I don't know if you guys can move my chair. Like divine.
you think that this dude's way worse than divine but divine actually he's he's got a lot better i will say divine's been going he's been going hard lately but um yeah he saw divine watched the 2022 mentorship of ict and he feels empowered which you and i both know that that's not good but it's good it's good and then it's not and then it's good afterwards yeah like he's in the
in the mindset of predicting the market. Yeah, that's what, and that's what I was saying, bro. That's what fucking Wyckoff and ICT do to people. No, I'm not saying there's anything wrong. Like I use ICT all the time. Yeah, exactly. I just wait, bro.
I don't need that 1 to 500 trade. Fuck that. I'll make more money on a 1 to 4 trade than a 1 to 500 trade. Yeah, because you're going to take 10 Ls on the way to that shit. I think the problem that it causes in people is people...
Like, for instance, they develop this new skill and a new perspective on the market, which the skill itself and the strategy is fucking great if it's used correctly. So most people, I don't think the system's failing them. I think they're failing the system. But what it breeds is the expectation you have to be right because it's like this so like.
um it's such like a perfect you know so pinpointed accurate strategy where you watch it you know the person teaching in hindsight and it's like so perfect and you think that you have to get it like that and then you become afraid to be wrong and you get start hiccuping and start like no i'm not saying it's not good oh he's saying it's not good what he meant mushy mush was that it's not good that somebody had um basically
gotten a beginner's high almost off of something. Like they just watch something and it hits really hard and then they get euphoric. That's what he meant.
I mean, like I said, don't get me wrong. There are great strategies if they're used correctly. There's nothing on the strategy. But I think in a lot of new traders or even worse, traders who are already profitable that try to learn these schools of thought while they're trading, of course, there's going to be a learning curve. When they had a learning curve after they knew how to trade already, they start to really go to get at a battle with themselves because they're not used to not.
knowing what to do and now they have this fear of being wrong you know what i mean and it starts to like manifest into a lot of bad trading habits because
When you have the fear of doing wrong or being wrong, you'll hesitate on the trade that's right. And then whenever there is a trade that just the system actually did fail, that's the one you take. And then you fuck yourself up and you started on that death spiral. And then your confidence starts getting hurt. I've worked with a lot of people directly that have had exactly that happen. And I don't know. I think that there's like.
There's a right way and wrong way to go about trying to learn a new skill while you're trading. I always tell people, if you're profitable, just focus on yourself and defining your system because newsflash, most people aren't profitable. There's a ton of people that are in the server right now that are in the chat and then in the stream that as far as on their own trading, not trading anybody else's stuff, just on their own trading.
It's not easy. It's not, like, just a super easy feat to be profitable. Like, if you're profitable, fucking commend yourself. You know? I think Mike once said, like, what, the most profitable trader is only, like, 50% fucking accuracy or something? Yeah, it's, like, they're 40%. They're a stock trader. But that's because you manage your stops, and it doesn't matter if you lose 60%.
the trades, you're going to be profitable because of managing that stop loss. And if you have a $200 stop and you're trading, your position TP is $1,000, you're still going to make money regardless. Yeah, exactly. Some of the best traders I know are just 2R only. But they have like a 50% to 60% win rate. And it's like super scalp stuff.
Somebody said,
What resources do you recommend for consistency? Don't get me wrong. You said you're watching the 2022 mentorship and you're new. Don't get me wrong. I'm not trying to tell you not to watch it. I'm more or less talking about people. I've watched it. I use it. Just don't get high. I literally used the fucking model yesterday. It's fire. I'm not saying not to use it. The 2022 shit is fairly easy in my opinion. I'm talking more about the 2016 core content.
you know, some of the deeper, more complicated stuff, but keep with, you said you're backtesting, you're doing it right. Stay with it. Like I recommend if you're, if you're just like completely fresh off the boat and you understand like candles and how to work a broker, 2022 ICT is fucking great because it focuses on one asset class. It focuses on one trade model and you kind of learn as you go. So I think he did really good with that.
all of the shit works. I'm not saying any of it's like bad. I mean, obviously like anyone who says that it doesn't work, like all the people that are beefing with them that say it's like just cap, like that's, they're just, that's just cloud chasing. Like if you, if you sit in and look at me in the face, tell me ICT doesn't work. I'll just not even argue with you because you just don't know that shit does work. But, um, I just, the point of what I'm saying is people that are already consistently profitable and then they start to learn like why cough or some of these.
you know, a little bit more kind of open-ended strategies, they start to psych themselves out. That's all I'm saying. I don't recommend not watching it. I don't recommend not, that's not what I'm saying at all. So I don't want to confuse anybody. So now some of you are like, damn, I'm like halfway through. I've watched all of 2022. I've watched almost all of the first seven months of the 2016 core content. That's more what I'm referring to. Cause I remember when I first started trading smart money,
ICT was when I first started watching and I started watching the 2016 core content. And I was like, it's like not in a very, it's not in an order almost. Like it's like, he'll jump from like, what is equilibrium to like how T bond interest rates affect the fucking market. It's like, it can easily confuse people, but it's really all good. Like we actually went over T bonds, like the video that I have, it's called will the markets recover whenever we called this entire fucking stock market rally. It was like July 6th.
we said the market was going to rally up to the equal highs and that's exactly what it did and i did that using should i learn an ict just using the price delivery on a monthly from the 30-year t bonds and then monthly price will be on indices and dxy
so it was you know all shit that i learned so it's great info but now if i just learned that like the first day i was trading i would have been like wait what you know i'm over here i would be over there trying to find it all the time and you know i don't know that's just my thoughts one minute oh shit let's just we'll watch it hold on let's see what they say um for discord let me change this is gonna probably kick some people out of stream for like two seconds but i want to change the window to
I don't know if it kicked you out of the stream or not, but I don't have a thing on this or not. It's called a bookmark. I can't remember. This is old stuff.
It was cutting out. Can you hear me now? Now, yeah, I can. I was just saying, Mr. Take Profits here, I was just saying, bro, that focusing on 2R is like 2% is where the fuck it's at. Once you hit your 2% on your account, 2R, you should start looking at trim, definitely, bro. Yeah, no, 100%, bro. 100%. You're cutting out again.
Do they not have a live right now? We're losing you a long way. The feds don't want you to give the sauce. It's the fucking feds. Do they not stream? I don't even watch these. The only reason I put it up is because...
What is the Fed? Oh, man. The Federal Reserve. They're a separate entity. No, no, no. I'm not. That was the YouTube video. Nobody asked that. Oh. I was like, damn, this is going to be tough. Where to begin, huh? Yeah. I was like, fuck, where do I start? Oh, is it not? It might be just a speech. I think they're just notes. Yeah, okay.
You see the displacement on the market. Let's see. I just want to see what the market's doing for a second. The usual. Whoever thought that we're going to cut interest rates is stupid. Come on, let's be serious. Our inflation keeps shooting up. There are three takeaways from my speech. He said inflation is too high. Okay, that's news.
Too soon to say whether inflation is moving meaningfully and persistently downward. Okay, so that's not good. Committed to undertake actions to bring inflation back down to our 2% target. This is a fight we cannot and will not walk away from. Basically, they're saying, for those that are wondering, they're basically saying they're not afraid to raise interest rates to battle inflation. The labor market is giving us the flexibility to be aggressive in our fight against it.
Yeah, because the unemployment came out better, which people think is bullish. And then that gives them more of a reason to race, right? Exactly. Because the economy is not just necessarily collapsing. Longway said, for those that are on stream, he said, what he's trying to say is focusing on 2% keeps your bias neutral. That way you can shift gears in the flow with the market. People don't understand that. Compounding is a real thing.
And yeah, 2% may sound silly, but just to put in perspective, four months ago, my 2% was $10 and now my 2% is $800. Yeah, that's what I was telling people that this morning. Anonymous, I know you're in here and then there's somebody else I was telling people. I promise. I know it doesn't sound like much. It's reasonable whenever you start out, like 1R, what you have now. But if you just stay down and stay focused, I promise that 1R in a couple weeks to months is going to be crazy.
People always just think I'm like just saying that it's not I'm not saying that to like be like the fucking responsible old man who tells you to like wear a helmet when you're riding a skateboard or something. It's dead ass. That's the way you make money. OK, so basically said they're OK. They see. Oh, yeah. They support a significant increase at our next meeting on the 20th to the 21st. OK.
Based on the data we received since the FOMC's last meeting, I believe the policy decision will be straightforward. They're going to be more aggressive. Yeah. So I said, but the answers to how high and for how long will solely depend on incoming data. There we go. We should go to the fair value gap on S&P at around 405.80.
I'm just scanning it. I have a feeling this is just inducing shorts. Yeah. I mean, I'm not touching shit right now. What kind of liquidity is getting rated? Oh, yeah. Everybody's shorting right now. Which it could just dump, but I could see something. Oh, yeah. I'm waiting for that fair value gap right there. Yeah. And really, it could just be right here, to be quite honest with you. But this is where I would see the sell side. This is what I'd want.
He's basically saying he does not see convincing evidence that we are moving inflation down. So that means they're going to be harder with interest rates. They're not afraid to fuck the stock market up and fuck anything else up because employment is OK. So it's not hurting. That's what they say. And that's their reasoning, which is a skewed perspective. But basically saying, oh, people still have jobs. Fuck it. It's like, yeah, these people are making like little to no money working 40 hours a week.
and everything's getting more expensive. It's not just okay. It's all just manipulation for the fucking elite to make money. I'll put my tinfoil hat on. I think this might be the get fucked five minute candle to fuck all those shorts. Because I'm watching other assets and they're not necessarily dying. Honestly, it could be this right here we just filmed.
Do I trade ranges? I'm not sure exactly what you mean. Like, do I trade when price is ranging? Yeah. I'm not sure. I'm not sure if that's what you meant by. Wait, fucking ICT. I don't remember him saying that. He said, bro said Wyckoff would have been his student if he was alive. That doesn't surprise me at all. The one thing that makes me laugh is when he says, like, as you were on Twitter. I'm like, what the fuck? Fucking weird. It's like they're like sold. That's what like a general says to like soldiers.
and then what gets me is the people who are like like fucking cultist about that shit i'm like god damn bro which i get it it's changed a lot of people's lives so i understand but it's like jesus christ people are like a religion yeah lately people have been uh so i said bro is that bags what's up bags i'm assuming that's the same yeah it is the same picture so give me the 50 lot i saw you were fucking killing it on dow recently
Yeah, we've had a bunch of viewers. We've had like 23 to 25 viewers most of this time. I always have one viewer on Twitch. I think it's Granny, like Free Granny. I don't know because I never have any viewers on Twitch. He said, give me the 50 lot. Wendy's is railing right now. Wendy's? Motherfucking Wendy's. Yeah.
Yeah, Algo, are you thinking that we bounce in this little imbalance here after sweeping? Yeah, I'm listening to the Fed talk right now. Oh, they are talking. Yeah, I'm listening to it on somebody else's stream. And I'm also watching...
cnbc news and everything's bullish weird yeah 404 30 low to be swept like that imbalance i mean casper we're talking about but some buyers are stepping in here yeah i wanted the fair value gap to get a field but it's uh if you look at um i look at level two as well when i'm trading so
Yeah, it's kind of really important. You'll be able to tell what's... You'll be able to tell what's what. The fuck did I just do this? This might be that part where the shorts get fucked up. I don't know, though. I'm just here to watch. I just see people just hammering calls.
Like right there, that would be the shift from ICT logic and then came under the liquidity right here. The real liquidity is right there. I like watching it when I'm not involved because it's so much more like educational than to say if you're like in the trade. Yeah.
Yeah, everything should start gapping up. There's a bunch of shit that's gapping. NASDAQ didn't. So that would actually be maybe SMT divergence on S&P if we make a higher high in the five minute. But nothing confirmed there yet. Because Seattle, the S&P made a lower low. NASDAQ did not. I mean, if anything, though, I will say this almost looks like a fucking free drive. Yeah, that's what I was saying. Was it into any area? Into that high? Just like some one-hour SSL buy?
I know. I just want to imbalance. Okay, that's what that is. What? Somebody's trying to buy out Wendy's. Oh, is that why? Yeah. Somebody said, Luis, he's another funded trader. He said, this week in the last one, I was trying to prove that I was taking profits too early and got stopped on 5% to 6% winter trades.
probably a hard switch to 2% profits instead of three. I can easily see my account getting smaller and smaller by trying to aim for 5% trades. Yeah, no, I agree, bro. And like, don't get me wrong. There are those trades sometimes, but just have a rule. Like whatever it is, you have to have a very set, very, very set rule of your trade management. So for instance, like for me, like I said, either I'm taking, you know, my minimum is 2R, right? With spread, it has to be 2R.
Now, if I'm taking something that is 3R or above, like, let's just say the target is above 3R. I'll still take it, but I'm taking 50% of the trade at 3R. I don't care how good it looks. I don't care. I'm just, that's just how I do it. I misword like my motherfucker on Bitcoin today, but I really, it doesn't affect me that much. Like, sure. Would I have liked to be a part of that? Yeah, definitely. But, you know, it's not the end of the world to me that I wasn't, you know?
that's that's and once you develop and you're you're good i know that i mean you got funded and you've been going hard so i know that you know that already too so but it's also like but really like if you're on a funded account um you know usually those numbers can get pretty big pretty fast and it's really demoralizing to see a trade go from like you know a big number to a small one real quick it's it's not fun not good for your psychology either
I would rather take a loss, personally, like just straight loss, like just immediate invalidation, like you were just wrong, than take a trade that goes 2R up and back to breakeven. I know that sounds crazy, but... Yeah, Casper, peep on Ethereum, how much weaker it is than Bitcoin, like how at higher time frame it swept highs already. Oh, so that'd be S&T divergence.
So what do you mean by that? So it's like the indices, like if one of the, let's just say ETH makes a higher high. Yeah, yeah, same thing. Like this morning.
I was looking for it on S&P, but it didn't end up confirming. But really, it has to be confirmed with other stuff. For instance, if we look at ETH, it came above this high. I'm not saying it's just going to shift from here. But I am saying that I would want Bitcoin to... What I would do here is go in the 15 minute, and I would look at like this. So, okay. ETH.
didn't make a higher high while Bitcoin did. Now, don't quote me on this. That's the one that's bearish. The only one that I ever have played is when ETH makes a higher high and Bitcoin does not, which in this situation is the obvious. So for instance, whenever ETH's making a lower low and Bitcoin's making a higher high, I don't want to say this incorrectly. That could be a good thing, but I don't want to. Again, I haven't traded it except anything, except whenever ETH makes a higher high and Bitcoin doesn't.
Like the short we took the other day was based off of that. I wouldn't force it, especially just with that news and stuff that just came out. Yeah, like this is where you'd want it to reverse if you were looking for this. That little zone right there. Again, I really wanted that lower zone down here. But I mean, it came under that liquidity. It's the lunch hour, but I mean, it's a little different considering.
Yeah, now after lunch, when these guys come back, after listening to this on their lunch, that's a little bit different. Right. Then we might get a sell-off. Bro, the fucking public is not confident in the Fed, asshole. Shut up. This guy's saying the public's confident in the Fed. Get the fuck out of here. I'm happy for JL, man. I'm glad he finally got funded.
That's fucking fire. One key takeaway about getting funded, guys, don't spend the money before you make it. That's how you lose your money.
Yeah. If you're having dreams and you're like looking at condos and saying, oh, I'm going to move here by this car. There's nothing wrong with making a vision wall, but don't just, just don't do that because if you lose, you're going to get depressed. Yeah. So the expectation for you to have the money in the hand, if you don't have money in your hand, it's not your money. Yeah. The expectations can, can ruin mental health.
Yeah, see, that's why I don't really like that move. Because it gave the structural shift and the... Asdaq is about to break that low. Yeah, I was going to say, at this point... Watch, I just pipped at it. Watch, I just pipped at it and just rail. Did it even pip it? Oh, no, it didn't pip it. Thought it did. Are those all equal? Yep, they are.
Somebody said, can I explain the three drive pattern? Somebody said, now I got two viewers on Twitch. I appreciate that, Stone. Oh, and hell yeah. Fuck yeah. I appreciate the fuck out of you guys. Two people went on Twitch. That's dope. Yeah, YouTube's better. I mean, I agree. But I appreciate you guys. So somebody said on...
The three drives pattern. Wow, I'm going to laugh if that just goes from there. So three drives is whenever you're basically, you have some kind of higher timeframe point of interest, whether it's a liquidity pool, like an old high, equal highs, or if you're moving the downside, everything has its inverse in trading. But you'd look for like one, two, three taps up into it with the second one or third one being the first tap into the liquidity zone, or maybe a POI, whether it's an order block or a fair value gap.
and then you'll start to see bearish displacement. Like here, let's look at Bitcoin daily. It's a good example of one. So over here, right, we had this fair value gap. So if you take the premium or the equilibrium of this fair value gap, which was right there, so you came up into equilibrium, really a premium of this fair value gap. So you had one, two, three taps, then displacement, break the structure of the downside.
So that's just a distribution pattern. And you can accompany that with other things. Like I said, you don't want to just use it by themselves, but you can accompany that with other forms of analysis. Yeah, they're just talking about increasing interest rates. He said six months ago, I never thought inflation would be where it's at today. So far from our low target, which obviously, you know, it's not going to have a good reaction. This shit's pre-written though, so.
Exactly. You know, the news outlets get the speeches already pre-written so they can drop the news on time. I don't know if you guys know that. Anytime that there's earnings and shit like that, the news to Bloomberg and shit, they get it first. And they get it the day before. That way they can set up the program. And because of that, that causes...
the reaction to be either delayed or not to happen at all because it already happened pre-market. Exactly. It's all manipulated. Yep. He's saying that if the interest rates don't drop, if inflation doesn't drop in the second quarter of the year, they're going to have to increase rate.
Higher than 4%. Which is going to happen. Yeah, of course. We're going to see that bitch shoot all the way up. I don't mind. Exactly. I'm all for it. Fuck it. People with real estate can't really buy real estate like that. It's going to induce sales. The people that bought like million dollar real estate are down already like 10%, 15% on their investment.
You can write off a lot on real estate, but you can't write off a 15% loss of a total value in one year. So essentially you're at a loss. If you only put 20% down, you're very close to break even. And that's why they make you put 20% down on loans just in case the markets pull back 20%. You're still at break even and not under. But anybody that bought this year is going to get fucked. Yeah.
It doesn't matter. The only thing that matters is how much money you have in reserve, not anything else. Mike, do you think I'm tweaking if I sell my car? I mean, car sales are down. The opportunity to sell your car at a premium was about two months ago.
What you could do is look at your area and look at the market value of your vehicle and see if it's gone down in the past couple months. If it's gone down versus up, then it depends on where you're at, what type of vehicle. Electric vehicles have a priority now, so it puts a heavier weight on gas vehicles as far as the price holding. I can get...
I got my car in 2016. I can get close to my market value on my Tesla, like what I paid for it.
Because I have, like, my Tesla has unlimited supercharging. So I pull up to any charger and I don't pay for charging. So, like, you know. How much did it cost to fucking charge it at a station? If you use a Tesla supercharger, I mean, Robbie put up his statistics. He spent, like, in the past, I think, two months, three months, when he put it up, it was like $16.
It's a joke. Yeah, that's stupefire. And people are paying average of like 50.
In Arizona, the only thing I'm worried about is the heat index that's going to keep rising. That's about it. For us over here, it's whatever. That's why I won't buy real estate in the desert because it's not a long-term plan. If you're an investor and you're buying real estate in the desert, you're not really thinking. You're just acting a fool because an investor thinks more than 10 years out, not just the close. In 10 years,
The heat index is so bad in Arizona that six different cities in Arizona will be uninhabitable in the next 10 years because the max heat that it gets here is 122 degrees Fahrenheit.
Yeah Yeah, it's pretty bad if it gets to 128 130 you can't go outside and it's possible that it gets that high in the next two ten years
What's going to slow down is that these pipelines in Europe aren't pumping out as much oil. So, you know, oil is the number one cause of global warming. If you don't believe in global warming, that's like saying that you believe the earth is flat. You go hand in hand. I'm sorry.
you know, career. I just can't believe that SPX literally is this far from reaching the highs. And whenever spy, I'm like forgetting spy already cleared the highs. It's fucking with me.
Oh, yeah. Yo, Casper, what platform do you use to trade? My Forex Funds, my funded account. Fuck. All right. What do I do as a retail trader? You can get it. You just open up like maybe an IC market. I don't know if they even have indices. Honestly, I don't know who's good for indices except funded. But you could find a MetaTrader broker and just.
Meta trade? Yeah. It's a lot because they'll give you better spreads on their fund versus you trading your funds. Yeah. My spreads are like 50 cents on SPX. So it's like nothing. GU kind of looks like a short. You don't touch me right now or you can wait for the next session? Oh no. I'm surprised you're still awake. Would you trade London? Yeah, he does. Demon.
He'd be waking up London, New York, London Killzone, London Open, London Close, New York Killzone. He's up during those times. That's why I'm surprised. Yeah, this is just burning people's money if you're trading options. I could be completely wrong, though. It just looks like... It honestly looks like a redistro to me. What? Oh, this up here? Oh, yeah.
yeah one minute straight liquidity raids damn i'm surprised coinbase just kept going this looks so coinbase fucking bro i i was shorting coinbase because it's just not
Like Bitcoin is up 10% and we're coming into the Fed, but Yeah, it wasn't looking too good and I should just win bro Right now we have something called the buy program happening on the S&P 500 which is gonna destroy shorts in a second
And what I mean by my program, I mean that in the past, like every second from 928.00 to 928.34, there was people buying over a thousand shares at a time. Wow.
And the sales are only coming in at 300 to 200 shares. So I said, thank God I found a training channel which believes in global warming. And then Fernando said regarding that topic, talking about real estate, he said there's more development and more new people in cities around important rivers, but the water flow is the same volume. Probability says it will be a huge problem for water.
Oh, absolutely. We're going to start seeing states subsidize their water. So if you know, Colorado provides water for all of the deserts. So Nevada, Arizona, parts of Texas, New Mexico, they all get their water from the Colorado River. Colorado River has seen extremely depleting levels of water. And if you look at Lake Mead for Nevada, it's about to dry up.
like i don't even know why they have a dam there anymore you feel me um so it's just little things like that that are definitely going to destroy
You know, we're careless with the environment. Yeah, I mean, like, how long can we cut down a fucking tree for? Bro, and not even that. I mean, there's other things that we can use other than trees to produce oxygen. You know, mangroves produce more oxygen than trees. But the rate that we're cutting trees down, I mean, for goodness sakes, have you seen what our apartment complexes are built from?
Like the thickness of the walls have gone from six to eight inches to three inches just because builders on material. And yet you still have people that are, in my opinion, idiots paying a surplus in, in the apartment complex and like housing. I've seen apartments go for, you know, 800,000 at, you know, it costs them probably $50,000 a door to build, you know, and it's just because people don't.
understand real estate so they don't have the ability to negotiate. You could go buy a whole apartment complex for less than what one of the condos is worth. One condo price can buy you eight apartments right now. People don't understand that. It's just fucking crazy. If you want to move to a nice area, North Carolina. That's the sweet spot.
That's where my mom's from. Yeah, it gets cold enough. It rains. Humidity's on point. It gets warm enough. You're surrounded by forest everywhere. You could have guns. I mean, not like Arizona because, you know, America over here. But, you know, like I can have silencers for any of my guns and I can have full automatic weapons in Arizona. Yeah. What? Silencers are completely...
Well, if you want to get a permit, but silencers are completely legal here in Arizona. What the fuck? Yeah. They give it to you, bro. I didn't know that. That's insane. Yeah. We have .50 caliber sniper rifles. Oh, my God. You can buy a tank. For no reason. You can buy, like, bro, you can buy Apache helicopters. Who the fuck is a .50 cal? Bro, there's people here in Arizona that have
so much weapons in their house that they can supply a small militia. Like, it's not even a fucking joke. Like, the houses here in Arizona, in certain areas, they have, like, the basement, but the basements are built out, and people turn them into gun vaults. And they have, like, you know, quarter million, half a million arsenal in there of just guns, you know?
I have a buddy that he builds AR-15s over here. You know, like, how do you want it? You know, full carbon fiber, full automatic. Like, that's fine. It's all game. Do you have a state ID? All right, good. You're good to go. Here's your bill of sale. You know, nice doing business with you. And we don't have school shootings like that here in Arizona. So it's not a guns kill people. It's people kill people.
So I said I'm not I Said if question mark, huh, I'm not I wasn't I was kind of reading something. I'm not sure what referring to but
like attachments and shit being legal barely there's barely any because your teacher has a fucking uh what's it called a magnum on the hip like there's no there's barely any school shootings okay i get what you're saying everyone else has a gun so the kid's like he's gonna get gunned down put it this way here there's no road rage incidents how you see another state when i first move here i saw um
This dude from New York, he had road rage on the highway, and he got out of his car. And the car behind him that he was approaching pulled out a 45. And let me tell you, I just got back in his car and drove away very peacefully. There was no crashing into things or anything like that. You just don't. Bro, everybody here is strapped. My boy carries an AK in the car on the passenger seat just for shits and giggles.
I've heard a bunch of crazy shit about, um, yeah, there's no, but our ammunition, we can carry any type of ammunition. Your, your guns can have an extendo clips on it with no problem. You can have a 400, uh, bullet drum on your pistol. No problem. It could be a fucking, what is it? A Glock 21. That's a full automatic block. That's fine. I always said, if you want to get a gun permit. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah, you don't need a gun permit here. The only thing you need a gun permit here for is concealing it. But people are so prideful here that they don't conceal their weapons. I want you to know I'm carrying it in case you're trying to get crazy. Somebody said the first time they heard about Minutemen killing migrants in Arizona. I haven't even heard of that, the Arizona border. I'm not sure what that is about.
Yeah, that actually happens a lot, like where they'll, you know, open fire on immigrants and stuff like that. Yeah, that's fucked up. But to their defense, we have a lot of cartels here. So you don't know if those immigrants are actually cartel members because it's happened a lot where they, you know, they'll pull out their guns and that's it. RIP.
yeah i don't know i feel like there's probably a lot of it for fun it's crazy here yeah you know there's just no there's no road rage incidents at all like you know it's very peaceful people are idiots at driving here don't get me wrong they're fucking stupid but people don't complain like that i want these lows to get taken but we'll see how it plays out yeah this the the smp is just data burning people trading options right now it's not giving you enough range like every little pop sells off
I'm leaving a week. Somebody just sold 26,000 shares of the S&P 500, so you should see a nice little pullback right here. There's not enough buys covering that sell. NASDAQ looks cleaner than the S&P, I will say again. Yep. Oh, God. Joe Biden's talking. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Guys, question. Cash account or margin account?
For what for trading options They do apply I would say I was I was I mean they do but the thing is you got options or there's a lot more two options that can
come into play the way i suggest you trade it like you use um in this scenario wyckoff is super important um because you would have to find your schematic on your stock whether on a bigger time frame so like the four hour like i'll give you an example because i did a trade using wyckoff and smart money concepts it was a tesla trade um every thought everybody thought tesla was going to go down
But I looked at Tesla. It was an accumulation schematic just based on what it looked like. I got into law to $800 calls at $660. And the calls went from $2,000 to $35,000 a call. And it took two weeks. The way that I did that was using smart money concepts and Wyckoff. But you also have to do smart money concepts and Wyckoff on the option itself.
Yeah, the options have charts. So you have to combine your because like Casper said, you know, there's external and internal or extrinsic and intrinsic events that affect the options contracts. So, you know, it's very difficult to do it. The way that you use margin is not like that. You don't because options are gambling. The way you use margin is you trade your cash account and you build up.
I'll give you an example. I built my cash account from $20,000 when I joined Playbit when they opened the server to $245,000. I marginalized my account, and then I was able to pull money out of my account. And I still have the same buying power because I'm leveraging my stock against that. And instead of trading big positions and options, I can do what Divine does where he buys 100 contracts.
But that's just not in my risk management because, you know, personally, I understand options and the Greeks in a different way. And I know that, hey, not only does price affect my stock, but volatility does. So if I buy 100 contracts, if I'm doing that, the risk to reward on that is horrible. How are you going to go put $25,000 into a trade to make $8,000? Like that just doesn't make sense, you know?
at least not with my current risk management that I do, because I can just call my funded risk $1,000 and make 10 grand. Like that just, you see where the disconnect is. So I do not suggest to use margin to trade options.
um build up your cash account go look at the stock you know work smart money concepts on it trade it like that for like two three months then in two three months you'll be like mr worldwide where he only trades tesla you know and
The way he trades, he's risking a lot, but it's in a more risk-to-manage style. So he's able to buy $5,000 worth of options and get 40% on it, and then he's out. For options trading, that's good risk-to-reward. But if you look at a smart money concept trading,
uh person the main focus is to have the smallest stop possible um where you're not gonna yourself in the position you know so i like when i trade indices i personally aim for a 10 to 12 pip stop loss just because uh when i trade the nasdaq i'm in a 10 lot 20 lot so that's 200 a pip it could go against me so i'm risking you know two thousand dollars to make
15 20 like my best position that i ever made was like 35 to 40 000 off of a 200 risk and you know that was wild and then i tried it again and i lost 200 like fucking i don't know five times in a row it was fucking crazy i was like what the fuck is going on well that shit doesn't happen all the time you know so
Yeah, it was because I kept making my stops that tight. So in hindsight.
In hindsight, I should have been sizing out of that big position and I should not have made that much money on that position, which induced me to, you know, get high off of waiting and trying to do that every single time. It would have been better for me to make 10 grand and, you know, not lose four trades in a row because I'm being, you know, greedy.
Do it with stocks. Just watch the stock. Back test, forward test like Casper does all the time. Don't take it with live funds. The charts aren't going anywhere. The stock market was here before us. It'll be here after us. There's no need to rush into it. It's definitely a good strategy, though. You just have to pick a liquid stock.
Tesla, Boeing. Let's see. Damn, this dude just dropped Qualcomm's name. What is QCon doing? Biden. Yeah, and then he just dropped North Carolina's name, but he dropped Qualcomm, so Qualcomm should be...
pumping. Any chip maker should pump. But yeah, another one to trade is I've seen people trading NVIDIA a lot. So I personally like trading FANG, which is the stocks within the NASDAQ that hold the highest value. Facebook, Amazon, Google, Apple, shit like that. But the biggest movers would be Boeing, Tesla, and shit. The next one, it varies because it could either be Google or Facebook because of how much market value they have.
But if you want to make good money, just watch Tesla. Tesla is one of my favorite stocks. It follows TA. You can ask Casper. It follows TA. It's like trading the NASDAQ. It's the only thing I really watch as far as other stocks. Apple is good, but it moves too slow.
So that's why I didn't mention Apple. But Apple's the heaviest weight in the NASDAQ, in the S&P. They're the largest stock, period. So if you're trading NASDAQ, I suggest you watch Apple and Tesla because they'll make the move to the downside or to the upside first. And you'll be like, oh, shit, market buy or market sell. But other than that, just watch Tesla, bro. You'll catch...
Like Mr. Worldwide, bro. He catches, like, at least in the past two months that he's been trading it like that, every day he's made at least $2,000 to $5,000 off of Tesla. Like, religiously. I can use Weevil for this, though. You can definitely use Weevil. Goldman uses Weevil.
Yeah, just do the Casper, bro. Forward test, back test. You know, apply the concepts that you see in his videos and get used to the price action. And then when you really feel confident, go back and watch it some more. And then you can go trade it.
Because the worst thing is, you know, studying and then you catch an L and then it's going to take your morale away. But you really didn't make of a mistake. You know, it could have been like just a fucking you missed a fair value gap on a certain time frame. And you're like, oh, fuck, now you're beating yourself up about it. You know, you got this.
Man, I don't I'm gonna take this imbalance off my chart. It's fucking with me at 40 70 because it's already been hit what I could see happening here on S&P Sweep down under here potentially reverse and then take out all these early shorts and then maybe some downside
And the narrative I potentially see. Yeah, that sounds sweet. But it could also go from here, to be quite honest with you. Because theoretically, it would be just holding five-minute bullish structure here. We could be just confirming after sweeping the lows right here because you came into the zone. If we refine the five-minute zone to this one-minute zone, that doesn't have to get swept. We came into it, swept the lows, displaced and break a structure. But I'm personally wanting those lows to get swept.
We have this little tiny five-minute fair value gap. Yeah, I'd like those locks to get swept, too. I mean, I could see it go without it, to be quite honest, but the risk-to-reward just isn't there to this high. I mean, it's just not. Yeah. I think the move is going to happen after lunch. Oh, yeah, for sure. Just because, I mean, we've been in a tight-ass range.
I agree too. I think it's about to just kill premium for people that are trading. For sure. Retail sees a bullish flag there. You see a bull flag retail. Yeah. Bro, what is this guy talking about? He doesn't know. Bro, Biden is fucking... His earpiece is fucking up? Yeah.
He's talking about how we cured AIDS or something, and I'm like, whoa, son, hold on. Yeah, you see? That's exactly what just, that's why I was like, bro, what the fuck? We didn't cure AIDS. No, Joe, Joe, no. We did not cure AIDS.
It's more to the joke of Cat Williams when he did one of his first standups that he literally said that in the future, there's going to be a shit ton of people with AIDS and you're just going to take your AIDS pill. You pop that bitch one a day and you're good to go. And literally right now we have that type of tech where, you know, if they caught it early enough, you take a suppressant pill and you can pass a blood test.
you won't show up as being infected with AIDS. It's fucking crazy. Yeah. SMP hell of a sus right now, bro. Everybody's just getting burned that's trading this. Well, I mean, not everybody. I'm sure there are people, but...
If anything, this is where you'd want to see. I mean, you can even see it in the, in the, in the time. I have this thing called time, time and sandals, which is what we call the tape. Oh yeah. Yeah. Right. And it just, bro, it looks so funky right now. Like you're getting orders that come in to buy 1500 shares of spy and then they'll sell off.
300 500 200 300 500 200 and then buy the same position back and then 300 500 200 and it's just like rinse and repeat and they're literally making they're making like 10 cents on the shares but they're trading it so often that you know it's adding up right
What the fuck? Dr. Disrespect is a playable... Right here. You should see a little pump right here on SPY, on the SMP. On a big butt, on a tape? Yeah, I just saw, like... I'll post a screenshot so you can see what I just saw. We're literally talking about red right now, and then this happened. This all happened within one second.
So I said, why are we looking at NOS right now and I had better PA all day? Because I think the NOS opportunity is gone. I think both of them are probably gone. We'll see though. I mean, it's still pretty early. I mean, we could, usually I don't really trade in the lunch hour. The only reason I was considering is because the news that came out, but the NOS PA that was really clean was down here, right here. That would have been the entry right there. I like watching, I usually trade the S&P more. I don't know why. I know a lot of people trade NOS more, but.
What's this, Algo? Let me see. Out of the tape. All that came in in one second. It just showed up on my screen like, what the fuck? And those are all bids? Those are all bids. Yeah. Look at that one. Like, what the fuck just happened? It's Algo's going to work. Yep. They're making them. Oh, somebody just bought fucking, yeah, it's going to pump. Somebody just bought.
what, 47,000, 48,000 shares of the S&P? Yeah, the buying pressure is definitely there. I wanted S&P to go down for these lows and go into this imbalance. We could still potentially get it after lunch, but I don't think Nas has cleared the highs yet on anything for NQ. Oh, no, it has. This is my broker, or not my broker, my chart's just fucked. Did it clear?
I know, it's a tick away from clearing of the highest. That's so whack, bro. What the fuck? Why is my... Wanda's on that fuck shit today. That's so stupid. Nvidia should have caught that pump because of the chips where... Yeah, it did. It moved a full dollar to the upset. Nvidia looks fucking gas in the monthly. Why does it want to do that all the time? I don't know. Honestly, Nvidia doesn't look bad on the weekly.
Hey, Joel. Check out Shopify, right? And check out Docu. And then the last one to check out would be Net. N-E-T. Check out those three tickers. I got you. Is there a certain time frame I should be looking at? Nah. You'll just look at it and be shocked at what happens in those tickers.
Oh, what the hell? Wait, what happened? Is this a certain sector? Net is cybersecurity. Docu is like documents and cybersecurity, I guess you could say. And then you already have Shopify. Yeah. I wonder what caused that.
weekly sell-off like that so much imbalances on the way up yeah so docu had earnings yesterday it pulled back 50 of the move so it's up 20 something percent pulled back 50 of into its fair value gap and it's slowly curling up to the upside now yeah it looks like it wants to come straight for those highs at like 77 for real right i can't get over how fucked these charts are bro like are all the knots moments like that
They're all like that unless you're looking at the futures chart. That's crazy, bro. Yeah, so the reason why I use the futures chart is because I have a watch list somewhere where I put all the NAS pairs, and when I used to pay for premium, because I stopped paying for that shit because I don't need it, I pulled them all up on the charts and compared them, and the one that was the most consistent was the futures chart. Yeah, that's crazy that they're this far off. I was like, oh, okay, I'll use this.
Because originally I wanted to use SPX 500 and NAS 100 because that's what, you know, is most commonly used. Yeah, that's what I use, but now this makes me not want to. I like the daily views of these a little better. Did you play that shop daily, Algo? That triple bottom swept it and immediately bounced? That is so fucking pleased. So I haven't been wanting to...
Yeah, it might even blow that and, you know, make a new high. Yeah, for real. Yeah, this looks so clean. I love this setup. So Robbie and Glacier were talking about it, I want to say like a month ago, something like that. Whenever it was at the lows, they were talking about it and I bought 100 shares. Yeah, I mean, shit, it's already up 18% from the lows. Yep. Great.
Can you start looking at random pictures like this again? I've gone too hyper-focused on large caps again, like Apple, Microsoft, Tesla, and then I forget about all the other random tickers. I'd just be moving like crazy. Do you want my watch list? It's quite big, I'd say. It's 319 tickers, but it's what I use to...
Like, if I'm making a watch list. Just more things to look at, honestly.
Because at the end of the day, all these large caps pretty much look like SPY in the NASDAQ chart anyway. So it's trading the same steps. The RealReal's up 15% today. Peloton's up 12%. AMC, 11% with GME. Riot is up 10%. This list gives me a general outlook at the market because there's a lot of tickers that I play.
M-E-L-I, people don't really trade that. But that's up 5%. But in options, we would have made a killing. Why? Because it's up 50 bucks for the day. Yeah. So, like, you know, that's 50 bucks. There's another one that went stupid today. Yeah. Another one that I used to trade a lot is Chipotle, CMG. And the last one is ServiceNow, ticker is N-O-W. Word. I'm about to add some of these to my watch list.
And then if we get into like travel and shit, I'd be looking at booking and Expedia. So booking moved $62 today. So you could just imagine the deltas on your contracts. Yeah.
And one stock to stay away from? Adobe. Don't trade that. It's on the list, but just don't... Just look at it. Don't trade it. That's got shit spreads, right? Yeah, and the theta burn is fucking real, bro. It's just... It's bad. And if you like chip stocks, one of my favorites to trade is LRCX.
Very cool stock. Does BP pay pretty good dividends? They do, but if you want a good dividend stock, I would go for IRM. They're very secure. I also like BlackRock. Yeah, AT&T. I own 100 shares in my Robinhood portfolio. Oh, the best company that I own is called Masabi Trust. It's MSB.
They're trading out like $24 a share. It went up to $33 to $40 a share. But every quarter on 100 shares, I get paid out $84 to $200 for owning 100 shares. It's called MSB. I got that one. You were talking about a different one before that. IRM. Yeah. Okay. Lunch is over. We should see some volume pick up.
In the next little bit See the last dividend they paid out was 61 61 a share and then the previous one was also 61 so they're paying $61 61 cents a share
And that's quarterly, right? Yeah. Yeah, okay. If you want to get paid every month, I suggest you buy a company called O Realty. They pay, I think it's like 25 cents a share.
they're quite expensive but it's it's a aristocratic real estate company what we consider the aristocrats of the stock market you know companies that have paid their dividend now for longer than i think it's like 40 years and they haven't missed the payment or reduced the payment size so they're one of the people that i own their shares it's it's just oh
And the company's called O-Reality, but it's just O. They're really good for dibbies. Who else? I want a bunch of dividend stock.
It was my main focus for a while. I own a gold miner called Caledonia Mining. It's CMCL. They're pretty good. I own 100 shares. I have Drip on them. Well, I own more than 100 shares now because of Drip, but they're good. Another one is ABBV. I own them. Fucking awesome company. AB is another company that I use.
And then the last one I could suggest is called DEA. They rent properties to the government. So it's real estate that the government is renting that I don't see, you know, unless America goes bankrupt again and JP Morgan has to bail us out. I don't see it going anywhere. Oh, and energy transfer, ET.
What's the realty company called? EEA? There's DEA and O and AB and... Yeah, I just suggest those. And another one I own is Walgreens. So WBA is a good one too. I'll put them all right there in the stock chat for you guys. These reactions, these little fair value gaps are pretty nice.
I feel I need to participate yet, but it's mapping out price. Getting pretty close to these highs. It's just weird because for a little bit there, I kept forgetting that the highs hadn't been taken on futures, but they have. It's just crazy to me how far off NOS is, though. That's a far-ass ways. That's literally almost 100 points off.
Oh, that's right. It's King Charles now. That's right. King Charles. No Prince Charles.
Oh, well, his mama died. No, no, I know, I know. I'm just saying. Yeah, that's him, right? That's Charles? Yeah, it is. I don't want to get it wrong with the whole dude. Yeah, it is. Yeah. Like, his mama was about to outlive him. Like, what the fuck? They all got some fucking... That adrenochrome hit different. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Literally.
fucking chipotle should do a stock split too man their shit is like fucking almost 2 000 bucks bro that was my biggest l of my life why do i say that i saw that shit at 400 a share and instead of buying that i bought blackrock shares because blackrock plays pays a big ass dividend right um blackrock went from
two hundred dollars to six seven eight hundred dollars right chipotle went from four hundred dollars to two thousand dollars i'm so pissed bro like what's saying like what makes i mean they're fast food chain yeah well quality of food they were the only ones that were prepared for um for the pandemic because they they're the only company that had a whole section
dedicated to to-go orders prior to the pandemic happening. So when that happened, their sales shot up because they were the only ones prepared. So there was no downtime for them. It was just go time.
So their sales increased, you know, that increased revenue. They brought back the two different meats that they had on the menu that weren't there. Bro, it was fucking crazy. But it's their actual...
uh business model that made them worth that a lot of people started using their rewards program a lot more too and that's basically like a bank for them like everyone that buys cards and shit like that that's just free cash can you guys can you guys believe that mcdonald's passed up on that company like they used to own it and then they said fuck that jesus
Also, McDonald's had the opportunity to buy out Chipotle is what you're saying? They used to own it, I believe. And then they didn't agree because the people, the board members of Chipotle wanted to keep the integrity of the quality of ingredients. And McDonald's wanted to, you know, McDonald's it. Fuck, dude.
Bro, it's like McDonald's wanted to they used to have their milkshakes were Powdered it was powder mixed with water. That's what their milkshakes were before
GMOs taste fire, though. As someone who grew up on GMOs, GMOs hit. He said them GMOs hit different. You know what hits different that people shy away from? MSG. MSG hit different. If you add MSG to your food, it's so delicious. People don't shy away from it in the South. There's this place called...
Brothers there's this place called pals. It's in like Eastern Tennessee Hell yeah Linda It's just not shit
We're all just in here watching grass grow. Yeah. I'll probably be getting off here pretty soon. It feels like I'm trying to watch a tree grow. Fuck grass. We're watching a tree. 100 years later, grew an inch. Fuck, bro.
i mean it's kind of weird because it's like we haven't really shown necessarily what i would consider the desire to go much higher but i just i i can't get over well i don't know why like but that we're not over this like i'm just interested to see how this plays out because that's crazy like i've never seen that much of a difference like even like the spx one is like pretty crazy but the nas one is like bro i guess i actually got the same i'm just looking at it from a different perspective like that's insane
If anything, I would expect more up just because of how the news came out and manipulate all these shorts out. Yeah, there we go. There you go. It's breaking out. Maybe it has to go up there.
Shit, guys. I'm probably about to sign off, but yeah, it's a good stream today. I'm glad more people are in here talking. It's way better than me just going over stuff. It's like a little podcast, TA podcast. Yeah, it's fucking awesome listening to everybody. Hell yeah. Well, fuck, I appreciate everybody coming through.
I won't be doing anything on YouTube for this weekend. Tomorrow with Playbit, you guys know, we'll be doing the private class. And then on Monday, we'll be back doing the stream. So until then, you guys stay up. Don't get liquidated. Get outside. Touch some grass this weekend. Yep. Until then, I'll see you guys later. Peace.
