What I would want to see today is how this first 15-minute candle opens. I'll keep my stop up here just above this original thrust candle, the downside. I'm going to go ahead and take that for a light profit, a quick little scalp there, possibly re-enter if we get another good entry. Not bad for a 90-minute workday.
All right, so every day, you gotta start your day with at least two shots of espresso, got some electrolytes, and we are ready. Well, almost ready. But today, we've got Nvidia earnings. On top of that, I'm coming off a pretty big week last week. I haven't traded at all. Today's Wednesday. Last week, I made about 40K. So anytime I come off of a big week like that, I always wanna move a little bit slower.
be a little bit more patient when I'm looking for a trade because I know myself, typically, if I go on a nice streak like that, if I'm not careful, I'll go into the market a little headstrong. And even after nine years, guys, you're not going to be perfect. I never want to put off the image that I don't make mistakes or that I just win every day. I know myself. I know where my weak points are. And usually it's whenever I have a really good day, I'll come into the next day being a little bit overzealous, not necessarily on risk, but just on the trades that I'll take. So always make sure to be mindful of these things before your day.
have something that you know is your weak point just write it down stay mindful of it and whenever you come to that mental crossroads of making the right or wrong decision you'll probably do a lot better
All right. So to kind of go over today, we've got NVIDIA earnings after the markets. This is kind of what I think the market's been waiting on to get any kind of like real clarity. So I'm not going to be very overzealous today on trades. Not saying I won't trade, but I definitely want to see a little bit more in terms of confirmation and just make sure I'm taking a really, really clear trade. So when I see the profile, what I'm seeing, we have overall an imbalance profile.
but we've got some high volume nodes here kind of trading within this high volume node right here. You know, honest, I don't really see any kind of really clear good roadmap today. Only thing would be like if we started to slip below this low, I'll mark this, but I would almost be surprised to see that happen before Nvidia. What I would want to see today is how this first 15 minute candle opens because these levels are going to be a little more significant than the five minute. Now the five minute is a little bit more quick. You get more setups on it, but I like trading the five minute. Like for example, last week, the five minute absolutely crushed.
right just trading the break entry and that was because the markets were expanding really rapidly and a lot of times those moves you're getting right at the open they're gonna be pretty aggressive they're gonna be have some follow-through that's kind of like when that setup is gonna work the best but in a day like this where we're looking at the market and you know obviously it's a little indecisive because the reason Nvidia is so important all AI basically runs through Nvidia no matter what it is robotics AI anything like Nvidia has a hand in pretty much everything so they're definitely the most important financial report
for the AI world, right? Because if Nvidia starts to drift to the downside in terms of like earnings, that shows that other companies are decreasing spend in AI. One thing I want to be clear on as well is that even if we have like, let's say we have a bearish set of earnings, right? Well, it's more so the reaction to the earnings that I'm like, for example, like, let's say if we had bearish earnings today, and we had like a huge move down, just because we have a huge move down doesn't necessarily mean we're going to be bearish. A lot of times you'll have that and then it gets eaten up. So it's really like what happens after but reforming
this uh first 15 minute high still still got half the candle to go now another setup other than the one i was talking about you know if we were to get some kind of displacement under this is let's say if we do get some kind of like held momentum upwards we could get somewhat of a move up towards some of these sets of highs once you come to these areas i always look at it like okay well if we started to get a big big push to the downside maybe could catch some kind of scalp back down if it just depends on the overall intention i've hit into this last level now that where i'm watching for
is like how do we react here like let's say if we get some kind of sell-off here and then it gets rebounded that would be a long i'd want to take because now we've kind of cleared out so like for example like let's say if the market you know comes up you get some kind of move and then that down move starts to fake out and you get another leg up like that would be pretty bullish that would be the the long that i would be interested in what i like to see on like big moves like this is is again like second layer reactions like let's say if we have some kind of move down if we move under all this like then how do we react under that like do we start to get
or displacement if so i would say long if you start to just really like hold under there and you have some kind of opportunity possibly catch a short down back towards this consolidation but that's where my mind is at right now so just inching up on this low and this is where you'll get crushed if you're not careful because you have that big move and if you caught it that's why i always say if you catch a big move like that the best thing to do is just get off and just go
Get off the screens. But if you miss the big move, for a lot of you guys too, it's almost best to just get off the screens as well if you don't have patience. But this is kind of like where people would just like get crushed because they're like long, long, sell, sell. They just feel so much FOMO from missing out. They'll just start doing stuff. And that's when you kind of look back on the day like, damn, what was I doing? So it's a lot to wait for that. It's like a slow grind down. See if we can finally get something here. Just getting this ready. I'm not entering yet. I'm getting a risk profile of where we're at. We close a candle like this or even maintain this kind of.
way so much longer than i would i'll keep my stop up here just above this original thrust count on the downside keep an open tp this wouldn't even be the profit or take profit have it here but i want to watch this one closer to see if we can get continued move logic for it as we went over we had a really big move to start the day trade it up into these highs these highs and these highs really more so paying attention to this high
started to get a reversal overall there's a little bit of discretion just based on the range of the day just trying to catch some kind of mean reversion but i'll watch this one closely manage it actively if we don't get continued displacement down i wouldn't want to stay in it for long because again the momentum here is trying to trade anytime you have a very big like quick move like this with like literal no downside at all a lot of times that move if you get heavy moves into it and there's no buying
you'll be able to catch a pretty aggressive move through it. But yeah, let's see how this one unfolds. I'm going to bring up my stops to 850 actually and be really aggressive with this because I want to see a tight squeeze. And I'll also watch this for some kind of partial close or a close as we approach these levels if we don't get momentum down. One way you can do this as well, just how we're reacting to previous candles low is an aggressive way to do it. But just being like super, super on the ball with watching the aggression. Like I want to see continued, you want to see blood in a move like this. That's like, you don't want to see it like just...
mess around and dilly dally around too much i'm going to go ahead and take that for a light profit a quick little scout there possibly re-enter if we get another good entry but again like i was saying i don't want to watch this hang out for too long not to say that it's just like oh you know that's the mark the market's not going to continue but if i can get a quick little thousand bucks like that and then re-enter if needed i'm happy with that i'll watch this closely i'm actually going to re-enter here
Stops at 840 Just keeping round numbers and I'll watch this pretty closely as well Just keep an open TV really just watching more how reacting but I'll have this down here I'm actually gonna go ahead and move my stops to enter in this Move them a little bit and profit just to cover any fees I go ahead and bring up stops to this candle right here Approaching that first 15 minute range
i'm going to put a stop right here because i don't want to see a fair value gap not form so whenever we get in this mode i'm just really aggressive so like for example i asked myself like what do i not want to see here if we hit this while this candle is open then we didn't form a fair value gap i don't want to see that as we're hitting back into this range because this is where we will probably have some kind of rebound if if you start to see something like that i'm actually going to go ahead and take that trade so a quick 1300 there we're heading into areas where i look at it like we might have an issue
The whole idea of a trade is to catch like an imbalance, like just a complete what we just got, right? So understanding context is so important. This is what I talk about all the time. So for example, we have this big straight up only move. Look at it like you built a house on stilts here. We saw the hurricane coming. If a hurricane comes and a house is on stilts and it's not falling over, well, maybe it's not a fucking hurricane. Maybe you're overestimating and exaggerating the storm and everything's actually fine. You know, on that note, guys, I'm going to call it. I'm not going to keep swinging the bat.
I like what I got there. So yeah, a little unorthodox day, but as you can see, it's fine if you be patient. Like, you know, for example, like, yeah, I didn't catch this move. I didn't catch that move, whatever. But I caught some money today. I'm happy with that. Not bad for a 90-minute workday.
All right, so we just ended the day little 3k I mean nothing crazy But one thing that I want you guys to take away from that session is that you always are gonna have another move guys It's not like every move that you see is the only move and you have to take it. So we already went through that now I'm going to hop off the markets I'm gonna go and talk to some of my team members at my businesses to make sure they're all set and then we're gonna go to the gym
The truck likes it here.
Got done with work that took honestly way longer than I thought was going to. Gonna smash a kettlebell workout and then after that probably get some good food and get ready to go out to the mountains and chill because this whole live event has been an absolute madness. It's been a lot of work to put it together, but it was worth it. It was definitely more than worth it. I was excited to kind of escape for a bit and take you guys with me. I don't know if you guys will be able to hear it, but I got the Armytrix Valptronics so you can hear once in. We'll get in a straight line.
The new exhaust sounds crazy. We'll have to get some other shots of it, especially at night, because the flames shoot out on it.
Bro, it's honestly kind of extra. Like, I can stop it by shifting, of course, but the backfire on this tune is wild. I got the M Engineering tune. They only do, like, McLaren, Lambo, and I want to say Porsche or Ferrari, I can't remember. But, yeah, the tune added, like, 200 to the wheels. This shit's pretty mean now. That's why I don't let people drive this one unless they've actually driven fast cars. It's a fun fact, the McLaren is actually the most...
wrecked supercar because a lot of these guys who get these cars they didn't grow up driving fast cars and the mcclaren like i mean i see why because
It can get away from you pretty easy, especially if you go throw a tune like this on it. Because really, like, the Lambos and shit, those are pretty easy to drive. Like, they're so heavy, especially the SVJs. They're not really, like, difficult to drive like that. But the McLaren's just so light. Once you start tuning it, it'll just get away from you. Are you going to hit the kettlebell workout with me, bro? I'll try it, yeah. Yeah, it's pretty fucking savage. Honestly, kettlebells make you feel, like, ten times better than doing regular weight shit.
Bro, what are you doing? Bro, you're going to hit that mobility, dog. You hit these pedal belts, man. You got to get the neck circles, do some arm circles. We're going to do some lizard stretches, bro. What do you know about the lizard stretch? Nothing. All right. So, this is going to be our workout for today. Five swings each hand. Five squats each hand. Ten double hand swings.
five presses each hand, and then push-ups for failure. So we're going to try to get this as many times as we can in 35 minutes. I want to get a goal of at least eight to see if we can do it. So fast, mildly sleep-in-proved and dehydrated, but it's okay.
All right.
So you have three minutes to spare. We got eight in. I'm telling you guys, if you haven't hit kettlebells, don't sleep. It's gonna get you way stronger, way faster.
As you can see, it's a pretty boring day in life, right? Wake up, have a nice little routine, nothing crazy, no four-hour morning routine, just electrolytes and coffee. Get to work, make some money, do a little more work, work out. Today, though, we're going to actually go on a nice little escape so I can go do more work while I am at an Airbnb. No, but I think that, I mean, I know that a lot of people really think that they just want to...
do nothing like you want to make a lot of money so you can have freedom but freedom to do what for me it's freedom to do more stuff that i like doing which is you know i guess you could call it work but it's really not work though i prefer to do this for like a month straight and then take like a full four to seven day excursion where i do absolutely no work i don't like just having like every day nothing to do like i could pretty much just take all the money i have put it into some income generating stock or asset or etf like i could
Just go throw it all in Jempy. It's like, then what? You know, maybe whenever I'm like 40 or something, I don't know, just travel the world. But even then, I feel like whenever you retire, it's kind of just like that's when you start dying in a way. Like that's when your God-given energy starts to just dwindle away. So, yeah. Oh, man.
That's all I'm gonna say. Now, gonna hit that first meal of the day after the fasted workout. I don't really have like a crazy nutrition tracking thing. I just make sure that I get six eggs a day and one pound of meat and two servings of fruit. And I try not to eat many grains. It's not like I'm like not gonna eat anything. Like for example, Anna, my beautiful loving fiance makes these fucking delicious muffins that are made out of almond flour and chocolate.
but it's like they're like homemade. She like literally home makes everything. I'm gonna eat those, you know. I'm not that crazy. If you're doing this kind of workout fast and I'm hitting these like six days a week, you could pretty much eat what you want. I'm still trying to cut a little bit, but I went through a cycle of like really doing like a heavy deficit and just hit a plateau. So 150 grams turkey with some carrot and onion mix and some zucchini. But like right now I'm gonna eat, we're gonna both split six eggs. We'll get three eggs, fruit and ground turkey. Pretty simple stuff, guys.
Bon appetit. I hate whenever I fuck my orientation on my plate up, I'm like really particular. That's how I know I got a touch of the, you know. Drop a puzzle piece if you know what I'm talking about down in the chat.
Doing this thing like right before bed is the best. Like you literally will sleep like a baby. And it's not like a normal sauna where it's the infrared. It heats you internally to externally. So like, yeah, it's only like 167, but it sneaks up on you. You feel way hotter in a sauna, like starting out. But then after you've been in here for like 20 to 30 minutes, dude.
Like I was telling you, Noah and Anna literally both had near-fainting experiences because they weren't hydrated. If you hit this, you almost got to hit the cold punch after because you'll be so relaxed and just so ready to go to sleep, dude. It's crazy. And even where I have the eight sleep, so I track my sleep. The level of deep sleep, I would go from getting 15% to 20% to almost 30% of my sleep was deep sleep, which is a huge difference. So we've been in here for 21 minutes.
Because the timer was at 20 minutes and now I just set it to 45. Probably stay in here for like 5 to 10 and then hit the cold plunge. Let's do this thing. If you don't dunk your head or keep your hands in when you cold plunge, you're a bitch.
I always leave the timer on and I'll be like sitting there trying to like meditate and I'm like, all right, it's been two minutes and every time I look at it, the timer's just been going off because I don't have my volume up. Dude, I remember when I first started doing this, I got stubborn because I did it at a jujitsu gym and everybody there...
I had done it a bunch and I did it a couple times and they all acted like it was like super hard. And I was like, what's the longest anybody's ever done it for? And they said seven minutes. And it was like my maybe 10th time doing it. Like I'd been going like every day and doing it. And I did it for 10 minutes and I was like, yeah, yeah. And then dude, I was literally like jackhammering. Like you ever heard David Goggins talk about that shit where he's like, they're out there doing the SEAL training. You're like shivering so hard. I literally had that happen on the way home and I was like.
You're so stupid. Like, ignorantly competitive. Gotta die of hypothermia to win a competition. Damn.
I'm talking about the Airbnb in case you're wondering why we aren't in the mountains because it got too late and quite honestly I just don't feel like driving up there and I was gonna have Anna drive a G-Wagon and me drive the McLaren but these roads are like pretty crazy and it's dark like it's like certain death if you fall off these roads so I was like okay let's just wait till tomorrow I've been working literally since we had the last cut in the vlog
which has been a lot with this new app. Like I launched the AI app. Some of you guys may have seen it. We'll go into it a little bit probably later in this video, but it's been a lot of work, just continuously updating. The fast paced energy of like starting up tech is really fun because you can iterate it so fast. You launch it, people give you ideas. And I know that if I was a customer of something and I gave up a suggestion and then it's like,
it actually gets done the same day. Like, how cool would that be, right? So, and it's really not hard to do that kind of stuff, too. So, we've been doing that all day, basically just going back with the dev team, going back and forth with all my traders. Probably clock out of work after this. I literally know I'm lying when I say that. I'll probably get a little more work done, then maybe smoke a cigar, and we're going to go to the mountains tomorrow. I have to message the Airbnb person and tell them why I'm not showing up to the mansion that I booked. It was like the yacht. Remember when we were in the yacht? Yeah. And I was just like, you can just turn around. They were like,
What do you mean? I'm hungry and we don't have a shot. We can just go home. They're like, you have four more hours. I was like, what good is four hours if I'm like hungry and not having fun? We are going to go hop in the McLaren for a night ride and make use of the night since we are not going to the mountains. You know, honestly, it's kind of funny. I stay so busy, locked in that I barely drive this car. I mean, I drive it to the gym and stuff, but there's just something about going out on a night ride. You literally can't beat that.
What a way to start off the day. There's just something about quiet other than birds chirping and fog. Automatically, you're just in a better mood when you come out here. Just enjoy a little coffee. Just kind of sit there with your thoughts. This is my morning routine. It's not like a four hour sprint. Just get some caffeine, get to work.
All right, so we are finally making it up to the mountains. Just a day late, but hit a pretty good tray today. As you can see, I've literally already delayed this a full day. So yeah, we're gonna take a pretty nice drive up through Townsend, and this is completely beautiful. I actually haven't got to take my McLaren up here, so I'm really excited for that. And it's pretty foggy, so we're gonna get some pretty sick shots.
This combo goes crazy. Having our pull up in this, the G-Wagon when it's rolling is probably like one of the hardest cars, especially this color. This is a business vehicle. I gotta use a business car. Did you do 100% on this or what like percentage did you? Yeah, the big beautiful bill. I literally got it right after that. So I got to depreciate all of it. The thing is too, a lot of people don't realize if you sell it, and another thing people do is they get these and then don't use them for business. I have my personal car. Like that, the McLaren is my personal vehicle. That's what I use for personal. This is all for business. But like a lot of people just get.
only a business car and they're like, yeah, 100% of my miles are for business. It's like, it's not how it works.
Made it alive. Wasn't that bad? You happy for the ride to be over?
I know, that's what I was telling you. That's why I didn't want to come last night. I was like picturing you in the GWAC at a night. I was like, she is going to be so stressed. Yeah. Gotta stay locked in. We got the kettlebell and then the essentials.
If any of you guys are watching and know about Mellow Mushroom, leave a comment down below. But every time that I take people there, literally like a month ago, I was down here and we went to Mellow Mushroom and I took somebody that was from Jersey. And you know how like New York people and this pizza sucks. Like this is not like New York pizza. But he actually was praising it and he verified it. He said it was valid. That's the one that you stepped in as poop, dude. Yeah. Fuck him, bro.
A bunch of people, I still say this sometimes, I have to catch myself, my dad says bear. And that's his plural version of the word. Like a bunch of people that are for me still say, like, there's a lot of bear out there. And it's kind of like this thing where it gets said so often, you almost don't realize that that's not the right way to say it. He's a funny man.
My dad is a character. He was in the last vlog. You saw, yeah, we had to cut some shit out. He was talking about crazy shit. We left some of it in, though. I was wondering, I was like, you know, your parents on a vlog is like, how are they gonna, he didn't give a shit. He was just still going. He was like, oh yeah, you got a camera? Cool. Just like telling the story. He's probably watching this right now. He watches all my stuff. Like, he's super supportive of it. My Nana is like Jesse's biggest fan. She's like, he's a movie star.
You should be an actor. She's the sweetest woman ever. She's honestly, she's, like, so cool, too. Like, I've had so many, like, deep conversations with her about, like, books that I've read. She's smart. Like, yeah, she's super smart. She'll be like, oh, you need to read How to Win Friends and Influence People and, like, all these books that, like, you see these typical, like, gurus talking about. But she's, like, read them, like, a long time ago. She's fun, too. She'll be, like, out in the casino. She wants a drink. She likes to gamble. She's going. She's cool. Car bloating.
So what do you got to work on today? Not a ton, just a couple meetings with my development team. We're trying to integrate some different ways to take the most profitable traders data and find the patterns in that and then translate that so we can replicate that in other traders. Essentially, we're able to access all this data and then find any kind of correlations, inverse correlations with.
whether it's market moves, whether it's just their own trading, or even with other traders. It's actually really interesting because we've got some quants on deck that have pretty much opened up my eyes to the way that data in the markets can even be used. A lot of people don't understand that there are two different types of ways to leverage data. You can do quantitative or qualitative. The possibilities are pretty much endless. So to not get into some nerd stuff and bore you guys, overall, I am working on making this tool even better than it already is.
all right so now we're about to go to this restaurant that anna picked which is gonna be fire because every restaurant she picks is always good and i'm looking forward to getting something a little more healthy than last night because dude eating healthy all the time and then eating pizza like that bro i've literally felt like i drank alcohol last night i woke up at like five in the morning was chugging water i was so dehydrated i don't know if it's just a skill issue but dude whenever you don't eat like that and then you do that shit fucks you up
There are some places that have good venison, but anytime I eat it, and it's, I don't know, I just think of when I was a kid, because he would literally go and hunt and have, like, so much venison in his freezer, it would last, like, eternally. He literally would kill, like, four or five deer, and just, like, he actually, like, ate it all. Some Tennessee shit right there. We hunt for our food up in Tennessee, if you've never been here. Have you ever been hunting before? Yeah, I went hunting one time. Actually, more than one time.
The accent came out when you said that one. When I was a boy my dad took me hunting when I was like seven or eight something and I had like a shotgun kind of crazy thing about like a kid with a shotgun.
It was after I started trading originally, and it kind of blew up. The reason I started doing it was because I was in this group, and I would basically just live stream to everybody and use YouTube as the platform to do it on. And then it started kind of just blowing up, and then before you knew it, I had like 20,000 subscribers, and I actually started making videos, and it took off pretty crazy. So it just kind of just happened, man. Yeah, yeah, it's really... Yeah, thank you, man. Thank you for sharing, brother. I appreciate it. Yeah, for sure. Thank you. Yeah, whenever the camera, people always ask, like, what do you do and stuff.
I feel like now the trading niche has gotten more popular. He just, he's like, that's a hot niche. Like before it was like, if you said you're a trader, people are just like, oh, okay, this guy. Yeah. It's either like you're a gambler, scammer, or you're like a suit on Wall Street. Like it's one of the two. Or all. Yeah. About to go home and film some content for you guys, even though I'm nearly comatose from this suit. But we got work to do.
So out here in the mountains, you gotta actually lock up the trash because there's bears everywhere. Hopefully that shot of the bear will come through on the camera. We don't know if it will. The FX3 is good for the dark, but we'll see how good it really is.
yeah it's crazy just drive around like every time i come up here i see at least one last time we were at this gas station in the middle of town like not downtown but right outside of it and my buddy was in the store we were across the street because there was no parking and i shit you not he's just standing there and this guy didn't believe me there was bears everywhere up here and he was on his phone and dude a bear literally like walked by him he didn't even notice it and still he didn't believe the rest we were like bro bro he was like shut up there wasn't a bear i was like dude i swear but they're pretty used to people like
They're black bears, so they're not mean. It's not like a brown bear. And where they're so used to people, they don't actually do anything. All right, so we are wrapping things up here. And I got to say, I'm ready to get home, get to my bed, my routine.
healthy food but it's been fun it's been a lot of a lot of fun kind of escaping it was a crazy couple of weeks building up to that live event building this ai tool it's good to get back into the flow of things i'm big on taking a little bit of a break and escaping but quickly getting right back into it because that's the best way to renew any kind of motivation like as soon as you get burnt out and you just take a full break it almost reminds you how much you actually love the grind so anytime you're feeling burnt out just go escape for a couple days maybe it's somewhere close by just change up the routine change the scenery but then always get back to the grind
