What's up? What's up? Let me share my screen. That would probably help. I like this imbalance for cells if we get there. Yes.
I traded this morning. Some of you guys in the Discord already know, but I did pretty crazy on this US-30 short or long. I did a turtle suit model. I've been testing with SMT, so I'll give you a little bit of the sauce. I probably won't give it all out on here, but basically on the stream, I should say. Let me move this over a little bit. I did it on my phone.
Forgive me for the sloppy charting, but it was done on my cell phone from bed. So basically the idea is when you have SMT inside of a POI, so we had this a four hour, or no, it was a one hour order block, I think. Yeah, this little one hour order block right here. Price tapped it, we got one tap, and then we got our SMT divergence. So if you look right here, we had this.
making a lower low, which is the Dow. And at that time in the morning, we had not made a lower low on ES and NQ. So when we see that occur, that's SMT divergence, it's likely that the lower low is just a run on stops and we will see some form of reversal. Also, that becomes a little more, what is this?
Sorry, I was getting a notification from my Norton. I thought it was something that was saying a file was safe. But anyways, the idea is just to use a turtle suit model. I'm testing a 20-point stop loss in the DAB, which as any of you guys who've traded it, I know that's pretty tight. I'm using the one minute. So once we get that liquidity engineered before the market opens, we look for that RAID and just take the buys on the RAID and literally...
directly by those stops and just target the next liquidity and i picked these highs because they were relatively equal and i just went with a lower one because i looked at that as a lower resistance run on liquidity and it did get ran so insane i didn't take a bit of profits to the end i mean you can see it was only in the trade for four minutes so i'm not gonna be trading anymore today or this week probably after that because i hit 6r on the funded so um i'm gonna basically watch and still probably you know i might
try some stuff and take it on a personal, because I loaded up a personal account. I have a personal Binance and then a little personal Metatrader, but I might take something on there, but nothing on one of the funded. So I like this POI right here. I think that we're going to see a bearish continuation throughout the afternoon. If you look, this breaker block on the five-minute matches up with it perfectly. So we could even just extend this.
for that. So what I would like to see is bearish structure forming within this range. So if we can get up in there and rate liquidity and start to show signs that we want to move down, that would be ideal. I'm going to go ahead and delete this bearish weekly order block because I know we're in it. I'm getting frustrated with it on my screen. I've been messing around with some new charting styles, so to speak, lately. And I don't know, I got these random
urges to like change the aesthetic of my stuff. The stream's actually about to change for the better. I got a new streaming client that I haven't, I was going to try to use it today, but I haven't played around with it enough. I didn't want to mess it up, but it's really super dope. It'll actually be able to put your guys, I don't know if we'll have enough screen room since, you know, the charting, we want as much screen room as possible. It's a gaming platform, Streamlabs.
It has a lot of cool shit. I can put it in where you guys can see your chat in an area in the corner. I can have a background around the stream. Stuff like that. And make it interactive in certain ways. I haven't figured it out, but it looks pretty dope. I think you were messaging me on Twitter about that, Jack.
yeah it was awesome that was fucking beautiful trade i was like fucking hype i literally my uh my girlfriend hadn't left the house yet for work i thought she had um she works like she's in marketing and she she leaves pretty early usually but i i i got up way earlier and i was in my office and i was like fuck yes she was like what happened i was like oh you're still here it was funny as shit
But it was such a good feeling because we're about to go on vacation. And I was like, oh, that just paid for vacation. Three minutes or four minute trade.
So I'm going to probably start sharing that in the Discord, those models more often. Just because I've been tested. That was the first live trade I took. Because the last trade that I just paper traded with that style, it went like 8R. And I was like, all right, you're taking the next one, bro. And I only risk 0.5% of the account. But I was like, okay.
So I think we have a very clear draw on liquidity right now, which is this sell side liquidity from a four hour time frame. If you look, we could say this was the sell side. A lot of people would look at that. I like this low and really even lower if the market doesn't start to share some bullish order flow. Now we do have these equal highs, but we know that if market makers are trying to pair orders later on, we might see that preserved. So for instance, we're still to remain bullish, which I think we are.
i mean i talked about this order block last week i was definitely early on calling a retracement to it we would definitely form another swing high up here equal highs yes but that could get preserved once price comes down into this area and then if we start to see bullish order flow there we then make the move on those highs and there'll be a lot of short interest built up you know all through here a lot of stop losses also got this
Volume imbalance mixed with, I guess. I don't know if these, I know ICP, I don't think he teaches them like that, but I look at imbalances with another areas. DOIs, you know, because we have an order block right here and then it's volume imbalance. We see the order flow, you know, from back in August was bearish at that Jackson Hole, I think was right here. Massive push down. CPI trading right into that daily order block. Massive push down. So this is really...
a high value area in my opinion you know this whole those that candle and above so if we look up above let me just mark out this order block on um and the wick on the daily and go to a four hour if we look right here we have this
I guess really you don't have to refine it that much. I mean, if you really wanted to get into, you could say that this last little buy to sell range, you can continuously refine it. But one thing I do see in the four hour is that we have this that never really got, did this get tapped into? Yeah, this never really got tapped into. And this is the candle I would view as the order block, the largest volume candle in terms of the size from the open to the close.
So you never know. I mean, I think that we have a lot of stuff that needs to get taken out higher on ES. So even if we start to retrace here, I think it will just be a push down to incite a lot of shorts. And that's even if we make it this far. When I look at this range, right, I see a ton of liquidity built up on both sides. So, you know, we're talking about range deviation. If we have our liquidity here.
And price decides to go down here. Now, the only way that I would want to long this is with bullish structure. But if you look, we have a fair value gap right there. A massive fair value gap below that. But I wouldn't really worry about the breakaway gap. I'd be watching this one. So the main game plan I would like to see is deviation under the range. Now, if we're to get buys, I want to see sharp reaction in this imbalance.
If I don't get that there, I'll look for that daily order block. I'm not really paying attention to the beginning of this fair value gap. So let me just ask, do I think the gaps will fill on SPX? Look at SPX since you're asking. I mean, I could definitely see it if this is what you're talking about.
And then more upside. What's weird too, I noticed this. I think Spy and everything else took the high in this little range. Yeah, it did. Did the regular ES take it? No, it didn't. A lot of people disagree, but I think that ES has much more weight than Spy has. That's just my opinion, just because the larger funds are trading it. Spy has a lot of money. I'm not saying it's some Joe's blow shit.
As far as like liquidity in terms of, you know, stop losses for swing trades and all this, I think that we're more so should be focused on ES and not even just ESZ because that has the highest open interest. And that will change. I think it ends on the 16th of December. Yeah, 16th.
But yeah, I think the overall draw is going to be this low. We're kind of forming these equal lows here. It looks like that five minute imbalance is also a one hour or five minute break or five minute imbalance is also a one hour order block. So I would look for entry models to, I wouldn't just short from this, but you could look for maybe an entry model on the lower timeframes, look to get short and then move down into that low. I don't know why it's not showing on this. Hold on.
What are my settings for this? I just hit low time frame, didn't I? Okay, I guess I didn't. I was like, what the hell? Let's take a look at Euro.
So Euro, I had this marked up. I'm not going to really mess with this until it gets up above here. Personally, I could regret that, but I see a lot of liquidity built up above these highs. I think that has a high probability to get swept and price move into this imbalance or just into a premium of this range. Now, if price does return up to where I want it, then I will probably look to getting some shorts targeting this low down here. And the reason for that...
is we have this bullish expansion right here. So this is really our impulse range. We can draw it over here to the side, just so you can see. Now we have this imbalance and a daily order block just under, the imbalance is not, but the order block is just under discount prices. So this is low hanging fruit, in my opinion, and we already ran the high up here. So if I'm looking to play a liquidity raid,
I want to see if I'm looking at a daily, we have a high taken, especially trading into a weekly POI. I want to go down to a one hour and see what the structure is telling me and see if I can get displacement. And I think that we can probably all agree that that's displacement. And we even got a closure under it, which is nice because this wide range we had, you don't always get a closure, which kind of makes me a little hesitant sometimes, but we got the closure. So now I'm looking for price to return to a premium.
And at that point, I would look for the structure on probably five minutes is what I'd be watching to go bearish and then look to just get short whatever model you guys use. So that's my EU plan right now. I think it's pretty solid. The price action this week is pretty clean. Let me look at some of these questions. Bitcoin, yeah, I got you guys in a second.
Why is your name? Relax exclamation point. I thought that's what you said. I was like, what's your name? Oh, you said just hit me up if you have some questions. Oh, so you streamed. Hell yeah, Jack. I probably will hit you up on that because Streamlabs, it seems pretty dope, like super cool. So that's like a Bitcoin. Let me go on a chart. We, I don't have TA on.
We talked about this a while ago. I told you guys to watch. Or did I tell you guys? I might have told you guys. No, no, no. I told you after this. I don't want to take credit for something I didn't do. In the Discord, we were waiting for this. Let's just say that. So with Bitcoin where it's at.
We took the low and we immediately took a high, which I like that. We're in this fair value gap here. It's just so counterintuitive with what I think for stocks, but that's kind of the way you got to just watch what you're watching at some points. Now, the five minutes is not really showing any displacement out of this zone yet. So if I were looking to continue a bullish narrative, I would want to see bullish order flow, which we're not seeing here. We're seeing the lower highs and lower lows. Well, really not a lower low yet, but...
Right there, those two are. So I would want to see us get above these highs with displacement and stay there. And it's not happening yet as far as if I wanted to see a reverse on this fair value gap. As we also have an order block up here on a four hour, this whole buy to sell range that we could reverse off of.
I think that if we reverse off this, which is what it's looking like as of now. So we look there, we can look at the four hour, the whole little buy to sell range starting with up candles. And if we use a 15 minute, we definitely got some displacement coming down out of that range. So that we traded back into, it looks like an order block. I mean, not an order block, a fair value gap. Maybe not. I guess the breaker is really what.
Yeah, breaker is what we traded into. Price is then showing the desire. If we hop on a one minute after we traded and swept liquidity into the breaker, I traded into it, swept liquidity, displacement down, and we come back up, trade back into this order bog. Now, bearish order flow, as far as right now, like intraday is in place, but...
It doesn't necessarily have to stay that way, so to speak. That embarrassed order flow could be just pushing us down to mitigate. So I see two scenarios, and I'm not trying to be that guy who gives a bunch of open-ended stuff. We've already have our Bitcoin plan in action. That's what I'll say in the Discord. I just don't want to give it out, Oliver, because we have the Discord for that.
The order flow I see on the one hour right here, we're trading into this area, so it's normal to get some reaction there. What I really want to see, if we get push away from here, I'd like to see maybe a sweep of this low or a sweep of this low. And then kind of reassess. Now, if we start to see bullish order flow here, which we definitely could, we have this fair value gap, and then we could look at this as a shifted structure.
So it's a pivotal moment. Bears, you want to see more displays of downside. Bulls, you need to see a five-minute break of structure to the upside here. So our plan hasn't shifted in the Discord. Now, I think overall we're looking pretty bullish. But the problem is with stocks, even if we move through this range and take out lows, I still think this is going to be an accumulation range. But a lot of stuff with crypto depends on stocks.
your price action kind of manipulated or smacked around a little bit if you're not in agreement with the stock market. As far as internet stuff, you know, the main narrative is the narrative, but also got another pretty fat breaker right here.
And you see how we traded like right through it. We came into it and then traded right through. We haven't even tapped back up into it. Same deal for NASDAQ as ES, that breaker. Now, that could be a problem actually for that. I'm glad I just peeped this. So if you look, NASDAQ's taken out these lows. Might as well just move this SMT here. So on the daily, we add some SMT divergence there on the NASDAQ into a fair value gap, also into a breaker on a daily chart.
So that could pose a problem for bears. If you look at that, I mean, look, that's pretty, depending on which low you use, I would probably use this one to be a little more aggressive. But either way, if you use that or that, they're definitely still SMT. Let's see what, you know, it would need more to run along that. You know, I would need a 15-minute change of character, which you could definitely get maybe some cells and then get that change of character you want to see there.
Be mindful of that SMT divergence, for sure, because that could pose a problem for bears. Is it on the Dow? I don't think so. Yeah, no, definitely not, of course. I don't know what I was even looking at this for. I just think you still have a lot to get over for this to be bullish, though, even if you have the SMT. Personally, I want to see more displacement coming out. I don't even see a fair value gap anywhere. So I could see maybe a...
a little bit of a move up into this and move down if i was watching which one to trade i'd probably
I don't know. I mean, I like NQ because your invalidation point is closer to your trade zone. So breakers, the one thing that the only thing I don't like about them is whenever they're really far from like the structural points. Like for instance, you know, really to me under this high, you know, this, this chart, this timeframe is bearish until we make a new low. So like if we did this and all the way up, even if you went above that breaker and came all the way up to here and then, you know, move down, you'd, you know.
that would still be the same structure i'm looking for and that could invalidate a trade down in that breaker i like the ones that are closer to the structural invalidation points um what makes you the lines on the candles i'm not sure how to end i mean i'm using the trend line tool on trading view trading view is like a charting software that i'm using um and i'm holding the control button so i can anchor it and then i hold shift with a trend line so i can draw the lines real straight
GVP JPY. Take a peek.
So I was looking at this originally. It's a potential market maker model on the four hour. I'm glad you brought this up. Now, I wanted to move. I did this one. I guess it just didn't save. I moved that and I was focused on this as the original consolidation. But the problem was here we'd already taken that liquidity. No, no, I remember this. I'm just having to refresh my memory because I'm not trading this. I was just charting it. So we have this down here. It's kind of sloppy.
As far as that, but I'm going to go ahead and I'm just going to hide all this tier. I'll just delete it. Oops. So we came off this low. And so it was only right we went for the buy side, which we did. We took these relatively equal highs. All this liquidity got swept. And then we saw spikes on the downside here. So the daily order flow seems kind of bearish to me is after we took that high, we swept it up. So then we have this order block right here on a daily.
You could go ahead and go back in and refine that down. I would look at this really this whole range So I traded up into it and then
Got that shift. I would really look at this as the shift, not that, because that, like this to me, I mean, personally, it looks like it worked, but that's not displacement. So I would have missed out there. You know, maybe on the lower timeframe, this might be another market maker model. That would have been the second leg of this. No, not that. I mean, it could be, but I don't really want to look at it in that perspective. So we got that shift. Price traded back into this fair value gap.
but not really like how I would have wanted it to in the sense that it didn't go to a premium, but I mean, it doesn't really have to, I guess. And I guess, sorry, excuse me. I don't know if I would have looked at it as a breaker. I don't like hindsight, like pinpointing everything perfectly, but it looks like there was some kind of breaker that it reacted off of too. So overall, there's going to be a lot of liquidity resting above that. And you might not get back above it, but where I see like a high probability,
It's really this whole range right here. There's a lot of liquidity resting above these highs. And then there's this, this is probably going to be an order block on a one hour. Yeah, it is exactly. God, I love whenever you can just see price. That's a good example of price is fractal. Once you understand what ranges matter, you go to another timeframe and it's literally the entire order block.
That zone right there is what I would be watching. And then this high is like the overall liquidity. I'm not going to say it's a draw because I wouldn't be surprised if it doesn't make it up there. But that's where I would want to see price make it up there for me to get active like any sales. But I wouldn't really mess around with a bunch of longs here. I mean, I could be wrong. There's these liquidity built over these highs too.
But I think as of right now, the order flow is bearish. So I would be looking for lower lows. And really in the context of that daily timeframe, we took out that daily buy side. So it's like, I would say this is the overall draw down here. It's at 163, almost big figure, 163.04. And also when we look at this daily range we've created.
That's not even in a discount. And I think price has shown the desire here that it wants to go lower to discount pricing, maybe down to this order block. But again, you don't need to trade all the way down there or down to these equal lows that it's got or this imbalance. I see a lot of reason to go down on a daily timeframe and not a whole lot of reason to go up. So I would be just framing trades around the idea of trying to get to this low, however you want to do that.
But I like that POI right there. And this imbalance because it's a full fill on the one hour as well. Really, you could watch anywhere above this. And I would watch a five minute. I wouldn't really try to use a one minute on GJ. In this context, at least. Nothing wrong with using a one minute on GJ, but not for the one hour high. DXY. Yeah, I talked about it this morning in the... You guys can see I was changing my...
But I talked about this in the Discord a little bit. Not really much. I said it looked like it wanted to pump this morning, which it did. And we talked about this range yesterday. And so we wanted to see it come back down to a discount, which it did not. So, you know, take it a grain of salt. Actually, no, it came to the imbalance that was at a discount. Just the price didn't tap the discount pricing.
So I'm pretty clear where we're going for when we've already taken the highs actually.
You know, really with DXY on a daily timeframe, I think we have some room to move up, which would also align with my TA for indices because we took this low. I know it doesn't look like it, but we did. And that aggressive reaction off that low and immediately breaking structure in the one hour, that leads me to believe that we're going to see upside and DXY wants to move to higher prices inside this range. So if we look.
What do we have that's sitting right at equilibrium? This massive daily imbalance. We've got an order block just in premium. So I think that this is the part where DXY wants to move up. Why does it keep doing that? I'll just move it over here because I don't like having it all over my chart, but I think that DXY is going to move up, which that goes along with my analysis for Euro. It goes along with my analysis for Aussie dollar. It goes along with my analysis for stocks.
Yeah, it's kind of just where I'm at with that GU. Oops, clicked on that stat. So GU, we're in a lot of weekly POIs. We're in a bearish weekly fair value gap and a weekly order box. So automatically have context to go down. The daily hasn't seen a shift of structure yet. We did take out this high. And after we took out that high, what do we see? Nice three drive.
But then not really the cleanest. This is dog shit price action, if you ask me. It is Friday, but I don't like that. So then I'm going to pay attention to this. And then if we draw a fib on that range, because I want to see where we're at in our dealing range, which to me, that's the dealing range, came up into this order block and actually tapped the body, which is interesting. Not really a fair value gap there either. Maybe there wasn't a 15 minute.
I don't know. I'm not a fan of this price action, to be honest. I think Hero's a lot cleaner. But yeah, this is not, in my opinion, this is not great price action. It's just like kind of bouncing around, just real blocky, not much. And this was a clear displacement, but five minute looks a little cleaner. Like, what is this? This is crazy.
Five minutes clean. I mean, just the one hour. I don't really like. Took out these, oops, wrong. Took out those highs into the fair value gap. Five minutes is actually super clean, so take it back. But overall, I think draw is going to be these lows down here.
However you want to try to get to that. Once you establish, you see how I look at the daily, I say, where are we at there? I look at the one hour, and then I establish what kind of dealing range we're in. Is the order flow bearish? Is it operating in context of the higher timeframes? If yes, then you have high probability conditions. Then you want to see displacement once you get to your POIs on the lower timeframes, which we see here. I think it's pretty clear that the order flow is bearish.
and then price travels up here into, I will say though, it's not the cleanest after, I like this bit right here, coming into 8 a.m. You got this fair value gap, price went a little higher, but overall it's moving down. This isn't personally something that I would be trading right now, just because I don't really like, like this morning, I like that, but I try not to trade until 8.30.
And also this order block up here never got tapped. It's kind of just sloppy in my opinion. But overall, I think the low is here. But when I see something like this, I don't want to trade it. At least until it kind of gets a little bit cleaner. Kind of look at oil, sure. Let me look at a different chart.
We're in a bullish order where we talked about this, I think yesterday. Bullish order block, high resistance run on liquidity. Looks like some upside. Very simple to me. I mean, this, you can look at a daily chart, in my opinion, and it's upside. I could be wrong. Watch I say that, and then OPEC will come out. Something crazy. But we have this weekly imbalance right here, the monthly level as well.
daily has taken liquidity then we have a high resistance run on liquidity you can see i drew this um yeah i mean this looks good overall you know ideally you would want to get you could look at all of this down movement as an order block so
So I'm always showing the energetic move I would like out of this. You might make another lower low because I like to trade sweeps. Like if I'm going to trade an order block, I want to see price hit the order block and then sweep into it on the lower timeframes. Like I like to see like this. I don't want to see just like a V-shape reaction right off of it. And that does happen sometimes. And, you know, it just, I won't usually want to trade it.
I see the shift in structure here, but this is more intuitive. I think it'll probably make a low. I could be wrong. I think it'll probably come down and take the low out. If it's going to react in this zone, you'd want to see the five-minute go bullish. Now, if the five-minute went bullish here, I mean, you could long this if you wanted all the way up here, and that'd be a little bit more aggro, but this is where the liquidity more localized is. Also, you have all these equal highs.
Oh, yeah. Sardar said, hit that like button. Thanks for reminding me. I never ask people to do that. I'm just such a bad streamer. I mean, not literally, but like bad at like being the YouTube guy. Smash that fucking subscribe button, bro. I just can't. I will ask you to like it, though. Can I explain breakers? It would take me a long time to like really, really explain them. I'll give you a quick rundown. Basically, you just want to look for...
Go back to indices. So basically, whenever we're talking about breaker blocks, you want to see a failed. This is just me dumbing it down. It gets more complicated, but you want to see a failed order block, so to speak. So we would look at this, you know, as an order block if we're bullish, but you want to make sure that it took stops. So if we look, we took stops, took stops here. So that breaker block pushed up and was just a run on stops. And then we trade them down through it.
So there's going to be mitigation that happens. So we hope, if you're right, that whenever price moves up into the zone. And the way you can confirm that is just how you confirm any fair value gap, order block, whatever. It's another tool of the trade.
Bearish for risk on next month, it seems, said Sadar. Possibly, I wouldn't say the month. I'd say maybe like a week or so or even less sometime. I mean, I think we'll be bullish into the end of the year. I could be wrong, but a lot of these recoveries with Dexie and the stock market and everything and these retrace weeks happen. They take forever to start, but once they start, they're very sharp and quick. LM asked for link TA.
Let's delete all this. Got stopped on a link long, I think last week. Yeah, it was last week. You know, I feel like these lows are gonna get taken.
Could be wrong because if this looks nice over here. This is nice We came up ran that low started to break structure again And link is just like mass manipulation right now you're in this range between 967 and 528, you know now it's been five months really almost six months and another ten days or so so You know I would be looking for one of these sides to get taken and then go to the other one
something tells me the lows will get taken. It could be wrong. But when I look at the most recent displacements down, so there's a tiny little fair value gap there, I think. Or not really, actually. There's really not much there. So I'm just gonna draw this order block and see what I can find on a four hour. So we've got liquidity right here. I don't really like the way it just kind of left that fair value gap unmitigated. Let me go to a one hour.
now it's very this is getting very close to those weekly highs those equal highs so the only reason i would look for a reversal up here is because we haven't taken those lows so if we have these when we have these ranges where it's just like you know there's tons of stops on the others either side i want to see one of them get taken before i go for the other so
For instance or especially well, I worded that wrong. I want to see if I'm in a bearish market I want to give the sell stops taken before you go bullish I should say so if we got up here So it looks like it kind of wants to god. This is that's fucking pain. It stopped me out like right here. That's such fucking pain I haven't even looked at this chart since then Thanks for hurting my heart LM. I'm just kidding but liquidity above this high in the four hour
Also, you've got that massive fair value gap. You've got a breaker block right here. That looks like what we'd kind of reacted off of maybe. It didn't really tap it. It did what, 7, 890? Oh, it did to the penny. So that breaker block was what you reacted to first. I don't really think it was mitigating this fair value gap. So I'd want to see price travel above this and maybe into that one hour order block, which would be a full fill of the fair value gap.
And that's where I would potentially look for shorts. Now, if I wanted to look for shorts there, I would really want to see at least a minimum of a 15-minute really switching bearish, undeniably bearish. But other than that, if you wanted to try to trade up into that, I think that's where we're headed looking at this chart.
Be mindful of those equal highs. So like for instance, if I were like a day trader trading link, which first of all, I'll advise that. That's just me. If we preserve these equal highs though, and we push down into it, or really into any kind of discount of this.
then I would look to maybe get long into these equal highs. And I wouldn't really try to trade all the way up into here. But it's just because you're in the middle of a range. If this is the only asset you trade, you just kind of have to trade it, which if that's the case, I think that's a bad mentality. But I would be looking at this. If I'm trying to point out where I think price is actually going to go, I'd watch here. If you get a reversal, trade into this high. But I think this one, the better.
It'd be better to sit out until we get a lower in the range or higher in the range. Just because you're right in the middle of all this. It's like with crypto, you got to take everything with a grain of salt. And price action is kind of shitty as far as intraday. Maybe not link. I've never really intraday traded link. But I see that overall we're moving up though. To this high, this high, and this up here. USDJPY.
Yeah, so there's actually some nice SMT on this. Where was it? Oops. Maybe it was in a lower timeframe. I can't remember. Or maybe it ended up not being SMT, and I thought it was, because I don't see it now. But overall, I think we're drawing up towards these highs. We're in a bullish order block on the weekly. We've swept liquidity, so we have a high resistance run. Then we swept it again, so we have a three drive now.
Four hours kind of consolidating still. Just give you guys a peek of the weekly trading right into this water block and this fulfill this imbalance. If we look at the daily, we have this impulse move down that we probably want to see a move into a premium of, especially whenever we have a bullish DXY taking out the low. Now we've got this breaker sitting right in the middle of this very massive imbalance.
Also, we have equal highs right here and then lower time frame equal highs right here. So a lot of engineer buy side liquidity. Oh, it did hit. I don't really trade all forex squares. I don't try to not watch too much, but I like charting a lot of stuff and just, even if I don't trade it. Moving to that fair value gap, nice sharp reaction out of it. So I think that we're drawing up towards all these highs. Here, here, here. I think all that can be targeted.
And if I'm going back, I'm just kind of reviewing the price action here. You watch that. You could watch that right there. Either one, maybe the same scenario. So I would take a fib of the impulse move. In this example, we don't have a fair value gap at discount. So you'd use an, or I would use an order block. Try to use fair value gaps for lower timeframes if they're there. But order block entry, you'd put stops under this swing low or down here if you wanted.
I kind of wish I would have watched that, honestly. But it's okay. But I think overall order flow is bullish, and that also agrees with DXY. Link will offer link staking, I believe is a good narrative for upside. Yeah, they've needed staking for some time now.
I'm not really super, super in that community. I know people that are, but from my understanding, the CEO and Link, the team just dumps a shitload of it every week, which is pretty bad. But staking would be big for Sergio or Sergi. I think it's Sergi. I don't want to mispronounce his name.
Would I recommend a platform for trading funded or are they all the same? They're definitely not all the same. There's a lot of them that are total scams. So don't try to save 50 bucks or something and go to some small funding firm. FTMO, MFF. Until you're a million dollars funded, I don't see a reason to go anywhere else. Simple as that.
now people that trade crypto like true forex funds and i've heard some good things about them but i've also heard that they have a ton of slippage so i don't want to
endorse them because I haven't used them and I have heard both good and bad. I haven't heard any like total scam stuff, but you know, really bad slippage could be a mess. I know that would piss me the fuck off. Like, so just hearing that makes me not want to mess with them. But, um, my Forex funds, I've had little to no problems with them. I've had two times where they opened the spread up pretty on me pretty bad where it was frustrating, but I think that's
you know realistically you're going to have that happen with every different broker whether it's funded or not it's kind of just the name of the game it's how they make money off you but um yeah i would recommend i have if you want to use my code it's in my twitter bio for my forex funds it gets you five percent off they might even have a better deal right now for black friday or cyber monday so just check that first one thing i want to talk about too ftmo um
I think they're going to fucking integrate TradingView. If they do that, I will be... That'd be the biggest power move they could ever make. Because they put this in two days, something is coming. And I just think that from my point of view, from a business mindset, what better move would it be after MetaTrader gets taken off the App Store, that FTMO is the funding firm that...
allows integration with trading view because fuck i would use that that would be amazing i think i think it's actually kind of bad for newer traders because they see their pnl while they're charting and shit it's like but it would just be so convenient like oh my god because meta trader on the pc is absolute aids let me ask about woo i haven't looked at this in a while
I remember Scarbs got us. Was it this coin or I guess it wasn't this coin? What was that? WRX is what it was, not woo. Nevermind. So massive equal lows right there. This looks pretty bearish. So fair value gap right there. Weekly. This is actually fucking clean price action though. Shit right there.
I would be big short on this anywhere in this daily fair value gap. I'm going to send an alert for this. This is cleanest crypto chart I've looked at all day. Thank you for pointing this out, even though I have no idea what it is. So what I would look for specifically is a one hour to shift in this. And then I'd trade the one hour, the 15 minute. I wouldn't even go lower than that. I wouldn't try to trade a counter trend either just because all coins are... I mean, it's moving pretty clean. What is this?
metaverse ship oh it's a platform probably a lot of manipulation going on if it has a high market cap 142 million dollars in volume oh it's is it a dex with perps i know there's like idex too i haven't used any of these but i think that that's really so there's centralized exchange and am i like out of the loop and this is like some major exchange or something i like a magic token oh the market cap is fucking nothing
Actually, well, no. I mean, I guess this is actually kind of high for alts now. I haven't really liked it fundamentals of crypto in a long, long time. Those times are gone for now for me. Let's see if it says who's behind it. There you go. Kronos. I've heard of them. Yeah. So the reason I'm looking at this.
If you have something that is a token, like for instance, FTT was made by FTX and Alameda so they could manipulate the market and make money off people. That's why I was made. I has a lot of support for Binance. So this is probably an actively manipulated market, which is very good. If it's not too bad and if you understand how it's being manipulated.
so the reason i like it is because this is very very clear manipulation we have on the weekly chart engineered liquidity at equal lows and notice how it very close everybody's gonna look at that as support price traded into the weekly fair value gap
Massive expansion down. So we hop to a daily. We say what structures here. We have displays on the downside. We look for a price to come to a premium and you sell into those lows. And this is very clean. I'm actually going to add this just to keep an eye on it. Am I on perps right here? Does it have perps? Okay, I was going to get sad if it didn't have perps. Am I on the perps chart? I'm going to have to rechart it. I'll remember, but still. OCD. Did it take the lows on perps? No, okay, good.
Came closer that looks like Yeah, this is fucking a clean price action very clean so heavily manipulated, which is good Something something no fees trading. Yeah, I haven't
I heard about it. Thomas asks, how does the free trial work? So you get a five-day trial to the Discord, and if you decide to stay, you get a discount on your first month. The Discord is where I give all of my signals, and not just me. There's tons of other people that are giving signals. I'll give you a sneak peek of some of it. Oh, wait. How do I do this? Oh, fuck. My new streaming. Hold on. Let me change the window. Give me a second, guys.
Did it work? Yeah. So basically this is the server where I give all of my trades. Playboy gives trades. Then we have a ton of people in stocks giving trades. I don't want to give out any trades that are being taken, but I mean, you can see this is just since 1117. And this is for swing trades, day trades, ton of stuff.
There's all options stuff, kind of high-risk reward stuff, a lot of crypto stuff. There's Forex trades as well. You got Flow in there, trade a lot of gold. Yeah, there's all that. And then we also teach, I teach all my classes here. So the private classes, and then you have access to the community of other traders. So super dope. If you decide to stay though in that first month, you get a discount if you use my code.
which is CASPER in all caps. Also, if you, not speaking about trials, and you're not saying this is what you're asking about, but there is a sale going on right now too, CF50, but it's only for annual subscriptions. You get half off. So there's that.
And actually, I just realized what time it is. I have a call right at 1. So I have to hop off here. I really appreciate you all coming through. If you have any questions or have any charts you want to send me, at me on Twitter. DM them however you want to get through to me. You guys know that. By now, I always tell you guys you can hit me up. And yeah, I hope to see you in the Discord, Thomas. If you guys have any...
I already said it. My brain's like robotic right now. I was going to ask you guys to, or not ask you guys, I was going to say thanks for watching again. Yeah. Have a good day guys. And I won't see you tomorrow or Friday because I am going on vacation.
But on Sunday, or no, Monday, I will see you guys again. Until then, peace. Actually, wait, guys, fuck. My brain is off the place. Today's Tuesday. I will be live tomorrow. Goddamn. I'm going to quit smoking fucking weed. But yeah, tomorrow I will be live Wednesday. But after that, I won't be. So I'll see you guys later. Peace.
