What's good Give me a second guys cuz I'm kind of monitoring this trade I move stops and break even right here Look at that as like the second leg down could have been a second entry there, but I just took the initial model we talked about Way up here. We'll go over in a second, but I'm gonna see if I get stopped in pros here Already taking partials this little
Interesting morning. Nice little move on the upside from side right after this initial little down move in the morning. Took out really this move. Something I really didn't want to be participating in that, but I did see the model. The reason I didn't participate was because the news, but we did take a nice low over here and get an obvious displacement to the upside. Return to that fair value gap or the order block. Order block boys won on that one for sure.
Then what I was noticing was a potential market maker sell model, really in the higher time frame time frames first, but I saw it more so on these lower time frames as we kind of consolidated here, expanded, consolidated. Then we got that smart money reversal, but it's not really the cleanest market maker sell model. I think this audio stopped at pros and then I'll be done. Maybe not. Let's hope it doesn't. That'd be nice if it would go down.
Nice little cell though for sure can't be mad at it Even if it does I put my stop for those wondering why I put it right here above this high because I look at this is kind of a second leg down of the distribution I know a lot of people take this over this model up here whenever we're talking about more just the market maker model instead of
You know just the regular smart money reversal that we use on indices now this morning was a little funny the way we Moved I guess the liquidity rate was down here. That was really where that entry was but The reason I took a sell-up here. This was even considered was because we were this massive order block right here Right. They kind of pushed us down this really big move that sent us, you know hurling last week
And this big fair value gap. So to me, we had railed up in the morning. Yes, we did move initially down first, got that liquidity rate. Would have been a nice little trade, but we came back up into what I have as a premium of the one hour zone. I don't think we're just going to tumble from here. I think eventually we'll go up more. We'll see. But I would be happy just with this little low down here, even if we got that.
On the one hour, we created a pretty big range towards the end of last week, which I have it drawn as this. This was really where my impulse, it was before it was here. Then right here, kind of swung up, came down and took all that out. So from here to here, really to me, the two most recent points we moved expansively off of. So that just shows me where the institutional sponsorship is. So that's really our dealing range going into this week. Now, whenever we have a week that is as bearish as...
last week, like the end of it, a lot of times you'll see some...
fickle price action early in the week. I'm not really surprised we just started pumping here because we're taking a lot of sell-side liquidity. And overall, in the weekly range, we're definitely deep into a discount with the bottom of it. We just created the bottom of it. Now, that being said, that does not mean that we will just reverse. We saw that last week. I wanted us to reverse a little quicker, but NQ had not taken that low that we had talked about.
that ended up obviously everything got taken there's a weekly low over here that we got taken right at the end of the week last week so yes we've taken out the sell side here finally on all indices not just um the s p and dow like we had last week and we're at that point where we might start looking for a potential reversal but until you know as far as to say we're going up into the weekly range we're not there yet for me we need to form a weekly swing low so
That's going to take a while. Now, as far as catching relief longs, I'd say that would probably be a little...
you can take the longs off of it because we've taken all these lows, but don't get it twisted. Just because we've taken the lows doesn't mean we're going to reverse. And I kind of wanted us to reverse a lot last week. And I realized like, okay, you're kind of like, you know, wanting this to reverse. So I kind of stepped back. Like we don't really have a reason just yet. And once you have the reason, then it's, you know, the daily bias is really clear. But when we're at these key levels where we just took a lot of liquidity, yes, there's a framework, but that doesn't mean.
there's any confirmation. It's just like our trades. We frame them around a narrative and then we confirm that narrative with market structure. It's pretty sloppy. I wouldn't say there's really much power of three going on here. I mean, you could look at it from the weekly open maybe, but that's usually I'd like to look at it from midnight. And while we did move a little lower, okay, stopping profits. There we go. Probably be done for the day. Nice little trade, but nothing major.
And it even really could reverse from here. I just move that stop up there again because that's really that second leg. And oftentimes if it comes up here, it's most likely going to come around to my break even or close to it to where, you know, I would have gotten stopped that anyway. So that's another thing I've been trying to work on lately is, I don't know how to, I'll just hide this because I've been journaling all my stuff. Again, this is a super nice way to journal things. So what's today? The third, three.
Now I can just hide it all and it's all gone. I don't have to look at it anymore. If we keep moving up, like for instance, if the price reverses and goes to the upside here, I would say we're pretty much drawing towards that previous daily high, that Friday high that we put in. And then we also have these fairly relatively equal highs right here. So good chance we could still continue up.
Overall for the week, the bias on indices to me would be a lot clearer tomorrow because I want to see how Monday ends up closing. Like for instance, we closed super bullish today and then I see another bull day tomorrow, that's going to lead me into a bearish weekly bias. But one thing I will say is the way that we're handling this previous week's equilibrium and we're just hanging out above it, that would be more bullish than bearish to me.
So overall, I'm leaning towards upside early on. And that goes for both indices, NQ and Bitcoin, or not Bitcoin, NQ and ES. So NQ, I wasn't really watching this morning. I did really good with ES last week. So I'm kind of just hanging out over there for now.
Similar setup though, except we had a one hour order block here that she was reacting to. And then there's a fair value gap farther up. And then it's 15 minute order block. If we kind of refine that zone, that buy to sell range up to right there. But once we get up to that point, if we don't start reversing there, I think that that's, it's a nicer area because it's more decisional. Meaning that if price comes all the way up here and it doesn't reverse, you know, you're coming for this highs right here.
And then we have a new range and we kind of have a bullish range on the one hour. And we would look for a retracement back down to a premium to build long. So anytime we have a massive move like that on Friday, right at the close and the monthly close, it's a little bit tricky to try to nail something on the head. But I would lean more bullish for now. I haven't even looked at crypto this morning.
Just hanging out. What's up? What's good? Yeah, I mean
If indices start pushing up nicely, we could see this fair value gap. And that would be where I'm really going to get interested again because I just don't see much value on a daily chart anywhere that's not below this low or in this fair value gap. So apologies to those that are wanting a bunch of crypto stuff right now. I just don't see it. I don't think it's worth sitting here and camping on until we get a reason to. ETH.
Let's see. That's another thing I wanted to. Personally, I thought, I think the S&P 500 can go up to 37.75. Yeah, I'm leaning more towards upside at first too, for sure. I'm only saying that because of the monthly chart.
The monthly chart shows, like, if you look at the pattern of the indices, every time we suffer 2 major losses, we recover about 50%. So, um, that's where my bias is 50% of the 50% of the move down. Wouldn't that be higher than 3770.
yeah it's like yeah it's like four thousand with uh with the current state of the economy i don't think we go higher than that right so i just stayed with 30 with 50 of the moves that we made uh the pre what is it the previous month so that monthly candle that makes sense yeah i mean this i would look at this like a monthly order block now too so
If you look at kind of the range we're in now, as far as like the monthly, two monthly order blocks we're between, it's this right here, 33.44 and 37.82. So you could see a little move up into that and clear out. We're also at a weekly order, or not weekly order, I'm sorry, weekly order breaker block. If you want to look at it like that, go down here.
I think the overall high value area is down here at $34.45 and $35.09, which is the weekly fair value gap and the order block here. So Bitcoin in the monthly. I was looking at something. I really don't see a whole lot of clear direction with crypto right now. I mean, if anything, it would be leaning to the upside of these imbalances because on Ethereum.
We now got a weekly imbalance right there also an order block as well and this Jobless claims came back higher so worse Which is bullish for?
As weird as that may sound, the reason why it's bullish is because people are starting to think that the Fed is going to, instead of increase interest rates, they're going to start decreasing interest rates or not increase them at all pretty soon just based on, if you look at the other economies, usually when unemployment gets really bad, they stop increasing and they start cutting rates. So that's why we're having all this bullish action.
happening and that's why i think it's going to go with that interesting
It's all bullish based on the Fed. That's why you see the XY pushing down. So I think the XY should go to the 12 month. I think it's a monthly or the 12 month FBG fill. And it's also the 50% of the daily chart, I believe, or weekly. It's a 110, 500 before continuing to push to the upside, depending on job data.
Got you. Somebody asked, how come you use ESZ and NQZ futures? It's the most open interest on these contracts. These are the December contracts. So if you can go to bar charts, there's a couple of places you can go and read open interest. And in my opinion, especially if you're day trading, you want to be looking at the chart where the big money's looking at, because that's where they're going to be high amounts of liquidity under the structure you're mapping out.
For oil CL, I just use CL because that's just the one I use. Oil, I know there's US oil CL. There's probably other stuff. That's just the one I use. I'm trading a CFD, of course, on my MetaTrader. So I kind of map it out there as far as levels go, but I can get the general structure and everything I need to know from the CL chart.
Mike said, I hope you're well. Can you please explain the significance with Monday's range? Yeah, sure. It's really not necessarily, I mean, I know a lot of people map out Monday's range like that with Monday's high and low. Personally, I don't really map that out. I just want to see Monday's direction. So for instance, if I'm looking for a bearish week, I would like to see bullishness early in the week. But that's really what Monday, the value or I guess importance Monday holds.
Yeah, I might get another PM entry. I won't force anything. Nice little trade that I took on SPY. So especially on a Monday this week, I probably won't be trading much Thursday or Friday, if any. Definitely not at all on Friday because of NFP. Guys, always make sure you keep in mind the first Friday of every month, you're going to have a lot of volatility. There's going to be a lot of money getting moved around, especially like what you were just saying, Freddie. That's even more employment numbers.
We'll see how that plays out. Let's just see how I react off this though
Looking at you one could have looked at this really is the second leg the more I look at this I'm not gonna trade it, but I'll journal it So I was thinking I was looking at this is this like first leg cuz that's where the displacement came in But really looking at I mean I entered off of that break at this very well you got right there well the B I entered at the base of it, but Looking at you know, this could have been really the second leg and this would have been the second entry we'll see I'm still kind of
a little weird doing the second leg on indices, because a lot of times, usually when that happens, the move's already...
Played out, you know like friends like you know This could just have been the move to come down here and take out whatever it did over here really this have been the liquidity I was looking at but I was looking at but um Journal it just to see how it goes. Somebody asked do I do these live streams every day? Sorry new here. Yeah, I do them this week It's gonna be every day at noon Eastern I usually do them noon Eastern Monday through Thursday and then Friday I do a late night one But this week's my weekend is my birthday. So I've got some plans. I'm gonna get everything done early
Yeah, I want to share this with you guys too. This was a power of three true one of this on Friday. It was I didn't take it. It was kind of just a What's nice? I thought Oh, I appreciate it, bro. Oh Older I get the less I care about birthdays, but my girl is like going all out. So it's gonna be a good one. She's she's hello Yeah, she's going crazy Right, it's just like I'm just mold I'm older
Not that old, but maybe 26. So Bitcoin. Oh yeah. I was going to show this trade with you guys. See, I should have grouped this one. That'd been easier for me to find. Here it was. So I didn't take this, but I do want to just give an example of this nice little power of three setup. It was in a deep premium of this impulse, but we caught this short and play a bit over here.
The thing I want to stress here when we're talking about power three is it's really simple, right? We just have an area where we're looking to trade from, right? So whatever that is, it's your liquidity or POI, whatever it is, you have an area that you want to frame a trade around. So we wait for price to get near it and we want it to consolidate in front of it, just like this. So it comes in front of it, consolidates, boom, takes that liquidity. And then at that point, you're...
okay you know you're in your front you were going to enter here or look to enter here already but now you've got you've waited and given the market time to accumulate orders to then be manipulated because remember if we're looking to trade smart money we're always looking for manipulation i think that the saying no uh no raid no trade would save a lot of people from losing a lot of money because oftentimes if there isn't liquidity you're becoming liquidity and i think the supply and demand
can make people do that a lot when they're just looking at supply and demand and structural confirmation. I know that was a problem I used to have. The reason I was saying where I was getting my OT from, you can look at it as OT of this little expansive move we made down, and then you look for any kind of POIs in that area. In this example, we had a breaker block right here. I'm sorry, it seemed like that was the reaction. It seems like every time a good breaker smacks, I'm not looking at it.
Like for instance, if I look for a breaker, which I'm still like getting better with them, if it's not on like a four hour up, I usually don't really hit the breakers that much. But in this example, looking back, I'm like, okay, that was the entry. But the reason I didn't really pay attention to it and I was looking at anywhere in here was because that was the first POI at or beyond optimal trade entry. One could have even looked at this, but obviously it's a pretty massive fair value gap.
So that was that weekly range we'd put in. So you come to the optimal trade entry of the weekly range, and then you can scale into the lower timeframes and it would have looked something like this. This is where we have that manipulation phase where I'll hide some of this so you can actually see. Why isn't it letting me do a box? Oh, whatever. Why is it not doing that though?
Anyways, sorry. I don't know why. Usually it'll let you fan out a box if you hold the control key. But what we look for here is a simple entry pattern. Now, whatever your entry pattern may be, I need to change. The entry would be right over here.
If we had that break of structural displacement and this fair value gap right there between those two candles and get the brush tool so you guys can see a little more. So it's right there. That's that fair value gap where we got the shift in market structure where in our POI you've had that little three drive moving into it.
So very nice entry there. And you could have just taken profits around this area or held them for an extended target. But either way, again, like we've been stressing a lot recently, you don't need to trade the entire narrative. You just need to build the narrative and trade within it. So for instance, if you're building the narrative that this is manipulation and the price is going to come down to then take liquidity down here in this accumulation range, then all you need to know is where price is drawing towards.
I can't stress that enough. You don't have to trade the whole narrative. There's multiple trades to be had here. Once you have a little bit more of a deeper understanding of what zones are important, you could have traded here, maybe got out around here, waited until price came to this range, gave another confirmation, traded. You see what I'm saying? You can just operate within that awareness that your bias is that we're moving down.
So that's really what it comes down to whenever we're talking about building narratives. It's not all about just, you know, now you could have held it the whole time too, right? I mean, that's fine too. The first target ended up getting pipped over here. The full did not. And it still could, who knows, but quite a long time to hold a trade. And if you're like me and trade on MetaTrader, or well, not MetaTrader, my Forex funds, you can't trade on the weekends. So you were sidelined.
Oh, yeah. Thanks for all the birthday wishes, guys. I just now saw it. Appreciate it. So, yeah, what I'd like to see, again, for me to get involved in crypto is just something here getting taken. I just, this doesn't seem, I mean, yes, there is money to be made here. There is a lot of money you can make right there in that trade, but I didn't, I just didn't take it after the end of last week, again, because I can't trade crypto, except on a Binance support, which I really don't pay attention to now that I'm going to fund it.
Not a lot of action here. I mean, if we look at crypto, I mean, it's literally just consolidation, consolidation. And if we go over to indices, you know, we have clear movement. So that's why I keep trying to tell people not to just sit there and pay attention to only crypto. It's going to be the death here. Something else I did want to go over, this euro dollar setup, I'm really liking potential shorts. It's not there yet. And really DXY, DXY did tap the weekly imbalance.
But I'd like this appreciates your house. I just saw that but um I'd like this to give us a selling model. I mean for me I would want to see this taken out to That second leg again like we're talking about before we have that first leg, you know, yes You could have entered right here still be in it. It would have been Yes about stopped you out and it's kind of just hanging out
So I want to see like a second leg down. That's an alert for that. And then I would look for something like this to enter a cell and I would take it all the way down here. So I asked, is a breaker just an order block that gets traded through? So I think that's a really common misconception with breakers is while that is part of what makes a candle a breaker, you can look at it like that, but that's not really what it is, so to speak. So really when we're talking about breakers,
We have a situation where price is kind of consolidating. And then maybe we rush up huge. And you're going to look at this as a break of structure. But what was actually happening is maybe some liquidity was getting taken.
And that was just a liquidity rate and price moves very violently away from it. So then now it looks like you have an order block that got traded through. But what really happened was smart money, you know, manipulated price here in order to push price up to take these stops. So think of it more as the candle that takes stops than an order because not every order block that gets traded through or every failed demand is a breaker block.
I mean, a lot of them are, but not every one. So I think it's key to understand that in order to utilize them properly, or you'll start looking for them everywhere. And everything will be a breaker block that any failed demand is going to be a breaker block. And that's just not the case. But the whole, the point of it is to take stops. When I said GU, I haven't even looked at this. You can see the last time I looked, I still haven't marked out the death crash yet. So, I mean,
This weekly closure is going to tell us a lot more because the way I look at them, we've got a massive fucking range here. I mean, if I'm looking at the weekly, I mean, I don't really see any clear sign of this would be the range for me. It'd be this whole entire thing for the weekly range. Now, I'm not telling you that we're going to just start retracing it. I don't necessarily think we are because until we have, you know, a proven continuation or not, I'm sorry, a proven reversal, we kind of look at it as continuation. And as crazy as that is, you know, yes, we're like.
It's lowest it's ever been, but that doesn't mean it can't get lower. So what I would do or what I would operate within is look at that little imbalance we're in right now in the weekly. So you could see us consolidate around here for a little bit, but I just don't see, you know, if we now, if we closed a weekly candle looking exactly like this, that would be a little more of an inclination showing us desire to move up. Right. But until we close a candle.
form that weekly swing low then it's not really showing me prices like drawing up right now if once it does start to do that which I'm not saying it is I would look for it to trade up into this region so you got a lot of liquidity above these highs at a premium
And that's pretty crazy off. So don't say I'm saying the pound is going anywhere near there anytime soon. Remember, we're looking at a weekly chart. So that'd be the first framework I'm going to operate off of. Looking at a daily chart, we also just filled a pretty big fair value gap. Hopped down to a one hour.
Still bullish structure as of now, but I would wait. If you start to see on the hourly a nice reversal, kind of like what we're looking for on Euro. If you see something like this and then another one, that's going to give you an indication that the market is pushing more to the downside.
Which chart did I do? Wanda? Okay, there we go. So I think this is one I would be waiting on, especially you got NFP this week. Don't force stuff. I mean, if you have your model that says otherwise, don't let me change your bias, but I just don't see. I see sales cooking more than anything. You look at all these protected lows.
Well, I wouldn't want to call them protected and confuse people. This discount has been protected and most likely will be used later on. So, you know, if price maybe were to jet down right here, leave a fair value gap, that would be a potential area where you could frame sales. I would be price shaving them off at each low.
And you could wait for the second, like maybe price does this, bam, and you've got another fair value gap. That could be an opportunity for sales, if that happens. And as you come down into these lows, that's where I'd be shaving off. As we said, is DXY tradable? Yeah, I'm pretty sure. I've never, well, I know it is. I've never traded it, but I know that some brokers do offer trading the dollar strength index.
If you're trading it on stocks, you're going to trade UDN or UUP. If you're trading it on any MT4 broker, you just pop open the dollar index. Yeah. I didn't know the other ones for the stock. You learn something new every day. I knew that they had it on MT4.
Yeah, I think that GU would be better to wait on because, again, we're so beaten down. I'm not telling you it's for sure going to do what we just said, but that's the narratives I see. Now, flip side, it doesn't, and it just shows more and more strength throughout the week, even through NFP. Well, then you might start looking for the weekly to want to pull back a little bit. I would use DXY with that, and I'm not going to lie to you. I don't see a necessarily reversal yet. Now, if we close a week nasty down here, maybe, but I just see it.
imbalance we're drawing down towards. Yo, Algo. What's up, bro? What puts you holding right now? Were you in those Tesla puts? Let's see. I've been holding Apple $100 puts since May. I got Amazon $95 puts since May. What are your Apple puts at? Are those leaps? Yeah, they're leaps. $1.37.
would you buy it um the first one i bought it was uh five six twenty two when i kept saying that the japanese yen and the frank were gonna push everything down i paid 240 for them they went to six hundred dollars a piece i had ten of them sold a shitload of them had one left um to use it as a as an indicator to see where we were gonna trade to and i started buying uh back
a 722 i started buying them at a dollar 30 and since august i've been buying more so i have uh really so you're loading up on apple this is apple yeah um apple's one of my best trades i've i've uh done it a couple times where i turned like two hundred dollars to thirteen thousand um so i'm just following the same model something light yeah
I mean, I bought time each time. So, you know, I'm just rinsing and repeating. Same thing with Apple, Amazon, Tesla. I've been holding Tesla put leaps. They're currently sitting at $243 a piece. I have 10 of them. And then I have Glaciers put on it.
and I hold 500 shares. Sorry, sorry to interrupt you. But I was going to say, you were talking about this too, but Playboys, SQQ, like how they're like the final take for off-foot or whatever, that's where I would actually, like, I don't think it's quite hit it yet. It came close. I would maybe look to enter around there. Were you the one talking about that? Yeah, the SQQ puts, so based on institutional order flow, I think, oh, AJ pointed it out, one of,
place runs.
When I checked it, I saw that they were heavily buying it because there was a discount. So perfect sells on it would be $63 on the shares. Like you said, we quite didn't reach it today. We were, shit, we were about to hit that bitch. Oh my god. I didn't even notice this. Hold on, let me do this analysis for Seeker. I gotta do this Euro shit.
so on euro um honestly bro with euro it's like it's up right now i mean we can't we tapped into that weekly or not weekly i'm sorry monthly fair value gap down here but um
Again, until we have signs of a reversal, we look for continuation. So I don't see any strong signs of reversal yet on the euro. Pretty similar situation as far as we've got an imbalance right there on euro-dollar, just kind of like GBP. We've also got weekly imbalances on DXY, which you guys know that's the inverse of anything with dollar at the end.
Again, once we get up into these regions or where we're at, that might be a higher selling probability, in my opinion, even though we're beaten down. I know a lot of people, even me sometimes, you'll want to look for longs just because something's so beaten down and it's like, this can't go lower. But it definitely can, especially with all of the macroeconomic conditions and pressures on Europe right now. I think everything's really unpredictable. I wouldn't say...
macros point for two for sure either way but it's just so crazy right now that it's it's unpredictable so you want to wait for the highest probability setups and make sure you're um you're confident with that
But if anything, I would look for sales overall on Euro. I am waiting. I mean, I haven't got a confirmation because we are right at this weekly imbalance. We tapped it barely, but that's why I want another little leg here because we could easily run up into that early on in the week and start to give signs of reversal there. But really with anything right now in Forex, I'm not going to force anything and I'm really not going to watch anything too, too much.
But if I get good sales on dollar pairs, I'm going to take them. That's really where I'm at right now. But again, I wouldn't force anything. I think, again, the best place to have your attention is stock indices right now. I think it's no matter where you're at, in my opinion. I was even looking at like Nifty and some other.
some other indices and you know they have not the cleanest pa as far as intraday on some of these lower time frames but overall i think that these are the most fast moving markets right now and that's what you want if you're day trading i feel like swing trading or
you know what for whatever reason you don't want it volatility which doesn't make sense to me then you know yeah watch something else but if you want fast markets that are that are going to provide setups a lot i just think it's your time's better spent watching indices specifically united states indices just because there's so much money being shifted around right now you know everybody
is kind of run around like chickens with their heads cut off with all the volatility and all the macros that have been coming out. So I think this is where I want to have my attention. Yeah, for any dollar pairs, I would just wait till they get to a sell area until we show desire to move up. Because again, these charts are just nothing but a staircase to hell recently. Not much really to work with except selling, in my opinion.
Overall though, I know when I was doing this analysis here. Oops. So if we draw
The most recent monthly pro trend order block, and then we find an order block that hasn't touched it. It's this down here, which we did trade through. So once we trade through an order block like that, I mean, you could, some look at that as maybe like an oversold, I guess that'd be the word for it. You know, like a smart money way to look at oversold. I don't really look at it like that because I see a lot of potential to draw all the way back down into here and maybe to this candle even. So overall macros are still bearish.
Macro ta still bearish for euro can wrap that up ICT says it's going to zero. What were you talking about Bitcoin or euro? I haven't really been watching any new stuff. I don't know if he said euro anything about euro yet And I said bitcoins going to zero though Come I swear Bitcoin really could take a beating though like no shit like
I mean, I'm not saying it's going to happen like right here, right now, but like you could see some crazy shit on Bitcoin. Like this isn't, I don't think this is the bottom, but you know, next target, we've got a massive monthly fair value gap here in this 13 to 17 K range. And then really, I mean, next stop after that at 11, 675 ish area. And if you don't reverse there, I mean.
COVID lows don't look crazy, but again, not trying to predict the future, but I think that that will get taken at some point, especially if the world goes through what I think it's going to go through. What do you think the world's going to go through? Another Great Depression scenario. We're already kind of starting it. It all depends on if we...
It all depends on Russia. Yeah, no, exactly. That's really what it all depends on is Russia. And that's why it's unpredictable. I was explaining this to a couple people yesterday that because, you know, everybody's complaining that we're giving Ukraine money. But what they don't realize is that it's cheaper to give them money than to fight that war ourselves. Yeah, exactly. If we go through another war like we did the Afghanistan and Iraq war, that...
that george w bush started that cost us 2.3 trillion dollars right now we've we've invested less than 40 billion into the ukrainian war we've already taken about 20 percent of their
um what's it called their main forces the ones that protect mask moscow so it's cheaper for oh and we also lost 500 000 americans which if you look at the situation we haven't really lost americans in this war uh so that's why all the countries in europe or and you know united kingdom they're all giving money to ukraine and weapons and um that money and that we're giving them
it gets put back into our defense companies because they're buying javelin exactly that's the thing exactly that was what i was trying to tell my dad because my dad's like fucking dumb ass biden that's all he like but he's just like he doesn't even i mean like i'm not a biden fan either but like you know it's just like bro we're the only country that's not printing money like i don't know if anybody knows yeah no yeah that yeah country that our money supply is steadily going down which is good for our economy you don't want the dollar to keep
being you know keep getting diluted but if you look at russia and all these other countries that their money supply they just started ramping up the printing of their money so you should see a huge imbalance when the whole thing you know teeter-totters we could possibly see txy you know i'm thinking 121 yeah but it's possible it goes to 140. well you were talking about this too earlier
The yearly chart, it's pretty crazy. Like, I mean, to me, it's like those highs are target. Those highs are the target. Like if I'm looking at just this right here, like this is all I can see. I'm longing. I would have longed here targeting here. Like, you know, that's all I know. Like, I don't want to think about it. I mean, I get it. There's more to it than trying to relate this to an entry model timeframe. But that's just, you know, when you think of it like that, it's like.
okay like and i would have shorted euro euro usd bro that 12-month chart is stupid i know that ict had like called some he had called some crazy i was watching some of the because until recently i didn't watch um a lot of the uh
oh i'm on the yearly chart i forget i'm like damn they ain't got no data no no but um uh but like with um euro dollar i remember like ict had called like it was like back in like 2016 or something like i think it was
like this rally yeah no it was this right here like before the trade war he had called like literally it's crazy i was watching like some of the old videos and he was calling shit like he had like i can't remember what the target was i can't if it hit the full target but he called most of this rally like to basically for us to return to a um premium of this range and like if you look it's crazy how accurate this shit really is like literally right to the first
Bro, that move I caught, oh my god. Oh my god, it was disgusting. I left a runner on USDCAD? Bro. Hell yeah. I didn't even expect that shit. I expected it to reverse from the 705. I think it's still going down. What, USDCAD? Yeah. Oh, this right here?
Yeah, well, I was waiting for that liquidity to get ran, right? And then once it got ran, if you look at a 15-minute chart, you'll see where it did that whole displacement to the downside. So I waited for the displacement that broke structure. We came back up, and I shorted it into the fair value gap. And then I just went short all the way down. Yeah, so this is actually really nice. This is similar to what I was trying to explain this morning.
if you see like one thing i've been testing like look at the first entry is is the like you know is
it's an entry as well. But whenever we're talking about market maker sales, a lot of people won't take entry till this. And they call it the high probability trade is what ICT calls it, which I've been kind of teetering with it on indices, but on Forex it works really fucking clean. Cause like what it does usually just gives you a tighter stop, you know? And then like, you still have the same target. So for like here, I mean the target would have, it's already been hit. I would say this was the target was as equal lows.
And you could look at this as power, because a lot of times too, power of three and, you know, market maker models are just the same. They're on just on different timeframes. So you could look at like this, and then here's the manipulation and then distribution right there. Or actually draw this up a little bit. My TP was the first low that you could see on the swing structure that broke us to the upside. So I TPed only at 1.36876 right there. Yeah. That was my full TP.
I didn't expect that shit to keep going. And that's fucking fire. You know what I'm saying? To be honest with you, I'd be out mostly there. I'd be like 80% there. You know what I mean? If not at all. I got out mostly where we entered the supply and demand flip zone right there. So the first leg down, I was already out like 75%. I wasn't risking it, you know? Yeah. Dollar CAD's a nice pair. Honestly, out of all 4X pairs, my performance is definitely highest on Dollar CAD.
i don't know why i don't really watch anymore i kind of like i like euro too but the reason i like euro is just because it's like it's just been so bearish for so long like i just thought i'm just gonna wait if it gives a sell cool i'll mess like a good sell like i'm not gonna try to day trade a bunch you know i'll use the low time frames to frame it and but i want the high time frames to just be exhausted like because i'm i was back testing like dude this is like if you were just to wait on euro dollar for the last couple months
to retrace its major like moves you know like the four hour like daily charts you literally just could swing up swung shorts like this entire year off and on just just swung shorts like literally just it's like a investment at this point like you're buying puts and just leap buying leaps yeah i mean this looks good though i mean the daily three drive here i mean it's decked down to this order block this is a weird one though i don't know if i'd really
Look at us. I mean it is a three drive, but this second like down. I guess it kind of forms a range GBP JP wall. I don't look at JJ in a while What was it you Jay you holy shit, I think
Yeah, UJ. I'm watching it for possible shorts on UJ. Because we had the displacement to the downside that broke on the hourly. It kind of looks good. That's right here.
Yeah. I don't know. I think that's the CPI. That scares me. But I mean, it could for sure. Oh, that right there that you saw that drop, that was when Japanese started manipulating their currency and started buying their... So what they did is they used their cash reserves to buy Forex on the JPY. So all JPY pairs, if you look at any JPY... Yeah, that's weird. It's the day after. You're right. It's the day after the CPI drop. And then Europe and...
gb in europe and the uk got pissed so then europe or sorry the uk started buying their guilt which is their uh bonds they started buying bonds oh i'm retarded my bad i mean i'm i'm looking at usd and i'm like i don't even know why i was talking about cpi that would have that's that's the pump my bad but you go go ahead they started they started buying that and then europe got mad at well europe dropped their interest rates on the rich people first and then uk
started buying their bonds.
that whole trifecta right there just fucked with dxy heavy so then that's why you saw like usually we get the dxy trailing up and you'll see you know our indices start coming down because investors are risked off right but because they started doing that they just fucked the whole narrative for everything like like dxy went to shit yeah everything's fucked up bro yeah there's no like uh inverse
indication that we could use because at the same time our bonds were going there was a huge divergence between bonds currencies and indices you know i haven't let's actually look at that that was how whenever we i made that video that was what i was i just used the bonds mainly but i don't know if we've had any major nothing major yet on um but i think that could be a nice um
What the fuck? Bitcoin? I had Undo. It took me to Bitcoin. Did they already have the meeting day or no? Did they? I thought they did this morning. I might be wrong. It was their first in-person meeting, which is pretty cool. It was at 10 a.m.
fucking oil man we try i'm glad that's why i told everybody i was like look like close now before because we i think i can't find deleted the position stuff because i don't journal these ones on oil is because um
The Saudis and I forgot what I think it's Nigeria. So something that you could see is if you look at the Nigerian reserves. Right. Anytime you see Nigerian Nigerian reserves shoot up like what people don't know or what they don't conceptualize is that Nigeria is extremely rich. Like they are stupid. The state. They were going to be the wealthiest nation in the world.
because of oil. Yeah, they got fucked over on that one. Yeah, so the reason why they didn't become the leaders in oil is because the U.S. price fix with the Saudis and we signed a contract that we were going to buy Saudi oil indefinitely at a certain price point and then the Saudis became the richest nation and that's why they're worth combined all the...
middle eastern families are worth like two trillion or something yeah and it's crazy how many people that spread apart too it's like a lot of it's spread apart like 20 people but like it's how many people it's something crazy bro i remember seeing it's like 30 000 or something it's like 25 people and they're 1.4 trillion themselves yeah the koreti the qataris and um the
crap there's one other well another royal family and just saudi is what i was talking about not not all of the countries are 1.4 trillion the crazy the qatar family is 800 billion the kuwaiti family i think it's like 500 billion and there's another family in the middle east that i'm forgetting they're worth uh 450 billion combined it's fucking crazy bro but yeah nigeria whenever you see nigerian reserves go up you see
our markets crash. They're actually one of the best leading indicators to tell you where the world markets are headed. Based on the past hundred years, if you look at their reserves, every time the reserves started shooting up, world recessions started happening.
They're the only thing that hasn't been manipulated that, you know, we don't, because we can't manipulate that ourselves. They control it, you feel me? So that's one thing. But other than that, I mean, so yeah, Nigeria, I heard about the OPEC meeting and the fact that the barrel of oil kept declining so heavily. The OPEC nations wanted to intervene and cut supply. So price shoots back up.
Because they want to hold it at least $80 a barrel or some crazy shit. Hold on one second. It's all manipulation. It's crazy. The XY's looking good right here, bro. 15 minute power of 3. We accumulated. We're manipulating. Should go up. What's up, bro? You, uh...
you're a dividend stock guy right you have some dividends or you did before the crash yeah i still hold all my dividend stocks still hold all your dividends what uh what are some that you would look for like i'm i have a lot of cash sitting and you know when things bottom out i kind of just want to get into good dividends i'm 25 so
when real estate corrects i would be looking at a company called o and casper can do uh some ta on that it's pretty it's pretty neat oh casper what is it oh yeah yeah this company right here this is my watch list of them all i got m o a b b b
uh coca-cola one you were just talking about oh yeah this is gonna be my heaviest buy right here when it comes down i want it at like 30 bucks now what is that what exactly is this again they're uh a real estate fund but the thing about it is that it's uh one of america's aristocratic dividend companies which means that for the past 50 years they haven't missed a dividend payment and they pay a monthly dividend
of 26 cents um that's five percent hey check out sphd as well yeah so i had a big talk with robbie about that one and that will definitely be this this portfolio is for my business account for tax reasons so i don't want to put it in right like i want to put this in real stuff and sphd if it's for tax reasons bro go try and find when i was uh
doing the whole broker thing back in in 08 we were selling a stock i can't remember the name but it was a pipeline from canada um they they had a qualified dividend and it was capped at 14 so that's what we were selling the rich people it's like hey it doesn't matter how much money you have if you put a billion dollars in here and you get stupid high returns on your investment because they were paying i think 17 dividend dude
it was capped at only being able to get taxed 14 percent
Yeah. So when I talked to my accountant, these are all just holds that he pretty much said the longer I hold these for, the better. Yeah, put drip on. Oh, absolutely. Yeah, and I'm kind of just trying to make this my nest egg. So I want it to be dividend heavy. I honestly like it's so against what I usually do, but I think I just want it to be all dividends so that I just like, you know. I would say this bitch is going to go down here, though.
That's so relaxing. Yeah, I want these to go down, Casper. Real estate's going to go through at least a 30% correction. As much as everybody wants to say that it's not, most of the people that are saying that real estate... Not the people that are full port. They're either mortgage brokers or they bought real estate. Yeah, or they just bought a fucking... Those are the only people that are bullish. Now this one looks like... This O one looks like...
oh like this this looks very nice yeah i want that that this low or i mean really this low i guess would be where i'd watch but oh i'm gonna start buying them when it gets into the the like 37 bucks i'll start buying pairs there i want to have like a thousand shares for that company just because if you think about the the dividend return on a thousand shares dude if they're paying 26 cents a share and that's monthly well
So you're saying this dividend will not go down? They don't ever lower their dividend? I mean, they didn't lower it during the pandemic when they took a close. They never lowered it, you know? And it's been the same since, like, 1980, you know? If anything, it's gone up, I think. So this stock, potentially, with 1,000 shares, you're going to get a yearly return of 31.20.
if it holds up the dividends. So that's fucking, that's that way. Third way. So you're saying if you have, if you have 60 K in this, you get 3,100 bucks a year. Uh, yeah, that's, that's really nice. Especially like down here. I mean, I know that'll be a little different, but yeah, down there, it's going to be sweet, bro. Yeah. That's my big thing, bro. You pass this port to the kids, bro. Yeah. I want to build, um, like the whole thing I'm doing right now, bro. Like I'm like so cash that like, I am like such a bear macro. Like I literally, I own.
almost zero crypto i own zero anything right now except cash i'm just trying to hoard i'm trying to hoard that shit because i really want to build an actual like because i i don't um i i'm a trader like i'd rather get money out of the market than like swing trade a lot of the time but like what i want to do is build just dividend stocks and real estate like that's what i want to become like i want to just really save up everything i can save and then dump
like dump it into that shit bro that's that's the goal for me trade account where you do your day trading or your swings or you know have your separate accounts where like you know if that's what you you want to do yeah exactly oh shit i just realized it's almost one i actually have to cut this one like right at one i have a call it's going to start in like a minute but um i appreciate all you guys coming out um again on really weekly bias everything um it's you know we're at a pivotal point we just took this low i would say upside
and then can you know upside first and we'll kind of re we'll revisit it i'll be on tomorrow of course so bitcoin i wouldn't really touch till you're under this low or in this fair value gap i would ethereum i'd probably just chill until bitcoin looks good euro waiting for these weekly fair value gaps same as gu um i'm not touching oil this week and then indices yeah that's what we went over first so yeah be safe out there guys if you got any questions you know how to get at me i'll see y'all tomorrow peace
