What's up, Casper? What's good, bro? What's going on? How much, dude? I just got back in from enjoying the sun. Nice, yeah. Gotta get that vitamin D.
I was actually just sitting here looking at Monero. Honestly, it seems like privacy coins are pretty strong lately. So once I see strength in a sector like that, I'm going to kind of look around at the bigger players in that sector. And looking at Monero, I mean, just the perp charts. We've got our weekly low and high, and it's pretty crazy because we have a huge range here. It's like COVID lows to all-time high. We still really haven't broken bullish structure. Even if you wanted to draw it.
Here, you could pull this line up and draw it here if you wanted. That's really being aggressive with it. I mean, you could say that's a pullback. Now, regardless, yeah, we got a wick down below, but if we don't get a closure on these higher timeframes, also for Cody on YouTube, I'll go on Ethereum next, but I do want to go over XMR right now.
And what's up, Milf? Full pour shorts. Sand. I'm actually in sand longs right now at Chicago. I'll go over that as well. So on Monero on the weekly, we see.
This weekly high and low, we're definitely in a discount if you're looking at that perspective. Now, when we look down here, these equal lows just got swept, and we came into this zone. All the lows really got swept. So a lot of liquidity was swept, and then we have this weekly zone of demand. You could even refine it to just this candle or even just this inside bar, which would mean it's probably a range on a four-hour daily.
With that being said, we can say, okay, prices came back into demand on the weekly, really high timeframe. So let's just go from the top down, we'll go to the daily. So again, we're noticing all these lows being swept, a lot of sell side liquidity removed from the marketplace, which could lead us to targeting the buy side being the highs, whether that's up here, maybe even up here, there's a lot of equal highs above. So now I've came to the daily chart.
We can see that we had a daily internal change of character. We were in a downtrend on the daily, and when we're talking about internal, we're just talking candle to candle as far as did this candle make a new low? Yes, yes, yes. Okay. Then we had a new low here. Why? Because this candle broke the previous candle's high.
And then right here we had that break of structure, well, break of internal structure. So on the daily, if you're looking at break of internal structure, a lot of times it's going to be break of swing structure in the 4-hour, maybe the 1-hour, 15-minute. And here, when I'm looking at this, I see that would give me reason to look for longs now that we're seeing this. So we have a break of structure closure on the 4-hour. We came up into this supply.
So we did see our normal retracement. We're not really in a discount of this whole daily range here, but not necessarily I'm going to be too much of a stickler on that. I'm not going to say this is the bottom, but if we look, we came down to this flip zone. So why is it a flip zone? Because it sponsored the break of supply. We had supply over here that sent us down on that. You can definitely see the sell orders came into the market here.
and this demand overpowered this supply so that being said we see the price came back down to this four hour flip zone we'll go to 15 minute
Now, we haven't got what I'm looking for exactly for confirmation here. You could have taken longs down through here. Depends on how you trade. If I'm going to get like swings, I have an alert set for up here. You can't see it because I made it white, but so it doesn't clutter my screen. But if we can get above this swing high on the 15 minute, I'll definitely be looking for some pretty heavy longs on Monero. Now, if you want to be more aggressive, you could have maybe played it down here. You could have said, OK, well.
There's two ways you could have played it. You could have said as soon as we get this internal change of character in this flip zone, and you can do this any POI, but flip zones are pretty strong. Usually if you draw them correctly, a lot of people trip up drawing them, but if you get it right, you can play, you know, this internal one minute structure shift. So if you come here, we had this high right here. We made a new low. We started to change character. I think it was right here because this, we said this.
This high right here really we broke above it. So we made a higher high now. That's right really minuscule Somebody said why can't they hear me in live stream? I don't know. I'm pretty sure everybody everybody else can write So I draw me something crypto chat. I just unmute their mic and let me know you can hear me Yeah, we can hear you my computer's fucked up, but I can hear you on my phone. Okay, cool. Is that crates? I said that I'm not looking
Oh, no, it's not. Crates messaged me and he said he couldn't hear me. Cool. Thanks, Mel. So here we had this first internal break to the upside when we've been seeing nothing but breaks the downside. So we had that first one. You could have, you know, maybe you entered there, stops under here. You can see that worked. Or if you wanted to be a little bit more conservative, you could have been here. And then regardless, this demand zone stops under this candle.
I would have probably still put them under here personally, but this is just for more confirmation. So you can see that whenever we're in a very bullish zone, if you draw these flip zones correctly, we see a very nice reaction of these. You could have even played the third one right there. A very nice entry. Now, I wasn't really watching the charts when this happened.
Been out of the office all day today. But one thing I will say is we never really came back down and filled this demand. The most orders came in right around here. So, you know, if we want to see healthy structure, see how we have right here. And this is how this can translate to all timeframes. We have, you know, push up mitigation. We come back into this demand, push up mitigation. That's what you want to see. So whenever you do this, people think they get left behind and they want to play these higher up order blocks.
And you see what happens. They get in, really didn't even get any highs or any rational profit targets. Maybe you're a scalper and you could have played that, I guess, trimmed here, super tight stop. Not really my style, but we're leaving a lot of liquidity down here, whether it's fair value gaps in the 15 minutes. Yeah, there's another fair value gap here. We did come and fill some of it, but not all the way. Usually these inefficiencies, especially...
These kind of zones get satisfied all the way. So we can say that there's also liquidity under this low. Could be inducement, like inducing early longs. Even people that understand some of our money, they come in here. Oh, fuck, dude. I'm getting in. I'm getting in. And there was an entry there maybe because you came into a POI. Let's see. Go to one minute. Same shit. All right. Bam. Break. That break right there. Came down. Had that break right there.
could have played it definitely could have been profitable if you took profits quick enough you took profits right here could have been a nice scalp so when you're coming into this pois you can take these trades you know you can just see this would have been a nice trade especially if you had a very tight stop
You know, you could have even used, I mean, really, this is where if you're doing it right, you should be able to use this. Maybe take off like a couple pips, just give you a little bit of room. You could have targeted this up here. Very nice trade if you took it like that. You know, in hindsight, that's looking, it's pretty easy. But, you know, if you take this, that would be very, very profitable in 20% of your port in about an hour. But if we're looking for these more swing entries, I think we could look over in this zone.
Now, these would still be scalps and we're still kind of playing counter trend in a way. There's an alarm here, a return to origin or RTO. And you're coming back to that flip zone. So now you're going to get, you know, maybe a better entry down here. If we can just wait and see, also fill this fair value gap. You know, you could, if you wanted to set limits here, you could also wait till we get come down in this zone and then you get this same, same stuff.
This is internal, change the character. Because overall, Monero, in my opinion, is bullish on the high time frames. You're just pulling back. Now, you probably will pull back farther than this, if I had to guess, because you're really nowhere near a discount. But that is not going to count us out for maybe taking some intraday longs or just being able to find nice bounces. Because, for instance, if we...
If we come up, say we form some equal highs up here, up in this area, which we definitely did already. This could be setting up more. I'm actually going to mark that for later. We could sweep that before. We'll see. But if you come down here, you'd have a very clear target because this high failed to make a new low. Now, you might come back up into supply somewhere here and just get shot down, but it's okay. You can still get a trade opportunity from that.
So that was Monero. I think the next one somebody wanted to look at was ETH. Oh, Ethereum. Tell you what, I'll actually just trash my Ethereum chart and we'll just do it together again. So we're looking at Ethereum here. Well, let's do the, this is the one thing that Ethereum's perp chart is fucked up because this one WIC on May 19th, I remember that day, or 17th, sorry. So that WIC fucks it up.
And it's kind of like, you know, is that Flo? What's up, Flo? What's up, brother? How you doing? Good, good. How you been? Good, bro. Got the little one with me. About to do some little Ethan, I was to say. Yeah, yeah. So you probably have the same stuff, I had to guess. I mean, we could say even looking more in depth, we probably have demand in this wick. I believe that was... Hold on, let me know.
And then we have these lows right here, these weekly equal lows. So, I mean, if you ask me, I want these to get cleared. It's just so much liquidity sitting there. You've probably got demand. Let's go on a daily. Yeah, you've got daily demand under these lows. So this is going to make this something I would have more confidence in, in this POI, personally. I think I was looking at 13.77. That would be even better. Yeah.
Somewhere in this wick, I'm guessing? Yeah, there's a right here. Very bottom. Run to our first all-time highs and then sponsor the high-low again. Yeah, like right here.
yeah it's 13 this one's 1379 is what i have so it's probably the same area yes yes and there's liquidity resting just above it as well yeah all these lows oh yeah that'd be beautiful yeah i'd still play it like personally i would still play it at this level like bounces i wouldn't think it's just like you know valhalla entries like at this like what is a six right under 1700 um but yeah i had mark this weekly low um we're about to probably clear this
Weekly high. What's up, Casper? What's up, bro? How you doing? Did you hit London? I got wrecked in that one. Only once, though. It happens. Just learn from it. Got stopped out. So you can see here with the ETH, too. I mean, this is a good example. All the way up from here.
Once we started, even on the weekly and you start to see these internal change of characters, you can anticipate an immense pullback. Now, really up until this point, we would have anticipated for this demand to hold because theoretically on the weekly, I guess you'd say we're in a weekly bullish market because we're still made a higher high, but we have so much liquidity down below that.
i would be more comfortable longing below these levels now we'll see bounces we've already seen bounces at these you know demand zones in these wicks there's gonna be a lot of uh demand on lower time frames whether it's a four hour hour 15 minute you know just look at wicks on higher time frames like um demand zones but you need to refine them um now uh look on the daily
i don't really see like okay let's just say we'll draw demand we can draw this last candle we'll just draw the whole candle so pull this up flow that's what i had somebody said long xmr i was just looking to find something earlier um that's like small as fuck hold on open up my screen like i like my screen split for stream yard and uh play bit
oh yeah so this is gonna be like where we really took off from yeah i like that yeah i mean i'm gonna play structure either way right but um that's where i'm looking yeah as far as a foolish continuation and you could even see that weekly wick down to that and not even um well actually i don't know that's pretty far away i mean you never know but uh yeah
You really could, though. I mean, if all these buy stops, you know, or all these sell stops turn into buy stops, when we come through, we can see that flashback down to like 13, 14. I mean, look right here. Well, not on this one. Parp charts, we did see that last year. Interesting. Interesting. I'm just now seeing the comments on YouTube.
Yeah. Like, so here we're on the daily, you know, we did push down into this zone pretty rapidly and we are forming an inside. Well, this is really way too early to tell. But, um,
Sorry, Sterling, let me know if you want to be unmuted. But now we came into this daily demand here. We haven't really seen much on the daily chart and any kind of signaling any kind of reversal, in my opinion. I mean, that could change, but we did move down into it pretty abruptly, which is what I look for. But just with these weekly targets here, you got to remember, always look at your high timeframes, always be aware.
of where these really obvious areas of sell stops are because nine times out of ten that's going to get taken whether it gets taken you know after you get like a little baby pump where you could catch some you know scallops and stuff you know you can definitely make money off of it like you look right here you know there were moves to have here depending on your style you could have caught something here maybe could have caught something here maybe but the way i look at it you none of these the way i target yeah i wouldn't even really be super interested in them because you know that the moves aren't really
That much and you're trading counter trend Again right above these weekly targets. So, you know, we could see Some kind of bounce here in the four hour
not even no change of character in the four hour on the 15 minute i mean you need a lot to i just yeah you're bare everywhere yeah yeah exactly like you need above this and most likely what's going to happen if you get above this these are just weekly or not weekly sorry equal highs you're just going to see a liquidity grab i mean yeah you know if we come down under this weekly low you know that would maybe so if you see something like okay we make a new low right
So then you have between this low and that new low, whatever high you have there, it's much tighter structure, right? You're starting to at least form some kind of possibility of, you know, retracement back up that actually clears that high. And at this point, I would want, you know, two breaks of structure in the 15 minute before I would really be looking to play Ethereum here. Hourly in the 15 for me. Right. Yeah. And it's just like whatever you use, like some people use just like.
day like four hour i mean it all just depends on your on your strategy but with crypto it's like you have to use more than uh just those high time frames you'll just get left in the dirt really anything confirmation especially if you swing it yeah exactly
That's what happens a lot of the times, especially with these new concepts coming out and everybody learning them. Trying to enter the one-minute ticket to the four-hour supply. You need a lot more for that. If you want to get the one-minute entry for a swing, you're going to need double confirmation on at least one high-time frame, one medium-time frame, and then your lower-time frame. Even then, with crypto, with Forex, I've seen you can hit those more often, but crypto...
You got to really be picky. Yeah. You got to be so picky, man, because, you know, for instance, like some of these, these alts, like you'll have the right TA, you'll just get wicked out. It's just, you know, it just happens. But here with ETH, yeah, I would look for push down below these lows, probably into this demand and then revisit it. That's, that's how I would look at it. I don't really know. I'm looking at the one minute, but yeah, that's really it for me with ETH. Because where you stand right now.
You know, you'd have to break above 18.22 and get a 15-minute closure. For me to say the 15-minute is even beginning to shift bullish. So, yeah, with ETH, maybe scalps, but, you know. Somebody said sand, I think, was the other one. Because I'm actually in sand wrong, so I took some earlier.
it's been kind of choppy i actually drew this harmonic i didn't even notice this when i took it but there's like a perfect bullish bat on the 15 minute which i haven't been playing him lately but i've noticed a lot of times these occur when you're coming down into pois like sharks and bats but um
I did take, I took a little bit off of this fair value gap here. Thankfully, I almost didn't. And I went to sleep last night and I was like, I'm not going to set that TP. I'll just keep it up here. But it's really not looking like super, super hot in my opinion. I took more of a risk entry with this because if we look, let's go like the four hour. So here we have.
I can't remember where this inducement was from. I think it was on a different timeframe. We're pretty heavy in discount. I mean, we are bearish, so it is a counter trend trade. So you don't really, I'm on the daily, that's why. So you don't really want to try to take it to the moon. But what I see here initially, we had the start of the pullback here. We had this pretty clean change of internal structure on the four hour, forming some equal highs above. We came back down and we mitigated orders within this area, filled up all this liquidity within this fair value gap.
Now we've started to see internal structure moving to the upside, except for our retracements back down at a four-hour point of interest. Then we did the same thing. Nice reaction here. And you see this displacement. This is like an ICT setup. We came down under old lows, push up, fair value gap.
You can definitely see the displacement within the market there. And we cleared out with the old and with the new. Say what? Oh, out with the old and with the new? Yeah, it's just the transfer, right? You take out old demand, right, on your old order block that was just mitigated, introduced new demand, and then continue from that. Exactly. And then you look here. We had a nice reaction here off this POI because we had the second to change the character. Whether or however you mapped it, I just used a candle close here.
candle close right there and then you see price come up early longs try to take this demand and this is what i was talking about before with xmr everybody's like oh fuck we missed it we got to take this demand and look what happened you took it and you got really happy and then you got confused and you said this shit doesn't work when in reality you're just not allowing the market to return to where it needs to because yeah you could look at it like um i guess you'd say there's demand here because it pushed us up but you know you want to look at these
very clear levels where where large money came into the marketplace so and usually it's almost always the bottom of your swing or at the top if you're bearish but here we came back down to this poi maybe nice move to the upside created some demand there and then once price came in here those opportunities you could have just taken a confirmation entry whatever but i like sand on the higher time frames i also like
They were leaving liquidity to the upside, and then they have this weak high here on the 15-minute. Now, you know, anything can change at any time. The market can bring it down. It seems like it's wanting to hold above this demand, but we'll see how that one plays out. But overall, I like sand more than a lot of other charts, but everything is pretty bare still, so you've got to keep that in mind.
GMT. What did you say, Flo? Out with the old, in with the new? Yes. So this was what I posted about in Mpix, talking about the introduction of demand and supply. So whenever we see those breaks underneath those lows, a lot of times you'll get in limits, be stopped out, and then it moves your way an hour or two later. And you're like, well, what happened? You know what I'm saying? Everything was right. But when it comes back down,
into your POI a lot of the times you see that liquidity rate and what that does is that takes out those old logs right that were in stops that got in the first pump or people who got in at the top right all that liquidity that they built and they place underneath that first low because they're like this is an OB this is a strong demand zone and it can't go past this it goes past that they now short and then what happens after that right goes
So what this does is it takes out the old liquidity, right? It takes out your old longs, takes out all of that, opens up new liquidity into the market. So now algorithms can now enter larger positions or add to their positions. So in accumulation, you'll see the constant liquidation rate of longs right before that final move as a little example. Well put.
GMT is interesting. I mean, I probably wouldn't catch myself trading this too much, to be honest. It's classic Ponzi, but I mean, obviously you left inefficiencies in the way down due to the other. This is before that. This is whenever the guy got arrested or whatever for being a Ponzi, but I'm sure that there was insiders had, you know, I'm sure they had worries of this, you know, this and that.
This is from the weekly, just internal change of character. You could have said that was your shift to a bearish market on the daily and the weekly. Coming to the four hour, you are in daily demand, but I mean, you've already tapped into it. Doesn't really, really kind of cleared this wick here, in my opinion. I mean, with these alts, it's weird, but in my opinion, I wouldn't want to see that, even if it is just a wick, because the supply is overtaking demand, in my opinion.
You could look like, I mean, yes, you got your break of structure here, you know, but I don't know if I would be longing this one. It's like everybody wants to long like these, like, like some things like you buy the dip on and some things, in my opinion, you don't. This is not really the best price action here.
And if you must, what I would most likely see happening here is this is going to end up just redistribution. You're going to see a push up. People are going to say, oh, there's our daily, or not our daily, our second confirmation. But in reality, you're just, price is just drawing to this liquidity up here. And you're not, and this isn't a healthy move to the upside because you're leaving unmitigated demand down below. You can see how it plays out. But I mean, let's see right here. Got that up there as well.
I don't really see and you could range within this and then see one of these AMD and this is just so sloppy though for me to want to even anticipate anything like that. I load time frame supply in this inside bar. Just see what's up over here. Oh fuck. What did I just do? I know how I did that with my mouse.
Bro, for any of you guys who have, like, a gaming mouse, like, I'm telling you right now, fucking hotkey, if you're using TradingView, like, you can hotkey shift or control. Like, for those of you who use, you're anchoring your tools or you're trying to have straight trend lines, it makes it much easier than having to hit your keyboard. Yeah, I mean, hotkey your templates, too?
That? I don't think so. I don't know how you would. Maybe you can. Yeah, it's already in click anyway. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, maybe, but I wouldn't know how.
Yeah, I mean, with GMT, you can spend time on it, but if you want my opinion or advice, I wouldn't really pay it much mind. It's like Luna after it died, and GMT is dying. It's like we've got hundreds of coins to trade. This is probably not where I'd be placing my attention. But, I mean, I guess general overview, you're bearish as fuck on the high time frames. You are in demand, so...
You could see some form of a relief, but no real signs of that yet. So if you absolutely must look for longs, I would wait for healthy structure reform. We come down and mitigate this zone, some demand down in here. You could say these candles right here. I would look at this one specifically because this is really the end of the sell side being offered in the local range. And then we could look.
you know for a double 50 another double 50 minute confirmation and even then it's risky so that's kind of how i would look at it now then i took dodo and acro off perhaps trx this is another one i wanted to look at i've been mapping it out a little bit lately seems like more and more getting it's getting more bearish this was a daily pic so we look at the weekly
It's interesting because let's go into the non-perp charts. So really when you're on the weekly, it's interesting because if you look, it's another one of those that we really never shifted out of a... Yeah, that was...
Right here is your weekly range. The way I mapped it, you might not consider this a weekly pullback. I mean, I do. It may not look that crazy, but 36% drop in a week is enough for me to consider it a pullback. So you're going to mark it up. You've got your weekly high and your weekly low. So just so you can understand what major range you're playing within.
You could also look at these highs over here, this one specifically, as a weak high. And the reason for that, as of now, is we haven't created a new low. We haven't broken down from this. So you've got this weak high up here above. So you could look for a potential target up there. Even if we are going to shift bearish, you'd probably come up into this supply on the weekly, sweep out that liquidity, and then push the downside. But if we look on the weekly, you've got...
A double internal change of character. You've got that double internal change of character there, which on the daily is going to look like daily breaks of structure. You've got two of them. So then you come back down in here. What demand sponsored that second was the flip zone. So you've got a daily flip zone there. Now we could look for this high to be targeted as well. That's going to be our weak high. It did not create a new low.
So we come down in the four hour. We could be seeing a pullback here. It's not already confirmed yet. If you come under this low right here, like 0.07579, I would consider that you're probably going to start pulling back and possibly come down and clear out these levels. But I wouldn't bet on that just yet. Here's a daily point of interest. Came in on the four hour. Right here, you got the internal first change of character.
That's how you can kind of scale into the timeframes and get these more inside looks, I guess you would say, before they start happening. You wait for them on the higher timeframes. Yeah, I'll do Bitcoin, Luis. So now we could be looking at, okay, we might see, you know, we could say we're going to see a pullback here. So now let's look what these 15-minute, or these...
two breaks of structure looking like look like on the 15 minute and I'm going to switch to my purpose chart now that I did the weekly range just to kind of give you that overview because I've already plotted this. I came up in a zone and you had your initial break of structure the downside or choch of string or swing structure and then you had your second right here. Closures on both of them so you can be pretty confident that they're not going to be those just kind of fake out liquidity grabs.
And it's a shame because I wanted us to come into one of these zones here, and we didn't really tap into either one of them. This is where I was looking to enter some shorts from because if we look here, the first opportunity was up here. I mean, really, if you're super ballsy, the first opportunity was way up here. Then we broke structure to the downside. Supply up here that pushed us down, came up, mitigated those orders, came back down. Looks like you had some fractal supply here from this inside bar, mitigated. I'm not going to leave that marked just for...
lack of clutter. A lot of times I like using these inside bars as my POIs because it just refines it. This is a whole range on the lower timeframes. So if we look here, I just didn't really see a nice entry anywhere in here. I mean, I'm sure you could have probably within this wick, that's where the entry seems to have been, but I didn't plot it like that. I wanted us to come back up to this zone and we still might because if you look, what did this high fail to do?
create a new low so now that we've got this 15 minute shifting bullish we could anticipate that that high is going to get targeted now i wouldn't necessarily long up to there because we are shifting to a bearish market on the you know four hour and 15 minute well i wouldn't say the four hour we haven't really broken structure now here once we come down here what do we see things
pop this over here but we get those two change of character what was the flip zone because we had that initial change supply pushed us back down to mitigate that first zone this is why i like those inside bars because you can see that's that's the last zone where
We really had that push from, so that's where the orders were left behind. So came up here. Seeming to be pretty healthy here, but this is a counter trend idea. We've got some liquidity targets above that weak high. And then also, we'd be coming back up into a really nice opportunity to short, in my opinion. Now, got to let it play out, let it develop. We don't want to rush anything, but this has definitely been on my radar.
Let's go back. See right here on the one minute how we reacted here. You could be just, I mean, really retracing. Because this is where you see that healthy structure here, in my opinion. Now, we are in the one minute, so take it with a grain of salt. But just for the example, we came down into demand. Like Flo was saying, new demand was introduced. Bam came down, new demand was introduced. Bam came down. And same thing over and over again. We're getting this nice structure, closures above, one after another.
coming back down, filling these orders and pushing back up. So, you know, we could, if you wanted to, this is your style, you could look for longs. TRX has been pretty strong lately, but I'm really just going to wait for the shorts. And this would be a nice opportunity. I won't lie to you. But I want to trade with the trend because these shorts are going to pay. If we can get back up here, this is where I'm really going to be interested in Tron.
But I'm liking this more and more as time goes. It's pretty healthy structure, too, unlike most alts where they're really just choppy. But I thought I had an alarm set here. I set an alarm right there. I don't get missed, even if I'm just playing this inside bar. But this is one of my favorite setups. It's forming for some nice shorts. But we all got to be patient and just let it develop.
Now, what was the other one? Somebody said Bitcoin and BNX. I have not even heard of BNX. Bitcoin, I mean, I haven't refined this. I haven't done this in a couple days. Let's see. Let's see this huge institutional candle. We can see that that obviously wasn't. That could have been refined quite a bit. See how that reacted to that zone. That's where we really were. We have this one-minute accumulation here.
There is that initial one-minute break of structure, swing structure, that we obviously had. Actually, you could have probably, depending on how you mapped it, you could have really pushed it down here. That's accumulation right there.
um i mean this i wouldn't really plot it up and chart it but i'm looking at it like low is being manipulated you can kind of just eyeball it i'm not really a huge guy but i would call it accumulation yeah you feel me like i'm not like i think i look but it's fractal so exactly you get your minute accumulations right but your minute accumulation is not going to bring you a 15 minute break of structure exactly it could just bring you up to a mitigation okay
But you can say the main point to draw from this and say, OK, well, there was pride demand in here. But that doesn't necessarily mean like, OK, I'm logging up to this weak high up here. You can't really, in my opinion. So here came up. This is that same scenario with.
i can't remember what coin it was we were just saying early longs came in right here they're probably going to get hurt right here so if we look you know you could say because people that get learned to say oh should we had to break a structure oh second break of structure you know um actually that would be cleaner than up here so you could watch these zones but the way i look at it you've got tons of lows right there and you have unmitigated demand down here and this is all you know um
on the one minute, like Flo was saying. So I wouldn't really, you know, bet the farm on this here. My interest would be in here. If you go in the seconds, I guarantee you could find something nice with this candle. But, you know, you have a lot of inducement going on here. And then also equal lows there. I mean, you're coming down, in my opinion. So what you could do here.
You could wait till price comes down here. Maybe get that internal. I wouldn't play limits. I'll tell you that. If anything, if you wanted to scalp something, you could wait till you see something like this. You come down. You have that internal break of structure. And then you could wait for a second one for more confirmation. And then also, if you look at this, that actually matches up with that demand, that example. So, you know, if you must look at Bitcoin longs, it would be.
right closer to this what is this 28 319 but this is where the high time frames come in and those would be scalps if you look on the so glad i changed my color from uh i'm just gonna do this right now um and that 15 minute point of interest way down here hasn't even tapped but if you look we got equal lows now here on the four hour the other day we had this a lot of buying coming into the market i'm on that death wick but
I mean, you could maybe look at it like a protected low, but I wouldn't. I would look at it like just more liquidity. Let's go to like a one hour. I don't really use this time frame, but you'll be able to see a little bit better. All these lows down here. You could even draw it here if you wanted. You could draw it the lowest low if you wanted. But regardless, you've got some... Why is this freaking candle? Hold on.
right here i mean i guess yeah that low got swept a little bit on perps like a couple dollars but if then you look you want to just pull it over right here it didn't so you get those equal lows you want to stay mindful of the higher time frames then you've got this unsatisfied demand down in here
I think this is where your first 15-minute change of character at all or any low time frame change of character was. Equal lows here. I don't know where this demand was. And then you also have this protected low. Well, not protected low. Swing low. It's not protected. The high would be protected. But you have this swing low. But you got to remember, when we're in a four-hour bear market, you have to assume that since this low failed to produce a new high, that it will get taken.
When you're looking for longs in this market, you can use different logic. I know there's people that are looking at this as accumulation. I'm not looking at it as that or against that. But just basic market structure, we can assume that this high is protected and that this low is weak. So we would look to position ourselves short to take this low in a nutshell. Now, does that mean just short it off of every POI and target the lows of the range? Absolutely not.
But, you know, you could say we're bearish on most timeframes with Bitcoin. I think the 50 minute had one record structure upside if you map it like this. But it's like, you know, over here, it's just not healthy structure. You get that manipulation and then you just get completely obliterated because you're not seeing that healthy market structure. You know, here you could say here was your change of character if you wanted to. And then.
But you could say here was your change of character if you wanted. And then you're coming back down to mitigate internal change of character in the 15 minute. I mean, you just I just see a lot of retail inducement here. But, you know, you could look for that level we spoke about earlier. Once we clear all these lows, clear all this, you could maybe catch some scalps off that. But just keep you have to keep in mind that you are trading against the trend.
and you're close to that high time frame liquidity target. And then ETH, you have to keep them on ETH. Like, yeah, look what we've done with Bitcoin. We've already swept all this liquidity everywhere. ETH hasn't done that. Yeah, what's up? So, yeah, so, like, really with this... Posit operator. Wike off in the building. Oh, my God, composite map. But, yeah, so, I mean...
I just have these marked. I know you guys are like, oh, you have buy side marked above. Yeah, I mean, there is there and I was marking it during different sessions. You could look for that to get taken at some point. I'll leave it here for now. But that's really where I'm at with Bitcoin is it's just not healthy structure. I mean, there's the bull argument, I guess, but it's just, I don't know. I mean, here I will say you could maybe catch some nice because with these setups where you come under those old lows and then you have that displacement.
Also, let's see on like a five minute. It's really not the gaps I would like. I don't know. You might be able to catch some nice little scalps somewhere up into here, but overall, we're still bearish. It looks like a lick grab, my boy.
what are you talking about exactly i see a couple to be honest like this right here boner candle right there yeah yeah it takes out all the early shorters to the left yeah exactly that's a yeah so like takes them out of their shorts distributes exactly before the break is structured to the downside before that internal at the liquid upside and then starts fucking pushing back down big fucking big giant boner candle forces people in the lungs exactly
Yeah, I wouldn't be really trying to force longs at all at this point, or shorts. I mean, if you position yourself nicely already, then great. But I think there's other opportunities that are better. Honestly, about at this point, the only way to trade Bitcoin is the way you do, JL, is no stop loss.
no stop loss yeah now you can run stop losses you can run no you can't i know no i know i'm joking but i took a pretty dog shit entry yesterday i took the play gap with no confirmation i just diamond handed them because then we came up and tapped the two hour supply and then made a distribution pattern yeah dude
Oh, Casper, if you don't mind me asking, what are the... Is there a significance to the white candles? Or is it just for... Inside bars. Inside bars. Yeah, you should get the inside bar indicator. It actually slaps. There's a V2. Oh, that's the one I think I'm using. Yeah, I just started using it, bro. The one I have is...
How do I, like, view which one? That one, they just came out with the V2 of that one, Casper. Is it this one? Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. What is it? IBS V2. I'm glad somebody told me about that shit because, honestly, it helps me, too, like, on an entry. This is the one. This is the one I use. Yeah, I'm using that. That shit's fire. Yeah, we got the same fucking candle colors, though. Holy shit, man. Yeah, my black. Who's it by?
It's like ABC something.
abd.matine there's other ones you can use but i just know what do we even use these for what inside bars well it's just fractal order flow so like an inside bar on a high time frame is just a range within a range right yeah well that and also for internal structure so like for instance depends how you map it way i map it like okay instead of like looking here like okay like which of these would be an internal low well for me this one is the right
that's being aggressive with the actual low and why well this candle did not make a new high after it this candle didn't this it did not force that candle to push through this high so to me that that's not a low because it's just like swing structure like a low has to make a high to be a low
The prior candle is higher, lower than reached. That's why it's an inside bar. And then also, I like using them for supply and demand, too, because, for instance, like here, right here, you could have looked like, oh, here's the POI, and go backtest it every time it's an inside bar, because that's just where the actual order flow happened.
You can refine it always to, like, 15 minutes. You know what I mean? That's what I like it for. I got you. Can you change your characters with that shit, too, with the inside bar? Yeah. Like, a more aggressive thing. Yeah. Like, I played Zek last night for some scalps. It just hit one TP.
Yeah, well, I actually would have hit the other one, but, you know, hit one TP and break even. You got to love it. That's all for you. But I thought I monitored you could have got more entries. I just wasn't sitting there late like that. And then London, you know, I kind of anticipated. What's funny is I almost because usually I wouldn't break even after just that because I think it was just like it was only like two.
2 30 a.m. is when i'm interested in that and then like 5 30 a.m. like so real shit though really like no i'm giving it i'm giving him where i would look at longs yeah yeah like for here i like 30 a.m bro it's like who the 2 30 right i would see that i would see that first as an internal breaking structure and then it caused
more breaker structures right that second after the first i guess i would call that first one a liquidity raid the one that you longed yeah exactly because yeah well this was a one minute like i didn't even do the 15 minute it was just like a little scalp so it was just like as soon as we came into it um yeah yeah it was just it was just like no solid play but but the one thing i literally was here like i was like probably like it was right around midnight after this tp i was in bed on my ipad and i was like uh i was like
Well, I was like, no, I wouldn't set stops to break even. Like, it's not even hit as far as you'd want. And I was like, all right, you're tripping. I, like, literally got out of bed, got on my iPad, set stops to break even. Had you. Yeah, and I'm glad that this happened because it's like, usually if this happens right here, you won't get fucked with those market break even stops. Right. Actually, I moved that. But, yeah, so. And it was a nice little play because with Zach and also the privacy coins right now are really strong. So that was why I also liked it. Go back on, like, the four hour.
Um,
Yeah, it just came into this four-hour demand, 15-minute shift to just one. So it was super aggressive. But I like this liquidity that got swept right here. Came back down into it, just played those. Honestly, right now, if you want to just scalp, one thing I've been realizing is instead of playing like one-minute change of character and swing structure, which if I'm looking to swing something, I want to have like, you know, be in like a four-hour POI, 15-minute double break of structure, one-minute double break of structure, play the flip zone.
but if i'm looking to scalp something especially at these counter trend moves if you wait for that oftentimes you like you're not gonna get those you're not gonna really be able to hold them like you want so i just like playing the one minute internal structure changes so i was like right here and i won't really usually play like just oh it's like oh we got two i want to wait until um everything gets mitigated you know what i mean like say if this didn't happen i wouldn't have even touched it but i like once we start to see this
Push like that. Bitcoin looks ready to grab some fucking 27.9 liquidity. Oh, she looks so geared up for 27.9. I've never even heard of this. Oh, that's a bull flag right there. I drew a cup and handle. Straight upward.
So, I mean, you know, I guess you'd say, if you want to, if you must, your daily range. Keep the USDT, I think. Oh, yeah. I'm such a perp demon. No, I feel you. Okay, bet.
Oh, boy. That's a big ol' cupping handle. Long. Stop loss, 30% below. That long. I will say I won't hate on motherfuckers. I guarantee if they did take, if they took something here, I mean, fuck it, if it works, but... What's funny is, like, look at this, too. Look at that.
Oh, shit. No, but, yeah, I mean, I guess, theoretically, you could say, really, here, when you get that closure, I guess, depending on how you map swing structure, or even if you went all the way up here, this is probably more likely.
and then you got that you can't really say it's liquidity this is where like the shit coins get weird because like you know i'm not gonna i mean i don't know depending on how you trade you might say that's your flip zone but i wouldn't have touched i mean whoever did ate off of it but you know you just this isn't healthy you have so much down here you actually got a formed breaker
You said I formed a breaker. Yeah, you got a very breaker. Nah. But where you drew your line from, I could see where it touches. Nah. Where you drew that line, you're left.
yeah right there bro that's a breaker you can you can see where we uh that where we just tapped it on the 16th 17th yeah you flip that supply into demand it looks like yeah see i mean usually like one thing i've noticed too is 90 of the time like the breaker block you will almost always be able to find it as just that second that second breakup structure flip zone because you could draw like like i i used to just draw it like this you know but
I've found that with crypto, at least most alts, like I like doing it more like this because first of all, oftentimes they're the same because especially if you draw this like fractal, because you could draw just the order block because that's how that's originally taught. But oftentimes you can draw, you can see that it didn't even react to this down here. It reacted up to this, which where the actual supply was within the wicks, like on the lower timeframes. But came up in there. I mean, if anything, this would look bullish to me.
But, you know, I'd be, I mean, you really got your pullback, I guess. That was your pullback. Fill that gap, everything except this right here. We could look for these to get targeted. 144. I wouldn't, you know, I wouldn't really be hitting it here, but let's see. Damn, what the fuck is this coin? Hey, I've been hearing how people were talking about this in the chat. Really? I still haven't seen any of it.
It's not healthy though. I guess there were entries here depending on how you took it. High time frame risk entries, but here you really never came back down to where I would have much interest in it. Honestly, it'd probably be either this wick or this whole zone right here. Somewhere in there.
Can you look at XMR? Yeah, yeah. Actually, I'll go back. That's what I started with. I actually did come back down into it here, didn't I? I wasn't looking far enough. I actually have an entry in that position right now, so I was just curious.
This shit actually is not that terrible. That's a sexy re-tap right there. You know what I'm saying, bro? That's like what you want. What the fuck is this coin that's just like over here just giving this price action? I've never even heard of it. Hang back with that sexy three-tap in that demand zone.
you got that fair value gap there i mean i mean honestly this is not like this is like i'll actually say is it the same if it three taps his own is that's just more confirmation right or no um i mean not necessarily yeah the right three tap
like you can get that can go like like for instance if you see like like a triple bottom or something like don't look at that the same way but like if you see this like the structure where it starts to form this like you know what i'm saying yeah that would be a schematic to accumulation
I saw this reaccumulation after we took out the lows. Uh, suck my dick, loser. That's schematic too. This dude talking about schematic too. Patterns and shit, bro. You a pattern trader? Yeah, I'm a pattern trader. You a pattern trader? Yeah, I'm a Wycock trader. That's tough. That's tough.
Just throw pictures on the chart and long. Here, what I'd look for, it's like signs of a pullback. Like you could look for like this internal structure to break here. Actually, I guess technically, now they're equal, it looks like. Then, you know, depending on how, this is pretty wicky. You know, you could probably find some kind of supply either in this candle or in these wicks. I mean, again, it's pretty choppy, but let's see if I can just, I'm just curious.
Oh, you're looking for 1,300 to get tapped, my boy? Flo? Yeah, that's what he was saying earlier. 1,377? If we get there. I'm saying that's a POI if we get there. It's all going to be market structure, bro, but I'm looking at 1,679. I'm going to wait until price comes here. If we come down here and I get a one-minute internal...
I'll probably scalp and then I'll take profits quick, but I'll wait for a one minute break. I would long this, bro. You're looking ugly AF. Yeah. I kind of like that bandage chart. I do too, bro. I was expecting something terrible. Look at the daily just recent swing structure. Look at that. It's nice and clean. It's healthy. I see this getting taken.
That's kind of fire. I mean, it'd be a low risk anyways. You know, if it goes, it goes. If it doesn't, it doesn't. It's whatever. Exactly. I'm actually going to add this to my... Look at Algo lurking in here on his phone. Muted. I'm on my iPad watching Obi-Wan. Iron Mike! Shut up, Algo.
What is XRP? I told people to watch XRP earlier. Oh, it did react nicely to this zone. Well, I would have had amazing luck with XRP. Yeah, XRP is clean, bro. But it's probably going to dump here. That is a coin I will never free up. XPR. Oh, yeah, XMR for... XPR, bro. XPR.
Wait, is XRP not the Bitcoin one? Ripple, right? Yeah, they're Ripple. Oh yeah, Monero. With Monero and the weekly, you're in a huge fucking range. Yeah, you could have said it's a break of structure. I'm not going to look for Wix on a weekly fucking chart to confirm that. But you came back down in, satisfied this demand, found this inside bar. You haven't really got a weekly change of character, so at that point you go to the daily.
Here, you know, you could look at this. You could say one change of character.
And then, I mean, it's just internal, it's in the daily. So we go the four hour to get a cleaner look. When I look at the four hour, I mean, you could look at it, depending on how you chart, I mean, you could look at this as your swing high and low. But I mean, if you look at the way this price action moves, it's pretty tight. Like it almost reminds me of some Forex charts. So you don't have to have these enormous retracements. And you can see that we came back here, a lot of supply was introduced to the market here.
especially you know if you look here the inside bar again we look what flipped this zone right it was this one right here the four hour flip zone so um we are super high up in premium though of this price swing you know you could draw it internal whatever you know different time frames but regardless i mean it's not the best area for um
you know, for swing longs, but I could see an opportunity here. I think we're on the 15 minute, came back down to that four hour.
You saw a nice push up. I mean, you can't always say we even had an internal change of character here because this would have been your high up here. Each candle, if you notice, broke the prior candles low. Then here was your low. We kind of came up, but we didn't really do much except it could be just mitigating supply found of this in this inside bar. We did leave equal highs. So how I would handle this, we left to have this liquidity down here in this fair value gap. What I would do here, you can look at the one minute.
This is more for scalping. But I wouldn't just set limits just because you are just on the one minute and the 15 minute has not switched yet. You come back down, see these mitigations, and then at this zone, you have this demand. And again, it's on the one minute. You have this fair value gap. You also have stops under this low. So the way I would attack it is just wait until you come under, or not under, but into this zone, and then get this kind of structure. And then be very...
very aggressive with your targets. But I will say XMR has been moving nice, strong lately when we do, whether it's scam pumps or not, you just got to target internal liquidity along the way. Fair about your gaps. You got fat on a 15 minute. Don't get greedy, but I can see it.
Like, for instance, here, you might have a target there if we just continuously push down from here. And then whatever internal highs in the one minute you had. But a lot of times, the objective is to really get a tight entry where you can have these very, very tight stop loss, like 20, 50 pip stop losses, and then you can just be in and out of the move. Because, I mean, at the end of the day, it's all about risk-reward. Like, percent really doesn't.
mean anything as far as percentage of your P&L, in my opinion. For instance, looking in hindsight, I can't tell you I would have done this, but let's just say you'd taken this, stopped under the most recent, turn a low, give yourself five pips. So I do with crypto, you'd have literally just been able to target this high, and that right there is 9% of your portfolio in about 10 minutes or less, whatever. That's what I would try to put, just very aggressive in and out, because you are coming back to these zones.
But definitely get that double confirmation about the internal change of character. Well, on that note, I'm going to hop off here. Usually I would stay on longer, but my girl just got home and... Wait, what is this? Divine just texted me.
I'm going to go kick it with my girl, my little one. I appreciate you guys. If you're trading this weekend, best of luck. I would be eyeing some setups. Personally, I like this XMI, that BNX. Keep an eye on BNX, XRP, and then watch Tron, but more so for shorts. I think it's going to take some time to develop there.
Anyways, I appreciate you guys as always. If you got any questions, just at me in chat, DM me, tweet me, comment on YouTube, whatever. Until Monday, I'll see you guys later. Thank you for the stream, brother. Of course, man. I appreciate you too. I'll see you guys.
