Oh, wow. Now I can, you can hear me in here. I just added myself to the, wow. I hadn't added, I use like a streaming client. There we go. Oh, wait, that's Terp Talk. That's right. Anyways, sorry about that guys that are just on YouTube.
The same setup we had whenever we came back into this daily supply. And remember, we're trying to use high time frame zones, and then we use low time frames for confirmation. So here, we came up into this high time frame supply.
instead of just shorting off of the order block, right? When you're on the higher timeframes, you want to use these zones as reference, as a point of interest. You don't want to just set a limit on a daily order block and set a stop loss above the recent high. Although, that would have worked here. It would have. But your risk reward would have been terrible. For instance,
You would have been looking at this right here, you know much less 2 to 1 really which is not even a good trade So in order to refine this rate what we do is we use the high time frames
to find points of interest, aka internal or external range liquidity. So whenever you're above an old high on the high timeframes or you're in a zone of supply or demand, if you're looking to go long, we then wait for price to push into these areas of liquidity. We scale in. So you can use the four hour. In my experience, I like using the one hour better than the four hour. And sometimes it takes...
a long time and you can use the four hour but for instance here on the four hour you kind of waited quite a long time and really um you didn't even get an entry if you waited because i mean your first change of character was here actually you did and you got an entry up here right down here but you can see that that's much uh much less of a good entry than we got using the one hour um now
I won't go into this too much because we've covered it quite a bit, but the point of the story is the same change of character here, break of structure, return to origin of that move, swept up any extra liquidity, and then moved to the downside. If we look down here, seeing the same thing right here. Price came up into this hourly order block, did not stay there for long. You don't really have time for a change of character. I mean, I guess you could say here is your change of character, break of structure.
instant, just, price was just pissing. And this is not good for bulls. This kind of displacement off of this area of supply is just not what you want to see if you're hoping that this is accumulation. And that was, we talked on the last stream, I was like, oh, I kind of got to see how we react to this, and we did not react how I wanted it to. So, that being said, along with many different macroeconomic factors,
just TA itself. I don't really like the way Bitcoin is looking. I mean, I've been saying it looks bad. Let me go on a different chart. But a lot of crypto now, the more I'm starting to look at it, I think that we're going to see some blood. Now, do I think that it's just crypto is dead or something? Definitely not. But do I think that we're probably not...
We haven't put the bad times behind us just yet, I don't think. So for instance, if you draw the major trading range, because before I'd kind of drawn it from here, because I guess we had a slight price swing that resulted in the breakup structure, the downside. But really looking at it, I mean, if you're looking at the daily, this wasn't, technically there's a swing low right there. I would call that a swing low. But in the grand scheme of things, the major price swing and the major highs are up here at 52K. When you draw the lines like this,
the levels like this, you see that price pushes down. We established this range, right? So between these highs where we established that range and then prices kind of playing around. And where is price having a problem staying? In premium, which if price reaches a premium and immediately is sold off, what does that tell you that intentions in the market are?
So from that standpoint, we then not only do we have just the kind of at a glance look that Bitcoin is pushing into premium, getting sold off, pushing into premium, sold off. Now we've ran stops right here. That's what all this was was just a stop run, scam pump, if you want to call it that. And then not only that, but we are in a zone of supply.
Then what price shifted trend and that's why we enter those shorts
Now, there's a good reason why I didn't just take all of those shorts. If I thought, if I was just for sure that this was a retracement, I would be all the way out of shorts. Why leave money in the table? But I don't think, I wish I would have left more in them. But, you know, relative to the zones that I was using, I just, I remember using, I think there was an order block somewhere over here I used. Because whenever you're in the external area of the range and you use external liquidity to enter a trade, which is what we did, we came up, ran stops.
Now, internal to the major range, yes, it was internal to the daily range, but to the recent trading range we were in, we came up above it.
ran all the stops, any buy stops, any stops on shorts were ran. Liquidity was swept and we had confirmation. So at that point, since we're using an external range of liquidity to enter, we're going to target internal range liquidity, which I want to say there's a four hour order block right there. Yes, there was right here. So that's why I use the next big zone of internal range liquidity that I saw.
as a final TP. But soon after really dissecting price more, once we were down in this zone, I was like, I'm not even going to take all of these. So we decided not to take them. And it's a good thing we didn't because now we can see price the same exact scam kind of pump here. So if we draw all of this, I remember this is from the four hour over here. Let's go to the daily. Maybe we'll be cleaner on the four hour.
If you look, it's not exact. I get it. The price kind of took a little longer to do its thing, but you see price came down, made kind of a selling climax, if you will. Those stops were ran.
Then we came up, mitigated the supply right here. And in the end, we just ended up in a stop run. And that may or may not be easy for you to see on that fractal. That's not the most clear as day one. But if you're looking at it from a perspective of actual price structure or not, yeah, it doesn't lay into it like a piece to a puzzle like we found before. But at the end of the day, it's showing the same structure.
So now what? We come back down into this zone. And remember, if we draw this major zone, we could plot this. We're always going to want to be mindful of where we're at. So we're right under equilibrium. So when price, you're leaving supply at equilibrium. This is similar to whenever we have bullish setups. I think this is what we thought was going to happen here.
But what happened? We didn't break major structure. This looked like it was maybe going to be the order block to where we just flew. Everybody was bullish. But we didn't. We didn't come up. We didn't get close to 52K. And we're leaving that liquidity up there for later. Who knows? Maybe after we actually can start to accumulate here. But I don't think that that's what this is as of right now.
Price comes back down. More fake accumulation. There were some longs here, some really good longs. Remember, because we can always take those trades, and here we have another setup, just like we took the shorts from an external range. We come out, sweep the external liquidity here. If you scaled in, if you are paying attention to this, we had...
Here's a lower high, lower high, higher high. That's your change of character. Broke that structure. Play off the order block that sponsored the break of structure, and that would have given you a 17.5 to 1. Very easy trade. Just had to be paying attention. Also, you can use in confluence. I know that this indicator is actually really useful because using these sessions, if you know how to use them, is extremely, extremely...
to your advantage because when you're looking at stop runs oftentimes stop runs occur during the london session so very if you back test it and this is this is forex principles but back test it on bitcoin or any majors just watch what baby hold on one sec guys this this fucking kid bro she's funny she's again she said it's an emergency so hey can you change what i'm watching
Anyways, where were we? Oh, yeah. You can use these sessions to your advantage. Say if you're looking at a potential stop run and you maybe need some extra confluence. Well, okay. We go to 15 minutes so you can see. We came back down into this liquidity pool, right? Any air prices trading under recent lows, major swing lows.
so price came back under here what did everyone do oh my god we're breaking down i'm gonna fucking short bitcoin we're breaking we're going to 35k no it was london open this is prime time for a reversal so what happened london reversal in new york expansion i mean like butter and then just like how we were using and we used external liquidity up here above an old high and we targeted internal liquidity in that order block you would do the same thing and you would have had external and external entry
targeting internal liquidity. Now you could have taken this farther or whatever. That's how you would trade this. That's how you should trade it. Now, from there, what happened? We came back up into supply and like we went over, extreme displacement price pushed. I mean, it just completely pissed here. Volume is super volatile. It's not really a sign of accumulation. You don't want to just try to be...
always hopeful and always positive just because it's crypto. You have to start to look at things for what they are and you can make money. I promise. Shorting crypto is fun when it works, right? I don't think, I don't remember the last time I've swung shorts for as long as we have. It's been almost two weeks we've been just swinging shorts on Bitcoin. That's just crazy. Or I'm sorry, not two weeks, almost three weeks that we've been just swinging shorts on Bitcoin and I'm comfortable doing it. Now,
With that being said, let's take a look at Luna. What's she doing, actually? Let me turn my thing back on. It's kind of showing. And also, another thing, too, we are in the Tokyo session right now, so you can expect price.
Sorry, I left this out a second ago. In the Tokyo section, you can almost always expect price to return back to an area of equilibrium. Now, it's kind of tricky how that works. Maybe it's an area of equilibrium on the high timeframes. You can kind of backtest different coins. For instance, this is about the same. I just do it on a four-hour. If I'd have drawn on a 15-minute, it's pretty similar.
Tokyo session, especially on a Friday too, you have to understand that there's not going to be as much volume over the weekend. A lot of institutions shut down. So you can still expect the sessions to play their role, but it may not be as impulsive and exciting. Usually I wouldn't enter trades over the weekend, but I really like Luna. So I'm going to break it down for you.
So on the daily timeframe, we've engineered liquidity, the downside in the form of these equal lows. And now we came back up into the high timeframe supply as demand on accident.
We came up with a high time frame supply. I could have drawn on the daily, but instead I wanted to go into a four hour. We have this order block and it's similar to that Bitcoin trade, right? We don't just trade off the high time frame order block, especially when we're trying to short. It's just, just don't do that to yourself. You'll wonder what you did wrong when you just had a bad entry. Now, when we're looking for reversals, we want to look for liquidity to be swept. Just like whenever we're playing longs, we want to be buying it under an old low or selling above an old high.
Or if we're not selling above the old high, we're using TA from above the old high. So for example, we came above this high right here. That's going to be your first stop run. Let's give it a 15 minute.
So, first stop run. Look at that. London and New York. We cleared these highs and also all the way over here. These major highs. This is where the early shorts got clapped. That's why you don't just short early because if you just shorted this order block, your limits were here. Your stop loss is above this high. What happened? You got swept. You tried to play liquidity, but you became it because you were impatient because there was no change of character in the low time frame.
First stop run, and this is what you're going to call a double sweep. So we came back above that first high, the recent highs, and also the major highs over here before expansion to the downside on the first stop run. And then what happened? You even got a change of character. If you went on the five minute, probably. Let's see. So in the first change, so you had...
So here we had, you know, higher low. First was a lower low. And here was your, you know, quote confirmation. So what happened? Why didn't it work? Well, you were not cleaning up all of the high timeframe liquidity. And this is why I stress to everybody, pay attention to what's going on and look left on the high timeframes. Because look at this, we had equal highs just before this.
Right here. Those are gonna have to get swept all that's liquidity being waiting to be swept so Now we've swept the recent highs and these highs over here and everybody that was really Oh, yeah, I'm gonna short Luna. I'm gonna short Luna They didn't really get a change of character in that second or this stop run up here. That would have been a great entry Even after that
than the last stop run. So what happened here? Remember, we're going to the one hour. We don't want to do this on a four hour always. We don't do it on a five minute either. I started on the one hour. We got our change of character. So we had our... Let's go ahead and just plot this out. And I see a lot of people messing up swings. For instance, a lot of people will draw too many. So for instance, here you have your high.
You're low high low
And I would say this is a high, moved pretty impulsive off of it. You see the body, the liquidity was being swept, the body of the candle. This is a higher time, well, a one hour, wouldn't call it a high timeframe, but a lot of price or a lot of liquidity was swept up during price action that one hour. But here we have our change of character, right? That first change of character was right there. So this is where you're just starting to maybe even think to enter. And this is why you want to wait for...
Your second break of structure for confirmation. Say if you just enter this first change of character. Now, I'm sure that this change of character was actually the second break of structure to a lower time frame. People trying to jump the gun at the stop run. And this was a good setup, right? You had a liquidity pool. You were above a four hour high. You were above supply. It was like a dream trade. But what people failed to do was wait.
until they came onto the hourly chart and got that change of character or a break of structure to confirm the change of character. So finally, we get that first lower low. And what are we doing? Absolutely nothing. We wait. And then what does price do again? It goes up into the London session and we have another stop run. So liquidity is being swept.
up from above, right? This buy side liquidity is being swept. So whenever buy side liquidity is being manipulated, highs are being manipulated, you're looking more for downside because we're juicing up to make a move to the downside where we have done what? Engineered high timeframe liquidity and the formula is equal lows. So back to the 15 minute. After we have our confirmation, this break of structure,
We didn't get the best, craziest entries. We could have even got better entries. If I would have been paying attention here.
Yesterday, which I wasn't, I plotted this out today, but whatever, you had this low timeframe order block right before the break of structure to the downside. This was your confirmation. So remember, we play the confirmation, right? So once we, you can play a one hour, but if you really want to refine your win rate, you wait until price came up into the supply and did what? You went to the 15 minute.
So then what did price do? So you have your, let me turn this off because it's getting a little cluttered. So when you came to the 15 minute, you had a low, higher low, change of character, established that low, and then what? You broke structure. So here is your confirmation. And whenever things get a little blocky like this, like there's not many candles, I would just go into the five minute. And either one of these worked. For instance, you had an order block right here.
Obviously that worked. You didn't get stopped out. Wicks were up here. But what would have been even better is if you went in the five minute and found this order block. And this is how you can really refine your win rate because this trade could have looked like this.
And we're still going to have the same TPs on the higher timeframe because, remember, we found this trade using higher timeframe points of interest. Just because we're using the low timeframes for entry doesn't mean you're not going to still target the same areas. It's just going to give you a much higher risk to reward. Now, it's kind of a double-edged sword trading like this because I think that people, when they start doing it,
They force those high R trades and they end up getting stopped out. And remember, regardless, we're losing the same amount of money on a trade, whether the stop loss is 0.5% or if the stop loss is 5% because we're sizing our positions according to our stop loss. So it's not like you're going to lose less. It's the potential of making more. And the potential of making more is always a dangerous perspective whenever you're trading because it induces people to be more risky.
Now, even with this trade, you have to look at the downside. Now, when I look at this, I'm like, you know, this could still go wrong. Who knows? Right. Nothing's ever perfect ever. It's just not Luna. Another thing, Luna, you got to be careful with is that whales are moving money from other cryptos into Luna to mint stable coins.
So if we really are moving towards a bear market, so to speak, I promise you whales are moving their money. They have been moving their money to stable coins. If you see, let's go look at coin market cap. Terra's, I don't know why it goes on magic every time. Let's just see Terra USD's market cap year to date. Hold on, overview, we do market cap. Look at that. Yeah, and that's not only because I think we're in a bear market, but if you look since January, I mean, it's up.
What is that went from 10 billion to?
17, we've almost doubled. So remember, that's why Luna is on this parabolic spur is because people are buying it to mint UST. So that's another thing you got to be mindful of whenever you're shorting Luna, especially if you're bearish in the rest of the market. Now, in my opinion, a lot of the money's already been moved. I don't think that there's just endless money to get moved to stable coins. I do think there's probably a lot more. And when you really look at the daily chart, so remember, we can have daily changes of character too.
which really, when you look at it, remember we went on the four hour and did it, but we have a low, a higher low, higher low, change of character, established low, break of structure. Now, that got violated, and this is why I think it's important. Well, actually, if you really look at it, this would probably be your change of character up here. It would have been the same as the four hour.
Actually, we'll see. That's weird because you never really establish a swing low after this impulsive break. That's why sometimes the daily with crypto is a little... It's good for establishing ranges and a general bias, but at the same time, it can be a little slow, if you know what I mean. You can kind of get left behind waiting. But we're seeing the same price structure with...
With Luna as we are Bitcoin, it's not as bad as Bitcoin, but we're almost sweeping more liquidity with Luna.
So it's interesting to see how this one plays out. Now, BNB, on the other hand, I took, and the reason we had such a small stop loss with this one is because, for instance, we only had one stop run with BNB. We had our change of character, our break of structure, and we never really returned up to the hourly order block. But the thing is, we didn't accumulate down here. We had more distribution. We had more confirmation. So change of character, break of structure.
Same price structure playing out. We're getting lower lows, engineering more liquidity to the downside. I did want to keep a tight stop. And even if this gets stopped out, I'll look for more shorts up in this zone. But that's why I wanted to keep a tight stop. I waited for this five-minute confirmation. We had a 15-minute. Here's the order block. Waited for price to come up into this order block, trade into supply. So once it did, trade into supply.
Change of character.
And then break of structure after filling up the gap in supply, leaving another order block, mitigating it. So we're seeing bearish price structure kind of just pushing us down just like a stairway to hell, which is what we want for these shorts. But I wouldn't, you know, BNB, I think still has a lot of liquidity above. It's going to be an interesting one. Regardless, I'll be looking for shorts on this. And for one, BNB is just one of the most.
overpriced, overvaluated fucking assets in history. Literally the market cap to total value locked or the total value locked to market cap is five to one. It's like 5.3 to one, which is like fucking ridiculous. That's, that's insane. Like Ethereum isn't even that big. Like, and BNB is a fucking worthless chain for it's for, for DeFi.
The only good thing about buying BNB is you're like investing in Binance. But to even call what they have DeFi, it's just, you just don't understand what DeFi even means because they have fucking 21 nodes. Visa has more payment processing nodes than BNB. So when people call it DeFi, it's just funny to me. Like there's nothing decentralized about cake. It's not.
Stupid. It's just not. But I think that it's super overvaluated. And also the daily chart looks rough on BNB. So when we draw this trading range, it's similar to Bitcoin. We're having trouble staying above equilibrium. As soon as price reaches a premium, it's sold off. First time sold off, break of structure. Cleared out these lows. We've got a lot of liquidity down here. All this down here. Tons of stop losses there.
Tons of stop losses here more equal lows here So that's why even if we see price kind of pushed back up into this area. I'll look for Reentry on this, but when you look at the four hour even we had the change of character a while ago on the four hour So if you look I mean I would really call this the main swing is that I'm sorry That's the break of structure change of characters here
The high that was established from that price swing is going to be down here. And then when you look at that high time frame supply, and it looks like we cleared out these equal highs. And this is why it's getting super manipulated, which is good if we want volatility. I don't think it's going to be in the way that most people want it to be, though.
um we're cleaning up quite a bit of buy side liquidity seeming like we want to push more to the downside which i'm fine with with bnb i'm just reading this now it says what's the indicator called the session please it is forex market sessions it's by boy talkie you literally just have an fx market sessions it should come up
And then, so I said, so are you saying in a bear market, we might see Luna pump high prices, but wouldn't be affected by Bitcoin? See, that is a good question because I think leading up to now, that's what we've seen. But do I think that's just endlessly going to continue? Definitely not. It might hold more stable than the rest of crypto, to be dead honest.
Another thing we got to remember, too, is Luna is buying billions of dollars worth of Bitcoin to implement the Bitcoin standard. And they're using it as a reserve. So now I think we might see.
price move with Bitcoin a little more. Also, you got to remember a ton of money has flown into UST. Now, it's not like the majority of, you know, people are buying Luna to buy Luna. So I don't know. It's an interesting one. Like I said, I'm interested to see how it reacts. Looks like we're doing exactly what I want us to do here. Yeah. And see, and for instance, like this right here, we're starting, we're just seeing fractal price. So here we had a little bit of reversal, higher, low, higher, low, lower, low.
Broke that low, left this order block, price trades into it.
Probably too soon to call it yet, but it looks like we're reacting pretty nicely. So we're seeing this fractal bearish price structure, lower highs. We're seeing displacement whenever we reach these zones of liquidity. Volume, like I said, is not going to be crazy on the weekends. Pretty inconsistent here, but you can see we're making a lower low or a lower high with any of these pumps, which means we're sweeping up liquidity down below or reaching for or engineering it.
Or we're just mitigating internal range before pushing down. And so you look at that. So we'll see how these play.
I'm probably going to look for some more shorts once we're either in profits in these or kind of have de-risked ourself because you don't want to get crazy with shorting crypto because that shit can do whatever the fuck it wants. Chilling in Bitcoin, BNB, and Luna shorts is good for me right now. It's a shame that I am looking at the market in a pretty rough state. Now, do I think that we're just going to die to like fucking 10K or something? Not necessarily.
But I do think that we're going to come down and test. The first target, really, for Bitcoin is going to be under this 37.5, under these lows right here. Similar setup to what you're looking at in BNB. They're not totally equal, but you've got a lot of stop losses under there.
At that point, we'll probably look for some relief longs to mitigate daily levels. We'll be able to trade this. It's actually going to provide for some really nice setups. And it's going to also fuck a lot of people up that don't know how to trade, which for us is a good thing because we capitalize off. That's how we enter trade. So I wouldn't be too worried about it.
I'm going to wait to buy any more equity until we get under these lows. And I'm not going to be buying anything that I don't have conviction holding all the way to zero. And do I think that's going to happen? No. But this is not the time to be buying total shit coins. And, you know, a lot of these coins, any of you guys who've been here for the last bull run, I know, Algo, you are like, you can tell these people, literally, I'll go ahead and tell you, like, go to your crypto futures watch list. I was looking at it.
I could say a lot of these that I think we'll probably never see their highs again.
Some of them I'm probably wrong on. Some I'm right. But I promise you that not all these coins are valuable coins. So if you're dip buying, make sure you're buying stuff that you really have done your research on and you believe in it enough to hold it to zero. Obviously, that's not going to happen. But once you're fundamentally convicted in something like I can hold Ethereum for years and just not sell it because I have faith that it's going to come back to where it's at or better. And do I think that?
crypto is just going to have a crazy bearish like you know insane just run down a 10k no i don't think that i think that if anything we're probably going to just need to push down and clean up some more liquidity and there's so much bullish news going on right now to this and i even said this on twitter you guys can fucking fact check me um but
We started seeing all this bullish news like every fucking business is accepting crypto or like partnering with making a metaverse. There's just so much shit where it's like it's the same thing as whenever you see tons of bearish news like JP Morgan saying Bitcoin is a scam and all of this other shit. It's the same thing and it's excellent quickly. And you can kind of look at it like, OK, you start to sound a little paranoid. I know I do, but.
I mean, just look at it. It's not that far off. Like, okay, all the news is bullish. Usually that makes me look to be bearish. Now, it's not that linear. Like, you're not just going to say, oh, you know, we're...
We have bullish news. I'm going to short. That's not how you do it, but you take everything. Trading is a synergy. It's confluence. It's understanding everything that's going on and being able to make your decision based off of everything, being aware of everything and not influenced emotionally by anything. And it's hard to do that, but that's kind of where I'm at with crypto. So I know I've been going on for like a minute on that, but do you guys have any coins you want me to do?
just let me know and um we'll get into it just drop them in crypto chat let me see if you have dropped any oh yeah there's a couple it looks like um oh thank you oh wait that was way earlier actually somebody said goat i was like oh thanks i haven't opened my discord in a while i was like 2 30 p.m i was like what did i do
If you guys have any coins, what indicator is that? Hunter, which one are you talking about? Also, bringing up indicators, I found this one. It's called Order Block Finder. It's cool. I know Fraser's going to make one. His will probably be way better than this. But for those of you who are just learning...
these are it's pretty good it just kind of spots ob's and i've back tested it and it's pretty on point i won't lie um there are some where i kind of like but like you look it has a lot of the ones that i have charted now this is where we can see some crazy longs but um super order block i haven't seen that one
But Hunter, to answer the question, there's Forex Market Sessions. I think that's probably what you were asking about. But it's by Boy Talkie. If you just type in Forex or FX Market Sessions, it's this good. It's super useful. You have to change the settings a little bit. I think Playboy is the one who found it. I'm pretty sure I found it by a post he had put somewhere. I'm sorry, I could be wrong, but it's super useful. And if you back test it, don't always use it with like...
um some of these uh the you know super low cap alts always but at the same time um you know a lot of does what bitcoin does so so be mindful of that like here where was it oh earlier today i wanted to trade um what's oh yeah this is where i wanted to trade uh
AXS, and I was looking at this as a stop run, and I kind of psyched myself out. I was like, okay, you know, last night stops definitely got ran after this major stop run. And this one I was looking at, okay, well, this was during the London session, so I consider this a stop run. And if you go back and use your change of character, all that, I won't bore you with the details, but you can see what happened there. Price came back down, and we're stacking this bullish price action, and I wanted to take longs right here.
This was around the same time I was getting the shorts. I was like, ah, yeah, this price run or stop run right here, we took out these equal lows. We were in New York session. So I thought, damn, well, we could just keep dumping. I was like, oh, I'm not going to take it. But psyched myself out of a good trade right there. And it doesn't always have to be. Just because you're looking for a stop run, don't say like, oh, it's not London session. It's not what it is. Because that's kind of what I did. And now I'm like, damn, you could have had.
Super fucking solid trade right here. You know, tire the order block and butter, but it's okay. It happens. Just always look back and be really mindful and aware of what you're doing. Like when you're charting stuff, like for instance, whenever I was charting Luna earlier, I sat there and charted that shit for 30 minutes to an hour. Really dissect what you're doing, even if you're not going to take a trade on it, because getting your hands dirty like that and understanding what's going on and
maybe not understanding what's going on and being able to go back and reflect on it, that's how you're actually going to learn. I can teach you all the shit in the world in these streams. I can tell you whatever. You can go read whatever, but you're going to learn more by doing at the end of the day. And sure, you might take some losses. That's why I always encourage to be super, super conservative with your risk manager when you're starting. And just go back and really just dissect price and start to understand it because the sooner you do that,
the more confident you're going to be. Like if you go back and chart this out and like next time this happens, I'm going to trade it because I look back and go, okay, I remember that one time I was doing the same thing and I psyched myself out. Trust your TA and take the trade.
Another really important thing I want to touch on that I've been seeing a lot of problems with is how do you make your price targets? Because I see everybody just like, for instance, a lot of people would have taken this and they would have just been like, oh, where's our four-hour order block?
You know what I mean? They would have been like, oh, dude, we're going up. You see what I mean? A lot of people do that. I've noticed that. And that's not how you would have done that. Why? Well, remember, you're using...
External liquidity was your TA. So the original TA was from a stop run. So that's going to be external range liquidity that you're using to trade. Just because you didn't enter there doesn't mean you're not using it. So when you're using external liquidity, you're outside of the range, aka reversal. You're going to target internal liquidity. So for instance, here we had, we're using external liquidity relative to this range that we're in, right? This was a stop run play.
And also this was as well, but the main basis we're using was a stop run. So we're going to use the strategy of targeting internal liquidity. So we enter stop loss would be just the five minutes. That's where it was found on stop loss. You're going to use just under about 20 pips under the low of the order block. So you would have been probably around here and then you would have targeted.
You don't have a clear order block here, so I would go to the 15-minute. Okay, bam, there you go. And it's right at equilibrium as well. And remember, that's why you always have to have your high time frame zone charted. So if you look, it would have been an absolute snipe. Price traded right into this institutional candle and quickly reversed. And now I've got a change of character confirmed. And that's why it sucks to see people like they would have gotten this trade and entered it right, but maybe they would have tried to like...
take you know this major high over here is their ta and then what happened they looked at this box and they look at it like oh nowhere near where i'm supposed to be this is not a good trade when in reality you had a seven to one and you fumbled it
So that happens quite a bit that I see. And people ask me like, oh, what did I do wrong? And that's a huge problem because entering the trade is one thing. But exiting it is most people's problem once they learn to trade. Obviously, at first, it's always about where do I get in? How do you know what to buy? But tons of motherfuckers just don't sell. And it's not that they can't trade. It's just that they're a mix of greedy and also they don't have a clear.
profit target because you learn it's funny people learn how to take to enter it's everybody's wondering about what order block to enter on few people ever fucking ask where to to exit until they fumble a bunch of trades and get stopped at break even or even worse get stopped at a loss after a trade was heavily in profits dude what has a been doing i've been seeing field talk about i've seen like profit slips running for like 14 bucks to fucking yeah look at this shit this isn't ridiculous i think we were talking about this last stream
I know they had some bullish news or rumors today about Ape Token with the land, or not the land, they said that the dogs or whatever, the Shiba, or not the Shibas, I can't even, the Bored Ape Kennel Club, that they were going to be using the play to earn game to like mine currency or some shit. I think there's a bunch of rumors on that. This actually looks pretty good, I'm not going to lie.
You want to get above this high, though. If I was in longs here, I'd be trimming right about now. I wouldn't take it all just because it's Ape token. But remember, you want to make sure you're always mindful of what's going on. So let's look over it. Let's look left. There's going to be an order box somewhere in this wick. So if you look, let's just draw this one and see where it comes out to. I'm just going to draw this a fib. I started trading into that. We're not going to worry about that.
So let's go to like a 15 minute. Oh, what the fuck? I just zoomed it on trading view. There you go. This is why you got to always really, really just dissect the fuck out of price. I think we may have already tapped into this. Let's see. Or we may be sitting in it right now.
Or no, I think what I'm looking for is a reversal. See, look at this. So we had that supply, and given this is five minute, but we also don't have a ton of data for Ape. So we came up into supply, established at the range high. Now we have what? Let's go to 15 minute to make this a little clearer. So once price reaches supply, we had a low, higher low, higher low. Now we have a change of character, break of structure. So let's say...
Here was your change of character right there. Break up structure, confirming it. Quarter block is going to be the higher volume candle of these, which is going to be this one. Price has already traded into it, so it's interesting. Where did we get this candle over here from? Where did this come from? Ape is strong. I mean, if you can get above these highs, you're in good shape.
that's really yeah i don't know i would look for if i was in longs here i'd be i would trim already um
Just to not be greedy. And then you've got another fair value gap there coming up. I'd be trimming there at 1621. I guess I'd be trimming now, though. Also, you can take this with a grain of salt. We are in Tokyo session, so price is going to want to move towards equilibrium. It's already done so. That could have been another reason to kind of give us an extra push. We have this fair value gap, but I'd be trimming heavily approaching these highs. Oh, you're welcome for the stream, Hatem. I appreciate you, too.
Yeah, so oftentimes in a London session, you can look for stop hunts or stops getting ran, if you will. For instance, reversals, really. If you have a reversal setup that's kind of priming itself and then you look also and you're at London Open, really just in London into New York as well, you can kind of say, okay, this is where we might have a liquidity pool. Oops, I just hit a space bar.
where we might have a liquidity pool. Damn, how did I do that? I lost whatever we're on. I guess it doesn't matter. You have the London session where you're going to have the liquidity pool and oftentimes you're going to have a retracement of the prior move with the New York session.
So, for instance, expansion can happen during the beginning of the London session. Oftentimes, like, for instance, on Monday, a lot of times, because we're coming back from the weekend and the London session is the first to open, you're going to have, well, the first between New York and London, you're going to have expansion.
Then going into the New York open, you're going to have a reversal, which is just going to be stops getting run. And this is why people get reversal and retracement confused. Let me just make this very clear that a reversal is this up here. People think that this is the reversal. This is the retracement. So if you look, price expanded, reversed above this old high, and then retraced.
Why is this a retracement? And yes, relative to the lower timeframes, this expanded away from this zone, but on the higher timeframes, this was just a retracement. All this was a retracement of this move. But to simplify, sorry, I kind of went on a tangent there. Reversals during London session, retracements in New York session, and in Asian session, you're looking for consolidation or price moving back to equilibrium.
And you can also pair these setups with different tools to identify order flow. Like for instance, you're going to see order blocks oftentimes at the beginning of the London session. Same with New York. You're going to see fair value gaps as well. A lot of times with retracement because retracements are usually violent. Anytime after a reversal, a lot of times you're going to see fair value gaps. So for instance, here, where's my tool? Huge fair value gap there.
Bring this back to where you can see. During this New York session, you're going to have those fair value gaps. Right at the open of London, you have this order block. So you can kind of use these tools.
with these different sessions. But like I said, everything is non-linear in trading. We can make it as linear as we want and we can master this the best we can, but don't get sucked into a 100% mindset. Because I will tell you though, once you master using changes of character and order box, a lot of times it is right. But don't ever be foolish and think it's always going to be right.
On that note, I'm going to hop off here. Somebody said I have a coupon code for sign up. If you're talking about Playbit, yes, it's CASPER. There's all caps. I'm assuming that's what you're talking about. Yeah, I appreciate all you guys. If you have any questions, just at me in chat. DM me. Comment on YouTube, whatever. Just get at me, Twitter, whatever, and I'll respond as quick as possible. I appreciate every one of you guys, and have a great weekend. Peace.
