All right, so I'll give everybody a second. Actually, there's a good amount of people in for the Discord already. Yeah, so I'll kind of go right into it, but what I'm seeing, to start off, what we said at the beginning of the week, it's on point. I mean, literally, let me go back. I know that you guys in the Discord probably saw it, but with crypto, where is it?
Give me a second. Oh, yeah. So we're looking to turn in the daily order block or the fair value gap before our weekly draw on liquidity. We...
have came almost into the fair value gap. So we tapped off of the order block. If you do the WIX, I'm still looking for a little lower and I'll go over why, but I did just want to show that. And this is kind of exactly as planned. I mean, if you look right here, price was up in this candle, I think. And I said, we're going to be drawing down into these imbalances and that's exactly what price did. So the short narrative, if you shorted any of these days and you waited for a liquidity rate, you could have had one, actually right here, one, two, three good days.
um price now last night had a nice little ride to the upside so um let me turn these so um what i am seeing here is
At first, let me just replay and kind of recap. We had a ton of buy side liquidity building up in this region right here. All these early shorts. And not to say that people didn't make money shorting all of these moves. You definitely did. I shorted some of these moves.
But, you know, we know that there's a ton of buying interest above these levels in the form of stop losses to cover shorts. So anybody who is shorting, you know, here, here, here, and they got greedy and didn't take any profits, or let's just say they were targeting this low, which would have been rational. You know, each time you came up, stopped a break even, it came up, stopped for a loss if they got in here. Right. What's happening when you see that is.
This is just very Bitcoin-esque because this is a Bitcoin thing to do is the way I like to put it. So what we see with Bitcoin a lot of the time is just max manipulation. So even smart money traders will get manipulated.
So when we're building this kind of parabolic little curve right here, or I mean, you can really just say they're relatively equal highs, right? You know, there's a lot of stop losses, a lot of liquidity above these levels. So when that happens, you know, sometimes we can see a deviation where we dip under one side of liquidity and then go to the other. That's usually how it works. So whenever we see, you know, one side getting rated, right? Usually the first side that gets rated.
you know eventually is that's that's the price that or the direction price is eventually going to go not always but the first deviation um let's say you know we have uh you know this is our range right here why does that work
There's our range, right? So we want to see price grade the liquidity on one side. Oftentimes, it's going to be the side that we expanded from, right? Because what's happening here is the inducement of short traders entering the market here and this false perception of resistance. So everybody's looking to get short. We're looking for a breakdown. Even here, you had equal lows, right? And that'd be a good target for the short, one would think.
You know, you expect price to come down. You know, we're bullish on the four hour. So you're expecting a retracement. You know, we got our break of structure right here. So, you know, you're expecting a retracement down into a discount.
To be fair, we did come into a discount. We didn't really come into any price delivery array, in my opinion. We didn't touch the daily order box body. We didn't even clear the slow. We didn't come in the imbalance. Maybe there's some kind of higher time frame order block here, like a 12-hour or something. But we didn't really come down into any of these areas. So what that tells me is that this is going to be one of those complex pullbacks where price pulls back, rallies up a little bit, and then pulls back and then really goes, if it's going to go.
So at this point, this was on, I guess this was like last night.
we see all of this liquidity built up above these highs. And this is why it's important to understand more than just structure and supply and demand. A lot of times liquidity plays into that narrative. Once you get used to it, you kind of just see the liquidity. But it's important to make sure you're developing an understanding of what's happening here because a lot of people look at it like, okay, they don't refine their four-hour POI. And they said, here's my POI. I got a 15-minute change of character here.
I'm shorting. They shorted. Let's say they shorted. I don't know where I go. Change of character. It looks like right there. They shorted off like this order block up here. Whatever they shorted. We'll just say they shorted off right here. Let me change it to the cross so we can see a little better. Let's say they shorted off this order block. So they got in short right here. They're just a 15-minute trader. Put their stop loss right above there. And they target the low down here. Let's just say they target this low over here.
Did they do anything wrong? Well, one could say, no, they didn't because they traded the four-hour POI. We got a four-hour change of character here. We made another little internal low. Price came up, took the low. Okay, so this is our newly introduced supply. So I trade four-hour POIs. I wait for price to come into it. I get my 15-minute change of character, and that's my confirmation. So why did this trade not work? I took a short here.
right but i think it was actually right here was the tokyo raid that day that we posted about it not the one we canceled yesterday that was up here i think uh in this area but and thank god we canceled that um but
The point I'm trying to get across is everything can't be so practical to where you need to have a technical strategy where you always execute the same way, but that technical strategy should be built from a foundation of a general or a genuine understanding of what price action is doing. If you see this as a four-hour POI, you see that 15-minute confirmation. Let's say you didn't set stops to break even and you didn't trim anything.
Maybe you didn't trim here for whatever reason. Price comes up. You say, okay, we're just mitigating. We got a little liquid. We're going to come down. And then we all know it happened. Price completely comes up and just takes you out. And you wonder, why did this happen? Oh, this doesn't work. They go through all the motions. And what it really comes down to is, for one, you need to learn how to refine your POIs, which we go over.
at least to a one hour, if you're going to use a four hour POI, that would have saved you. And two, understand liquidity, understand that the very strategy you're using, which is smart money.
The whole basis of smart money, that's why they call it concepts. There's no single strategy to where, you know, you can't say, oh, I just trade smart money concepts and that's my strategy. No, that's like the school of thought that you've built your strategy from. But understanding supply and demand and also remembering that the whole purpose of understanding smart money is to identify, you know, areas that banks trade at.
You have to remember, you have to map out these areas of liquidity. So you have to also have like a reasonable trading plan. Let's just say you short it here. You know, you had your four hour. And this is where people get confused because, you know, OK, you know, four hour is bullish, but we've got to break a structure. So I'm expecting a pullback, you know, down into an order block down here. OK, we've got to change a character, a double change of characters. This is my flip zone. Confirm in a 15 minute.
And then it just takes you out before even hitting 3R whenever you were looking to take it down into here.
It's not reasonable to think that you could take a trade that far whenever you haven't mitigated the very POIs that gave you the bias to go short. So, and what I mean by saying that is, for one, we've got this POI right here with liquidity in front of it, just like we talked about with the liquidity class. I even made an infographic on this talking about inducement. This is a perfect fucking example of inducement.
Right. Short traders getting induced here, going short, looking to target the low. And they're not necessarily wrong. Like, you know, OK, did they get stopped out? Yes. Does that mean that their thought process was totally just garbage and wrong? That's not what that means. And it's OK to take that loss. Like if that's your strategy and you have proven to yourself that it's consistently profitable, then just take the L like, you know, any other L.
and move on. But if you want to refine the win rate and understand why you got stopped out, you need to look at it from a perspective that there was a lot of people with the same idea as you. So there was liquidity building above all those highs. And then whenever you're choosing your POIs, the reason we want to refine is not only to get a better risk to reward, it's also to pinpoint the origin of institutional involvement. So if we're building our short narrative over
the um you know four hour change of character which was right here right then we're going to look for you know what sponsored that is it mitigated you know you could say this four hour candle right here is mitigated but if we go to a one hour you know we also have a massive imbalance with an institutional candle up here
You know, one could say that this is mitigated because we came into the fair value gap a little bit and responded off of it. So, you know, maybe you are really, really patient. You only go for extremes. I shouldn't say really patient. Maybe that's just your strategy and you're waiting for, you know, either we get a reaction here and then have a complex pullback or, you know, maybe that, you know, this is a decisional point because let's say you wait for this to short, you know, even all through down here, you're just waiting as far as any kind of swing.
Now you can take sales intraday. You know, there were sales, we were on the class on Saturday. And I told you guys, if we rated above these highs, Bitcoin is going to sell off. That's exactly what it did. Rated highs into the fair value gap, sold off. So there was an opportunity there, but not an opportunity to sell all the way back down here. And that's where people get really confused whenever the, I know that's, I did, right? Whenever you learn Star Money, it's like very shiny and appealing. You're like, oh my God, this is so easy.
four hour change of character. I'm shorting the whole four hour pullback. I'm going to take it all the way down here. But you're failing to realize that the same orders that gave you this bias, that gave you this break of structure, the downside, they haven't even been mitigated. So how are you looking to use that bias that's going to take you all the way down here in order to, how are you going to trade off that?
So whenever you're selecting POIs or selecting areas that you think that everything's been mitigated and now you're going to go to the downside, you have to make sure that the significant supply zones or demand zones are mitigated. So in this example, we look, where was the first impulsive move?
I'm going to change back to my cursor. First impulsive move is here. That's what gave us the four-hour change of character. That's where the impulse swing that gave us that originated. And it's important to understand, it doesn't have to be at the swing high or wherever. It can just be wherever the displacement started. And displacement is so important if you're looking to get those good zones because we can find 25 order blocks going on a one-hour chart. And sure, maybe a lot of them work, but...
In order to weed out a lot of bullshit, I guess, for lack of a better term, and also keep your screen time efficient and refine your win rate, you want to only pick high value zones. Because when you learn supply and demand, you just automatically, your eyes are trained to see every order block, every flip, so everything. And you just want to trade off all of them. But ask yourself, what are the specific zones or significant zones? Not specific, sorry. My brain's not working.
What are these significant zones? So for me, I look at this zone out here where the impulse move started.
And then we have a second impulse move after a liquidity rate. So if we go back in, this is the price action we saw. It was during this candle, this pump that the class ended on. Because it's like, right, look at that, two o'clock. We do the classes on one o'clock each or every Saturday and play a bit. So price came up. I was looking at these highs, but it came up much higher, came up rated this high into the 15 minute fair value gap. And then it sold off. But we look that, you know, let's go into another timeframe.
Whenever you're using a liquidity rate model, you would look at it like, okay, we rated liquidity. Obviously, you got to break a structure here. With displacement, you could just enter on the fair value gap. It looks something like this. Enter anywhere in this area. I mean, look at that. Price consolidated there for a second and then pushed down. But guess what has to happen for price to expand? There has to be an inefficiency of supply and demand.
aka a supply candle, right? So that's what price is actually doing. Liquidity is rated. These buy stops are getting sold to by smart money. Price then moves rapidly away, indicating institutional sponsorship. Price comes up, mitigates those orders, right? Because remember, that's all a fair value gap is, is just orders that got left behind. So if there's a lot of sell orders, you know, here, here, here, here, guess what's happening in this zone?
right here. A ton of selling is happening there. So then you're going to get that supply candle. So that to me is a pretty important zone because it caused a four-hour internal break of structure. Not the first one, but it did cause a break of structure. And also for me, what is this?
Okay, so it's came back down into this zone over here. I need to speed up my bias so we don't miss anything. No, I'm just kidding. No FOMO.
Why that's important to me is it sponsored, I guess, your flip breakup structure because we had our initial change of character. Some form of demand had to be pushed into the market to come up and mitigate these orders. And whatever demand was introduced was then disrespected by the real orders, which came in after mitigation or after the rebalance of this area over here. So I still would pay attention to this zone, but to me, this zone's valid as well.
Either one of them, we're going to use a confirmation entry if we decide to take a trade. You don't get married to the idea of either one, but that's why I wasn't really looking to swing shorts from, I don't know, maybe this order block or this order block.
As you can see that we have a clear, a good POI, another good POI. Guess what's above? You're front running both of these zones. Liquidity. Liquidity right there. So when you have that, just wait. If you're looking to swing shorts, right?
Now prices came back down into this imbalance. What I would look for here. So we look over here. We didn't come all the way up into this candle right here. We do have a high that's front running it. We reacted pretty impulsively. So, you know, who knows? Maybe we won't hit that candle. Right. We did clear out all this liquidity. That was the that's the main point I wanted to make is that once you have all of these shorts building up, everybody wants to short Bitcoin. Everybody's like, oh, fuck, yeah, we're shorting Bitcoin.
This bull runs over. It's a fucking fake pump. Everybody's mad that Bitcoin even pumped because they sold all their bags at the bottom or they've just been shorting for so long they don't know how to do anything else.
When you have that kind of open interest, I guess you would say in the market, you have to be ready for that to get cleaned. So now that the liquidity here is cleaned, also oftentimes just look for a fair value gap. If you have liquidity in front of a fair value gap, it's going to get rated most of the time. And if it doesn't, whatever, you miss a trade, oh God, end of the world, right?
To go over what I look for in a fair value gap entry, for instance, right now, am I just going to buy this? No, absolutely not. For one, the time of day isn't really where I'd like it to be for this kind of scenario. I don't like playing lick rates in Asia, especially with crypto. We see a lot of Tokyo reversals, but I'm not huge on it.
What I would look for is the five minute to give a break of structure to the upside with displacement somewhere in this zone or very close to it. You know, it can go a little under it. I just wouldn't want it to go under, you know, a swing low or an internal low. Like for instance, to be honest, I wouldn't want it to go price to go under here. And if I was going to play the fair value gap setup. So what I look for whenever we have, you know, a fair value gap setup is this impulsive move, right? We have this really crazy move today.
uh really last night i should say a day on bitcoin and then we have a price delivery array at a discount you've got a supply can or a demand candle right here as well you could look at that um
You can watch that, but I'm more interested in the fair value gap. If it comes down here, great. But what I'm really looking for is a five-minute break of structure with displacement. Now, we've already got a move into our zone of displacement. And again, it's the same principles. We've got liquidity here, right? Now, look, guess what people are doing right now? And who knows? They might end up being right, but a lot of people are shorting right now because they see this as a breakdown. Bitcoin's breaking down. And it very well could be, right? This is pretty...
This is like what, like a couple hours worth of intraday liquidity. And again, the time of day for this isn't really my cup of tea. But if you were to get a break of structure to the upside, you could then target the opposing liquidity. Maybe you don't, and maybe we just cleaned up all this liquidity here.
And this is really just going to be the down move. So this fair value gap, this area for me is pretty decisional. If we start a break under that, one could look to trade the lower timeframes down into these equal lows or down into all of this down here.
because I still haven't changed my bias. What I think Bitcoin is pretty clearly drawing into at this point is this imbalance. I think that's no question for me. Also, when we have an event like NFP coming up on Friday, so first Friday of every month, we have non-farm payroll. It's going to be extremely volatile for all markets that are currencies, like cryptocurrency, not as much as Forex, but
it's going to incite volatility. So whenever you see obvious areas of liquidity, this would be our draw on a four hour, these equal lows, a lot of times that's going to get ran. Whenever you have those areas, they almost always get ran because price gets really volatile. It starts expanding to where there's orders in the market. So for me, my narrative I'm building right now is that I want to see Bitcoin, I haven't changed it, draw down into this area.
You know, once I can establish my immediate directional bias, then I look to trade the lower timeframes in that bias. So for instance, you know, this to me, it's good. I would have rather seen us come up higher, right? But it's the fair value gap entry. So let's go over that again. We have a, and it doesn't have to fill the fair value gap all the way. We have a fair value gap right here.
with a lick rate into it. So we rated all this liquidity. Then you get a break of structure, the downside with displacement. You can even go on a 15 minute and you got it very quickly. You tapped up into it. That's displacement for me. Three fat ass down candles, right? So there would be...
You can kind of check them off. This is what I like to do. So you'd have, there's your liquidity rate. So you go check off that box. It's a very simple strategy, right? Then you have your shift in market structure right there with displacement.
Right. Fair value gap entry. Now, Bitcoin can be a little sloppy with this. Like, for instance, let's just say, you know, your entry is right here and stop loss up here. Sometimes you won't really have the best risk to reward. You have to understand that this model is a little different than your supply and demand model where you're targeting highs. If I'm using strictly liquidity to enter a trade, I'm going to target opposing liquidity. So, for instance, like if we rate up into an imbalance, ideally, you'd want to find a trade.
you know, coming back maybe into these lows or into this imbalance. And that's where you'd be shaving off most of the trade. In this instance, that wasn't really very good risk to reward. Maybe if you went in the five minute and refined it and you entered up here, it was a little bit better, right? But still even then not the greatest. So sometimes you can just use this for more of an immediate bias and also a case study than to actually execute off of it.
especially with Bitcoin because it gets pretty wide. But I encourage you, use this more with indices. It works better with it. I mean, it works the same with everything, but the risk to reward a lot of time on indices intraday is better. But, you know, that being said, this could have been the move. You know, this could have been we pushed up here and we're violently moving away. For me, I'm looking at it.
you know, kind of from an unbiased standpoint that I do see this clean high front running this institutional candle. We still got a decent amount of fair value gap to fill. So I'm just going to wait and see how we react down here because this is a pretty fat imbalance that we've now attracted to. You can see, just think of these imbalances and clean lows like this. They're just like magnets. Just why I call them a draw on liquidity.
Like we went over with the daily. It's drawing to this imbalance. So each day you can come into the market with the mindset that today is probably going to close lower. Now, let's look on each one of these days. Let me turn back on my day and week separator. So let's see what happens each day. Because if you're anticipating that price is going to... Where is it? Where do we start this? On this Monday.
You're anticipating that the overall bias is down, right? Whenever you see these daily candles, notice they all have really big wicks to the upside. So price pumped up and then dumped. So what that pump is and what all wicks are is it's clean. This is why people say wicks are liquidity. They're not necessarily liquidity. They're filling up liquidity. And oftentimes they leave imbalances or I should say sweeping up liquidity. So for instance,
Let's say your bias, which I told you guys on Twitter, I told people on the Discord on Monday that our bias we were drawing down. So whenever you come into the market with that in your head, you'd look for buy side rates, just like we talked about, and you look for those to go to the downside. So for instance, let's go over here and let's turn our Forex market sessions on. So Tokyo liquidity is amazing for this. So let's just do a little recap. Okay, Tokyo high.
Rated. Right there. So we're going to go in on each one of these. Tokyo High. Rated.
Now, this is how you can catch those intraday setups. And this is why I keep telling people that just because we think that price is going to go down, our overall bias is that each day is going to close lower until we come down and satisfy this imbalance. That doesn't mean we want to get in the short and hold it all the way down there. That's how you end up having a bunch of money on the table and then getting stopped to break even and hating yourself.
And that fucks with your psychology. It fucks with your money. It's just no good. So let's just go back and let's go and kind of rewind and look at how you can just use session liquidity to catch these trades. So let's go back to a one minute. And I like using the one minute. Bitcoin's good if you can use a five minute change of character. Oftentimes it won't really give you...
As far as an internal structure standpoint, it won't really give you a change of character sometimes because your structure, your internal level here is really like it's all the way down here. You know, each candle breaches the previous candles high. It's like your internal structure is down here. But what we're looking for is just basically our little impulse move swings. So, for instance, right here, a short-term low is taken out with displacement. That's the key. It has to be with displacement. You have to have fair value gaps. And your eye will...
We'll try to rationalize shit that it's not if you don't require that displacement. So let's look. Let's say after the Tokyo High was rated, right? Again, for you Wyckoff people, you're going to be saying redistribution, redistribution. And you're not wrong, but this is what's actually happening, right? It's redistributing to these buyers, right? Because there has to be buyers if smart money is distributing or redistributing an asset. How do they create those buyers?
I clean highs a lot of times with session liquidity too. And that's what Tokyo is just usually engineering liquidity. So price comes above the Tokyo high. We come down right here, fair value gap entry.
What do you target? You can target imbalances on the impulsive move up to the liquidity rate, so in a discount. Or you can target the lows. It's really whatever is good enough for you. These aren't always the best risk-to-reward setups, but I promise you that if you trade them, say like right here, you just entered right there, stop loss. Now you can use the recent swing low. I recommend using the high personally because
Yes, it's really just a personal thing. I like the high because I don't like getting... The worst thing is to get stopped out on a lick rate because it sucks to watch what you had waited for and, you know, to happen to you. So you could use the most recent little high, right? I like using the higher one, but let's just, you know, say here, that wasn't really the greatest risk to reward if you're targeting the imbalance down here. You know, if you're targeting the lows...
Let's see. Still not great, right? 2.79, I tried to do only three or above, right? So maybe, you know, you didn't take it or you were okay with 2.79 or, you know, your risk tolerance didn't allow that. So you maybe moved it to this swing high. Now you have a three to one, right? Again, whatever you do, just do it every time to stay consistent, maintain an edge. You can see price went right to it because all price is doing is balancing.
books and bouncing off of one area of liquidity to another so let's go we'll go to the next tokyo high raid so what do we get over here this one you didn't get a five minute entry but this is one we were talking about yesterday
So let's say you came up above it. The five minute, I guess you could say you did get a five minute entry. But for me, I look at the fair value gap that's in a premium of the impulse swing that caused the break of structure. Now, if we look, you did get an entry right here. So there was an entry. And don't hate me, you guys in the Discord, because I know we didn't get it, but that's just my strategy. I try to play the fair value gap in a premium. So there was the entry if you took it.
The risk reward wasn't really that great either. But my point of all this is whenever we are using liquidity to develop our daily bias, we can also use it to enter trades. And let's see, actually the risk reward would have been pretty good. You targeted maybe this imbalance here. You can see that was the quickest in and out. So you just shorted off this area here, stop loss above the high down here. That's not great risk reward. Some people are cool with two to one.
If you have a really high win rate, I mean, it can work, but for me, it's not my style. So I would have wanted to target something like down in this region down here. I don't think it even hit that lower. Yeah, it did actually. So that would have been a decent trade. But the point I'm trying to get across is that once you develop your daily bias, sure, you can trade these intraday moves, right? But don't...
develop a daily bias based off liquidity and then become liquidity trying to just be greedy and catch the entire move you know catching entire moves is fun to flex it looks good it's cool right it's fun like it's you make a lot of money if you do it right right and have like we caught bitcoin last week we didn't catch the entire move with our full positions but we caught it you know pretty nice as far as
We got the actual bottom and it left runners that ran to wherever you decided to sell them. Now, that's cool. That's great. Did I necessarily plan or get married to that happening? I thought it might happen, but I didn't just degen and hold because everybody looks at it like, oh, fuck, you should have held your whole position. But I know better than to think that because if you do that, if that's your mentality, you won't make money consistently. The way you make money consistently...
is developing your overall narrative of what you think everything, what you think price is doing. And then you just get in and get out along the way. Just get your money, get the fuck out, go enjoy your day. So that's how you do that. Just using simple ass liquidity rates. Now it doesn't have to be session liquidity. This week was just like literally so easy, right? With Bitcoin. And I'm liking it because it's becoming more and more like indices with...
every week or maybe i'm just starting to see it more i don't know but it's starting to really give those uh those easy liquidity setups right looks like we're not really it's not really reacting too much to this imbalance down here which i wouldn't be surprised because we came up tapped into this imbalance massive impulsive move away
So if you don't react here, what I would look for is price to target these equal lows down here and go along with our original bias. Nothing's changed up. Also, a couple other setups that I'm watching. Cardano. I haven't really played liquidity raids and stuff on Cardano, but this looks like nice equal lows again, engineered right above a fair value gap.
And the draw in liquidity is this imbalance. So a price is clearly drawing to, right? It's very clear. Another setup.
that I want to see unfold is Gala. And this is going to be one of my bigger focuses if I think crypto is going to remain bullish. And I'm going to find interest in it down here, anywhere on a discount really, but specifically these two levels right here. That'd be a pretty big flush, but if we can get down to this area, I'm going to be looking to target the highs. Hopefully we don't make a massive imbalance and that kind of ruins the risk reward.
This is another setup, and this is all just based off the daily chart. You don't have to overcomplicate shit. You don't have to use a bunch of fancy terminology or all that to really get your initial. Once you do that, you open up all sorts of possibilities for rationalization. If you have 80 different ideas of what may be happening, your brain is literally going to filter out.
what the market's actually telling you and replace it with whatever belief you have, what supports that. So like for instance, if you're a Bitcoin bearer all the time, your brain will literally block out bullish signals the market's giving you and find any reason you can to short. And that's how you're going to lose money.
Where was... There was another setup I wanted to go over. It's mainly Bitcoin, Cardano, and Ethereum. I mean, not Ethereum. Gala. Mine went blank. Let's take a look at Ethereum. It's also drawing down to this imbalance. I wasn't really trading much today. It was my daughter's first day of school. But it's some nice setups, man, to be honest. This was pretty clean.
Yeah, so what you're looking for when you see these is just raising that liquidity, right? I don't know if this was Tokyo. I think it might have been. That was last New York side. Tokyo's right on here. We had a lot of liquidity actually. It seems like you left even more equal highs though. A lot of times I'll just watch Bitcoin and then kind of frame other stuff around that. Take this off. Yeah, if any of you guys have any questions or anything, feel free to unmute your mic. That's pretty much all I wanted to go over.
Can you look at SPX? Hell yeah. Doing way better on Bitcoin, isn't it? It's going for 420 or 4200 if you're trying to SPX. In my opinion, that's where we might see some flushes first, but that's where I see it. It seems like price is clearly drawing too. That can all change. Everything's kind of weird right now with the whole Taiwan situation, but I would look for that 420.
But overall right now, I mean, really what I would look for, you probably will see a little bit of a retracement here. You just took out a ton of these highs. You left this imbalance right here. And that's a discount of the current swing. So I would see, let's see what's around that area. Let me just tag. I'd pay attention. I like this imbalance down here. Let's see.
Really what I'd want to see though, and same thing with SPY always, you just want to wait till the morning. Like this morning, I was actually recapping this earlier. There wasn't really, I wouldn't have necessarily taken anything this morning. Everything was super bullish pre-market. I mean, I guess you could have looked at entering off these fair value gaps. But, you know, for me, I mean, there wasn't really much of entry. I like playing liquidity rates, like something like this, right? So like you come to the morning, you know, here's 10 a.m. It happens usually right around that time.
Here's your first check go to like, you know under a five minute
It was a one minute. I actually took a NOS short this day into this, but I didn't trade the longs. Like for instance, right here, after you get onto that area, you look for a break above a recent high with displacement, right? We got that fair value gap right there. Trade would look something like this. You could just enter the top of it. Should've got in right there. You could use a stop loss under this low, but again, that's personal preference. I like using just the lick rate low and then you just target.
to the upside you can there's a couple strategies for how you can play that you can just ride it throughout the day or like to like the lunch i think lunch is better like write it to like right around like noon or like maybe the end launch just depends on how price action is looking you know that wasn't the best risk to reward here on that day it's been pretty volatile so using the stop loss that's lower you might not get as good of risk to reward it really just depends what you're okay with um as far as that but um
That's the kind of setups I would like to play on on SPX is just liquidity rates. I don't really play much else. Or I mean, if we have like a really high timeframe POI, I'll play it. But I could see a massive like little pullback and dump out onto this during NFPs. But I do see, you know, if you come down and fill this weekly imbalance here.
I do see 420 at this point. The beginning of the week, I did want to see lower. But it seems like we're still drawing up. This daily close, that seems pretty strong to me.
If this candle were just wicked up and closed down here, it would be a little different, but we stayed above that level for the close. At this point, I would look for maybe a minor run to the downside, and under these lows or in this imbalance, I would be looking for signs of reversal. Then the daily buys would continue to be up here, but if you push down under here and don't see breaks of structure or displacement on a 15 minute to one hour, I would look for price to start seeking these imbalances in the daily.
down in this area right here. You know, if you're looking at daily swing structure, it's like, it looks like it wants to start pulling back because you've got this daily supply zone right there. And then, you know, daily structure is bearish. Weekly has been rebalanced, daily is rebalanced. So that was where my original bearish narrative came from SPX. But if we start pushing upside more, it wants the high. NOS.
It's up into a daily order block, but at this point, I would say NOS is drawing to these highs. I have this marked, but I almost don't even know why. I do want to be cognizant of it, but the equal highs up here are pretty clear that NOS wants it. It's been massive the last couple weeks. Has it really been that long? That's crazy. I didn't know it had been since the second week of June that we've been running. Bitcoin bleeding.
Yeah, that liquidity rate into a fair value gap is always nice. I wish I would have been active this morning, but, you know, somebody's got to take it. It's always the days, too, that you take off that shit like this happens. That was fun. That's a clean setup. Because it's like once you have this, you know, you have these equal loads. You took out the equal highs. You deviated from the range, like we were talking about earlier.
So, you know, you have this range. A lot of people are expecting the deviation down. And what I was saying is like, you know, if you deviate here, then you come down, take out this liquidity. Oftentimes you come back up and you'll at least fill the imbalances or break out to the upside. But if we look here, you have this range and now price has came up and deviated, took out liquidity, went into an imbalance. Now what do we have on the other side? Liquidity and an imbalance. It's not that complicated.
Yeah, price is expanding pretty rough now to the downside. So I'm not going to take any trades tonight more than likely, but what I'm going to watch for is once the dust kind of settles maybe under these lows right here, these short-term lows, you might see enough juice to come up and do an imbalance. And then we just look at the same thing. If we're looking at a one-hour imbalance, five or 15-minute is good.
In this instance, the five-minute would have probably been better. It gave you a better risk to reward because you would have just said, okay, here's the impulse move, the broke structure, because then prices are consolidating. You could just look at the first fair value gap. You could have entered, I guess, here. If you use the supply candle, I think that was probably the best entry.
Did it tap into it? Yeah, it did. So you could have looked at that. There's all sorts of different ways you can refine it and do it, but basically I would look for price to, if it doesn't reverse here, right, where we're at, which it still technically could, I guess, because we haven't came back, cleared out all these. Maybe it wants something a little lower, but if we don't see a nice impulsive reversal, we're probably going down for these lows. And at that point,
You probably will pull back up into the imbalance. You know, we'll find the impulse move, which will be all up here. You'll be able to target one of these imbalances. And that's how you can get a little bit more. You can get more opportunities if you expand your...
expand your, I guess, perspective to more than just supply and demand. I want to start focusing on going over that in the classes and the private discord and stuff as well. Also, if you guys are watching on YouTube, hit the comments and should I hate to be like that YouTuber, but it helps me a shitload. I've noticed that anytime I get a bunch of comments, I see a crazy amount of more viewers.
So somebody said, can I share my watch list? Yeah. I can actually share it in the comments of YouTube. There you go. They said, still believe that was a liquidity grab and we'll see a higher high.
Yeah, I agree at this point. But at the same time, I don't want to get married to that narrative. This was obviously a liquidity grab. But then I see us coming down and coming to this area. And then at that point, depending on how much we go down to the downside, if you have a huge imbalance, then you create a problem as far as just going up to take out the highs. For instance, if you just dump down here in three, four-hour candles, there's going to be massive imbalances to fill. And once price reacts to them, it's going to go down.
Then you might play this game of ping pong, you know, whatever. That's when you get those really fucked up ranges where it's not really clean structure and people that just play structure and supply and demand, they're burning all the profit. Because those are great models. They're awesome. But if you play them alone and you're not aware of this and this right here, you'll make money, but then you just give it right back whenever the market is, you know, being on that, I guess you could say fuck shit for a better term, for lack of a better term.
um euro usd let's take a peek it actually hit again this was a clean setup it hit above these highs we talked about this a while ago on twitter i wanted these lows and this is where um the what was fomc or was fomc
Yeah, I think it was. No, interest rates. It was interest rates and FOMC. We actually had signaled a long in the Discord. No, not a long. We had signaled attention for longs, and we didn't trade the five-minute. We got the change of character. We looked for longs. I wanted to see a five-minute confirmation here, but we see what happened there. I mean, I wish I would have traded the five-minute, but at the end of the day, you can't change your bias or your strategy. It would have been a pretty crazy trade, like 5R in like an hour.
um whatever bias was right we deviated from the bottom of the range we took out these lows into this demand candle then came up for the highs it's just what we just went over the bitcoin so now now that we've came down and we've blasted to the downside i actually like this can't or this imbalance right here so what i'm going to do i haven't been watching euro dollar as much i've been mainly watching indices and crypto but um
And once price comes up into this area, it could be a little while, but you can pay it some attention because price came above liquidity.
displace and break a structure to the downside. So when that happens, you know, there's institutional involvement, right? Institutions sold to these buy stops. So, you know, if that occurred, well, there's going to be institutional orders here. And guess what institutional orders do? They move the market really finally. So if we have an area where we can confirm that institutions came in, they bought up, or I'm sorry, they sold to these buy stops and sold to these breakout buyers. Well,
There's price sell orders here. So when price comes there, if we see the same occurrence right here on a lower timeframe in here, that's going to give you an entry model. Looks like we're building up some liquidity as well. Not equal lows, but there's going to be stops under all these lows. Also from a Wyckoff perspective, if you do come up into this area and you start to get that lower high, I think that's the LPSY.
a huge Wyckoff guy. But at that point, let's look at the daily because the reason I haven't really been trading this is a daily, it seems like at this point it wants this low right here. So I'm going to actually mark this out or maybe this imbalance. I'm going to mark this. I'm going to pay attention to this more. I'm going to go daily imbalance. There's going to be, what is this alarm for? I think that's those lows that I had set forever ago.
Where is it? Yeah. So let me clean up my charts. I hate having this much stuff. Leave that so I know what I'm looking for. So we got a daily inbounds here. Like I was just saying, when we were in the lower timeframes, turn this off too much stuff. Tons of liquidity building up here. There's tons of sales stops there. So if we can see price push up and preserve this area of liquidity.
If we can see price push up into this imbalance, take out this, take out all these shorts, the early shorts, and then expand to the downside, we can look for trades into that sell-side liquidity, or depending on how violently we push up into the imbalance, there might be another imbalance we can target. But I would look at this low as a point of interest.
So that right there, I would pay attention to this daily imbalance down here, right around that dollar, a little, you know, almost 1.01, that area as it seems like price is drawing too. Because I thought we, you know, this is why I didn't want to really trade Eurodollar because I posted, I think last week and, you know, there was, we came up into this imbalance, right? At that point, price was kind of indecisive, came right back down into this imbalance.
It's not really a big range. Then I started to see interest once it came down to this imbalance because we were drawing up to these highs and this imbalance up here. But it seems like all it wanted was these highs. After this kind of reaction, after price getting above there, that tells me that the sell side is being seek now.
You know, this order block's probably been mitigated. We can say that. I think it went down to the mean threshold right off of it. So that order block's mitigated. I'm actually going to take that level off my chart. This is how you build that narrative. So, you know, we've got liquidity raid. We just marked in the lower time frame. And you can see it all in the high time frame just as easily. We raid one side, we go for the other. And you can trade intraday on the way to that. Also, DXY.
Look at that. I mean, we've been, I talked about this imbalance. I think I said funds over whenever I hit it, but you can see this reaction, super impulsive move away. If we go to the four hour, four hour change of character here or here, whatever you mark, right? So lower timeframes are bullish at an internal level. Higher timeframe swing structure is bullish. Our overall draw on liquidity for DXY is going to be this weekly fair value gap all the way from 2002.
Because yes, we are in a monthly supply candle, but this is where dumb smart money will screw you. Everybody said we're in an order block going down. We've been pumping, which that might be right, but whenever you have a monthly fair value gap, weekly fair value gap, clean high, just above, price is going to gravitate to that. So I'm looking for that to be our final push up, maybe even higher, because if you look at our monthly price delivery array, we've got...
an order block here and the most recent bearish order block that's low is not touching this candles is all the way up here
So if you take this candle right here, draw it out. There's no bearish order blocks that are more recent than this candle that haven't touched into it. So we've got that. That's really the range we're playing in. And also look what else is at equilibrium. That imbalance is right at equilibrium of that range. So that's going to be a high value area for me. So I think that daily looks bullish as can be in my opinion. I haven't got a daily change of character to confirm that daily pullback is over.
You know, our structure, we had to break a structure, pull back where? Into an imbalance, break a structure, pull back where? Into an imbalance. I mean, it's not, it's pretty clear in my opinion. What would invalidate this for me? If we expanded down and took out these lows and close under them. Other than that, the daily is still bullish. Also, I appreciate you too, Milo. So much love.
With the way Bitcoin is moving, do I think we will have some reaction at order block fair value gap before the introduction of demand? I'm not sure what order block you're talking about, but...
I'm guessing this one down here, maybe. I would expect a push down into this area. Yes, this is where I would expect that. A push down into these lows, into this fair value gap. That's where you're going to see any kind of demand be introduced, if it's even going to be. Because here's the...
you know, other situation we might run into, let's just say it fills the imbalance and then, you know, we make an imbalance in the way. So like, let's say price flushes down in this next daily candle all the way down here and closes there. Well, then you've got a daily imbalance. That's going to be, so, you know, you're kind of tightening up that price section where now we're going to come up into a new imbalance. Then what? Then you've got lows. And that's where you see bearish institutional structure come into play. The range of 22.8 K.
22.8. Oh, no, I wouldn't look for anything here because you have all this liquidity right below you. I'm not sure how much you watched, but I did go over some of that from the beginning. We have this range. We deviated above. We took out the buy stops. Now, Bitcoin's most likely going for these sell stops. Or if it doesn't, I see it coming down here and then coming up to maybe one of these imbalances it makes on the way down.
On that note, though, guys, I am going to hop off here. I really appreciate you all coming through. Hopefully this is helpful. If you have any questions, you know how to get through to me. And yeah, I appreciate all of you guys until tomorrow. I will see you later. Peace.
