Exactly. And then we're just in a fucking... Yeah, like... When I was... Why does my computer want to be slow right now? I don't know where. Every time I... If I, like, close my computer and then I start a new... Like, start Brave again and it, like, opens up old windows, I feel like they always are slower for the first little bit. I want this slow to get taken right here.
Okay, I'm literally about to just open the window because this is not working. I'm about to, I was building a PC the other night on NZXT. We're going to sell off heavy. The Dallas game in negative. Yeah, because really right here.
i don't know i guess maybe it's just my computer because everything's slow but um right here i wanted this low to get taken we do have some like it's mitigated on the 15 minute but i'm sure there's something lower that's unmitigated down on this candle but i mean really mang actually pointed this out to me this four hour imbalance right here looks nice with this low that clean low that almost cleared it um i overall though like i know we just filled the gap and you know if we get like another like
if we close red today like don't make a higher high than we've made and then we close red again tomorrow i'll be looking for like probably like way down here like previous monthly lows and previous weekly lows i think we might have three days of red if we have that then i'm looking for well it's that thing is too we have the uh the only thing is with the interest rates i mean earnings too but i'm more concerned with the interest rates than anything right now
I feel like they're priced in already this time around. But the only thing is, if somehow, some way, we do start to rally, I mean, with SPY, these daily levels that I marked, like this daily order block right here, just the biggest candle, and then we have buy side liquidity at these highs, and then clean ass equal highs up here. So it's like, I mean, that's crazy. That's way off. But I mean, the only thing is too,
on the weekly we went up in the premium of this fair value gap and this weekly order block so i don't think that you know it's a requirement or likely necessarily for us to go up here but that's all depends on um a lot of these earnings reports and stuff of that nature all i'm watching this week are these pairs like i was watching too many pairs again um bitcoin i think at this point oh wow i didn't even i hadn't looked at bitcoin this morning yeah bitcoin looks horrible
At this point where we're at here, I mean, I'm going to start probably just looking for shorts instead of trying to catch any longs up to this imbalance because the weekly imbalance, I think we bounced right off of EQ.
like right off of it yeah so bitcoin's looking super super rough at this point i'm targeting these i'm going to build my trade ideas we're targeting this 18 780 um and also 2764 these are like the two next targets for me because we now we just cleared the previous weeks like the body's equilibrium so um that would lead me to believe that especially this week early in the week that we're drawing the liquidity under that also if you look i mean we pushed hard
So price is reaching for something, and there's literally nothing except these relatively equal lows and then these relatively equal lows. And that's also the previous weekly low. So at this point, I'm just going to be looking to – I wanted to short off of this zone right here, this little flip zone.
Um, last night I was literally watching this and could have taken it, but I was kind of just forward testing it. So this was a nice, there was a liquidity raid right here. And then, um, we had a breaker block entry, but what I was watching for, what fuck, I didn't plot this until after it happened, but I was watching for it to come back into this candle or to the five minute candles, but it didn't. And I was like, man, what the, like, what did it react off of? But it's super clear. Now that breaker block is what it came off of. And it came right. It didn't go past equilibrium of it either.
but right off of it so that was the the snipe entry but um it's all right we came down here and then really at this point you know i'm just looking to enter on any fair value gap um on the way down but i'm kind of mixing some supply and demand looking at uh where price came into this demand right here then the demand failed this is really my pico area right now for bitcoin is 22 539.3 that's where i want to
be a seller at as long as price you know but it's weird because we still have some imbalances to the upside um you know all this can we can go fill up all this spy has like a really bullish day i think a really nice i've noticed that um bitcoin moves more with nos oh yeah this was clean i didn't even watch this this morning i don't know why i was watching spy instead look at that candle shelf off the daily order book too
Yeah, NOS looks ready to go. 11.352. If we get under 12.200, I'll be looking for 11.350. And really lower, but that'd be the next target. Fair value gap smacked. Really, it looks like... I like this zone right here, too. This whole zone right there.
I quoted you this morning, just like five, 10 minutes ago. I see. Hold on. I was telling somebody, I was like, bro, if you can't see the liquidity, you are the liquidity. Oh, yeah. Literally, bro. Hedges when you're on the right side of the market. I'm like, I don't hedge on my FTMO like that. I don't know.
Bro, I mean, hedges are cool if you're in a long swing. Say if you're up, up. But other than that, I feel like it's just a psychological trap, bro. It is. It literally just causes you to reverse your bias and then you go with the wrong bias. This literally happened to me last week. Not with hedging, but reversing my bias. I was in a trade. It was up. And then I sold the trade that was up and took a trade in the opposite direction.
Because it gave the setup. And it was a lot. But then it literally just got stopped. And I was like, nice. Good job. Yeah, like right now options are getting clapped. Because the volatility in the market at the beginning of the day was like through the fucking roof. So people are buying puts and calls. And then your premium isn't moving. Like you're risking $380 a contract.
And it only went up $15. And that was your TP. Yeah, that's no fun. No fun at all. It's kind of fucking with people right now. What's ETH doing? Yeah, ETH went for all this. I took a trade last night and it stopped me and then completely went in the direction I wanted. Honestly, one thing I will say with...
Crypt on the weekends, it's ruthless, dude. It is. I got wicked out five times, but it was small stops, but I got literally wicked out. Granted, I made my money back and made profits, but that shit was crazy. It has me doubting my life. Yeah. I was actually talking to somebody that I know pretty well. They've been an ICT student since.
like 2017 and they're like super down that rabbit hole but they were basically i was just talking to what he's like i just think that trading crypto is like the biggest waste of talent you could ever have i was like damn i was like that's like a dark way to put it but i mean like i don't know i mean he's not wrong you know i i'll never not trade crypto but i mean just being honest like
It's cool to swing, but trying to day trade it whenever you have access to stuff like the S&P and the NASDAQ, it's like, why? Oh, this is another setup I'm watching coming this week, USDCAD. Originally, I wanted... Looking at the monthly PD array, you have this monthly order block here, and then the next candle with that low that doesn't touch this candle's high is all the way up here. I wanted to ping-pong between...
this range right there, those two lines I just drew. But, um, and then if you look also on this monthly order block, if we go, um, I think it was a daily actually. Yeah. There was a daily order block that formed like right here, but this one, I was looking at both of this candle and this candle. So this candle, I mean, we did get a reaction off of it, but for me, like since we, um, took this low right there,
like that tells me it wants lower and it's just engineering liquidity at these lows. So I want to, if I can get a retrace up to like, I mean, especially this daily order block, actually I meant to put this in the body. If I can get a retrace up to there, I'll look for shorts. And I don't even usually trade this pair, but one thing I've been trying to do recently too, is like watch the calendar. And then like, I'm literally, cause people don't want to play like high volume or like play news events, but I've been some doing some back testing.
I mean, literally, dude, if you, um, you just play lick raids, like you can play the, like, I almost want to start watching around for high impact news. Like last week, look at this. This one's got me big sad. I put this on Twitter and everything. I didn't, hopefully somebody capitalize off of it. Where was it? I don't think it's this one.
Yeah. I'm still going to, if it comes up to where I want it to, but like, so there was, yeah, there was interest rates on the Euro. This was when that happened, that big pump, but like price came into this, right. And then got a nice liquidity rate. So we came up into that and you got your, I guess I'd say really this was your break of structure. I think was right over here.
And then I waited. I was like, okay, well, I was watching, I think, this candle and that candle up there. And I waited. No, no, it was this candle up here. It was the top one. So I waited and was like, okay, when price comes up here, I'm going to watch for confirmation. And it rated it, which I expected because this was when the interest rate came out. It was 8.30 a.m.
it literally just dumped and i was like oh hell yeah there's my confirmation entry and it just didn't it just did and it already cleared two of the tps that i wanted it to hit which you know geez like right now bro this green candle on the smp just fucked all the shorts up in the stock market like holy shit oh yeah this is actually everybody just got plugged i mean i'm not sure if i'm gonna aggro this but i mean because we did run
oh no i'm waiting yeah we did run two lows but we still have this main low yeah i would wait for that low to get taken out yeah i mean i could see it go from here to be dead honest i definitely could but um i'm not gonna i just don't like it whenever all that because i've seen that happen like you'll get the setup like the model and it'll give you what it happens is it'll move like
it'll do like a, like an EQ tap of like the, um, like the impulse move. If there's like a POI around there, like maybe this block right here or something, I don't know. Might go farther, but sometimes it'll go into that and then come down and take the low. But I mean, it's giving me the lick rate entry. Cause if you look, it's like, yeah, it could have turtle soup long that bitch.
is that how many pips is that um honestly for this i don't use that i just use like the low dude because i've if it like if this comes back under this low and comes under this you're gonna see like it's gonna for a second it's gonna bleed like 20 pips is gonna get probably hit well depending on your broker i guess because a lot of brokers it's just one-to-one because the contract size is one-to-one so it'll be just like a dollar is a pip i guess or or well no
be like ten dollars as a pip if you're going by but i mean really the pips like the pnl is always gauged off of like a hundred thousand contract size because it's currencies um
and also when i'm using this i try to use like more like naked eye market structure because like technically you know you could have said oh right here was a break of structure because this candle you know failed to take the previous candles low and that that would be like the internal way to do it but for me i'm just kind of like watching more like um what one would perceive i guess like a naked eye confirmation which would be like this right here you broke it with displacement
so like that would be where you would take it but for me um because you know your stop loss let's just say you took it there stop loss is going to be right above like equal or right at equal lows so for me it's just like no and then your your take profit i mean it's just not there for me personally that's that's one thing with the lick rates or maybe if you move it down you could say okay well then we have a three to one then it's like theoretically would be acceptable but um
I'm just going to chill on it while we have these equal lows down below. I want to get into some Bitcoin trades. I haven't traded crypto as much recently, but this shit is just in its own world right now. I do like that zone up there.
Because now Bitcoin, we went straight for the previous week's equilibrium. We got a nice little reaction off of it, but that tells me that this week might want to reach lower. Also, again, that weekly imbalance hit EQ on the dot. We saw price pushed away from it pretty rough. So, you know, if we look at the daily, it wants this down here. I could see some.
redistribution type action going up into this area up here. This is really the next place I would be interested in Bitcoin. Ethereum. Look at Ethereum. This actually looks a little bit more plausible. I don't know, though. I think that Ethereum still has some more upside. Because, you know, theoretically you did get...
Your change of character right there, if you count this, but this to me looks like just a fat-ass liquidity raid, so I wouldn't really call it a break of structure. That would lead us needing to come down under this still for me. I saw someone in 4x check caught this move. My brain's just not trained to watch gold. I don't know why. Like, I charted it out for the week. I honestly want gold to come higher this week. I want it to come into this fair value gap here. That seems like what it's drawing towards.
Actually, if we draw a line on that daily order block, that comes right at this fair value gap. There might be a buying opportunity here, but we'll see how that plays out. What's the S&P doing? It's almost 11 o'clock. And what's up, Adeliki? I just not saw that comment. You been eating any Wagyu? Absolutely. I'm actually going to cook one up today. I've been on that pescatarian life for like a week now.
Yeah, last night I had a bunch of tuna. It was pretty good. I'm going to start cooking you two. That's actually pretty smart because you do cook a lot. And those do well.
That's what I always tell people, bro. Like, if you do anything that you enjoy, like, and you're cool with, like, comfortable with, like, video and shit, just put it on. Like, you never know. That shit can pop off. Have you seen Timmy cooking? Um... If you look at... No, Timmy. Timman. Oh, oh. I was like, he don't cook. No, Timmy. I've been teaching him how to cook. He didn't...
He told me that he's only had, like, scrambled eggs in his life, bro. I taught him how to make, like, different variations of eggs. Like, I taught him how to make banana nut bread. Like, the best banana nut bread you can make. I remember when I watched that Gordon Ramsay, like, how to cook eggs. I thought I was, like, the egg chef, bro. Yeah, I taught him how to cook eggs Japanese style.
It's crazy. What's that? What's Japanese-style eggs? You know how they... I don't know if you've ever seen how they lay a bed of rice, and then they cut it in half, and then all the eggs spill out. Yeah, like that. Yeah, I have seen that. Yeah, it comes out super fluffy. It's crazy. We're right back. I'm going to make some coffee. I'm going to have coffee this morning. Where is the midnight open at?
It did react nice to that midnight open candle. That's another strategy I've been using for indices. If you go to the one hour and find just like the midnight candle, if it's an order block, oftentimes you can watch that zone for a potential reversal, just a level. It's not something to trade off of. You can see we did get somewhat of a reaction off of it. They're not like pinpoint snipe levels, but you can use them in confluence with other stuff. So I can see how it runs right into this fair value gap.
That's interesting. I'm not sure exactly what I would make of that. It's not like, oh, okay. But a lot of times you can find that algorithmic footprint if you look hard enough and just study stuff. I'm always trying to...
learn more about how price delivery works. So I always just mark stuff up. If you're not going to use a trade and see how it reacts to that midnight level. So we did just get that break of structure and a, I guess technically the break should be up here for like a supply and demand perspective right there. But maybe whenever I'm playing these liquidity rate models, I'll look for a,
Just a break of the most recent high.
Overall, from this point of market structure, like internally, we look like this broke structure right there. If you count that, this was a lick rate, but we kind of broke structure there, came down, price came back up into a POI and a fair value gap. Here's the one hour POI, came into that fair value gap. We saw the 15 minute change of character. This is kind of what I framed my morning trade off of. 15 minute change of character, price immediately went back into
this newly introduced supply. The five minute was bearish already, like the internal structure was bearish. So I just went straight to a one minute. And as soon as I got this right here.
I just marketed. I ended up getting into like 30, I think it was like month 39, 79.3 and 39, 78.5 because it was moving. That's the only downside about we have to open over 100 lots using the funded. But yeah, for me, I could use a tighter stop, honestly, but I just use the stop up here. Kind of wish I'd use a tighter stop, but it's all right. That's just kind of to recap this morning's trade.
I don't know what I have to do. If somebody knows, put it in the comments. How do you get TradingView to just actually mirror your drawings? I just don't understand. I don't want to have to have three charts open for it to mirror my levels across.
multiple charts. I just don't understand it. I really don't. What I'm doing right now is trying to see if I can see any kind of smart money divergence between the three indices. If you could see, for instance, here's actually a really good example. So right here, we're seeing lower lows in both the NASDAQ
and the S&P, but we're seeing higher low here. Now, ideally what we want to see is a higher high. We haven't seen that. This is kind of the beginning of it. Now, if you would have seen, let's just say you saw two lower lows and lower highs on the NASDAQ and the S&P, and then you saw a higher high on the US 30, that would possibly indicate accompanied with other analysis that the US 30 was being distributed because you want to see a confluence of movement between all three.
So that's something you can use. We went over that in the private class as well. It's similar to when you use the dollar index with currencies, like foreign currencies.
Yeah, these are the main setups I'm watching this week. NASDAQ and SPY, especially all these earnings reports for the SPY or for S&P. I think there's over 70% of companies indexed on the S&P 500. They have earnings reports this week. We also have interest rates this week. So it's going to be super, super volatile. Just overall, really crazy week with news.
So gold always is going to move crazy on these news weeks. Really for me, with gold, what I want to see is price. If we can hold above the mean threshold of this order block right here, the equilibrium of the body of this candle, I'm going to probably look for this fair value gap here as to frame trades around intraday. I mean, I know we have these weekly lows right here, but we've seen gold always reacts.
Pretty crazy once it gets down to this level. I could see us pushing back up, kind of cleaning out some of this liquidity and then pushing down. That's kind of where I sit with gold, but I think it's still developing. I think something in the Discord actually caught a short off of this. Let me find it so you guys on YouTube can see. Where is it?
Yeah, it's like we have literally people all the time are just killing shit on their own. It feels good to finally hit something again. Thanks for seeing your charts. I didn't even take the trade, but one of the other analysts here, Flo, and I, we've been chatting about gold, and somebody else capitalized off of this move, so that's always nice to see people just making money on their own. Let's see what she's doing.
I'm interested to see, for the purpose of science, how we react here. Because it looks like this midnight candle is pushing right through the mean threshold of this fair value gap there on a one minute. Maybe it's going to be right in the middle on a two minute. Let's see. I don't know. It's still a little bit around it. Sometimes I kind of just play around with the different time frames and see.
you know, what, what fair value gap looks the cleanest. Like for instance, this one, the five minutes actually pretty clean.
But again, personally, I can't I don't ever trade if there's this much liquidity right under us. And I also could see this turning into a three drive. So, you know, and this isn't my theory. This is an ICT theory. But usually each accumulation phase has three drives when you're coming into an area of sell side liquidity. So, you know, it might react to a fair value gap, you know, the early support.
preliminary support for Wyckoff people, and then it comes down and gets that spring into the final stop for me, which would be this low right here. It seems like we cleared out everything but that low. It's not required, but it is something to keep in mind whenever you're looking at price action intraday.
This is where we started to see displacement after coming in and failing this old imbalance. I think it was like a 15-minute or something. Yeah, this 15-minute imbalance right here. We came down, saw that break of structure. That told us that Smart Money was cleaning up those orders that were left behind just to push back up and mitigate into that one-hour POI. Overall, structure is not looking too bullish on a 15-minute.
The one minute here is showing some signs of strength after we rated that low. But, you know, it's always, for me, it's hard to long into stuff that has equal lows right below. But I definitely see the setup. I definitely see it.
This four-hour internal structure would lead me to target this low right here. But I have, and I've noted this with you guys too, I usually look at things more from a perspective of liquidity than supply and demand. I mean, I definitely use supply and demand to trade indices, but usually it's seeking liquidity because we have a lot of institutions trading these markets, the futures markets. So you're going to see price really seek out liquidity to fill those big orders.
And a lot of times you can kind of tell which liquidity we're seeking within the first 15 minutes. Like literally, if you go back and back test this, if you put a line on your chart at 9.30 a.m., within the first 15 minutes, you can tell what liquidity we're seeking. Today was kind of weird. It was already obvious before that, that, you know, we, you know, as soon as 9.30 opened, we pushed down. We were seeking that sell side, induced the early longs, came out and cleared them again. And then we saw that displacement here. That's what you want to see.
If you are looking to go long as you want to see a price push under those lows, which we got right here. And then you want to see a break of structure shifting to a opposing narrative than what the liquidity rate was directed at. And then from there, that's where you want to see that displacement return into this fair value gap. And then that's where one with long.
One thing I've been kind of back testing a little bit, mainly just forward testing, is using the 15 second to confirm some of these fair value gaps. Just like you confirm a one minute POI. Now, personally, I never recommend using a stop loss based off of such a low time frame, but you can use it if you're looking at a zone like, curious, is this zone going to hit or is it not? You can kind of use that as a...
I guess kind of like an extra confluence. What's DXY doing? This is something else I wanted to point out. Really, the only level that's interesting me with the DXY is down this daily imbalance here. I think that we're going to see a push into that, whether it goes all the way down, but somewhere into this, which would lead to a short-term bullish narrative for...
You know, obviously it matters with all markets that are denominated by the dollar, but I've seen quite a few times where, you know, the DXY is moving in the same direction as indices lately. Like, let's just see.
Casper, you think we come up to the order block on a 15-minute on the S&P 500 for another sell, the morning high? Let's see. Up here? Where we have those equal highs right there on the 15-minute. Well, I don't know if it looks like that on the XPS 500, but it looks like that on the futures contract. I mean, right here where we're at, it's starting to give that buy signal. I mean, I see what you're talking about up here. Like this area, it's potential. I would definitely use a confirmation entry for sure.
For sure. Because, I mean, also, like with DXY, that daily imbalance is kind of lurking down here. And if we start to pull towards that, that could push these markets to the upside. Also, the S&P seems to be reacting nicely to whatever fair value gap. It really didn't touch the two or three minute. I think it went to the five minute, though. It seems to be reacting nicely so far.
I think it's going to go a little lower. Ideally, what I would really like to see is one last push under that 15-minute low, and that would give us a potential three-drive right here. And then I would long it up into that area that you're talking about, and that would be dunzo for me if we got that all today, which I don't know if we will or not. It's already 11. Yeah, I think we could definitely.
Bro, it's just clearing premium from options expeditiously. Yeah.
that's it's this is some i wouldn't i'm gonna test it i'm gonna forward test this because it's also that midnight open candle if you go in the one hour and you just find like the new york midnight candle and draw like if it's an order block or find the closest order block to it it's not something like trade off of but like like for instance you can see that you just have it on there to watch yeah i've been kind of just so like in this example you can see price kind of starts to react to it it's just like a potential area and
i mean if we look at a five minute and you can't really see any it's like okay what does that mean but the one minute you can see it's somewhat reacting to it a little bit nothing crazy and then it's also almost eq of this for value gap so i'm just interested in it i'm not gonna i haven't used it enough to like frame any kind of trades off of it ever but um it's a newer concept that i've kind of been exploring like on uh
I think I drew it out really far on, or no, this is not it. On CAD. Bonds are pulling back up right now, so. What is it? Bonds are pulling back up a little bit. Oh, bonds, bonds. Yeah. Also, I need to see where the session liquidity is on some of these indices. Yeah, because we removed Tokyo, all that Tokyo liquidity too on NASDAQ, and that was what we were responding to on the S&P. Yeah.
So that's interesting. Yeah, those cells this morning were good as fuck. Yeah, for sure. I'm glad I took them. It was before time, but I was like, you know, one thing I've learned is you're playing like liquidity rates. It's different. Like you want to make sure like the time efficiency is there. But.
if I see what I need from a supply and demand perspective, I've learned just take it. You know what I mean? Like literally if it's, you know, I mean, cause there's been so many times where I've been watching like indices, like an Asia session and I'll see a setup that I'm like, okay, that's good. But, oh, but it's Asia.
And if it's a scalp, just take it. If it's giving you what you need, you know what I mean? Just fucking take it. But if it's liquidity raids, I try not to play those unless they are in session.
Have you ever tried doing the 20 pip down from the liquidity rate? You know, I haven't personally, but I mean, I'm sure it could probably work. I know you know what I'm talking about. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 20 to 50 pip long under the...
I think that, like, I mean, I don't know. It's just maybe I'm a little biased because that's, like, against what my style would be. You know what I mean? But it's hard for me to make myself do shit like that, to be honest. It's like, oh, fuck it long. I think that's technically the turtle soup model.
Yeah, it is. He just says that he finds the low that you think is going to get liquidated, and then he just does 20 pips under the low, the wick low. He says 20 to 30 pips under, and then with a 20 pips stop for a total of 50 pips, and your risk is 20 pips. I've tested it on certain things, and it kind of works.
But I don't know if I want to risk 20 pips. That's what I'm saying. I mean, like, if I'm trading certain pairs, that's, like, almost normal, like, GJ or something. But I don't know. Yeah, it's just.
Oh, and our Dallas Fed numbers came back negative again, so that was pretty bad. Now we just got to wait for the GDP to come back negative again. And then, yeah. And coffee's going up in price, which is really disturbing, just so you know. Dude, honestly, I've thought about trading some of the commodity markets recently, but they're rude. But you can like... Coffee futures are up $2, bro. I like the orange juice. Mine are delayed. I don't have industry data. I need to get it.
Like, dude, this shit trades crazy, bro. Like, crazy. If you were to trade daily supply to me, I'm like, okay, there's your internal break of structure there. You could have just used this entire area up to the high.
I was back testing orange juice because Glacier said something about orange juice futures. And I was like, bro, you could have made a fucking bag off this shit, bro. Literally, like if you were to just if you're playing fair value gaps because you would have been right here. That would have been your change of character. And you could have either waited for up here or just waited for the fair value gap and waited for this 15 minute confirmation. Why is this just showing London session only? It's weird.
I guess it's only open certain hours or something. Yeah, but it still shouldn't be London, though. I don't know. But if you just use a 15-minute confirmation and just shorted, like, if you're, like, swinging something, bro, you would have gotten paid off that shit, bro. Because this would have been a clear stop and then just rode that shit. Like, if you're using the daily, it would have been all the way down to, like, here, at least a week low down here. And it would have been so clean.
It looks like S&P by my P&L is doing that thing again. Now it's in this zone. Yeah, it's in there. I don't know where I could have caught a sell on there because I closed out my position on that wick. That sounds like done. Yeah. Nice. I'm still 60% of the position in. Damn, I feel like I should have gotten those options contracts.
FOMO, FOMO, FOMO, FOMO, FOMO. They went up like that. Oh, that's a different one. Never mind. They're only in 40 bucks. Risk $520 to make 40 bucks. How's that sound, Casper? Right. Fuck. It should accelerate right now. The whole market's selling off. Yeah, I want these lows down here.
Because I just don't see, like, if these lows weren't here, like, say, if we pipped this low and then got this, I would have longed that. But since we didn't, that just tells me this is kind of inducing those early longs. Oh, shit, there it goes. Come on.
Yeah, like with S&P too, it's really easy if you're playing like some of these liquidity concepts, it's easy to switch. Like you can psych yourself out because like you'll see, it's like here, it's like, oh, right at Tokio Lose, you can rationalize shit. Like I reread, well, I'm still in the process of rereading it, but Trading in the Zone, and I haven't read that in a really long time.
Really, the last time I read it, I was trading a lot, but this wasn't my full-time focus of all my energy.
I read it again and I was like, damn, that shit, it hits, bro. It really, because like it, it just goes into so much shit that like now as a more professional trader, it means it hits differently, if that makes sense. Especially like when you're doing, trying to go like the fund, because the funded psychology is different, bro. That's a different, that's a different.
different whole different beast bro yeah bro than trading with your i'll like i used to just dj and like crypto futures and shit but it's like there's like a as like as a trader there's like a pride i don't want to call it pride i mean that just being real though it is like it's like bitch i ain't feeling no fun i'm getting my fun i'm gonna get three fun you know what i mean which is dumb but it's it's there and as long as you're aware of it you can you know mitigate that pretty easily but it brings back i guess what what it does
um, or what it will do if you're not careful is it brings back that fear of being wrong. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's like, it's the, whenever I started actually being consistent, like I used to just be like a, like when I first, when I got from the point from where I was like, not profitable to like, you know, okay, I'm making money. It was always like pump and dump. Like I would make a shitload of money, you know, when I was starting, when I finally, this is like,
really like when I first started trading leverage heavy, it's like I would make a shitload of money and then I would like lose a shitload. Like I'd still be in the positive, but it wasn't like, it wasn't what you and I wanted it to be. And I realized like literally the main thing that was like the culprit of that was usually the fear of leaving money on the table after you've made a bunch or just one of the trading fears is like the four fatal fears, which, you know, it's like fear of missing out, fear of being wrong.
fear of losing money and then fear of leaving money on the table. But as soon as you completely just like detach from all that shit, bro, it's just, it's cause people like I was talking to somebody that they're like, Oh, I read part of that book, but like, I don't understand how that's really going to help you. It doesn't even go anything about the technicals. And I'm like, dude, what the fuck? I'm like, did you even read? I know. I'm like, that's literally the point, bro. Like, did you even read the fucking book? Like they probably read like the preface where like, yeah, no charts. Fuck this.
Damn. I didn't know that. Actually, let me look it up. Because somebody told me he was dead. I didn't know that. R.I.P. Mark Douglas. Somebody told me that. They're like, he's dead now. Oh, he did. Damn. I didn't know that. I knew because he told me. Because I was like, damn, it would be crazy to go to like a. Because I was watching the videos on YouTube he had where he had like a seminar. Where like you can watch those. And then he died in 2015. R.I.P. to a legitimate goat.
His bio on Google, the last bit says, he lives in Great Falls with his parents, brother Jack, his dog, and Sabrine, which I guess his wife says, ironically, he also kind of hates sports. That's just the closing thing. Yeah, see, this pushed super hard into that. It's filled all inbounces now, which I wouldn't say that it's just...
you know, down for the count, but you'd want to see really a reaction above this because that was another thing with this trade for me is the strategy that I use is take a fib from the impulse move of the morning, which to me would just be this whole move.
And then you want to target some kind of POI in a premium. Really, on like a five minute, I mean, there's nothing that's not mitigated except maybe just like this high here. So it was like, you know, that would be your first TP. You know, if you're going to long, let's just say you long from the top of the thing. It's like, what? That's just not it. Just simply not it. But it's still interesting to see how price reacts because when using these liquidity concepts, you can actually.
You can see a trade opportunity unfold, but a big thing with them is it's just not a trade you want to take. But it's still educational to watch and see how stuff reacts and just kind of learn from it. There's always something to be gained, whether it's money or a lesson.
Or just data. You know what I mean? That's how I know I'm a price action junkie. I just can watch charts and it's like not even for any monetary reason.
I would need to meet with Frizz. I was supposed to... We were going to get on a call and I'm trying to help him get this indicator done for internal structure. Oh, he's still working on it? Yeah. Because that shit would be... Yeah, I told Flo and a couple guys that he was working on it. I told Flo and JL and they were like, no, it's not going to work. I'm like, bro, you just don't... It's going to work.
It's going to work. It's not that difficult for that indicator. It definitely will work. Here's the thing. It's funny you said that because I was talking to somebody in a Twitter space yesterday. Somebody asked, what do you think about a smart money indicator to trade? They're like, oh, that would never work. You can't do that. I'm like, what are you talking about? We're literally trying to trace an algorithm. What the fuck are you saying?
like they definitely can like the principle of the matter was like maybe that certain ones wouldn't work but if you have a uh
If you're trying to track an algorithm and you're trying to say that you couldn't use a machine-learned strategy to trade, it's just completely redundant. I mean, I'm not saying it would be easy, but it's definitely possible. Oh, yeah, it wouldn't be easy, but you and I both know that it's completely possible. Again, that's what I was getting at with Frizz. I was like, yo, watch the market structure video on Photon, and if you want to help anyone, just build that.
he's saying make it mechanical if you build that it'll be night and day for anybody because it'll be it'll make it easier on us and we already know what we're doing because we just flick to any chart any time frame and it orients us like bam it's not that we don't know how to find our market structure it's just that it's quicker it makes us not waste as much time on that and we can look for what we want to look for within the chart
exactly because that that would be the way only way i would use it like i would personally never set a bot with it but what i would do is um i would just like set it like you need to add an alert on it like somehow like if there could somehow be like you know um like a um oto alarm system like where like your it's like your poi hits and then it looks for like the next time frame down internal breaker structure
That would be like, then it's like, you don't have to watch it as much. Like, okay, it's like, oh, a 15 minute POI hit on, you know, Bitcoin. Now the, you know, the indicator is, you know, that alert triggered another alert to be set for a break of structure in that zone.
or the next break of structure or something yeah you know that would be pretty crazy but that would be hard to code frizz is pretty smart though like he does it quickly too like he'll just pop up with a new indicator yeah i told him i asked him if he could do it for td ameritrade for the thinkorswim platform because if we do it in the thinkorswim platform like with this orb strategy we use you can literally buy the options from the
Using those levels when they trigger, if you feel that the POI is good, you could set it to do an OCO order, a conditional order, and it'll just buy and sell for you at the perfect price point. But you're not, there's no slippage.
That would be fucking nuts, bro. This guy ICT on Twitter, he set a space. He set a space. He set a space. He set a space literally an hour ago. He said he was going to be on at 11, right? And then he says space will be. He's late. He ain't slick. He said space will begin at 1130 dealing with the Hellcat dealer.
This fucking guy. Okay. That's fucking funny. That's hilarious. It was a good shakeout. That was really, really good. Yeah. For me, I'm probably gonna...
Like once we get under this low, I'll probably shave off another half of what's left. So I'll be out of the position, you know, two thirds. And then after that, I mean, dude, I'm probably just going to ride the rest out until either, you know, in the end of day or really this low over here.
Even if this is some kind of distribution, it looks like we haven't really got a UTAD yet. I'm not really a Wyckoff guy, but what I would say would probably be like, okay, we're down here. You get that sign of weakness. You maybe come under this low or under this low. You come under it, and then you see a big push. That would be...
but i would probably see but this would also his main point of this out to me this poi has my attention right now this little air value gap fill right there and it's under a low i was looking at that's on the four hour right yeah yeah yeah yeah and there's a daily um imbalance just under it too like if you look at the daily imbalance it gets filled just under it and then the previous week's eq would be down there which the only thing is though you want to stay above that previous week's eq
so if you look at that if you look at that zone that you're looking at that's a supply and demand flip zone that i have marked off on my chart yeah this whole thing right here yeah i'm looking at just the i marked it off from the inside bar from the previous where your line starts right here yeah no well the previous one before that where those wicks are yeah yeah yeah i have the whole thing marked up to the side it covers the two wicks
on those two bars that you have where the daily imbalances and the stretches across the fair value. Yeah, no, I could definitely see that.
Yeah, I would grab the 50%. Well, what I don't like is that on the four hour, there's still more liquidity to the downside. So it's like, is that POI going to work? Is it going to be lower? Because there's another supply and demand flip zone on there. Yeah, I don't know. This week's going to be interesting, man. Because what I could see is a push down into this imbalance, maybe. Because if I'm looking at just a daily of SPY, I know everybody's looking at this gap, and I am too.
But like if I don't get some, you know, price showing me at once to go lower, I'm looking for it higher, like much higher. You know what I mean? And depending on how the interest rate, like earning rate earnings and shit is definitely important for sure. Don't get me wrong. But I'm more concerned with interest rates because.
I don't know. I mean, if those interest rates are higher, which they should be, but I don't know if they'll do that just for the sole reason of what would happen. If you ever want to know what the Fed might be pricing in for futures, you just got to look at the Fed futures and they'll tell you what the Fed most likely will price in. So right now they're at 75%. Sorry.
at 70 75 but um there's uh
you'll be able to see there's a chart that just charts futures for the Fed. It's called the Fed Futures chart. And on there, so that's what you could use in correlation. I've been using it a bit. If you see that the Fed Futures is pricing in lower and it comes in higher, you can obviously expect super volatility, but it gives you somewhat of a gauge of what the interest rates will be.
I like using these T-bonds too. And these look bullish as shit right now. I haven't looked at these in a while. This is that stream. This is update. Because I remember we went over this. This is where we did that stream. And it was over on this level right here. And we've seen that. No, no, I'm sorry. It was this level over here.
that candle so we've seen that price kind of reacted off that it's not a straightest line but you guys get the picture we see price reacted i mean solid off this so um yeah i don't know man that's interesting because if we see this um push up to the upside a lot which you know that would be anticipating you know as this rising that wouldn't be too good for the markets like it reacted nicely um to that
that little level down there it's fillness and balance but came down farther into this candle right there a lot of times you can pair it like we talked about other downstream you can pair this um the liquidity rate model with uh find a man because like for instance here would have been the one minute like poi probably a five minute too yeah somewhere in here right this candle
I just sent you a chart. It's also from investing.com, but you should check that out. It's just a FedFutures monitoring tool. So that tells you what people...
what the Fed is pricing in at the time. You can see it on the side too, like interest rates and all that good shit. If we got like 275, that'd be fucking nuclear. Well, that's the overall target rate of it. Yeah, yeah. No, no, I know. It's like the lower probability. If they increase it to that, it's fucking nuts. Yeah, it's going to be nuclear. Yeah.
I think it'll probably be 2-5. I really do. That's just me speculating. I'm not going to frame anything off of that or try in any form to capitalize. Yeah, this looks nice, though. This is reacting nicely off these zones.
You know who joined Playbid again, bro? Did you see Fancy? Oh, I didn't see that. Really? Yeah. I saw Trader Tyler was somewhere. Yeah, he was in Free Chat. All these people coming out of the woodworks, their strats aren't working anymore. They're like, I need to make money. Yeah, literally.
That's funny. Fancy. I forgot about fancy. And right now, shorts just got booked. As far as options go. Yeah, people were trying to short right here. I got clapped. Oh, yeah. Yeah, see, like, this gave the setup, but for me, it just, the Wrister Award wasn't there. No, I feel you on that. I'm not doing anything on it. Yeah. If anything, I'd short it off of the order block that's up here. That would make, you know, not even. I wouldn't touch it. I don't know.
Yeah, I'm happy with what I got this morning. So my stops are at entry up here, and then I'll just revisit. But yeah, that would have been a nice little trade if the risk reward would have been. Sometimes that'll give it to you because, for instance, we rated Tokyo lows. I guess there was more liquidity there than there was down here at this low right here.
down here, if we look at that. That's why sometimes these market session indicators can help a lot.
Did you ever get the other one working? Oh, it turns on and off. Where is it? I think I have it on. I'm going to take it off. You're talking about the smart money. Yeah, that one that you found with everything on it. Yeah, it turns off and on, so I just took it off. It was pissing me off. What is this? Why is this up here? I guess I moved this on accident. It's supposed to be right there.
But yeah, it kept just like turning off and on. Also here, I mean, looking at this, we could see even a push up above because like if you see just like session liquidity, we got those equal highs right there. And that would be that inducement as far as... Yeah, I want those to get taken out. That way it induces those longs so we can get some shorts going. Because it'd go like right here. Yeah, those equal highs on ES are too clean. Too clean. Oof.
Yeah, that was the, that's right there. What we were talking about, that was a nice little zone if the risk reward would have been a bit better. And that's how a lot of times too, you can see the, what was it? Oh yeah, you can see the intentions for the day within the first 15 minutes. Like for instance, if you're pushing violently down at open, like I think this right here was a 930 candle.
Usually you're going to have movement back to the upside. Not always, but almost always you're going to have that movement back to the upside. Yep.
What this is telling me, if we start to really push up and we start to push into these areas and still show strength, that's going to lead me with more of a bullish bias for the week. Because if we, you know, if this is just one down candle, you know, like say, because we might see some power of three here. Like if we push down, we are close to the low of the day. And then we close bullish. That'll just show me that the market's still on a buy program as of now. And it will lead me to be more bullish coming into the morning. And then I'll look for raids like this.
And then like frame the trade around that. Also the weekly candle. I mean, looking at the weekly candle, I mean, we have this massive imbalance above and we might still be drawing to that because this weekly candle is really not showing any, this was a strong close. So that would maybe lead me to believe if the daily agrees that we're going to have a bullish week overall.
Especially because the thing is, if those interest rates come out on point, the shit's going to fucking fly. It's going to fly. Well, I shouldn't say it's going to. I wouldn't anticipate it to. Euro just closed. What is it? Euro just closed. It's closing. Oh, oh. You know, that's a volatile time. Yeah, London close.
And so that's another thing I'm trying to, um, let's just see, cause I want to study. So like I was saying before, I've been studying this, um, like once you come to this fair value gap and come into these areas, look at the 15 second and look at this. Like it's every time I've back tested it, it's been clean. I wouldn't ever use it for like an entry limit. Like if, look, if you wait till that 15 second change of character, look at that.
and then you still use this you don't use the stop loss there i mean i wouldn't but you could i would just still use the low that would have given a much better risk reward than just longing up here so i'm still testing this i don't want to use it with live funds yet but there hasn't been a time yet where if the bias was correct that the long was you know that was the move there hasn't been a single time where it hasn't given a um really clean 15 second confirmation so like in this situation
I would just look at the 15 minute. I would personally just be taking that imbalance at the most. So that's still not the risk to reward I would have needed because I need three where I'm not taking it. Or at least if it's like 2.95 or 2.9, I'll take it on these kind of setups. Yeah, I only like taking one to three. Because you can get really good risk to reward and stuff, but if you're trading on a sizable account, three to one is phenomenal. If you're not happy with that in a day,
you're just a greedy bastard. I'm not saying I won't take more, but like, I know that some people when they're new to smart money, it's like you get like, you only want like 30 R, but it's like, I mean, you know, they had definitely, you know, those setups occur, but, um, you don't want to build that expectation. Actually, fuck. I meant to, I have an R message. I'm going to bookmark that. Am I honestly watched for a PM entry to today?
That's one thing, too. Really, if you just wait for either a swing low made after 130 to get violated or a fair value gap in the same direction, the morning move, you can get a nice little PM entry. I mean, it's usually not the best move, but sometimes they can be pretty nice. What's really funny, look, if you would have taken the PM entry last week, because look at this right here.
So look, there was your swing low right there. After it got violated, you'd have went to like a one minute. Anytime after this line, basically after this happens. You know, here would have been your first check. Now you've got an idea. And look at this. It's clean as fucking day. Look at that. You broke that. Fair value gap. This would have been the move. Look, if you would have taken a long look, let's just say right there.
stop under this you'd still be in that shit look at that yeah that would have been but that was like you would have been holding it all weekend which I mean you know that would have been the move so I've seen those PM sessions smack like literally you would have targeted I would have targeted right here that's where I would have been pulling out that 15 minute fair value gap but look at that that would have been nice huh
That's funny. I didn't even go back and reflect on this. But I noticed at the end of last Friday, because basically after that big move happened, I just went. I was like, OK, I'm done. I left and did something. I can't remember. But I wasn't at the house. And I was like, damn. I came back and was back to see. I was like, that was clean as day. It was better than the entry up here.
Because I like them when they move like that, where it's really quick. You raid liquidity immediately, that V-shaped recovery, right back into the fair value gap. And then it's just off to the races. This one up here, when we went over and streamed, this one took a while. This took an hour or two hours or something to get back into that fair value gap.
Let's see what it's reacting to. Oh, it's this fair value gap. It seems like there's some reaction here above that old high. I'd be surprised if that pushed us all the way down, but you never know. I think it's just seeing some supply right there. We'll look at Bitcoin before I get off here. Reacted nicely to that previous week's equilibrium. It seems like it wants to stay above that. We can't even get a 15-minute closure there. Nothing really interesting for me to long just yet.
And it looks like it could be given one of these setups where we want to push up above this, or up into this fair value gap. Check on the two minute, because after we rated this liquidity, I mean, it's honestly giving a similar setup to SPY gave, but no, no fair value gaps here for enter off of. Maybe in a one minute, really not even, I guess there, if you would have counted that. Equal highs up there.
i don't really use this midnight candle strategy at all on bitcoin i'm interested in obviously didn't stop it from going down but it's a bear it would be a bearish order block anyway so looking at it from the midnight because obviously this isn't an order block don't get me wrong people are watching like what the but um i guess if anything it'd probably be up here somebody said how oh you hold the shift key oscar so like if i'm doing this i hold shift and it does that
life-changing also if you want to anchor like so like i'm doing this that's control or command if you're on a mac honestly it's mandatory if you want to have your levels correct this looks like a decent little setup though on um if i can get so where would the next is this is this choppy chop chop like a motherfucker honestly i would say like it's not that pretty though
Stock market just wins the launch. Yep. I'll watch Bitcoin above this level. If we can get Bitcoin to come up above here, I'll look for some kind of demand below. If I get a five-minute confirmation of that, I'll look to long back up into this supply. That's kind of all I'm watching for in Bitcoin. ETH, I'm just chilling on right now. I think it's got some time to develop with it, whatever the fuck it's got going on.
I think it's going to go up to these were playable ones that I like. Cause I don't know where, if they're the same levels, like where he's getting, but I have like the similar levels for like 1776 would be a very nice zone for Ethereum shorts. But then we've got the 1733 weekly imbalance. So there's a lot of potential reversal zones for ETH. And I think that's going to be one of the better opportunities as far as a short goes. What's Nas doing?
I don't know why. I've watched the S&P more than Nas, but I don't know. Nas moves fire, dude. I will say, though, if the S&P starts rallying, dude, I think Nas could make a crazy run because we're really, if it doesn't reverse here, it's going for 13K. Oh, for sure. You know what I'm saying? And honestly, if you look up, then we've got this. I think it's going to pick up the equal highs from the weekly. Is it his 13,550? I just got him off the...
It has equal highs. All the way up here? Oh, no, no, no, not those. Yeah, those right there. These? Yeah. Yeah, that would be insane. It's just because I think SPY can make a push to 430 up to the pivot range and take out all the buy-side liquidity that it has. Yeah, right here. And then finally reverse. Yeah, because it would induce so many longs. People would be like, oh, what recession? What pandemic? There's nothing going on. We're killing it.
literally yeah good luck you know so like on the weekly i have for the smp i have a 430350 there's some nice equal highs right there there's an imbalance right above that with a nice big ass wick above that where my sell side liquidity started or buy side liquidity started so like possibly like 43.70 um and then on the nasdaq i was looking at
13 583 for the first tp on longs and then second would be 14 296 25 there's another set of the the higher one is uh daily and the bottom the lower one is weekly
um equal highs right there yeah i mean that would look really nice you know if we grab the whole range the weekly range we're technically still in uh in discount so you know yeah we get over a discount what at 13 171 75 which is 50 of the wick that was left back on may 2nd which is a nice area
Yeah, that would sweep all the buy side too. I think if we go that high, we'll go to 13,550 just because those equal highs in the daily. But these are pretty picture perfect too. All this up here. I just marked it as a lower one. But what is DXY doing? Just chilling.
damn man got a snipe entry 12 pip stop loss jesus no he had like a he had like a freaking oh yeah 12 pip he had like a dollar stop loss yeah what the fuck is that bro it's like 0.03 stop loss like you said a dollar too like how do i get this stop loss what 15 second time frame like nigga please i think he used like a one minute um ic or something demon time
I like reverse engineering everybody's trades. Yeah, and just like looking. I think he did this right here. I'm pretty sure that was it right here. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was it for sure. That was clean. I traded like off a similar bias, but my stop up here. I think his was a three-minute actually. I think he said. Yeah, it was this one right here. That's what he traded off of. I'm pretty sure. Because I know Mang uses a three-minute a lot. Mang's dialed with the indices.
But damn, what time did this man wake up? I was up pretty early. He took that shit from Friday. I think he took it. I think it was this morning. It was like 8. He's on my time, too, so it's not 8 for us. I'm looking at the chart and that entry. I see it. Yeah, it was from this morning. I was already awake. I don't know why I didn't see this. Or maybe I did, and I'm just looking at the different chart.
There's a price gap a little bit up higher. On Spire? Actually, what's the weekly gap on ES? Is there an opening weekly one? I was looking at ES on the one minute. I don't know about the weekly. There wasn't. That's fucking weird.
Usually there's always a gap on the 15 minute at least. There's literally nothing. Look at this, how it hit last week. Look at this weekly gap. I think it was in the 15 minute last week. That right there. You can literally extend it out and look at this shit, bro. If you can go above that and reprice into it, and then if you look like...
Here and you look for the same pattern. I don't know what trading view just wants to explode when I put it on freaking
replay one minute yeah look if you see that bro you just long like literally and just stop loss under that because that means that it's repricing above that and it's going to seek opposing liquidity on the daily or higher time frames because like like at that end look at that level you were also right pulling out to this but just long that bitch just ride that shit up until you sort of see it reverses like but we didn't get a weekly gap on this week it doesn't look like just weird like super weird
Because it would have been like right around this area. I guess, no, I mean, actually, I mean, technically, you would have had, because the open was right here. Maybe, I'm just going to test this too. Look at that. But I guess because that would have been the open right here. The gap would have been from the previous wick to the open. Because that's where I'm going to build it very quickly. But once it's trading above it.
My charts are also delayed on this, but that's interesting. And also, I bet this opens up with the midnight candle as well. No, it doesn't. Never mind. I'm sorry. Interesting. Yeah, this shit's absorbing some supply right now. Actually, I would really look... Yeah, no, this would be where I'd look to break.
So that's the thing with Bitcoin, like you'll get these liquidity rates, but it doesn't really give like the cleanest setups. I mean, I guess theoretically you got, you know, your break in market structure was here. But all the fair value gaps were cleared by the time you actually got the break, except this one. It's interesting. I'll just wait for the 15 minute.
On that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. What I would watch for if you're trading indices is just watch for the lunch to the end. And then also at 1.30, I would watch for something as whether it's a fair value gap on the lower timeframes, expansion to the upside, or we rate a low or a high. Just watch for a liquidity rate and then see what kind of price action you see from there. Overall, I think we're going to probably end up closing this day.
pushing throughout the rest of the day.
The only thing I would be weary of is those lows we've been talking about on... Damn, I should have been watching NAS this morning. This is what I wanted on S&P. See, we got all the lows we're taking on. I missed NAS this morning. I could only catch the S&P because I had that up. I thought I was hitting market sell on the S&P. Sorry, on NAS, but it was the S&P. This one was clean. Look at that right there.
Just start watching on both monitors. But this was the play right there. Yeah, because the risk to reward was there on this one too. You would have just longed out at the top of that. Stop boss right there. I would have taken all the way up into this zone. That would have been a move. Oh well.
Yeah, guys. I will see you all tomorrow. For the FPG, you would have put your stop below the wick? Yeah. So if I was playing this, I would watch the low of all these lick raids. And then some people put it right here, like under this. I just, I don't know. I've seen, I've never done it, but I've seen a lot of times where I would get sad if I put a wick like that.
yeah that's usually where i put my stop i would just do like no like right here and then like that just and it it gives you less risk reward for sure but i've just it's never happened but because i've never used it but i watch and maybe it's my brain like supporting why i don't do it but i see this shit get clapped and then it runs like a lot especially in the last like two weeks i've seen it come almost down to like this wick like a pip away and then move because that's really the protected low so to speak
This would have already actually, that's my two to one. Yeah. I'm going to watch both of these going into the lunch. I would target probably that those equal highs, but I'm going to watch both of these going into the lunch. I took, I just have a third of my spy position open stops at break even. Hopefully we get a nice little dump. I'd be make it easy for me, but yeah, guys until tomorrow, I will see you guys later. I appreciate you guys. Oh, wait, let's see some of these comments. Oh, and somebody said,
What's up? What's up, Christian? Sorry, I'm just not seeing this. Adelike says ETH going lower to fill those fair value gaps at 15.504 or lower. I mean, like I was saying with ETH, I think we...
I mean, I think that's kind of just if you are looking for that right now, you're kind of just looking for you're just forcing yourself to find something. I don't think there's anything to indicating that if we're looking at the one hour, theoretically, it's still bullish market structure on an internal level. You know, we've got our.
We made it high, came down. It seems like we're respecting this demand. So that would lead me to believe if we can respect this, push back up into these areas. Also, we've got these daily areas above. I wouldn't just hawk on the chart and force a narrative on ETH. I'm waiting on Ethereum, but I think it's going to be a nice setup soon. That's kind of my two cents on ETH. But yeah, as always, I appreciate you guys. I will see you guys tomorrow at 10.30. Peace.
