what is up guys i want to break down why i'm in this trade that i just entered up a little over 1000 currently now i did take a loss this morning i want to be transparent on that but i want to break down both of the trades the reasons why i took them that way you can find trades like this on your own so in this morning's price action we had traded into a couple key levels so i'd like to go back out to the 15 minute if you haven't watched my recent live trading videos about the volume profile it will explain all of that
I don't want to take a lot of time and keep re-explaining things for those who have been watching each day. So we had the previous day's high that we traded into with the open. Okay, so that's a key level. We traded into the previous week's value area low. And at this time in the morning, whenever I was trading, I looked at the reaction to this previous day high right here as a short opportunity. Now, as you can see, I was wrong on that. I had sold in here. I ended up trailing at my stops and I got stopped out.
I'm going to hide this profile so you can see a little better. After this leg down, I had entered the market. And once we had this spike up, moved away, I trailed up my stops to this, actually a little lower, and ended up getting tagged out. So I took a small loss on that, a little less than half of a full R. I also reduced some of the loss by trailing my stops. But after I saw the market failing to move out of this consolidation, a tip that you can use is once you hit into a level, whether it's a previous daily low,
whatever it is that you're trading from and you get everything that you want out of the the reaction but it still doesn't play out meaning you know like we had our confirmation here we had an inverse fair value gap if you don't know what a fair value gap is essentially it is just a gap in between three k there's three candles where the middle candle is really expansive and we have this gap right here this typically will act as resistance or support you know support in a bullish example but as you can see the market closed down through it
And that was the first part to triggering a trade. I actually waited till we had even more moves to the downside and got into the market around here. But point being said, we had everything that I needed in order to have a good trade, right? Like we had the previous day high getting hit into. We had a nice displacement to the downside telling us this level is getting rejected. And then what happened? The market still didn't move to the downside and it just consolidated.
So once this happens, once you get this kind of like barcode price action after you hit into an area where usually you want to see a reaction, well, you could say, okay, you know, we might not have as much clarity as I thought. So at that time, I said, okay, I'm going to wait until we have some more clarity. And after we popped out of this range, as you can see right here, we started to push out of that range to the upside, even created this fair value gap, broke above the high of day, broke above that previous day's high.
and we hit into the previous week's point of control so at that time i said okay cool well i'm gonna watch this fair value gap right here and i want to see how we react to it because if the market was gonna you know hold above this previous day high hold above the high of day and put in that bullish structure like when we came down here if we would have moved higher i would have been open to a long because that would tell me you know we're moving into an area where the market should be bearish if we're going to see bearishness we're above the previous day's high
or above the previous week's value area um so if the market was going to be bullish we would want to see um you know negating these old you know levels of resistance now what happened was the market hit into that in previous week's point of control and it just rejected off of it pretty hard we inverted that five minute fair value gap and at that time i was watching to see if i i was going to find a trade but i wanted to see us push back into this range with some force
And then after this market, or after this market, after this candle started to displace down, that was where I entered the trade a little after this candle opened. So I like to watch for, you know, if I take one idea from a level and I'm wrong, I like to wait until something's very, very clear. And in my opinion, this is pretty clear. Now, what I want to see here is if we hold under all this liquidity down here, we've got Trump speaking here in about three hours, could promote some kind of choppiness within the markets.
But ideally, what I would like to see is continued moves to the downside. Otherwise, I might manage this actively. Trail up stops or just take small profits. So we'll see how this turns out. Essentially, my target I have is semi open. I just had it at the Asia low. But, you know, I would be open to managing this in a different way or even holding longer if we started getting some real displacement. So I'll come back and update you guys on this and see how this trade plays out. But I did want to break down.
know why i took the trades i did and then we'll see how we can manage this one and how it turns out all right so real quick i moved my stops up above this recent candle right here now why well because we got this fair value gap if we get a fair value gap like that breaking structure especially when we've had a generally wide range and the market's been kind of chopping here i don't want to leave my stops any further away than i need to so i just put them right there at that candle because again
It did break through this low and it created a fair value gap. So I don't wanna see us get all the way back up in this area if we're gonna continue to the downside. So I did wanna just make that quick update to the trade. Everything else is still playing out as planned though. So we'll see where this takes us. All right, so we're running a little over 3,700 in profits. I wanna keep a close eye on this. Ideally, I want to get a good...
push to the downside and continue it because we have had this consolidation. We're finally getting a little bit of movement. I don't want to see us just hang out too, too long here. I'm actually going to go ahead and move my stops up to a little bit above entry, really just this displacement candle right here. I don't want to see us keep inching back up and I will keep an eye on this. I currently have my TP down here.
I would just watch for an active management as well, depending on the way the market unfolds. All right, so we're running a little over 3,700 in profits. I wanna keep a close eye on this. Ideally, I want to get a good push to the downside and continue it because we have had this consolidation. We're finally getting a little bit of movement. I don't wanna see us just hang out too, too long here. I'm actually gonna go ahead and move my stops up to a little bit above entry, really just this displacement candle right here. I don't wanna see us keep.
um inching back up and i will keep an eye on this i currently have my tp down here i would just watch for you know an active management as well depending on the way the market unfolds all right so i just moved my stops up i want to go over this with you guys because this is a really good trick or good habit to have whenever you're managing your trades typically if we're in a trade especially if we're intraday trading
And we see the market make an aggressive move through structure, kind of like how we did here. So you notice how we had an aggressive move through structure. I moved up my stop originally to that fair value gap. Once you moved away, I put my stop here. What I'm anticipating here, since we are getting towards this area where we have the high volume node, we're expecting possible chop. We're already seeing a little bit of reaction to this level right here. So this time I like to cover my bases, right? Like either we're going to get a very big flush and overpower that.
or we're going to hit it and chop around. I don't want to be in it if that happens on the chop around part. So this candle, something important to note is this candle aggressively moved up like really quickly. It was just kind of hanging out, aggressively moved up into that fair value gap and then quickly rejected. So I look at that like sellers are, there were clearly still sellers trying to get active in the market and trying to control the market and push it down lower.
So if we see, you know, a big move up and then immediate sell off, right? Like that WIC getting created and you pop right back down. To me, I don't want to see that WIC get retested again. Like I don't want to see us pop back up here again. Because I look at it like we already mitigated this area. If the market's bearish, it's going to be just a stairway down. Kind of like how you saw here, down, here, down. Like I want to see this continued. I don't want to just be sitting in a market that is chopping around at an area where I know it's likely to chop around.
So ideally, we want to continuously get displacement, continuously break through new structure with force and follow through. That is how you gauge the strength of a move. A lot of you guys, I think that people struggle with taking profits. I have a little bit of a different way of doing it than most people. I like to trail up my stop. A lot of times, that's going to be the way I exit trades. I'm pretty aggressive with it, sometimes more so than this. But it's funny. Everybody reads these trading books and gets this trading advice when you first start.
But it's some of the most powerful and profound advice once you understand it, which is let your winners run and cut or let your winners run and cut your losers short. And this is my way of doing that. Like I used to always be confused when I heard that. I was like, well, obviously that's what I want to do. But how do you do it? And this is my way that I've developed over the last nine years. I've been doing this at the best way for me to do that. It's just trailing at my stop. And like a lot of times I may not get the Pico bottom tick or like the.
best exit, that's fine. But I do, over time, accumulate a lot more profits by doing this rather than just taking profits in full. And then also, too, I'll watch here. I don't want to see us just dance around these lows like this because once we start to do this, we start manipulating. If you have structure, you want to push through it with force. Once you start just doing this, look at it like sellers are getting exhausted. If we can't close under lows, sellers are getting exhausted. If you're creating fair value gaps through lows,
sellers are pretty strong but then if you get to a point where we can't even close a candle through them um that's where you start to say okay cool i might need to reevaluate might need to be even more aggressive with my stop loss might need to just exit the trade um so i'll be watching here ideally i want to see if we can get a nice thrust through this um see if we can create another fair value gap and you know just keep playing the cards we're dealt and i'm not really expecting anything i'm not expecting that we get a crazy big move if we do
Great, I'd love that. If we don't, I've already secured my gains and I can go about with my day. So really good masterclass on trade management and just getting a little bit more comfortable with holding trades longer and understanding how to still mitigate your risk of trailing drawdown and your risk of giving back gains. All right, so as you can see, we are now pushing down through this low. That previous candle had just a wick through the low. This candle hasn't closed, but I am.
watching pretty closely here i want to see if we can get a closure i'll likely move up stops to that candle i'm going to go ahead and move up stops to this candle regardless because i don't want to see you know the market just kind of keep messing around here okay i want to see decisiveness i don't want to see the market pausing because if it does it's likely to come back up and take me out all right so i am liking this candle so far it's closing under this low
um what i'm going to do is i'm going to go ahead and move my stops up to this candle getting really aggressive here with the trade management just protecting our uh our unrealized gains here one thing to watch as well is a little bit more of a proactive way to evaluate strength once you're getting to known problem areas like we are is watch the way we're reacting even to the previous candles uh low or the previous candles high if you're in a bullish environment because typically there you go so we're out of the market there
nice six grand roughly on that trade but typically whenever the market hits into these previous like the previous candles area and this is something you only want to use if you're at like a problem area so to speak because at the end of the market at the end of the day the market can just keep going but i know that you know typically the market has had trouble with this whole region here which we're in now right so i don't necessarily want to just be risking that the market
you know sure can it fall from here that's yeah absolutely it can fall without me whatever i already made my money i don't need to to try to hold on for dear life for no you know in awareness that the market could just come up and give a retracement kind of like how it did yesterday right um so yeah that's that's the uh logic behind whenever i get to a problem area is like you know a key level or maybe it's a high volume node maybe it's a area of time-based liquidity which we're approaching as well
And at that point, you can start even watching the way we're reacting to the previous candle. Because in a very strong market, you'll notice that we close consistently below the previous candle's low. Not always, but, you know, again, we want to watch this near problem areas. Right here, we close under the low. Right here, we close under the low. And then right here, we started to have trouble. And this is obviously where, you know, we got to the market was right there.
and the market again may continue without me that's fine if it does it's around lunchtime typically i'm done trading by this time anyways i made some good money made back the the loss that i had earlier and then some about three times as much so very happy with the trading day it's been a great week um it's been more rewarding post the normal am session like a lot of these better trades have happened around this 11 a.m mark or after for me at least um so yeah
Make sure guys to subscribe to the channel. I put these live trading recaps out as much as possible. There's one every day this week except Monday. And yeah, thank you guys for watching. And if you wanna join the mentorship and trade with me live, then you can click the link in the description. There's also a free Discord community you can join to get live updates as I'm taking these trades. And yeah, thanks guys. Peace out.
