What's good? Yeah, today was pretty crazy. I figured the target would hit pretty quickly, like we talked about yesterday, but it was nice to see it play out. I'll give everybody a second to get in here, and then I will kind of go over how you could have capitalized up this morning. So one thing I want you guys to notice here, let me go to the other yes chart, I like marking it up, I'll use it.
So whenever we have these pretty clear draws on liquidity, so for instance, let's rewind a little bit. So we talked about a little bit. It was after this. It was probably right around here, I think. No, this is Friday. I'm tripping. Sorry. It was over here. We had already moved up a little bit. I thought we were closer, but I had been looking for this high.
or these set of highs as our draw on liquidity based off the daily chart coming into yesterday. The reason for that was we took sell-side liquidity or external liquidity in a discount of the daily range. So to me, the daily range is this. I know some people I've seen on Twitter drawing like this. To me, that's more the weekly range so far. I think this is the last point we really moved impulsively off of. So we came down here.
And we took the sell side. So whenever we take sell side liquidity in a discount, and that was the external range liquidity at the time, this was the range, we came down and took that. Then we know that price is likely to move where? Because remember, we move from external liquidity to internal liquidity to external liquidity. So if we are in a discount and we take external liquidity, we're most likely going to move to internal liquidity in a premium.
So we talked about yesterday kind of using stepping stones as our targeting and not trying to call the absolute top. For instance, let's just say if somebody says, okay, they'll just say this is our draw. I mean, you know, they may be right, but I think that that's a lower probability target just because we have a lot of stuff between here and there. And if you're day trading, you don't really need to know all that.
So what I was looking for was price to come up and take these highs. I mean, this is picture perfect setup. This was free as it could be. Equal highs, front running our first price delivery array at a premium. Now it's right at equilibrium, but to me that's at a premium. Part of it's in premium. And this is just a low hanging fruit. So whenever we see prices showing the desire, we formed a swing low down here.
Had this candles moving up. We've been going up, come back down on this order block into this volume imbalance. Price is obviously drawing to the upside. We've already filled this imbalance. We've already went past the mean threshold of this order block. So what else could we be going to? I mean, it's going towards these highs. So at that point, I'm going to pop down to a one hour.
We're looking at price action in the sense that we are going to move to the upside. There's tons of ways we can attack that. The narrative is just how we determine which direction the river is going, so to speak. Now, however you decide to get in, there's a lot of different entry models. What I want to go over, I'm going to go over here on the one hour, and then we're going to go over today's exhibit of it, is just the power of three.
It doesn't always have to be right at midnight. Remember, the power of three is really just a method to make up a candle structure. So we have the open, the low, the high, and then the close. So we have this accumulation of orders coming up in the pre-market hours. So price pushes under that area.
That's where we get our manipulation phase. Now, we're looking at price action in the sense that price is going to go up and we're trading smart money concepts. We are looking for it to go down first. Just like we saw over here. We're looking for that false narrative to be pushed through a Judas swing, which is this right here. Or if you look over here, it was this right here. Power of three is everywhere. Should look better on a lower timeframe.
You see this accumulation of orders, a manipulation giving a false narrative, and this manipulation oftentimes is going to go into a higher timeframe POI. Now, you can go maybe to a four-hour. There's an imbalance here that we filled. You see that manipulation right into that imbalance. Now, this is where retail or uninformed money is looking to sell because they're looking at us as a big downswing. Price is going to...
just end up, they're going to think that we're going to continue falling down. But we know that this is a buying opportunity. Now, a lot of people might look at this as a market structure shift. Now, I wouldn't personally.
But even if you did, and we went over this in the private class last night, whenever we are operating in the context of the higher timeframes, and we're looking at price in the perspective that is going to this high, we look at every one of these down moves as a potential buying opportunity. So with an incorrect bias, one could have said this is a market structure change. It might have said something like this. Oh, there's our displacement market structure. Here's my little fair value gap.
And they're going to short right there, and they're going to blame the model and say, oh, this sucks. You know, I didn't get an opportunity, this and that, or it just didn't work. But that's the damage that can be done by not understanding where the daily chart is drawn to. So it's kind of like one man's trash is another man's treasure. You know, one man's long is another man's short.
And being on the right side of the market is heavily dependent on your high time frame bias. So now when we go to the one hour, whenever we look at price and we want to confirm this, how could you have maybe capitalized off this? Well, just looking at the one hour, you've got a market structure shift right here and you've got a fair value gap right there. It's easy as that.
Let me draw like this so you guys can maybe see it a little better. Look at that. You get that market structure shift confirming that this is manipulation because the market is shifting to the upside, and it is now showing us that it wants to draw higher. Now, you could say it's drawing to this high. You could say it's drawing to these equal highs. But in the context of the daily, you know that overall our target is here, our first target.
Our second target is the draw, the imbalance up here that we talked about. Now, as price expands, this is when we get into the distribution phase. And at this point, you could have longed it all the way up there if you'd like, off of one hour. Here's the first fair value gap. Now, where is the second entry? Anywhere in this. I'm going to draw both gaps, because there's two right here. Either one of these, because this is the second leg of accumulation.
The market came down and what if people right here might have looked at this and they're in the low timeframe and said, oh, it's a market structure shift. What are we looking at this as? A buying opportunity. We got a little fair value gap here, fair value gap here, probably one on the higher timeframes right there. And then we get what? A market structure shift. We're just trading in one hour. There were two potential opportunities to get involved there.
Now, I want you to look at this that we have here. Just kind of get a little mental image of this. And if you're watching this on a replay, you can take a screenshot, but we had this pretty clear power of three out of one hour. So I'm going to trash all this. We're going to go into a five minute this morning. So we had tagged our buy side liquidity, but we know that was our stepping stone. Now, this is kind of giving it away. I mean, obviously you guys know what happened there, but when we look at
price, we know it's likely to draw where we've shown that we're drawing up. Is price going to just turn around right here under a premium? Probably not. So we know when we're this close to a daily draw, we look at this like a magnet. So the closer you get to a magnet, the more powerful it becomes. So we've got a magnet right up here. Yes, we took buy side. But when we go back to the one hour again, is there any indication that we want to come down just yet?
Some might say right here, but when we're this close to a premium and we're this, it's just kind of obvious at that point. Don't play yourself at that point. Now, another thing that we spoke about is using the power of three after midnight to kind of complement our daily bias. So coming into the market, we can mark out our midnight line. Make this something other than...
So we've got our midnight line, and then the other important times when we start trading in the morning is 8.30 and 9.30. So what do we see immediately after midnight? You see a consolidation. We had a consolidation through the Asian session as well, but we want to focus just after midnight. So again, when we're looking for price to go up, we want it to go down first.
So what do we have right here? We have an accumulation of orders. Liquidity is being engineered on both sides of the market. A lot of people are looking to short here because why? Because they look at it like we're at resistance. At that point, we are just at these highs right here. They're going to look at this as a resistance zone. So then price does what? It gives them what they want to see.
And if you're looking at a one hour, you could say, okay, here's a market structure shift. We took buy side. I'm on a short. But this is why it's so paramount to understand ranges and understand why price is doing what it's doing. Why is the one hour shifting down? Is it because the daily wants to go down? Or is it because the daily needs more liquidity to go up? So when we see here, we have this little manipulation downswing right here.
When we look for a sign that we're going up, remember, just give you guys a little refresher. What did we look for to confirm that this one hour was coming out of the manipulation phase? A market structure shift, fair value gap entry. So now we go to a five minute. What do we have right here? And it's so perfect. I mean, you don't even start looking for anything until 830 because we know a lot of volume comes in. What do we have right there? Market structure shift.
What do we have right here? A fair value gap. So that would be your first entry. So then what happens? Move up to 930. Massive push-up. What does that create? A fair value gap. So this would be the more difficult entry. And this isn't as simple as just the liquidity rate model. This comes from understanding a little bit of a deeper...
a deeper understanding for some of these concepts, but that's why I'm trying to go over it with you guys. We have this pushup, right? That's showing us the desire to go higher. Now, a lot of people are gonna look at this as a liquidity rate. That's why I think it's important to understand the bias, because you could say, okay, we're right at open. We just took buy side, it's gonna be a liquidity rate. Now, you didn't get any kind of confirmation, so you shouldn't have taken a trade, but then you're gonna wonder, what the hell's going on? And then you're gonna try to short it here. And there's no reason to short this.
Right? So we all know what happened. There could have been entry there. Could have been entry there. And where could you have taken it? Just the base of this right here. So our targets hit. Now what? Right? And just to draw this for you. Very clean.
Now, if you take the time to go and look at times, you know, when we're trying to do the lower timeframes, you can look after midnight. It's not always this clean, but mark out times because time and price is very important whenever you're trying to...
use these kind of principles or these theories, and everything is revolving around the higher timeframe bias. Because without that, you're looking at it through a different lens. You're going to see different things. And we went over a couple different examples of how one person would have saw a short and another person saw a long. So being on the correct side of the market does not mean that, hey, I know what a market structure shift is, or hey, I know how to do lower timeframe TA.
Without understanding that you have to build your narrative from the higher timeframes, you're just going to be swimming upstream, running around like a chicken with your head cut off. You're not going to know what the hell's going on. Now, the way I'm looking at price, a lot of people want to short it from here. You have absolutely no reason to want to short this yet.
Everybody, I mean, everybody's a bear now, right? We're in the bear market. Everybody's just ready for blood, ready to short, you know, this and that. You have no reason to short this. Yes, has the daily met our target? Yes. But we're at equilibrium. Oftentimes we'll have a small consolidation equilibrium. Not always, but oftentimes we will. So this was our old weekly range.
So look what happened here. We had the small consolidation, right? Price ended up going up farther, which we had talked about, as you have been with me since here. We know, and if you want to play that, we longed to this from, I think, this day right here. This was the last day before it hit. But the key to...
being consistent in terms of profits is not only knowing when to trade and when to strike, but it's knowing when we're not in the best circumstances to try to force trades. Because a lot of people maybe missed this and now they want to just force trades. And we might continue going up. We might reverse, but there's no indicative price action that we can infer from just yet, in my opinion. Now, if anything,
The daily looks like it's still drying up. But as we come into this premium, it doesn't mean you can't trade, but it does mean that the probability that we're going to continue up decreases with the distance we move up into this red zone. Because we know this is a bearish range, and at some point, Smart Money is going to want to sell. Now, if we're marking out internal liquidity on this chart,
This right here, you could even maybe mark this. Move a little bit more impulsively off that. We go to a lower time frame so I can be a little clearer. I would just, again, I'm about low-hanging fruit. To me, this isn't that much difference. What is that? The high of this candle right here is $39.36. I mean, it's $11. So, you know, if the daily, if this hourly closes like this, why is this not moving?
Oh, and replayed. If the hourly, it did close like that. You can tell I haven't traded since this morning. But now what I would like to see at this point is how price action will react here. I'm going to hide all this.
Because again, the market was shifting up, but it was pushing up into that imbalance. Now, who knows? It could just rock it all the way up to 4,000. Who knows? No one knows anything for sure. Nobody knows.
So I'm just going to let the day play out. I'm going to keep you guys updated with what I think. But until I am confident in something, I see, and not just because I'm intuitively leaning towards it, but because I'm looking at information given to me by price action that is telling me that. So what I'd like to see is us maintain this gap. Now, if we maintain that gap, I would probably look for us to come up to 39.25.
Now if we don't and price action comes down and just kind of moves around here and then blast down, then we can potentially look for shorts maybe back down to this low or down into this order block to this low. But again, we'll cross that bridge when we come to it. So I think that the way the daily closes today is going to be, and the hourly is going to give us a framework. Let me go back over to my regular ES chart. I still have,
a pretty big price range depending on where this moves i might just move this up because whenever we don't come down to a discount sometimes i'll leave the range the same because it just really depends how far away we move and how violently we move off this low
Because this is a pretty small range here. But again, depending on how we close today, this might be my new range. And if that's the case, depending on how far we move, if we move up a little farther and can get this in a discount, that would be nice. But if we don't, I would almost look for these equal lows here. So again, just kind of playing the waiting game right now and seeing how things go.
let's go over to bitcoin i want to go over um it's actually a pretty nice supply and demand little um course of action here on bitcoin so whenever we're looking at the one hour we came back down this fair value gap price moved up we created some demand right here price moved right back into it now you can let me go to a 15 minute might be a little cleaner this order block is what i'd look for so price ran liquidity into the order block on the 15 minute created another demand candle
All right, or sorry, move it. Now this, oh, it's in the one hour. I was like, I look different. It's like, I know it's like a little pin bar, but you know, nice reaction there, created more demand. Also engineered some sell stops right there. So price took that.
And then after that, we consolidated here. Again, it really wasn't the nicest reaction, in my opinion, until as far as this range goes on the one hour until this morning. But I guess one could have gone to a lower time frame here.
Since, you know, we were kind of confirming on our POI. And even then, you know, yes, we did get a nice shift right here. But like I was talking about this, we were actually streaming like right around here. And Bitcoin always is this thing when it hits a POI, just kind of consolidates, like this little like ascending channel and then just dumps. And sometimes it bumps, sometimes it doesn't. But I wasn't really watching this. But looking back, you know, there was a nice opportunity here. I won't hold you.
Now, what I'm looking for, I have this candle mark, this order block right here. I don't know if we'll kind of lay back down to that. This is something I kind of just marked on the chart. Ideally, what I'd like to see at this point is this high. That, to me, is what we're drawing towards. Now, if we shift structure, then that's not a story because we did come above these equal highs. But, you know, if...
So nothing changes here. I would say overall, we came to a discount of the range and we moved up multiple times prices accumulating and showing that it wants to go up. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to try to keep an eye on this. I got some other stuff I got to work on today, but depending on how far I move, I might watch price action in this fair value gap and in this fair value gap down here. Delete some of this because it's too much. I just want to show you guys that.
I think that we could catch some nice longs maybe up into this daily fair value gap, but I want to make sure we get a good entry and it's not forced just because crypto has been, it's finally starting to show some enthusiasm, if you will. So what I'll do is I'll wait for a swing high to form. I'll probably watch the lower one, even though this could be, I wouldn't really consider this using the breakaway kind of strategy, but.
I'll watch this down here, set an alert. Now specifically what I'd be looking for in there is the five minute to go bullish with a very clear market structure shift to frame an entry around. If it hasn't taken this, that would be the first target. I'd probably leave something up into this area up here. But we could take a little dive down here. I just see somebody, zero said market maker sell on the three minute chart. Yeah, I see what you're saying.
This to here there nothing really confirmed just yet But I could definitely see it. I see which is what you're seeing Let me clear in a one minute
That'd be nice because it'd bring us right back down where I want us to come. And that would be ideal if we didn't take this high because then we'd be able to have a lot of liquidity engineered above. So that's the overall outlook on Bitcoin. I know it's been a long while since we've really traded corn that much, but I just want to be patient and let things unfold. But now it's pretty clear to me we're drawing up. We've been talking about this since back over here, but this wasn't really much opportunity.
in my opinion, except what we went over over here. Let me look at some of these questions. I would like to know, do you also have 3870 H4 OB on S&P for reversal? No, I don't really use the four hour as much anymore. I like using the daily and the one hour over that. Let me see what you're talking about. This right here maybe. I'm guessing you're talking about like this or maybe this right here.
I mean, it's potential. Like I said earlier, I'm not going to try to call where I think it's going to reverse. I'm going to plot out potential areas that I think it could reverse, and I'm going to wait on it to tell me it's reversing. Because if you pick somewhere that you want it to reverse, you're going to force it to work. You're going to sit there and wait until price gets there, and you're going to find... For instance, let's just say, and I guarantee this happened.
Let's just say if you wanted to, if you were just dead set that this was going to reverse, this imbalance. Like this was just your point where a spy is going to eat shit. And then you go on, you jump from a daily to a one minute because, you know, your brain is now morphing data to make you, you know, you're going to be right. This has to work. And then look at that. Look, I can see, I mean, if I was looking for a reversal here and I had a proper framework, I would short that.
Right there. Now, I wouldn't in this scenario because there's no reason to go down. And look what happens. And this is how people get turned to liquidity trying to trade smart money. They say, oh, market structure shift. There's definitely displacement there. Okay, you know, here, I'm going to short. We're going to go down. I'm shorting down to here or wherever. Even if you did a 2R, you didn't get shit. And you get stopped out in 20 minutes.
And then you look at it and say, oh, another one. We got another shift in market structure that was just getting stop-hunted. Stop that again. And it's just because you're forcing a narrative because you picked a reversal point before the market gave it to you. Because trading, especially day trading, is a two-part process. It's building a narrative and then confirming that narrative. Not just picking a POI and saying that's where it's going to reverse. Because we don't know anything for sure.
We only know what the market is doing after it does it. We can now try to anticipate things and heighten our probability of being correct by letting structure confirm the bias we build. But as far as just trying to predict the future, you're just doing yourself a lot of damage psychologically and financially.
TP's G for like 50 or 65 pips. Motherfucker, just keep running. Thanks, Mike. I appreciate it. I appreciate the kind words. Just have to break even on EU long at 986, then absolutely railed. Let's look at it. So like probably right up in here, I'm guessing maybe. Also zero New York time. It's the best time to trade crypto. New York session.
But, so it's not the break even on EU long at 986. So just throw a line at 98, around 986. I'm just curious. I just want to see if I can see what you're looking for. No, anonymous, you're in the right one. Oh, I just asked the other one. That's the right one. It said perfectly double bottom with two W's and displacement.
I wouldn't, I mean, potentially you could look at his double bottom, but if you're trading smart money, you know, that's like something you want to short towards later on. But if it took the low, that would be good.
And trick study, I see you said, got thrashed this morning, AM session set up to the downside, looked mint. Completely missed the bigger picture. Yeah, and that's how it happens. And it will look mint. That's why people like, they'll send me a picture of like a lick raid and they're like, this doesn't, like, why didn't it work? It's like, well, I mean, it's not. If it was just like, you know, here's this, this is how it works. Every time the market does this, you know, it's going to give you money. Then everybody would be rich as shit. But that's kind of the narrative that smart money pushes, I feel like. People are like, oh, I figured it out.
This is actually a pretty clean setup. So we have these equal highs here. So we look, you know, when the market is shifting, we look, okay, the first shift on the 50-minute was here. Second shift was there. So this would be your high probability sell. So I wouldn't consider this fair value gap mitigated all the way until it reaches a discount of the fair value gap. And then we kind of was engineering liquidity or we took it here.
Notice how the market really didn't do too much right there. Didn't really leave a gap, not much displacement. It was just kind of moving up into this order block right here. So as it was absorbing all that supply, finally overpowered the demand and price pushed back down and it drew to the next area of liquidity, which is going to be this discount of the fair value gap that caused the second break of structure, the second leg of accumulation, if you will.
Somebody said, I should aim for entry at the New York kill zone. I mean, if you see an entry, you shouldn't force an entry then, but just, you know, look for entries are in the New York kills. I mean, I can tell you're really stuck on the kill zones because you asked me about a bunch, just you're overthinking it, but just pick a session to trade and look for setups during that time, but don't force them and don't expect one every single day because it's not, it's not going to be every single day.
And honestly, a lot of times with crypto, you're not really going to get a big push until the stock market starts pushing. I mean, again, I wouldn't look at it like that as far as like, you know, since there's multiple gaps that it's going to fill. Again, like where we're at right now, if we look at the daily range,
We're just in a premium. So this is the point where price can definitely start just consolidating and determining where it's going to go. And then we're going to use the lower timeframes to kind of show us, you know, what's the market drawing towards and build our narrative. But now, you know, once we have one narrative, we've hit it. So, you know, hopefully we capitalize off of it. If you didn't, that's okay. Go back and study it. You know, we've got a lot of stuff going on this week. I promise it's not going to take long. I don't think for the market to show us what it wants to do. So,
And I'll try to predict, just try to react. So here, I'm not even considering trading anything else today. And I will revisit tomorrow before the market and see if I like something. If I don't like it, then I'm not going to trade tomorrow either. We've got earnings on Thursday for some of the biggest companies in the S&P 500. So, you know, a lot of stuff going down. I don't think you'll have to wait too long for volatility. No, really, until the one hour.
starts to give us our sell and tell us that price is drawing down, then we have no reason to look for down. That's my trading plan. Now, maybe you guys have something else. I'm not saying this is the only way, but I can only explain to you in depth with reason, my thought process. So I use the daily, telling my draw. So right now, okay, well, we're at equilibrium. So we're kind of at those consolidation areas where shit's going to get a little choppy. It's easy to give back gains you made on the way up.
And then whenever we look at the one hour, we have no reason to look for sales yet. Now, if anything, I'm going to wait to see how we close today. And we can look for this right here. Maybe refine it down if you'd like. Again, we haven't really fixed this range. But if we look here, okay, I can go to a 15-minute and look for the first 15-minute imbalance.
at a discount because this kind of helps us dissect price action. But if this were the end of the day today, I would wait and see how we react and hopefully we get a push back down into here. If this range gets big enough, like we were saying earlier, where that's in a discount. It's all just stepping stones, just waiting and letting the market do its thing. Also, I'm glad Tesla said your streams have been an eye opener. Thank you. I'm glad. We do it every day, Monday through Friday.
Ran sales side at 7 a.m. Taps a 15-minute fair value gap. Oh, yeah, so you had it. Okay, you entered the second confirmation. So you were on the right. Oh, you probably got stopped like right here. That would fucking suck. Tap the fair value gap. So, you know, this is kind of a funny one. I can basically see where it's at.
And so the way I would look at it is this is the, you know, that was the first shift. Now you could have drawn it right here too. This is the first break that left the displacement because really down here, you know, we didn't have any kind of high. We didn't have a candle that had a low on the right and the left, a lower high. So we didn't break any of those with displacement until right there. So you could have looked at that. This fair value gap is your entry. You could have, you could do the order block and then the stop loss would have been down below here.
That's the way I would have looked at it. Or if you wanted to be, you know, a little bit more, if your target was far enough, you could have made your stop loss down here if you really wanted to be kind of conservative and not get stopped out. That's the way that, and Xerox, this is a good example. Okay, wait, you asked me another question for the sessions? Yes, those are the correct times of the sessions. That's what I draw. That's what I use. Some people might say, oh, no, if you're asking me, that's what I use.
But here in this example, look at 7 a.m. We had a lick rate right at 7 a.m. So sometimes you'll get that perfect raid right at the New York kill zone. This was pretty picture perfect here. I've got that shift up, confirming that raid, and then price came back down to the fair value gap, consolidated here, and then literally moonshotted.
You know, but a very nice trade. Now you could have just, this would have been your draw within these equal highs. So you could have even, you could have said, okay, well I'm gonna do a trade there. And you could have used a stop loss in either spot. And this is really just kind of what style, whatever style you use. And you would have gotten maybe even stopped out by the spread there, to be honest. Well, actually most brokers have a pretty raw spread.
Actually, no, no, I had it on the wrong candle, sorry. This would have been, it would have been the most recent swing low to the shift, which would have been right there. So you probably wouldn't have gotten stopped out by the spread. And the target would have been, I mean, you could have taken it much shorter. This would have been an 11R trade. You could have taken this right here, these highs, and you've been taking partials along the way. I said partials there, more partials here at this high.
depending on how aggressive you want to get, you know, or you could have just kind of had a wider stop loss. And I wouldn't have taken as many partials if you did that. It's all about just different styles. But hopefully that helped. So ETH. ETH has been moving stronger than Korn. This is kind of the biggest range I could draw on ETH. Now, you know, I would say right now ETH's drawing towards this. This would be the next stepping stone.
But again, it's not the kind of price action I really like. Friends, you get this, but then no gap, nothing, and it just starts flying. It's just kind of...
The daily doesn't really, it's just how crypto is not as liquid as it once was, but it is showing nice price action to go up for sure. So I would almost want to just stick to a lower timeframe. And somebody asked me earlier, I saw this. I thought I saw someone asking about, oh yeah. What led me to shift my strategy focus from more to the H1 from the previous H4? I don't trade crypto that much anymore. Crypto, the four hour, whenever things trending, because I was swing trading a little bit more.
was nicer but now i'm really focused on intraday trades and scalping i'm on indices so there's no point in me really looking at a four hour but for crypto the uh four hours is cleaner for sure i think this is the draw though 1482 ish area so if i'm looking at the four hour the first sign i wanted to go up was over here after we took that old low but again not really much um there's an order block here
And even if you trade it for that, unless you use your stop loss all the way down here, which would have been kind of pointless in my opinion. If you just trade this and say, okay, I'm going to have a stop loss all the way down here. And then this is my target. I mean, two R for that kind of trade, like I'm good on that. I would want to have a little bit better than that. If you use the low timeframes here, you just got stopped out.
and what kind of swing we make here you know if you maybe reverse above this high or leave equal highs right here preferably leave them you can leave something like that you know i would entertain maybe longing from this range you know again we might take it though because we're really close now if you do take it um uh it's just so choppy i just i hate looking at crypto sometimes i would probably look for down in this area right here because this would be the four hour
Impulse swing other than that right there. You didn't really tap into that too much
So, you know, depending on how we react here, we take that, you know, I'd look for us probably to retrace once the market shows us it wants to. And we'd look for discount pricing. But again, I'm not really going to be too, too focused on much crypto. I mean, I like corn. ETH is moving better, but it's just not in my, for the way I trade, it's not really giving the clearest price action. Or I guess I should say entries.
Because I can look back on this I can literally see like you know if you trade it here Let's say you got on a 15 minute you got your entry over here And to me there was no displacement till over here So you definitely would have gotten maybe some gains, but then get stopped out over here for it to run from there It's just
It's not really what I want to spend my time trading. But I'll watch this and see how we rack up this high. Mainly more focused on corn, to be honest. It just seems a little bit clearer. That's much clearer to me than this right here. How am I feeling about the weekly PO3 in play here? Been times prior to high-risk news. We move up to the reverse later in the week. Yeah, it's definitely possible for sure.
We look here, and we have a high probability to put the high of the weekend on Tuesday or Wednesday. With indices, it's a little bit off lately. I won't even lie. It's just been kind of, I haven't really been playing into that unless it's very clear. Because we haven't, we've been, it's just been straight manipulation over through here. But, you know, looking at this, you've got a massive weekly order block up here.
We've got a lot more stuff we could draw up. So until I'm really confident we're coming down, I'm not going to just look for a reversal until there's a reason. Casper, you use R&R correct. Then what happens if some of your trades' loss are bigger than the other, even though it's the same R&R but different loss size? Well, you're not sizing your positions, right? That's what's happening there. So if you are... Let's say if you have...
a three to one R, you know, that like, okay, for instance, you should lose the same off both of these trades. But people, I swear people just cannot get this in their head. Like they'll say like, how the fuck are you going to lose the same? Because, you know, you move down 1.7% and this is 0.6%. There's no way you lost the same. It's just from a lack of basic understanding of position sizing.
So I actually have a video on that it's how to size positions Matt to maximize profits But I'm pretty sure I'm not sure if I hope that's what you're asking as you asked if I understood the question not not since I've been talking but Okay, cool. That was what you're asking anybody's have any questions go ahead and shoot them out. If not, I'm probably gonna hop off and Probably like I get like I said, I won't be trading the rest of the day
You said you built a calculator for that? Feel free to share it. Dope. I actually have Frizz. I need to work on that with him because I have one that I'm getting billed as well. What's this? What cross pairs have you found consistent in the Asian session? To be honest, man, I don't see you in my DMs, Josh. Discord? Or maybe it's a request. Yeah, there it is. Nice.
Moved into grid so I can better the notion. Taking your trading. Oh, hell yeah. I appreciate it. You'll have to chat about it whenever you're done, bro. That's dope. I appreciate you doing that. Big Hunter. Oh, yeah. The pairs, I mean, to be honest, we're like UJ and GJ, but I don't like trading the Asian session for 4X, but it would be those two. UJ and GJ. But anything with a yen right now is just like fucking madness.
Is there any way to trade when there are two sessions at the same time? Yeah, that's what I do. So 7 a.m. to 11, you got New York and London. And then, yes, there's a London overlap with, what's it called, with Asia, but I wouldn't really pay too much attention there. That's just the London kill zone. It's not really anything to do with the Asian session, in my opinion.
Does the daily power of three work as well in crypto given the increased volatility of the Asian session? It does, but it's just like everything else. You got to take everything with a grain of salt with crypto, especially recently. At one time, it worked very clean. I remember back in April, I was trading the same model I used for indices on crypto, and it was very clean. We used to catch nice trades like that, but it's not as effective as it used to be for me.
I think it still works, but it's just like now that I have a funded account and I can trade indices with size, it's just not very appealing to me to trade crypto instead, especially larger spreads, less probability. It's just so I tell you guys, like if you can trade, just try to get a funded account. If you can trade and you've proven you're profitable, there is no fucking reason you should be sitting there trading Binance all day. Absolutely no reason. You're cheating yourself.
Now, if you're just learning, that's one thing. I'm not saying to go blow out funded account after funded account, but I really do think that it's a waste of talent, time, and energy to just trade crypto. I believe that wholeheartedly. But on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here, make sure there's no more questions. Oh, okay, never mind. Sorry, I just see a couple. Is this a good time to trade at right now? After 1.30, you can trade to like 3, and then I would chill.
I can't always wake for London, so I've been trading Aussie. That's another one that could be good. Aussie and EJ. Aussie, yen, and EJ. Blowouts. Oh, when am I too low? Never mind. Yeah, Asia Session sucks, bro. The thing with Asia Session is your RR is going to be super low because you need to just take profits to kind of secure a bag. I mean, you'd almost be better off trading fucking crypto in Asia Session than Forex, in my opinion.
Because you can see you see there's actually some decent setup sometimes in in Asia I Can't actually even see one here doesn't just goes down doesn't move to fair value gap Maybe there's one right here. That was really the Anyways guys, I'm gonna hop off here. I will be What's up my bad? Let me see who you said thanks zero
Yeah, I think 1R, 20 pip, 20 stop strat might work out. Yeah, I mean, just test it out. You can even get like a FTMO trial, like not the challenge, like the free trial, and just test it out. Like it's a really great tool to test stuff because I was like kind of testing out things in my live account, like not just stuff I've never used, but just testing, like tweaking things. And I'm like, why are you doing that? Just do, you know, do it on a demo and just take data down because you got it all right there, you know, just do it for 15 days.
As long as you follow the system and you treat it like a science experiment, you'll gather some good data. Again, thank you guys for coming through. If you guys could like and comment on the video, if you want to share it, that'd be dope, whatever. Subscribe. That helps me a lot. I really appreciate the kind words, but it's crazy how much it helps when you guys... Some of the videos, you guys like a bunch, so you get twice as much views.
What is FTMO and MFF? That's really all I would mess with. That's it, personally. Now, if I have both, my goal is to get max funded on both, then I might start going to other firms. But I just don't see the point of going to... MFF has everything that all the other firms have and endless proof of payout. And there's tons. You go to Discord, you can look at... I mean, it's pretty clear that people are getting paid.
But anyways, guys, I'm gonna hop off here. I appreciate you all coming through. I will see you tomorrow at noon. Peace.
