What's good? I'm gonna give everybody a second to get in here. I know you guys started a little early I just was kind of sitting here like why not go ahead and start it up
Fucking massive moves on crypto. It doesn't really look that massive. I guess my daily chart, but it's massive for what we've been used to, right? It's nice to see some upwards movement on anything with the dollar against it. It's something we're not used to recently, but I really like the movement here on DXY. I had originally talked about this order block before FOMC. Sorry, I was in the daily, which this came out here, which we went higher, which tells me that.
We might end up winding higher in the future, but we are getting a nice reaction out of this zone. And I guess we could look at this as some form of point of interest. Maybe if we go down on a four hour, let's just see what it looks like. Yeah, right off a four hour order block right there. So nice reaction there. Now, if we go down to a one hour, so I'm going to just delete this daily order block thing. I'm going to delete all this because you guys know me much.
PA is just a no-go. It just kind of pollutes the screen.
A nice shift there. And if you didn't consider that a shift, then I think it's kind of indisputed that this or that right there is a shift. So nice movement with displacement to the downside on DXY. Now that tells me we're going lower. I think the clear area that we might want to draw to is this low right here. Although that could be protected just because of all that massive move we made after it. What do I have down here? I had something here.
At one point, maybe it's something we talked on the stream the other day. And we did have that high resistance liquidity run right there. So, you know, who knows, it could be protected. And we refined out of the 15 minutes, we did just feel this imbalance. So, you know, be mindful of that. I know NFP this morning yielded, you know, pretty wild reaction, as it always does. So moving forward, I will say, I don't, you know.
To start it off, the stream, I know it's the weekly recap. I was initially wrong as far as I thought that we were going to have an up-close candle this week, which we obviously did not. We opened right here. So we're definitely down from that, right? And then a massive reaction this morning on equities from this imbalance and running these highs right here. So I was wrong on that. But overall, I mean, we'll see. Moving into next week, NASDAQ looks pretty weak. Like NASDAQ is pretty rough here.
Looks like we're definitely wanting to seek down towards these lows. Yes, it's crazy, honestly, the divergence between all the stock indices right now. I mean, like we have the Dow, which is over here at, you know, above September highs. NASDAQ barely even made it to equilibrium. I don't think it did make it to equilibrium of the daily range. No, it didn't. Never did. Just formed equal highs right there. I mean, I think it may have tapped it.
And now that we have ES, which is kind of up here, just hanging out. I mean, definitely had a shift. And also we drew this yesterday, I think on stream was this imbalance we had refined. I talked about the trailing stop losses that were going to be resting above these highs. We went right above those and you see, we got that reaction, right? We also got our high resistance run on liquidity into it. So that tells me that there is institutional sponsorship pushing price down. So trading the higher timeframes, I wasn't trading today just because it's NFP day.
I just this week had so much news. I'm just waiting to get involved until next week. And again, that's kind of what we the best way to use high impact news. The most high probability method of using it is just waiting to see the market's hand, if you will. And I think that it's clear we're seeking downwards action right now.
Looking back, I mean, this is a pretty crazy morning. I see both a long and a sell. I think the NFP pump kind of gave a bull trap, but could have had a long right here.
You could call that or this high, the shift, and then just this fair value gap. It was right after NFP. You saw what liquidity was attacked with 830, was the sell side. We took out all these early morning stops, took that London low out, which can be indicative that it's not going to be a solid buy day. So if we take out that London low,
You know, we might rally a little bit, but that should kind of help you from falling into the bull trap that we're going to continue up all day. And you would look at any upside movement as mitigation. So that's exactly what happened. Like I said yesterday, a lot of people that were going to short the market got involved here. And guess what their stop loss is going to be right there. All right. So then we had a massive imbalance. We were finding the 15 minute came up into that imbalance and massive, you know, huge dump off of that. I mean, it's what is this like a.
70 plus point dump on the ES. So massive reaction off of that. I didn't trade off of it. But looking back, let's see if it gave a good entry. Yeah, it's pretty clean. Shift, not sure. Let's see if it came back to a, yeah, it came right back to a premium fair value gap. Pretty nice price action. I kind of wish I would have traded that to be quite honest, but it's all right.
And then you had sell-side liquidity here and here to target. So overall, bearish order flow is in play right now with indices, in my opinion, on the hourly chart intraday. I mean, I think it's kind of, you know, it's not like I'm telling you guys anything you don't know. But actually, let's make sure my, okay.
With crypto, on the other hand, it's pretty crazy. We've seen some massive moves in a lot of altcoins. Like Matic, we talked about this yesterday. I remember Atufi, is Atufi in here? No, he asked me, he was like, should we short this? And I brought up, I was like, I wouldn't short this yet. It didn't come to where I wanted to long it, unfortunately. But that's what you get whenever you're close to these draws on liquidity. Then you see inefficient price action on the one hour. You're not going to see a retracement back to a discount every single time.
The same thing with near. Also, I need to post this. I was looking at this right before stream. We had those near limits. We talked about them on stream yesterday. No dice on them, but the trade played out without us. It's okay, but target met. Let me go ahead and post that before I forget because I kind of already had. Hopefully, it goes without saying that if the target hits in a trade, you should cancel limits, but I already know there's going to be somebody who will say that, oh, you didn't say to cancel them. You didn't alert.
My boy, I went tangent. I got you guys a bunch along. So that's super fire. GRT and Link have been going crazy. So it's nice to see a lot of activity in crypto. I kind of forgot what it felt like. But we all know that trading indices every day is fun. And that's where I think my bread and butter is at. But there isn't much that makes you as happy as a market-wide crypto pump, especially even if it is a bear market rally. I mean, it's just nice to see it.
But yeah, man, it's a wild week for crypto. Crypto is... I'm going to look through a couple of setups and I'll explain one short setup that we've talked about a little bit on stream in the recent history. But overall, just crazy how much stronger it is. A lot of altcoins, especially. Not even the majors, but then a lot of... Damn, Algozones has gone its way up here too.
I'm going to move this displacement because we've kind of got a new swing. But it's pretty wild how strong everything is. But I will say all of them are reaching levels where I think they could reverse. A lot of them, actually not all of them. Here on Algo, I think we still have some room. The next draw would be this high. But I could see this moving much higher, to be quite honest. I do think we'll see some retracement after taking that. But this is one of the better alt charts, in my opinion. The way that this price is just accumulating, it's showing the desire to want to go higher.
Let me post this up before I forget again.
Okay. So XMR is the setup that we've talked about quite a bit based off of a daily chart. Now we do have one bit of internal liquidity up in this range that definitely still could get targeted. This is the only thing, and then we have these highs. So we could see higher, but the market right now is showing shifts in structure, right? And then we have a second leg of distribution, leaving this imbalance of these equal highs.
that is showing me that you know at this time the daily chart has a desire to move lower now maybe that is just down to this imbalance under the lows that would be like a first target um but
What I'm looking for here is a displacement shift in structure on the one hour. And I will probably just trade the one hour if it provides good enough risk to reward. Because it's based off the daily, I want to be able to expose myself to a swing if the risk reward is good. The only way that I'll refine is if the risk reward is not ample with using a one hour.
So I'm just going to set an alarm here. Notice I said potential shift. And if you're using my strategy, which is basically it all revolves around displacement. I don't know if I, I know I don't, maybe, maybe I haven't said that clearly, but those you've been watching a while, everything I'm looking for has to have displacement because if we get too mechanical with certain things and don't require displacement, then we look for too many trades. So for instance, if we just kind of mosey down and pip that and then displacement up, I'm probably not going to sell that.
right because we're not leaving imbalances we're not taking that low displacement it's almost manipulation to go then higher you know what we need to see is a massive push down leaving a gap that is going to be an opportunity that is showing us that there is displacement within the marketplace a large force has entered and that's what's going to give us confidence that it's a good setup because right now it looks good we have a good framework but that isn't everything we need so overall
And I also look at this as kind of like an ugly market maker model. So we have a consolidation down here, our expansion, smart money reversal, second leg of distribution. So this would be more of the high probability entry. And I'll be targeting mainly here and here and would most likely leave some runners, but they'll be pretty light. This imbalance is the clearest.
point of interest that I see so far, but I mean, obviously we could go all the way down to the sell side, but the low hanging fruit is all my, all of my, sorry, once I was reading something, as I said that low hanging fruit is what I'm all about. So yeah, that's, that's something I'm looking at to possibly frame a trade. Let me look at some of these comments and questions. I haven't, I'm actually going to get a
a vertical monitor. Cause with this, um, so I said, did I take a trade in? And now I didn't, uh, prior to answer that, but, uh, USD CAD for our SSL taken what creates Wix like on Rune on the one hour or the Wix that create, it's some kind of liquidity has been ran and it's reacting. So we'll look at USD CAD first, since that was asked first for our sell side taken.
Yeah, I could see some of this, you know, for me, this is the daily range that I'm looking at. I mean, before I'm just kind of similar. I think there is more sell side liquidity below.
To be honest, personally, I could see a reversal here because you took these relatively equal lows, but I wouldn't see it going much farther than a premium of this move. For instance, if you were to reverse right here, I would maybe see something as a reversal at this full fill and refine that. Probably would want this high overall. I think that lines up with that little four-hour fair value gap.
Yeah. So I would, I like this high as maybe a reversal target. If the lower timeframe start to shift, which they haven't yet, you know, you would want to get, well, for me, if I'm using a four hour, I want to use a 15 minute to confirm it, which I don't really use the four hour, but 15 minute is a good timeframe for the four hour. So for instance, what I want to see is maybe a push above that leaving a gap. And then that would be where you'd be able to frame a trade and I would just be taking it up there. I could go higher.
but that's that's my thought process on that overall if i'm looking at the daily range um we didn't well i mean we came right near an equilibrium but we've got a nice set of imbalances down here and a massive one right here at a discount so i think this has a lot more room to go down so that's kind of what i see on dollar cad rune somebody said what creates a wick on the one hour like that
Not sure what wick you're talking about maybe like this and what this was was price was drawing into this imbalance right here
So moving pretty rapidly, the upside, once you see upwards movement like that, we know that we're drawing towards something. I think it was all the liquidity beyond these highs. So once we are close to something like that, we're going to see price action rapidly expanding. Think again, when we're talking about the higher timeframes, like the daily, all this liquidity up here can act as a magnet. So for instance, if you are down here in this range, you're going to see price action like this, where it's efficient.
You kind of come up, return to an imbalance and discount, move up, return to an imbalance or order block and discount. But then the closer you get to this magnet, the bigger it gets. So notice that as you are moving up into this imbalance, or I'm sorry, into this liquidity pool, price is rapidly moving. And it's just going to come back down to that first point of interest and expand. It's not necessarily going to always come back down to a discount and give you your PICO entry.
I really like this price action down on DXY. Now, what's going to be kind of the determining factor is if we start to continue this bearish order flow. So we have that market structure shift there, there, wherever you want to drop, we've got a market structure shift. So with that being said, I would like to see us move back down lower into this daily range.
There's a lot of, it's a complex range for DXY. And the fact that we are consolidating like this, if we look at DXY over the last recent history, it's very clear. It's just up, discount, up, imbalance, up, imbalance. You see, it's just very sporadically, obviously reaching up. There's no question that's bullish, but we are starting to see somewhat of a nice complex range, which a lot of times that is the beginning of distribution.
or the beginning of a potential reversal. Now, for how long that takes or how long that lasts, I should say, we don't know. We came into a monthly imbalance here. We do have levels higher though. The overall level I would have wanted to see was 116, if not 121. And that's based off the yearly chart. Somebody tagged me with the WICs. Let's see.
Oh, that's just because you're on KuCoin. So this is what he's talking about. That's just because KuCoin sucks as far as liquidity goes for certain coins. So I really would advise... Actually, I don't want to say I advise. I don't advise anything. I'm not a financial advisor.
I don't know. There's something that I just don't like KuCoin. And I don't know why. I have no necessarily solid reason that I could put on paper, but I've never liked KuCoin. I don't like the way their leverage works. I think it's manipulated. I get scummy vibes from KuCoin. And especially their charts tell me a lot too. You just get these crazy wicks. And I know that a lot of people are trading on there because it's one of the available outlets.
I see a lot of people that trade on PrimeXBT that are happy with it. There's people that are on Bybit that are happy with it. I know Bybit has fees, but I think that KuCoin has the worst fees. I don't know. That's one of the benefits. And I always tell people, if you're just taking the signals, then yeah, use Bybit or any of these things. But if you're trying to trade for a job and you're somewhat profitable, I really think that...
it's kind of counterintuitive to not go for a funded.
And maybe you're not ready at that point yet, but then you should start working towards getting there because that's where you're going to be able to really get a good opportunity. Because, you know, as a business owner, you got to look at things like most wealthy businesses and businesses that are extremely successful are started with other people's money and are based on credit.
And that's just kind of the way the world works. That's why we change the federal funding rates. The whole world fucking changes because everything is relying on credit and how that credit system works. Now, understanding how to manipulate it to your benefit is what separates people, along with knowing how to work taxes, is what separates people from being rich and wealthy because there are two different levels to that. And as a trader, we have to look at this like a business. And if we say, OK, well, I can risk $1,000.
And if you have proven yourself that you're profitable and that you have a likelihood to pass, you know, if you can pass that and you get through your first month, I mean, I don't know how many of you guys got 300K you want to put in a Binance or into a Bybit.
Even if you have that much, do you really want to put it on an exchange that's not KYC? It's just like, it doesn't make sense to me. And if you really take trading seriously and look at it, it's a no-brainer to try and get funded. And a lot of people are hesitant to do that because they don't believe that they can do that. But I promise you, you can do it. Anybody can do it.
within a year's time, really dedicated. I think that anybody that applies themselves, that has a desire to do it, can do it. So I know I kind of just went on a tangent just from the cuckooing chart, but I hope that that speaks to you guys because it really is something that I think everybody should consider if they're looking at this like, hey, I want trading to be my lifestyle. I want it to be a...
a consistent thing that's going to feed me and my family and hopefully change everybody's life. Unless you're just a fucking whale, it's going to not be, it's not gonna be very easy to do that from a, from, you know, a small amount of money or things of that nature. But that's just my two cents on it. Ethereum making higher highs.
Let's just look at some alts. I just kind of want to look. I haven't looked at this chart just all the way through in a while. It's going to four hours to get. I want to get a little more zoomed in. Actually, we'll do it daily. I think most stuff has given a nice shift up now. God, I remember we used to fucking mark this coin in the bull run. Yeah, I'd like to see a little more displacement on this one, to be honest. But, I mean, it looks better than bad because we came down. You know, we ran this liquidity right there.
And then we saw a move up, but not much like violent force behind it, for me at least. It looks okay though. Oh, fuck it, SKL. I remember the last time we traded this thing. We shorted it from like, that shit was crazy. I think it was actually right here. We shorted, maybe it was there. Yeah, I think it was this right here actually. That was a fire trade.
I remember that day I woke up to my limits being hit and was like, holy shit. We hit that to the penny. That was pretty crazy. This was signaled in playbiz. It was 1-9-8-3-4. If you look, literally at the high this week, it was 1-9-8-3-4. It's hit to the fucking last pipette straight to the TP. There's few things that make me as happy as seeing that. I'm not going to delete all my TA from this chart. I'm going to keep that.
but I'll delete the rest. So SKL, it is kind of a shit coin, but I've liked to trade this in the past. It's one of the shit coins that I have a guilty pleasure trading. If we look, it seemed like the order flow is indeed pretty bullish. Now we're engineering liquidity right there from running this imbalance. So I think that, damn what the hell, it changed it to my old colors.
I think that this is a high probability we go up into this. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to set an alert for us coming down into this imbalance right here. And I'm going to watch the one hour to give me a confirmation to go long. Hopefully we get it. We may not.
but it wouldn't be nice to get a nice sweep down and stop out these late longs and then move back up into that imbalance. I'm gonna go ahead, I'm gonna add this to my funded watch list. I'm obviously not trading it on the funded, they don't offer SKL, but I'm trying to add some more coins now that we're starting to see what we wanted to see for a while, which is displacement and activity.
Ravencoin is looking good. I know ZP actually brought this up to me. I don't know if you're in here, but I still want to see a little more on the daily, but this is another one that I'd really like to see move back up into this imbalance. And this also has some fundamental stuff behind it because the ETH merge. This is, I think, what a lot of people at one point were talking about could be a potential good GPU mining coin.
I don't know anything about it really, except that people mine at GPU. That's literally it. I'll keep my eyes on that one. KNC. I just feel like KNC is kind of like, I mean, it was such a Ponzi that it's like, fuck, man. Same thing with like Waves. Like, I wonder if they'll ever recover. This coin just aren't wanting to come back down to a discount. They're just racing. Holy shit, NKN. Gigapump.
I like this so far. Let's dive into this one a little bit. And the reason I say that, I see a high resistance run on liquidity there. From all of this right here, when we dump down, taking all of these lows right here and ran liquidity again and immediately saw a spring up reaction, move back down on this fair value gap and it's order blocked. And now we've seen another shift in structure. So what I'm looking for here is price to retrace. Why is it so big?
for price to retrace back down into a discount of whatever impulse move we make. I think that price really likes this imbalance overall. So we'll see how this one plays out. This I think will be some time, and it may not give an entry, who knows. But let me hop at the weekly too, because the weekly I know is gonna have a lot more of a imbalance to fill here. Pretty wide range to play with in here.
Also got equal highs right here. So I think that overall, this one's to move much higher. Let me see what the risk is. I might go ahead and start a spot position and just wait on any leverage trades. I'm not a big fan of that, to be quite honest. Obviously, that would be nice, but I wouldn't be just assuming that that's going to hit all the way. This would be the main target. I'll wait for now on ZRX. I'm going to add this to my list. Say, what'd you say?
right right yeah man like and that's the thing is like i know a lot of people probably think i'm just like ebenezer scrooge on crypto but i mean when it gives what i want you know i'm gonna look into it i'm just not i'm not gonna sit here and and fuck with the alts until it's time because i got a message on twitter what made you change your mind where you trade alts now i was like really i you should just let's go ahead and play with discord and let's go back to like uh 2021 summer
like bro here i'll just find let me just find this because a lot of people i i didn't really start getting on the social media shit for until like this past couple months but um here i'll put let's go back and just see the ultimate levels of fucking the ultra days of degeneracy during crypto hold on let's see so i think i can go before like a date i think there's like a date yeah before
i know dude right holy shit let's go back to before um let's say before uh december 2021 oh i gotta put in mpix or was it because we changed the channels around i can't remember it's crypto trades which is let me see crypto trades i think is that yeah yeah because i remember so um let's see i actually have to need to i need to put my stream on full screen
Fuck this this monitor. It's dope. I need a vertical screen So I need to stop screen and it's gonna be blank guys on YouTube for two seconds. Just sway I promise it'll be okay Okay, why is it showing that? That's my other screen. Hold on. Sorry guys technical difficulties. We'll just do this So
Let's just see. That might even be before. But there's a lot of crypto degeneracy going on. Let's go way back. Back to the harmonic trading days. I got you. I got you. I don't want to say this for too long. It's nostalgic, bro. Just kidding. Back when crypto... Make crypto great again. Hold on. Let's... I forgot to change the...
yeah it's it's crazy because crypto used to be going fucking crazy like there's a can see good old can see long 64 like that like when's the last time we hit a long it was hit 64 on equity on crypto like this they were just all over the place too this was back whenever everything was just like i was just it was all it was all kosher and crypto was alive and well fucking jpao still had the money printers on
see i want to find really like back to like the summer i feel like that was like the the uh crazy times i was okay yeah you're good you're good bro my boy just came by but um yeah bro that was the the good old days anyways we'll go back to the charts i can't find it there was a point where we were like i think it was like summer at some point where there was like 30 the trade recaps would be like 40 trades in a week all like crypto swings
so i'll go back to this and then what was the what was the coin you said bro that you wanted me to look at mana that's right manna is like big lick i feel like overall just like long term just because bro like i saw and maybe i don't want to fight but like um i saw that uh it was like 40 users or some on their whole platform
Like from you know, like on the actual decentralized platform, but I don't know that could be just fun to you know manipulate price Definitely nice. I'm displacement there push back down to this order block The one hour showing a nice push up
You know, I would have probably wanted to draw it there. That would be the cleaner way. So we came down and moved to that discount. Now we have a new displacement. I actually like this chart, to be honest, despite all the bullshit, which, I mean, you should never let that influence you. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to mark this. I'm going to go back out to it daily before I start getting trigger happier.
are looking at stuff just because I think this does have a lot of room to run. So the daily range for mana, I mean, we've created a new one since the crash, which we went lower at 5836, 5815. So that did make a nice little run on that liquidity. Oh yeah, this is actually pretty fire. Yeah, I kind of like this. I might get some equity in this. It's a little spot swing. I would like to use that though. That's not really what I want to see.
So what I'll do is I'll wait for a nice entry. I'm not trying to like degen into something and then, you know, force something that's not there. I mean, you know, you could maybe try to use this stop loss to be quite honest. That might be better, but I don't want to just, because I really like this imbalance as like a target. Yeah, I'm still going to wait on that, but I will add mana as well. I do like that chart. Let me look at some of these comments.
There was buy side lick taken we got a one minute fair value gap So we talked about yes the beginning just to quickly review it though, and the trade was pretty clear I don't know what you use your stop loss as but um This would have been the trade setup right here. It would have looked like this for me at least it would have been
Literally barely tagged in. Hopefully you got tagged in depending on your broker. What the fuck? Why is this doing this? Just because I selected those other ones? I don't want to. Hold on. I have to fix that. That's not acceptable. It's funny whenever you use different charts and stuff, you just look back and you see your old colors. You're like, ew, what the fuck? Where is it?
Short position. Where are you at? W.Y.A. I copy and paste one or something. Maybe it'll. There we go.
Back to where we're at. So yeah, we got that box. Oh, you're talking about right here probably, aren't you, Womi? You're talking about this. So right here, I think the reason that the trade setup was lower probability is because you didn't move into any price delivery array and you had one just above. So anytime that there's something like that, I think it's better just to wait because you might miss a trade. And another thing too to keep in mind, when you move this far away from your fair value gap, you want to cancel it.
Like, you know, if you move just a little under the low or here and you move, you know, that's fine. But as soon as you see this kind of stuff, you just go ahead and give it up because this is what's going to happen. There's not going to be anything left there. And oftentimes, again.
The importance of understanding the concept of an inefficient range is that it's the market showing you its hand that maybe this isn't the way. Like for instance, if you see this kind of stuff happening, we just take the low and we don't come back to the fair value gap. What most people are going to do is going to say, oh, fuck this bullshit price action. But what a winner is going to do is going to look at it and say, why is this happening? So if that's happening and those orders aren't getting filled, maybe this isn't the true entry. And even if it is.
maybe you missed it but look at things like that because you know on the lower time frames yeah yeah yeah no yeah i i i um i definitely agree with you for sure like as far as the um you know trying to to limit it but
Yeah. But like, I see, I see the, uh, the idea here for sure. But then like the way that I guess the main like lesson to take away from it is like next time plot out your one hour range and say, okay, you know, if, if we're not near a, or if we, if we have a price delivery rate right above and if we're not at a premium on, I think I can't tell if you're saying something, your mic sounded pretty crazy. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Yep. Exactly, bro. Exactly.
I think Europe closed like an hour ago. But no, yeah, for sure. I think that, yeah. I don't know. I can barely hear. I don't know. I think you have like a TV in the background, but it sounds pretty crazy on the mic. I won't lie to you. No, you're good. You're good. I'm just saying whenever you're not talking just to mute it. But you're good, though, for sure.
I encourage everybody to talk. I didn't mean to tell you to mute. I'm just saying in general, if you're not talking, just mute it. That's all I meant. But no, yeah, I agree for sure. And then the nice push here, I think this was kind of like the trade though, for sure. But I see it here. That's just, I guess the takeaway from that is just if you're not in a premium and you get a liquidity rate, maybe like require us pushing into imbalance. Or if you see an imbalance that's just above.
maybe kind of sit that one out. And a lot of it just comes back to being okay with not trading. I'd say most people's trading mistakes come from everybody that has a decent amount of knowledge about trading is going to tell you that they don't FOMO, but everybody has indirect issues that are caused by FOMO. Even me, everybody does. And FOMO isn't just like, oh my God, it's pumping, I'm going to buy in by the top. That's obvious. For instance,
you know, just trying to short, that kind of FOMO is the one that everybody thinks of. But, you know, also like if you're looking at a trade that's like 50-50, you're not very confident, but you feel like the urge to take it, that's FOMO. Whether you realize it or not, even if you're like on a very deep level of, you know, analyzing everything and you have a strategy, I think an important time to make the right decisions as far as, you know, maximizing your equity curve is understanding when not to trade, so to speak.
But yeah, everything's not looking too hot on indices. It's kind of crazy how well alts have been doing despite this. It's nice to see. It's a breath of fresh air. I think that we'll end up moving down towards this low. Probably because this looks like search and destroy price action where everything's going to get taken. So one thing that we can do too, I'm actually curious to do this.
Is this near an extension? No, not right on it. We have this imbalance that is. So we have the standard deviation of that liquidity rate. Now I know that this is...
The template I'm using is for the Asian range, but I'm just using the first deviation. And it does go right down into this imbalance. So I think that this could be a likely target as far as this liquidity rate. So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to leave that there. And I'm going to title it just for, this was the, what was that that we drew it on? Was it the five minute? Yeah, the five minute liquidity rate. So standard deviation of the M5 rate.
I really like using standard deviations to target stuff too because it kind of can give clarity whenever things are.
you know, maybe not necessarily as clear as where to take profits or at least where to leave a run or two. So here, you know, we have liquidity here. That liquidity raid pushed up into that imbalance. We shifted pretty rough. So, you know, we could potentially look for a return back to equilibrium and see maybe a nice short. We might not see that though, you know, because again, we're getting closer to those draws on liquidity. Price is going to kind of just have a mind of its own. It seems like it's wanting to push down here.
Again, I'm not really trading this, but that's the narrative that I see as probably more downside into this imbalance, which is 36.71.50. Oh, I'm sorry. I just now saw these LM. I said BNB. That was a while ago. BNB, weekly break of structure. I think BNB, I mean, dude, it has a chance of wanting to take... Oh, wait, did it already take it?
Oh, no. Yeah, I did. Wow. Okay. Oh, yeah. No, I knew that. I'm sorry. I was looking at this right here. So originally, I wanted a reversal here before and more upside, but that Twitter acquisition fucking put it to the moon. But I like the idea of potential BNB short soon as well. I mean, it's not there yet. I think it still has some time to develop for sure. But we're back in that premium of that weekly range.
And we're tapping into this imbalance up here. If we fill this imbalance, get a daily shift, I would swing all the way down to 182. You know, we're not there yet though. So I would be waiting for a daily shift up here, but we're definitely, do I have BNB on my list? I'm not sure. Needs to be on there.
This is something else that I want to potentially get in some swing shorts. But specifically when I say it's not ready, like, okay, what would make it ready is if the day did something like that. The daily chart of the day. Give us a shift. Give shift. A-P-T-U-S-T.
Holy shit. Well, I swear, dude, trading me, maybe it's because I have my PC on. I mean, that's probably why, but I turn off trading, like I exit out, but I never get any fucking alerts, man. Like I literally never get alerts that I set. I don't see them until way after they're over with. And I feel like I never used to have that issue. So I don't know. It's probably something on my end, but it's still kind of frustrating. Anyways, you took the sell side here on APT, kind of chilling out down here. I wouldn't.
look at this as a potential reversal just yet so it's continuation until proven otherwise if you get a shift down here so the next target i would look at is these equal lows so you got sell side down there if you get a shift here displacement you could may frame itself into those lows but um you know yeah potential we're accumulating here if we come back to the range that's one thing but this price action isn't very indicative of that just yet right here like this move specifically
If we come back into that range with this placement, yeah, you could see short start to get punished because there is a ton of liquidity all above this.
So I would just wait for displacement in one direction before I would mess with this too much. So yeah, Silent said, you don't get any alerts. And I think Braden's referring to the same thing. He said, I feel the same. But yeah, man, it's just, it's kind of irritating because, you know, when I'm day trading, I like being really focused on one to two charts. So I'm not going to watch 25 charts, but you can, you know, it's nice to be able to set alerts to be able to kind of multitask more officially.
Maybe I need to quit the Brave app whenever I don't have this open. It might be in my settings, like a quick start setting. There's something on my end. I know it's probably not trading useful, but I'm going to try to figure that out. Let's see some more of these questions. Okay, this was that. Can inside bars be considered a refined order block if they are at the apex of a swing?
Yes. Sorry, it took a second for me to picture and envision what you're saying. But yes, they can. Inside bars are a form of like fractal supply and demand. So you definitely can have an inside bar. And basically the inside bar, if you go to a four hour, that's going to be a range of maybe a one hour or four hour. It's going to be a whole little range and you'll be able to refine it even farther if you wish. Also, when we asked earlier to analyze price action on S&P between 930 and 1016, we kind of already did that.
From trading funded using MT4, what sort of leverages your funded account? It's a 100, and it's on MT5. I don't mean to be like actually MT5, but I do trade MT5, but yeah. Casper, can we expect a sleepy market for the next three or four months? I do not think so. I think that we could see consolidations like we see in crypto, and that's going to be kind of a cyclical thing, but I think that the stock markets are going to be running rampant.
When I journal my trades, what am I specifically taking note of? Time, setup, emotions, how the trade develops. I need to get better at writing down my emotions, how I felt during the trade, because I don't do that enough. But I just kind of write the setup, what model I used. So I use Notion, so I actually can create a type of trade, and then I can organize them by the model and all that. So it's mainly just setup.
Small notes, a picture, what model it was, and what was the result. I said my screen gone. Yeah, I remember that. Do I think EU will drop? Let's look at EU.
The dollar does what I think it was going to. I don't think so. Originally, I wanted this low. We talked about that yesterday. I was saying that basically I wouldn't want to long it until it came down to the low, but I also wouldn't want to short it because I think that's possible we could even take that. It also wanted us to come up here. But the dollar's reaction in that daily order block or weekly order block, I can't remember which one it was, but it was a high timeframe order block. That tells me that.
the dollar might start going down which is going to create you know a high amount of buying volume here which we saw today so i wouldn't be plotting on euro's demise while dxy looks as it does now if dxy starts shifting again into a bullish market structure then yeah i would look for down movement on euro and again you're starting to see these complex you know consolidations where we're starting to attack all literally literally attack all liquidity
and start to get those signs we might want to reverse or we might be starting an accumulation phase where eventually it's going to reverse. Because if you look until now, especially with DXY and the euro, it's just total clear bearish swings on top of one another. But now we have this somewhat of a consolidation that's lasting over a month now where prices are attacking all liquidity.
So these ranges are designed to exhaust traders and build up interest in the market so that smart money can take advantage of it. You're welcome, Womi. Synapse said, hi, Casper. I wasn't trading during peak crypto bull run. Did smart money concepts work during that time, which was up only? Thank you. So I really wasn't trading SMC heavily for like the early bull run, like the first bull run, I guess, like 2020. I wasn't really trading smart money concepts.
But I have backtested them, and yeah, they worked fucking incredibly. But it was rapid expansion, so it's not like you always got your perfect retracement. But if you look back, let's just do this. Oops, what did I just do? I'm on the wrong page. We're on the oldest chart, and we'll go in like a four-hour. Just do this, actually. This is the most telling thing. So if we look back to the COVID crash,
Let's just look at this. We had the COVID crash, right? So what did price do right here? It ran all this liquidity. Now I want you to look at this in the daily, now let's go to a weekly. Right into this order block.
What did this little range do right here? Took liquidity from this range. So we have that ultimate accumulation manipulation distribution here. So price action is price action. And what we're using, and if you look here, let's see. Okay, market came up. It did what? It showed us the desire. It wanted to shift. Then what? Came down to a discount and took off from there. So you see it. It definitely was working. And it always has worked. It's just the way the market moves.
God, talk about the fucking long of a lifetime. If you caught that, you know, just probably targeted the all-time highs before. So that's what I'm saying. Imagine having known that very confidently at that time. So it's going to be very nice to focus. I was trading a lot of harmonics back in, you know, all of this right here. And also here for me was a lot of equity. You know, and this massive move up was mainly just like equity and swings and stuff of that nature. Yeah, the equity didn't even need leverage at that time.
So he said, I expect from APT 2 to 3X, Binance, Alameda invested into it. They won't let it dump. Yeah, I mean, you got to think though, bro. You know, when they invested in it was before it hit this chart. So that's where they sold probably.
All through there. So whenever they're seed investors and they rug pull it like this, I mean, it's just like a legal rug pull, like literally. Because there were people, they might not have got filled all the way through here, but you got to remember, SPF is like evil, bro. The way that Alameda manipulates the market is fucking heartless. So if the chart says it, go for it. But I wouldn't use that as my own thing. That's why I don't really touch it like this. I mean, it could for sure. I mean, it definitely could.
it's nearly a 2x just to go to the high other than this massive wick but you know it's just one of those things that whenever this happens you know something tells me that the people that are really involved in it like in the seed investors they got out already
Will crypto exchanges b-book you if they consider you a high-risk trader? I heard ICT talk about it. He said the exchange will delay your orders and do things that can affect profitability. I am a venture capitalist can't sell. I don't know how much I would believe all that, to be quite honest, because I've seen a lot of projects say that. And then, yeah, there is vesting and stuff. But somebody, some massive, massive force fucking sold.
I'll just tell you that. I don't know who, but some absolutely massive force sold to cost this. $100 to $9 in one hour or less than an hour. Yeah, their publicly held coins will be unlocked after a year.
I promise you, SVF is not playing by the book most of the time. But yeah, as far as the B booking, I could see, I mean, I've personally never really seen it happen. And I think that people just say things a lot when they get really angry. For instance, ICT went on a rant for two days about how he's going to sue AMP and how AMP is terrible and all this. And then you see him trading on AMP three days later, which we've all done. For instance, you might get mad at an exchange or mad at your firm for things. But a lot of times, you know.
If it's really that serious, you probably wouldn't be trading on it again. You'd probably change to a new exchange. But I'm sure that it can happen. Now, with firms, the less credible firms I know will try to nitpick you. Let's say if you make $100,000 in a month, they're going to try to go back and find a reason to not give it to you. That's why it's best to not try to... The notion of ever using any firm except some of the main, largest firms to me is just...
It's ludicrous. I don't understand why people would do that. But yeah, with SBF, I mean, maybe I'm just cynical, but something tells me that they're not public with everything. I mean, I think that we, I know you agree with me, but still it's, I don't know. I've just seen so many, you know, next big things in crypto just completely get demolished.
LM asked, do harmonics really work? To me, it seems like a new age of call shit with all these lines and animal names. No, it works for sure. 100%. Now, I think it should be coupled with other things. I have heard ICT, he'll make fun of it because the animal names, which I get it is kind of funny, but I'll just tell you firsthand, that shit works. I made a lot of good trades using harmonics and market structure. I promise it works.
is it as consistency or is it i'm sorry is it as consistent or precise as ict logic definitely not so and there's a reason i don't trade anymore um and i and i used to trade smart money with harmonics but then i realized that psychologically i trade better with a simple style
So I've kind of refined and there's, it's not like I don't trade them because they don't work. It's just that, you know, using harmonics with SMC, there's a lot of room for discretion there and kind of overtrading or just seeing opportunities in a lot of places when maybe they are, maybe they aren't. So I kind of just cut it out and simplified it, but I didn't stop trading it because they don't work because they definitely do work. Like, let's see, I'll show you a couple. I remember, right? Is it GRT that did it?
Here is an example of a great one that we traded off of in Playbit. And there was one on link on the day. I remember a perfect bullish bat. A little bit out of the error range. It was a 5% for a daily chart. So a little bit for the B point, a little longer. But we see that this, I used to use CD retracements. So you could do this. Do I even have a harmonic one anymore?
Don't well, I'll just do this went right to equilibrium You're very close to it now
You can move this over here. Like that, right to equilibrium. I mean, yeah. Now, again, how do you execute off this? You know, you need to add other things. And if you look, you could have added some running concepts. You could have said, okay, well, there's that. And there's a lot of liquidity down in the discount of this range. So you had liquidity internal to the range and a discount. So that got attacked. That could have been your entry. You see what I'm saying? So yeah, I'd say you can kind of use them together.
I really like harmonics in the high time. Like I said, the only reason I don't use them is because I think it overcomplicates my style. But they work very well. So a lot of things that...
Sometimes I kind of disagree with the marketing tactics ICT uses because it's all negative to anything else but him, which I think he knows better than that. It's just a selling point for his brand and to make people worship that godlike persona, which it is what it is to each his own. It's a business tactic, I guess. But I think that a lot of people that get super fucking absorbed into SMC,
kind of detached from reality and i'm i trade smc and i'll tell you right now it's not the only way to trade you know it's not it's just simply not so um
It's just the way that I selected to trade, and I obviously selected it for the reason that I think it's the best for me, but I know people that trade SMC that can't trade worth a fuck, that have been trying to trade for a long time. And then I also know people that trade bull flags that SMC little DJs might make fun of them, but they're making more money than any of them.
possibilities are endless you know there's people that like i was watching a podcast last night and this guy was trading all he was doing was like a 50 ema break on like a 45 minute chart after the day there's there's some like super weird but it was like he went back over it they went over trades like i was fucking killing it
You know, so it's like, bro, anything that works, like, you know, it really just comes down to a bottom line. Like, are you making money or are you not making money? Yeah. And if you're not making money, then you really have no room to speak on anybody else's strategy. And then if you are making money, you probably realize that your strategy isn't the only strategy.
Just a little rant on that. Because that's another thing with smart money community that I'm not a fan of is the whole, and it's from the way that ICT talks about stuff, I'm pretty confident. It's like the condescending perspective that it places on other styles of trading. I mean, even the name. People say dumb money and smart money, and it's just like, I mean, I get the idea of it for sure. But all that's just selling points.
that a lot of these gurus have came up with. But then, you know, some people like myself, I look at it and like, I am like, okay, like, you know, obviously the value of, of the concepts is good, but I recognize that a lot of that stuff is just selling points, but people get absorbed by that. And they like fucking live by it and they find security in it. But I hate that shit. So you'll never hear me like, right. Yeah. It's just his brand.
Yeah, that's why I don't hate on it. But I do think that people that are kind of susceptible to that stuff, like for instance, a lot of people that do trading education, they take advantage of, because here's the thing, whenever you're going to someone for education for something like this, you're probably desperate.
For instance, I know that myself, whenever I first started trading, I did really well. I had beginner's luck, then lost a lot of money. And out of the desperation to be successful in trading, that's when I got serious. So what does getting serious entail? Seeking out education. So some people, when they're in that mindset, they finally find something that works, ICT, and then they're just very susceptible to totalitarian.
perspective of you know a tunnel vision of that's the only way and like everything else but you got to be aware that um you know of everything so hopefully that's some insight that's value to some of you guys
But on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. Enjoy your weekend. The class for Playbid, I'm going to post it up. It will be on Sunday, not Saturday. I have my daughter, and we have some stuff we're going to do tomorrow. So I will also post two topics that you guys can vote on again. If you're not in the private Discord, you can get a free trial. There's a link in the description. Just use the all caps CASPER, and that way you can join us for our class on Sunday.
And then if you're not in the discord and you're not going to join the trial, I will see you on Monday. We'll resume the free streams. We'll be here all week next week. So as always, if you have any questions, feel free to reach out through any social media. I will get back to you guys as soon as possible. As soon as I get off here, I'm going to go ahead and tweak this video a little bit and I'm going to get a video uploaded for you all. And then.
Yeah, that's about it. Just don't get liquidated out there. Appreciate you guys coming through and I will see you all tomorrow or not well Sunday for discord and Monday for streams, but peace until then
