What's up? What's up? I'm going to give everybody a couple minutes to get in here. So if you're watching this at a later date, you can go ahead and fast forward for a couple minutes to avoid the silence. What's good? Longway, how you doing? Bro, Longway is insane this month. If you guys aren't following him, you definitely should. Let me go find his Twitter.
Bro, appreciate that, bro. Yeah, of course. Nah, shit, bro. Man, this dude's been going fucking nuts out of nowhere, too. Man's is up like fucking 20x on the port, and it's not on Odija and shit. I'll vouch for that firsthand. It's like real deal.
fucking real shit real trading not even like on no crazy like lucky shit is it 21st long way yes sir 21st oh understood that is i was gonna say i didn't wreck i forget that i was looking for your um yeah what's it called someone i think already has the 21 21st like long way that's fucking kind of ass everybody that's on twitter go ahead and follow my bro this dude's got hella hella sauce he's been going hard lately
He's just not getting on social media and shit, so boost his shit up. Yeah, so today was interesting.
We finally hit our target on Spy that we went over in the macro. Macro stream is 400 bucks. Even it literally went 18 cents over that. I mean, I can't say that I expected that quick of a rejection, but I am pretty satisfied that our goal was hit. I think I put it out on Twitter was the 14th, but it was actually like a week before that because it was right at the new quarter when we did the macro stream.
The link to that's in the bio of this video. So anybody who's watching this that didn't watch that, go back, check me. We talked about all this before it happened and played that fucking annihilated, like absolutely annihilated all markets on the way up. So I'm grateful to say the least. Now I think that it's time to kind of reflect on now that our bias has been met, what does that mean about our bias moving forward?
Just because one has a bias or a target and that target is met does not mean in all situations that you immediately reverse and switch your narrative. Some it does, but in my opinion, I think we need to look for signs of weakness or strength if we're looking for a bullish reversal after we've hit our targets to determine, you know, hey, is this going to keep going? Is this, you know.
Are we hitting this target now going back to another area of liquidity? And I think that's the smarter way to do things instead of to, you know, kind of just switch it up that quick. So first off, we'll just look at SPX. I like just charting on SPX better than ES or SPY just because it's kind of like less gappy and stuff.
Now, when we're looking at ES, if we go to this level right here on the daily imbalance on SPX, now this was not met to a T like it was on SPY. And on this, we left a tiny, tiny, tiny bit of area where we didn't see how much it was. It's like literally...
$2.2 on SPX. I don't know exactly what it was on SPY, but I consider that filled. Now, am I saying we won't go higher? Not necessarily, but once we're in these areas and I see that we've kind of filled a lot of, or I guess removed a lot of liquidity from the market, we start to look for other potential areas of liquidity.
So here with SPY, I want to note that we do have a daily bear structure. And while the four hour has gone bullish and we've seen a series of, you know, we had a series of higher lows and higher highs. You know, we know that if we're in a daily bearish market where we see price action doing this, well, you know.
After we get this break of structure, we expect a pullback. Now, on the daily, the swing structure is not changing. It remains the same. We're just expecting that pullback into a premium, which is above the midpoint of our range, the impulsive move in price. And we have to understand that what is the four hour going to have to do for us to make it up here? It's going to have to go bullish, right? And then, you know, we're expecting that bullish trend to end.
follow the expectational order flow that the daily has presented us. You know, nothing is 100%. We could see a continuation and, you know, the daily gets completely invalidated. All trends come to an end at some point, but we're not trying to pull our crystal ball out or trying to predict. We're trying to go with the flow, you know, trade with what the market's giving to you. You know what I mean? You don't want to get...
You don't want to rationalize. You don't want to justify why things should happen before they happen. And while, you know, we can have target. I'm not saying you shouldn't have price targets or anything like that. I'm just saying you shouldn't expect the unexpected, I guess, so to speak, unless you have a reason from a higher time frame. So, you know, this four hour is bullish, but we're expecting it to switch bearish.
before taking this daily high because the higher time frame this example it's the daily is bearish so the four hour going bullish is just part of a daily pullback and for instance let's just say maybe who knows the the weekly was bullish and this daily being bearish you know it's part of a weekly pullback well then you might expect the daily to get broken and you can layer this
I don't really don't go past the weekly, but the important takeaway is that you trade with the expectation that the higher timeframe will prevail. And whatever you have been given on the higher timeframe, that's what you're going to continue to get. So when we look at the daily chart on SPY or Bitcoin or really any major financial instrument, we see a bearish daily swing. Currency pairs are different, but...
You know, here that four hours gone bullish. Now we've came up, we've came to the daily drawn liquidity that we talked about, this daily imbalance and then these daily highs. So now that we've removed this, you know, we look at where more obvious areas of liquidity are found.
So, with SPY, to me, I see two potential areas. And I'm not going to look for the lower one until I get more confirmation from the lower time frames, which we'll get into. I see a pretty large imbalance that is yet to be filled here.
We got it. You know, it's expected that we're going to get this kind of reaction here. Does that mean that I'm immediately expecting us to go down all to the pits? Not necessarily. I could see us coming back up into this daily supply zone, up into this imbalance. I think that's definitely possible. Now, I will need the lower timeframes to agree with that bias and, you know, give me reason to trade based off that narrative before I.
you know go get all gung-ho and say it's going to happen because this is a very highly probable reversal zone now if we do reverse what i would be looking for to confirm that i would look for another daily candle with a lower high than this one and then another daily candle with a lower high than this one as well now if that happens you know first of all if that happens we probably filled this imbalance already i would be looking at a minimum
for this imbalance. And to be quite honest with you, most likely all of these lows, because I think there is a ton of liquidity under these lows, all this right here. I know they're not exactly equal. A lot of the liquidity from these lows has already been removed with that spring price right there. But I do think there is, I mean, I think we can all agree that a lot of people are getting out of the market if we start to break down from here. So.
how we're going to go into the week or how I'm going to go into the week next week. Well, what I'm looking at is this change of character right here. So to me, this is a change of character. Let me hide this for a second. So the reason being is that price on an internal level was bullish, right? We saw it clear, you know, we made a low, higher, low, higher, high, higher, low, higher, high, higher, high, lower, low.
So that area right there, that is the first sign of weakness. Now, where did this sign of weakness occur? Right at the fill of that daily imbalance. Also, we can go on a four hour and see that we had some form of a drop based drop. What it really was was price was kind of reacting to some demand or this fair value gap and then blasted through it. If we go down to a one hour, we can refine that to this institutional candle, which was.
you know, the last candle before this massive move. Now,
You know, when we're in a daily bearish market, we're looking at areas of reversal in a premium to indicate that this daily pullback is over and we're going to resume the bearish narrative and come down and take out the weak low. So what I usually teach is to look for the daily change of character to really confirm that. Because we use changes of character to determine when pullbacks are beginning and when they're ending. For instance, here is our first change of character. What did that indicate? That the pullback.
was beginning what did we get we got a pullback now the daily hasn't changed character here it would take quite a bit for the day if the daily changes character we have to take this low as of now
Unless we kind of move sideways and then maybe spike this high, then you have a new internal low, and then you would have something to clear to get a change of character. We'll see if that happens. But whenever we're trading with the trend, I will use a lower time frame to indicate the beginning of the sign of weakness. And I'll layer that throughout multiple time frames. So in this example, what I see is that 4-hour, that's the next time frame I use from a daily. I don't really use the 12-hour and the 8-hour.
um there's nothing against those i just personally don't use them um the four hour we got a change of character right with displacement in our zone so um the four hour i am looking at as i you could we had this candle originally that this down candle up to the wick then i go to a one hour and refine that and i get this one hour order block fair value you got below it right the displacement that got our change of character
So now what I'll be looking for and I've got alert set for it at this level the bottom of this candle I'm gonna look for price to trade back into this area
And then if the 15 minute switch is bearish, then we'll have new supply. Then we'll wait for the five minute to go up into this zone. And when it switches bearish, that's where I'll be looking to short. I'm not trying to catch the top. I don't encourage that mentality. You're going to hurt your own feelings a lot trying to do that and lose confidence if you try to just catch every single absolute top. And that's your focus.
is to catch the top and people will even say they'll even take shitty trades like you know somebody might say just just go ahead and short and their stop loss is somewhere crazy and you know they get this and then they say oh i caught the top well in reality how much money did you really make bro you know so um i think that we should let this develop but i am starting to see those signs of weakness
So what do I think that that necessarily means for crypto? Well, one thing I do want to
to bring up is that while the S&P is kind of like the granddaddy of the stock market, I think that Bitcoin moves more with NOS because Bitcoin's like a tech stock. For those of you who don't know, NASDAQ is the tech index, has companies like Tesla, among others, like it. And if you're asking me, NASDAQ looks more ready for a fall than the S&P even. And the reason being, now, if we look at the daily on NASDAQ, look where it came all the way up to.
came all the way into this zone now we've got our four hour change of character and this one's pretty clear you could say up here or for those who aren't as aggressive as i am you know they only use a candle close you know to determine a new internal high it gave it to you either way well i guess if you use candle closes we didn't get a closer here so to me this this was the break of structure but i plotted out both so you could kind of see that now um
Again, we're going to approach this patiently. We're not going to FOMO in and just try to chase stuff. We just want to watch and see how price reacts in this zone. Now, something that's odd with indices right now is I'm not really seeing an insane correlation here. And when I say that, I mean, if we look at, let's just look at daily charts.
So let's look at the NASDAQ has pulled back immensely. Now, if we look at the S&P 500, it is not pulled back up into this original distribution range that we had up here. If we look at the NASDAQ, it has, which is odd. I don't usually like to see that much of a deviation or a divergence between these two assets.
Same thing with US-30. US-30 has not pulled back. I think the US-30 has a lot of room to run too. So that's the range we want to see it pull up into, maybe like this candle right there. But we haven't seen that yet. Now we have hit all of these similar supply areas as far as the S&P and the Dow Jones, which is the US-30. And we've seen that change of character here.
Right. This hit the daily imbalance. Actually, where was this? I think this four hour.
He has the four hour imbalance. So, you know, all the potential reversal zones, all have removed a ton of liquidity, but I'm not necessarily just totally convinced that we're going all the way down yet. We're going to use that method I just spoke about of layering our timeframes and using multi-timeframe analysis to give us more confirmation and also increase our risk to reward if we plan to take action and, you know, get into sales.
So that's what I'm looking at with, I think the NASDAQ looks cleaner for sales than any of them, in my opinion, because it is up higher. But I also think that it's odd that we have that much of a deviation. So I did want to touch on that a little bit. Now, Bitcoin. Bitcoin has not made nearly as much of a recovery as any of the indices has.
So we haven't even made a move up to the daily equilibrium or the, you know, the 50%. So we haven't retraced into a premium. Now, do we have to always retrace into a premium? Absolutely not. We've seen that proof of that here.
We came down, we broke structure. We didn't even come close to coming into a daily premium of this range. It all depends on what liquidity is the market reaching for and how big is the inefficiency between supply and demand. If there's no demand, there's no law that says we have to come back up into equilibrium. That's just kind of a tool we can use to help us target POIs when we're trading countertrend. For instance,
You know, if we're trading against the trend and we're going to look for that change of character to get into a trade, you know, where are we going to target? We're going to look for the first POI in a premium or to be even more conservative, just take profits at EQ. So it's not a rule that we have to come to it, but just kind of a guideline. Now, one thing that I will say about Bitcoin that is interesting, if we look at the four hour.
The only POI that I really see is this fair value gap right there. Did we come to that? No, we didn't. Did we start dumping right in front of it due to some news? Yeah.
So ideally, I would almost like us to come up and run this high, but I'm not going to force my narrative on the market. As bad as I want this to happen, as much as I would rather take sales on Bitcoin from back up in this four-hour imbalance, I'm not going to force that narrative, but I am going to watch what price is giving me. What is price giving me here? Well, we kind of have to take it with a grain of salt because we...
People that are really only into crypto, they don't want to look at things like this sometimes, but the indices are the same place that the institutions that are pushing Bitcoin, that's where they have their money as well. So if you see indices begin to sell off, you're going to see Bitcoin sell off. I promise you. Maybe not exactly the same move or this and that, but it will have an impact.
Could I see this parade getting rained on if indices reverse? Yeah. Looking at Bitcoin, the daily drawn liquidity for me that we talked about was this high up here.
Have we taken that? 100% have. There is an imbalance up here. I don't necessarily think we have to go to the entire top of the imbalance. But if price turns around and forms a daily swing low, that's what I would look for. But what I have in front of me that helps me not get married to this four-hour imbalance narrative is that we have formed a swing high. Just like what I was telling you guys a second ago, what I'm looking for on indices, we formed that swing high on Bitcoin.
What do I see us going for? What's the clear area? These lows right here.
It's 18, 780 is the lowest one. And I'm just looking at it from an objective perspective and ask myself, where are retail stop losses here? I don't see any imbalance here, right? The only thing we filled was right here and that was not substantial. And also it was in a premium of this impulsive move because what we're looking at when we're looking at institutional logic, which we had an entire class on this in the private discord, but.
To sum it up very quickly, our swing structure, when we're looking at it from the perspective that I've been going over for the earlier part of the stream, that is a different perspective than an institution has. That is a perspective we use to view what institutions are doing. And what I mean by that is you don't have our market makers at BlackRock coming on their trading view and saying, oh.
daily bearish swing structure, I'm going to short from supply. No, they're creating that. The way they look at price is from a perspective of liquidity. So when you take off everything here, we see price pushes and makes these impulsive moves down and either clears imbalances or clears highs. And what this is doing is creating enough liquidity for the market makers to continue with their agenda. One could argue that
a lot of this big push because tesla when they sold their bitcoin it was from this area it was like i think around 29k so um you know maybe was that orchestrated to liquidate um
or destroy Terra and help the Terra collapse? I don't know. Maybe was it with the mission to liquidate Three Arrows Capital? I don't know. Don't forget, we're talking about the richest man in the world here. And when we're talking about who's moving these markets, I promise you, he has ties with them. And I'm not trying to sound like some tinfoil hat guy. I'm just looking at it from a logical perspective of if market makers were trying to push price down here.
They were definitely trying to liquidate people. And when I say we're looking for stop losses, yes, retail stop losses, but it's also just dumb money in the sense of not just retail. For instance, Three Arrows Capital is a great example. Are they retail or what? Hell no.
behave like retail? Yes. Were they foolish and kind of put themselves in a crosshair? Yes. So larger, more informed money that has experience manipulating all markets will snipe that out just like the terror collapse was sniped out. And those faults and discrepancies will be exploited and they will be used in the market maker's agenda or the composite operator, whatever you're going to call it.
So when we're looking at this, was this possibly a push down with the Tesla sell off to liquidate a lot of these big players? I could definitely see it. Point of the story is that's what market makers that are making this swing structure are thinking about. Where can they create liquidity in order to use it to their advantage? So in this example, if Bitcoin continues and starts to make an impulsive move down, my daily bias for each day will that we will close lower and we'll be reaching for these lows.
That's the only spot I see. I mean, I don't see another clear area. Now, do I say it's just going to be straight one candle? No. Could we even come back up and reverse and form a swing low on the daily and reach all the way up here? Yes, anything can happen. But from where we're at right now, indices are in a potential reversal zone. They haven't really given us full confirmation. But if they do, I promise you Bitcoin's going down with them. When I'm looking at Bitcoin, we're not in a four-hour POI.
We're really not in a daily POI. I don't think there's any kind of weekly POI, except the fact that we did come down and fill this weekly.
weekly imbalance. Now, the weekly drawn liquidity would be to fill this imbalance, which is the same as the daily. So like I said, we could still push up. But as of right now, if we start to reverse, and I'm using a combination of institutional logic and also market structure because, you know, yes, the daily form that swing high where we see the impulsive move down and then two candles after it that close lower than or have a higher or I'm sorry, a lower high.
Now, they don't have to be consecutive lower highs. This has to have a lower high than this one. Now, when we're looking at a four-hour, did we get a break of structure to the downside? Yes, on an internal level, similar to indices. Was that induced, though, by news? Yes, so I'm taking out the grain of salt, but I am just going to interpret price action how I always interpret it because I have to do that to maintain my edge.
So when price comes down, we break structure. Now, to explain for those of you in the Discord that why I wanted to long down here was because I saw that, yes, we are bearish, but we had to mitigate this zone, and I saw a potential to go up in this imbalance.
That was why we wanted to do originally long from this zone right here. We canceled those limits because price moved too far away. And my narrative was altered, right? So my narrative was to catch price. I wanted to sweep the lows and then push up to exactly where price did. That was going to be where one of our targets were. We're going to take the trade higher if it went higher. But now that one of my targets was hit, I think more than one was hit. I'm not going to force this narrative because to me, trading from a market structure perspective and not.
marrying a narrative that I want to happen, you know, the risk reward is just not there. So that to explain to you guys in depth, because I had a lot of people ask me, why did I cancel these limits that would be active right now? And it'd probably be that actually be in a little bit of drawdown. That's the reason I canceled them. So now what I'm looking for is we've came down to this fair value gap. Also, there was this sell to buy range at a three drive. So whenever we're looking at
We came down under an old low. So we rated liquidity and we rated it once, twice, three times. So that's going to be a three drive. I did not come up with that. I want to be clear about that. But it's an ICT. I don't know if you'd call it schematic or just pattern, whatever. But we formed that, probably Wyckoff accumulation too. A lot of times the same. We had this displacement, which confirms the institutional sponsorship for me. Also, we had these lows.
i think this was the actual only low at the time this is we came down and reacted off whatever we did before i'm pushing down but that was why i wanted to see price come into this zone and move to the upside so now whenever we've came down into this zone also you can just look at it from a supply and demand perspective um with this being your demand that last down candle before that move
We came down to this area, and since this is a 15-minute zone and it is counter trend, if you want to be aggro, you could look for a five-minute confirmation. Now, did we get that already? Yes, we did right here. Whether you use a wick, there it was, or a closure, there it was. So now we look for that last down candle before the move. Now, also, another thing is we might have some form of some power of three going on here.
where we are accumulation, manipulation, distribution, where we see this big push up, a deviation from the range. We're engineering liquidity on both sides of this lower timeframe range. And this is purely algorithm driven. And this is also, you know, just kind of speculating at this point. I'm not saying I would for sure long off this, but what I would anticipate is for price to hopefully raid the buy side first, right? Creating inducing longs.
Also made an infographic about this. This is just class A inducement. Inducing longs, falling back into the range, and then sweeping the early long stop loss. And also, now these longs are either liquidated or just in the gutter, and they're inducing short, so it's just manipulation. We have the accumulation, which is your three drive here, or you could say it started here, here, and then went here, and then we saw our displacement. This is very similar to the 50-minute price action that we just went over.
And we're in that 15 minute zone. But if we can, you know, come down here, raid these lows, and we come back down to this original candle before displacement.
And then you start to see a lower timeframe break of structure. We could look to long and take those longs up into our target. Now that would give us the risk to reward we actually would be looking for in order to execute a trade. I will say if this occurs over the weekend, there is a good chance I personally won't be watching it because I don't really trade weekends. I've found that it helps.
me stay consistent during the week. And also I spend time with family. I get off the charts, read, just do some other shit other than trading because I trade full time. So I don't, I don't want to watch the charts all weekend, but that is what I could possibly see playing out. Now it would need more confirmation. It's definitely counter trend. Specifically what I'd be looking for is a move down into here, another five minute break of structure. And then
look for a return to that newly introduced demand and take profits at imbalances along the way. And I'll be fully out here. Wouldn't even leave a runner. But you can see how that would provide a potential trade that has a risk to reward that meets our requirements, which for me is a minimum of 3R. I used to be 5R, but 3R is a great trade. Don't get addicted to the...
you know 50r and all that um it's it's definitely possible and attainable we've got we got 20r i think on a trade not long ago in the discord but um uh you know don't don't get married to that idea but anyways overall um i think that we're kind of at that decisional point and if we price returns up to this area right here and i see a five minute change of character then i'll be looking to sell um
And I won't target, you know, I'm not going to get in a cell and try to target range lows, but I will build my narrative over and I will trade from a bearish perspective intraday if we start to show more signs of weakness and we can clearly see bearish order flow enter the market. I think a lot of it, again, I've said it a lot of times, but I think a lot of it has direct dependence on what indices do.
So to sum up what I think SPY filling the gap means for crypto is I think that it's a high probability that we could see a reversal here. And I think the same with Playboy said the same thing today. I think that if you've been in lungs this whole time, maybe you bought equity.
You know, take some money while it's available. Right. I'm not telling you to just that everything's going to the gutter, but I'm telling you that we have to trade with a rational perspective and we cannot get in that notion of up only. You know, we leave that for DGENs and gamblers and we're professionals. We don't do that. It's not that's not what we're going to do or not what I'm going to do. You do whatever you want. But that really sums up most of what I wanted to.
go over um we're only 30 minutes in and if you guys want ask any questions um unmute your mic for any of those in the discord and if not just start dropping some coins to do ta on because that's that's really about it for me that's that's all i wanted to go over
I'm just going to start scaling. Oh yeah, gold. There's something else. Gold's like pretty interesting because we came down to these weekly lows for the fifth time now. I guess fourth time since the first low. And it's just like there is some force that does not want these lows to break. And that force could be just maintaining them to preserve a retail perspective of support.
you know later liquidity but it's like this is showing strength i was wanting to potentially short it from a refined zone i think i refined it from one hour but it pushed through the zone which tells me it wants higher um one thing i've learned um you know maybe it was this zone up here maybe there was i haven't looked at this i just as soon as i saw it earlier broke the zone i was like okay i'm gonna revisit i mean who knows maybe it was this 15 minute candle that had been untapped um
right here. But I do look at things from a historical perspective. So, okay, we did get a nice change of character there. We'll save that.
So the only thing that it makes me... Anything else where we're near these lows, I'm like, oh yeah, I'm just shorting until we tap those. We're so close to them. But let's look back at who had that mentality the last three times. Because I'm sure people had it here. I'm sure they had it here. And for whatever reason, they probably had it here. And then look what happens. Every time gold hits these levels, it just goes on a fucking insane bull run.
You know, and this has been going on since the first tap was over a year ago. So, you know, I'm not going to get married to that short narrative, but I was, you know, really wanting to short it here. I still will with, you know.
With price telling me that that's what it wants to do for me right here. You know, we just got a bullish break of structure Right there. So if I'm going to trade against the four-hour trend What I'm going to need is that for our change of character. So where we stand right now That's down here. I'll go ahead and send alert for this
And again, it's the same mechanical procedure of once this breaks, I look for the last up candle before that break or before the down move. And then I'll look for the price to return there. And then the 15 minute to play out in the same manner. If I get a 15 minute, then I look for the five minute. And then at that point, I would start to short back down into a discount of this range and leave a runner to these lows. But this is a setup I've been waiting on for a while.
We long gold once when it was like, I think it was after this break of structure, one of these breaks of structure. But after that, I kind of just waited because we're getting so close to those lows. And I really want to build that short narrative. But that's another stuff that's developing.
A lot of this is going to also develop on DXY. And if you guys have been watching the streams for any extended amount of time, you've probably seen us talk about the monthly supply zone that DXY is in. We've also swept out a lot of highs. We're the highest we've been since 2002.
The dollar has been accumulating literally since the housing market crash of 2008, and we've started to see this markup, and we could be seeing a distribution cycle now. That all has not really been confirmed yet, but we are in that potential zone. Now, the weekly inefficiency or the fair value gap is still right here that hasn't been filled. We're not all the way there. We are in monthly supply, but the daily is still bullish.
Again, when we're looking at swing structure, we have our swing low that's down here and our swing high. Now, we've gotten a break of structure, so what do we expect? A pullback. Where do we expect that pullback to end? Going off the expectation of the daily chart, we're going to look for POIs in a discount. For me, the draw on liquidity and the clear demand is at the end of this fair value gap.
So what that would mean for markets denominated by the dollar, meaning that anything that ends in USD or USDT for people to trade crypto, is if this pushes down, your pair goes up. If this goes up, your pair goes down.
So, I see a potential, and this is another thing that's kind of conflicting the narrative of the indices starting to just blast to the downside. But, you know, let's look at the history. We also can see here that due to macroeconomic factors, there's no law, as with anything, that this has to pull into a premium or into a POI. Now, here we see it came down, filled a fair value gap.
You know, this to me, I look at fair value gaps more than demand. So to me, though, I mean, this is the only zone. So, I mean, I see a probability of price going down there. I'm interested to see what this new week brings. Let's see what news there was. And then actually after this, I'm going to go over the trade that could have been caught on SPX today. I want to see next week.
Okay, nothing on Monday. Tuesday, we've got a consumer confidence. That'll be fun. CPI. No, that's Austrian. I was like, wait, what? I was like, I know that's not US CPI. FOMC speaks. Is this Tuesday? No, Wednesday. Yeah, FOMC next Wednesday. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's going to be fun. Okay. I didn't know that was next week.
So that is going to be a very interesting day for all markets. They expect it as 2.5, so they're expecting a 75 BPS hike.
If we go over this number, if J-PAL comes out and says anything above that number, go ahead and buckle up for max pain across all markets. So that'll be interesting. And if history repeats itself, we'll probably find the dollar at a pivotal moment, as with most markets at the time of that announcement. And we'll see.
distribution or accumulation leading up to it based off of what smart money is anticipating so next week's going to be a fun one that always will induce a lot of manipulation so for instance like if
You know, the big dogs are expecting maybe a higher rate increase. They might push price up extremely hard in order to induce a bullish narrative among retail traders to then use them as liquidity to sell to. So that could get interesting. I wasn't aware that was next week. I knew it was.
Thought that it was. Oh, yeah, it is the end of July. I did. So I guess I was going to say I thought it was towards the end of the month, but that is the end of July. Yeah, that's going to be interesting. I'll just go ahead and go over the spy trade. And this is I have that video about this. It's the how to trade news. We've talked about it. I think we talked about the last stream yesterday. I'm pretty sure. So let me go to a different part. Not this one.
This is an old one that I had been so when we come into the morning
Let's just say you sit at your desk at 830. First thing you should do is identify where liquidity is residing on both sides of the range that we've created since midnight. So really, that's going to be this right here, all that. So just from a naked eye, we can say that we've got equal lows. Down here, these are all relatively equal. We can say that most retail traders probably had their stop losses here.
And we can also say that if we break above this level, there's going to be a lot of buying interest in the market. Now, whether that is to buy the breakout or to get stopped out on shorts, we know that there is a lot of buying liquidity there. So that's why we call it buy side liquidity. We also know that here, a lot of traders are going to be stopped out or liquidated of their longs.
So what we look for is an impulsive move. Also, again, we went over this in the video with high impact news. So help visualize this. And this happens all the time. Like I literally there's so much free game in that video. It's ridiculous. You can just trade indices and make a living just using that one model. So let's just say we have.
news, right? 9.45 AM. So let's just go ahead and put a line at 9.45 AM. So leading up to this or right after it, usually right at the time of it, we're going to look for an impulsive move in price that is removing one side of liquidity from the market. So that's 15 minutes after equity opening. Let's just see what happens. Okay. So after we see this, a big push above.
You know, what we're going to look for is we want a little bit. We're going to look for a reversal. Now, it's counterintuitive to what.
a lot of traders may look for it because a lot of people look at this as a breakout like oh we're breaking out you know we're going to the moon and sometimes that narrative is true but with indices at this time of day especially accompanied by news like this we're going to look for a reversal so what does that look like now this morning it was fickle because um i'm going to delete this line because you guys saw we've already used it served its purpose
So what we look for is a break of structure to the downside, can be internal, doesn't have to be. We look for that with displacement. Now, defined displacement, a fair value gap. So did we get that here? We did. Now let's look what happened to price after this. I think it was a two minute that it reacted to. Yeah, this was the one. I use the one minute, the two minute mainly for this. This feed, okay, this feed's weird. It did come into it on.
this one up here see it did come let me hide some of this i don't know what that feed was off but it did on es2 but we saw that push down
And then price came into that fair value gap. Now, we look for an entry here, or you can just set a limit at it. You know, depending on your strategy, maybe you use a lower time frame to confirm it. I've actually been experimenting with the 15 second to confirm these zones. And let me know that's just a change of character. And you can see in this example, we broke it and you look for, I would look for just the last range or the entire range or just market execute if you're using it for confirmation. But if you see, and this is.
Living evidence that markets are pushed by algorithms because I promise there's not some guy in the chair watching the 15 second. We see that price came up into this zone and then sold off from there after breaking structural downside. We're just using these strategies to view the inefficiency of supply and demand as it's happening. But how one would have traded this would have been to get into a trade at this fair value gap. Stops above the high.
First take profit would have been this area, but the better strategy is just to ride it throughout the day. Now, I know this is kind of different than most of the strategies we go over where we signal a trade. We have a very clear target. Now, you do have targets. I'm not saying you just don't target anything. You just blindly hold it, but you don't have to just take all profits in full here. Now, maybe you're happy with two to one. I personally am not. I would definitely trim there, but we're going to look at a four hour.
what areas of liquidity do we have we have this low we've got a four hour imbalance may manny uh my friend shouted this out to me earlier i didn't even see this but um
price could maybe come down to this zone. He definitely found that level. I'm not the one who found it, but could come all the way down there. Now that, you know, leaves you with much bigger risk reward. But that would be how you would have executed off of this trade model today. Now, I haven't seen if one occurred in the PM session, which we went over the last stream, how you can catch these in the PM session, which I would start that at 130.
Yeah, not really much action happened after that. And it is a Friday, so you'll see that. So what you would look for is a swing high or low being violated. I mean, I guess you could have probably gotten to a long here. Let's see, because you just look for any swing high or low to be ran with displacement, which we see right there. We have that swing low.
Right. And when I say swing, I'm not saying like swing structure. It's just the same logic as we're using for the institutional daily impulsive moves, which we have a candle with a higher low next to it, two higher lows after it. We ran that with displacement. You push into it so we could say it might be a liquidity rate. And then we would look for a break of structure to the upside with the fair value gap. Yep, it did happen. So here you would have had, that would have been kind of like your confirmation. Then you would look for a fair value gap. Did we get it? Yes, we did.
That would have been your trade for the PM session. And you could say, okay, long hair, this would have actually probably been better, much better. And where would you target? I mean, really with this, I wouldn't even have been greedy. I would have just targeted full the imbalance that began the stop raid. That's just me. Especially going into a Friday with everything and being kind of bearish, that's where I would have taken the trade off in full. I probably wouldn't have taken anything until then either.
That would have been a nice trade setup. Again, we found this the other day. Those of you that were watching the stream the other day, we literally went over this on SPY the day before that. I recommend using it on NASDAQ and SPY. I wouldn't use it on US 30 as much. US 30, I think, trades a little bit better with supply and demand. This is why I like trading indices. For those of you guys in crypto that wonder why I'm preaching indices, it's just, to me,
I can see much more institutional involvement. And I think that these are kind of leading the rest of the world's financial markets right now. That's just why I've seen more interest. And you don't even need to use supply and demand to trade this. Now, does it help? Yeah, it definitely helps whenever you're developing a bias. And I also think that it can confuse, though, I will say, if you try to mix two schools of thought without understanding them fully.
But, you know, let's look. So just like we were looking for a, you know, this, that liquidity raid setup, look what else we had over here.
Supply and demand trader probably had an entry like that. So one thing that I like to say is that there's no strategy that's right or wrong. There are just strategies that are profitable or not profitable. And oftentimes, if you're profitable, if you're trading the same asset, you're probably trading from the same levels with different strategies. So just because you're using two different strategies,
Doesn't necessarily mean one's right or wrong. It's just who's getting in at the right time and who's getting out at the right time. So, you know, we can see a supply and demand trader with no institutional logic or no liquidity. Saw a demand here. It traded probably a one minute or five minute reaction off that demand. Got in a trade.
Because the demand, we already drew a zone, so I'm going to draw it again. Okay, where did that change of character happen? Right here. Where was the order block right before it? Now, this was short-lived, but look at that. We're just using techniques to perceive price. There's not one right or wrong way. What really determines who makes money or not is people's mindset.
and people's confidence in whatever system they have. So that's one thing I do want to stress.
So that's, I know I said that like 20 minutes ago, but that's it for me. I hope that this helped you guys. If you guys have any questions, go ahead and run them in the Discord or in the comments, and I will get to them real quick. If not, I'm going to hop off here and enjoy my Friday night. And as much as I recommend you guys to do the same and not degen on charts all weekend, I promise you, even if you miss out on a move, there's going to be moves on Monday. I promise.
Holy shit, optimism is up 6.0. I forget, 6% optimism is like three candles. It ended up dead running this. That was in the Discord. No, we actually got stopped out on a trade on optimism whenever that news came out about Elon selling Tesla, and it did come up to our targets. This would have been a nice setup somewhere over here. Oh yeah, I appreciate you too. I don't know how to say you're hustler. I don't know what that, it's like a horse.
your your name the character the special character what's up arthur how you doing boss and also zp i got you on eos this coin man i used to like watch this coin a lot that shit where is it at yeah it's not surprising should have died bro it should have been in the ditches and it's like um it's showing some strength today right now though so from the top um weekly structure jesus christ
I would have said, okay, bullish, bullish, bearish, bearish, weekly structure is bearish. Let me just delete everything. So for me, weekly structure would, oopsies, wrong one. Weekly structure would be this right here.
The weekly showing me down here showed that we wanted to come up and fill this imbalance, which we almost already have. That would have been the draw on liquidity on a weekly level, which you want to be weary once we get up into that zone. So price pushed away after removing a lot of sell-side liquidity, and then now we're filling this imbalance. Also on the daily, now we know the weekly is bearish. I'm going to take the weekly structure with a grain of salt.
seeing as it's you know almost over the last year and it's shown not really much of a sign that we want to pull back you know the zone for me for a weekly change of character would be this high right here so we got above
What is this? $1.40. That would be where I'd possibly look for a weekly pullback to again, but that hasn't happened. The daily swing structure is also bearish, but much more condensed. Now we've pulled back into a premium, filled all these imbalances, cleared this high. Looks like we're probably going to come up to this area. I mean, it's not set in stone. You could see rejection.
We have this buy to sell range right here. This is a way we view supply and demand from a fractal perspective. It did pip through it. But if we go on a four hour, let's see what this is. Yeah, it's going to be a four hour supply zone. Order block. Now we wicked through it. So that tells me it wants something higher. I don't know if we'll get it, but this dollar 1.23 would be where I'd be like heavily looking to short.
Four-hour swing structure is obviously bullish, but that had to happen for the daily pullback to occur. That was our break of structure. Here was our old swing structure. Break of structure.
Swing structure, break a structure. So now, you know, from a four hour perspective, you know, here's our swing structure, but we are trading in the context of the daily timeframe. So we are prepared for this to break. We're not going to anticipate it to break, but we're not going to, me personally, I wouldn't like looked along off of this.
What I would look for here would be signs of reversal through a four-hour change of character, which is all the way down here. Kind of crazy far away. So maybe you could see price consolidate a little bit, come up, tap that, draw on liquidity, giving us a new low, the 210 take that low, give us supply, 15-minute break of structure, and so on. Just layer that through the time frames.
I wouldn't be looking to get long on this. If anything I'd be waiting for a short scenario to develop, but it's not there yet. If we do begin to turn around, daily liquidity would be this low right here for me. Probably even really this low.
If we start to shift, which it hasn't given us that signal yet, we'd need again. I'm not going to reiterate it. I know you guys have heard me say it a bunch of times.
From a four-hour perspective, you would expect price to come down and fill this imbalance, maybe into this demand zone and continue up. But in the context of daily, I would be looking for more reversal and the weekly because the weekly, we've filled this imbalance. You fill a weekly imbalance, I promise you, most of the time, you're going to see some form of resistance there. Now, again, it's an altcoin.
We're really just kind of waiting on to see what Bitcoin does. If Bitcoin pumps to the heavens, this is probably going with it. I don't know, actually. EOS is like a fucking weak-ass coin. I remember like, let's see, this last little bull run, it barely did shit. Not really a bull run, but it wasn't a bull run. It was actually a bear market rally, but it barely did.
But that would be the overall analysis on EOS, is to wait for a short to develop. If you're looking at it to day trade it, you could wait for... This looks pretty rough. What I would expect here, your 15-minute swing structure is right here. But since we didn't close above, I would consider all these lows weak.
I would probably look, oops, immediate bias would be to look for this zone right here. It's actually a pretty good looking zone under this low, right? Because we front ran a demand zone, left a little bit of inefficiency. So there's sell side liquidity in the form of stop losses resting under this low. We've obviously taken the buy side of this little range we're in. So now that we've fallen back into it,
I would look for, you know, we've had one deviation here. I would look for us to come down and have a deviation. Also got a demand zone there. Also got that drawn liquidity up above. And we did PIP above this zone. So that tells me that this is not going to be as, you know, the sellers here were not great enough to prevent that from happening. So immediate bias, if you're, you know, just trading EOS, I would say mindful of Bitcoin.
But if you see price come into this area and then give you reversal signals, you could maybe long targeting this buy side liquidity that front ran your weekly imbalance. And after that, I'd short. But me personally, I wouldn't even force this. That's just if you're looking at it from a day trading perspective. But if you're day trading, get the fuck off of EOS and trade something else.
OP. Yeah, I'll check optimism. We kind of just a little bit talked about it, but not really that much. It hit our targets. We wanted it to hit. Kind of sad. We got stopped out on that news of Tesla selling off Bitcoin. Not to blame it on that. Stop losses took a loss. A lot of that stuff's pre-priced in. It's whatever. But we did end up rating this buy side liquidity like I figured we would.
Haven't yet reached the refined zone. I think it was a one hour. We haven't yet reached that. There's no loss saying we will, but I don't know. I wouldn't be surprised if we did. Looks like price came down, filled an inefficiency here. And if we see, I mean, we definitely have seen a lower time frame change of character in here. We saw right here.
We broke that. We never really came back down at all. Actually, no, no, it was down lower right here. We did. So change of character was here because that was our most recent high after taking this low. So you broke above that, had a trade opportunity here, right? And that newly introduced demand zone. If you're trading the five minute, you could have just confirmed that fair value gap with this right here. That would have been your entry. Where would you be targeting? Really based off the five minute, these inefficiencies, but final target would be
Probably this, just because we're looking to trade with the 15-minute. I don't think that there's any law saying this has to get hit.
I wouldn't be surprised because if we're looking at a 15-minute swing structure, got a low right here, high up here, and price came down, formed a Judas swing right here, failed to take the high, so that creates weak lows. That liquidity gets ran. We come and fill the inefficiency and see bullish price action at lower time frames. Trading with the M15 swing structure, we'd probably assume for that to get taken. But I think the move was down here. I don't really think that it...
Um, where we're at now, personally, I wouldn't be chasing it again. Um, I don't, I'm not going to be, as soon as like five o'clock hits on a Friday, really earlier, a lot of the times I'm done for the weekend. Um, I think that it's, I know as soon as I started doing that, my personal, um,
my trading has gotten a lot better for me. So, you know, that may not be the same for everybody, but there was a time when I used to degen and just watch charts 24 seven all the time. And I do have my alert set for crypto because crypto will move on the weekends. So if I get an alert and, you know, setups there, I might take something on crypto, but I'm not like hounding the charts, like just like staring at them. I promise you when you're learning.
If you're just killing it and you're profitable as fuck and every day you're just making a ton of buku money by just watching the charts for 16 hours a day, keep doing. But I would probably assume that if that's what you're doing, you're not making a shitload of money the whole time.
You know, there is a level where you're just like kind of overdoing it. And I think that you push yourself away from forming good trading habits when you just, you know, are addicted to trading. But yeah, on that note, I'm going to end it. You guys have a great weekend. Tomorrow, we're going to have a class in the server. It'll be at 1 p.m. Eastern. So for those of you that are in the Discord, I will see you guys there. And for everybody else, I'll see you guys on Monday.
Enjoy your weekend. Be safe out there. And just as always, get at me if you have any questions. I appreciate all you. I'll see you.
