What's up? What's up? Oh, I need to move my mic. I had it up in the air. I had it moved so I could prop my feet up while I was studying some ICT last night. If it's quiet, please tell me let me know. Don't hesitate. It won't bother me. Good afternoon, Denise.
We just called this trade in Playbit on Bitcoin Shorts. Moved pretty nicely, hit one of our targets already. We de-risked, stopped some break-even. I'll go over this, and I'm going to go over two trades I took on the NASDAQ this morning. One of them resulted in a win, and one of them resulted in a loss. And we'll go over both of them, so that way everybody can learn from it. Give me one second. I'm typing something out.
So I'll start off with Bitcoin. So I said in chat, I don't know, it wasn't like an alert, but I said that I wouldn't really pay attention to crypto until one of two scenarios. And that was until it got under $17,593, which is the weekly draw on liquidity that we gave on Monday, or it came above these equal highs. Now, ideally, whenever we're looking at a bearish week,
we're going to look for a false swing early in the week. And that's on all assets. Crypto is a little fickle and finicky. And that's just, it's just different, right? Crypto is like the kind of like the ugly stepchild of trading at this point, in my opinion. That's why I try not to trade it until I get higher timeframe setups, because I don't think that it's worth trying to trade every day.
what i was looking at specifically um was these equal highs right here so uh the fomc little spike we had down here originally we wanted a power of three scenario we had accumulation manipulation and the distribution of orders but it didn't clear out the main high that we made in that previous range and then this uh the high we did make it just kind of made like an equal high so i think whenever you have that scenario
you're gonna see a lot of people try to short everybody is going to uh to try and look at this like oh resistance we're breaking down we're not going back above that bitcoin you know 20 000 is a wall so what that does is it induces a lot of uninformed money to become liquidity and order pairing for smart money so if smart money is looking to sell they're going to look to do it where they have buyers
Where are they going to have buyers? Above old highs, above equal highs. We already know smart money sold from this area once. Over here we have an order block.
And once price comes above these highs, we're reaching a liquidity pool where there's a ton of buying interest. That's why it's called buy side liquidity. So whenever we have that kind of scenario, we're going to see price usually react. Now, we don't just short above the highs. So after we clear those highs.
It's funny, I actually saw this last minute. We could have got a little bit of a better entry, to be quite honest. But after we come above these highs, we look for this. There's a lot of different terms for it. You could look at it as a three drive, sliding a little bit more. What I look at it as is an original consolidation, second consolidation, stop hunt, and then we get this impulsive break of structure. So now here is where you have that framework, right? Up until now, we...
only have a an idea if you will because we've came above the high we're at our area of interest now
A lot of people will FOMO in and they'll rationalize every little down move as signal to short. So they might short here. Guess what happens? They get stopped out. They might short here. Guess what happens? They get stopped out. Now, why do we wait till right here? So notice the difference here. The movement down here is very lackluster. Price is moving down, but there's no emphasis. You don't look at this and say, hey, a market maker caused this. You look at this and say, okay, that's a pretty big push.
Now, it's not as clean as a lot of stuff like indices will give you a little bit cleaner of price action. For instance, right here, we had a tiny gap and price came and almost took out this little high. So it's a little, again, it's crypto. You have to give it, take everything with a grain of salt. So now, whenever we look at the range we're in, so I use the one hour a lot because I day trade. So when I'm looking at the range that we're in, to me, it was
from this low up to the high we just made. Let me delete some of these boxes. I don't like having so much marking on my chart. So whenever we see price moving pulsively away from... God, who is texting me? Holy shit.
Whenever we see price move impulsively away from an area, we can look at that as an area of institutional sponsorship. So the key here is really identifying what the higher timeframes are drawing to and then looking at it in that context. Looks like we're about to get TP2.
But we're looking at price in the context that up until this point, it was drawing to these highs. The early week was drawing up to those highs. So after that, we meet that. We're going to look at this as our range on the one hour. So it looks like TP2 just hit. Let me send an alert to the group. Not everybody's in the stream.
Let's take 50% off of it here. Go ahead and alert this really quick. Nice trade.
Now, again, the reason I'm not really – I'll probably leave a runner if this full TP is hit just because the weekly draw for me is going to be these lows. And I think that we have to have that little impulsive move up before we have the move down. Early in the week, just like we look at the power of three whenever we're talking about intraday, where we see that move down or move up at midnight, and we oftentimes see an opposite move.
for the true move of the day just like that the same concept it's just accumulation manipulation distribution so if we're looking at our week we're going to see accumulation on monday manipulation tuesday and sometimes wednesday and then the true distribution down to where market makers are trying to push their books because when we look at this range we're at bearish range price is rebalanced to a premium so of course we don't know anything for certain but we can look at this as
Market makers are probably net short here. So if they're net short, where are they looking to push price to? They're going to push it down. So they're going to push it down under this area of sell-side liquidity so they can pair orders. They're going to end up dumping off shorts, and they're going to look to potentially build some longs around that area. We don't know that until it gets there, just like we didn't know that price was going to...
to react to this buy side liquidity until we got this. So again, whenever we're looking at potential liquidity rates, it's a very simple model. We just look for price to come up into our area of interest, and then we look for displacement to the downside. Now, I will say it's good to see, you know, we see the initial lick rate. Very rarely is it the, man, this shit's sliding. But very rarely is it the first candle, especially in these higher timeframes that you're just going to.
Hit it, and it's going to move down. No, smart money is going to manipulate price, and they're going to let people think that we're breaking out. Let people think that we're holding above a level. Because there's buying. Retail is buying, buying, buying. Now, guess what smart money is doing? They're covering their longs, and they're entering sales. Hold on one second. Yeah, everybody should have stops at entry at this point. No reason not to.
Beautiful trade. Now we got in right at the last second. And that's always fun to get a trade that moves this impulsively away from our entry. But that's pretty much it on Bitcoin. Now, do I think it has a good chance of going lower than this TP? I do. But I'm going to take most of my profits there just because I'm looking at the one hour. That's my main timeframe that I'm basing my ranges off of. So if I look at the one hour, we have price here. We have sell side liquidity.
So we can mark that up. I try not to mark stuff up too much unless I'm showing. But at this weekly open, we moved pretty aggressively away from around the week. Again, we're talking about that accumulation on Monday, manipulation up into where? Buy side liquidity. Then we look for distribution because our weekly draw is down here.
So whenever we have this kind of scenario, on the one hour for me, here's our sell side. Now here's our new buy side liquidity. I draw a fib so I can get my premium discount. And whenever I trade from an external liquidity point, I target internal liquidity. Where am I going to target internal liquidity? Close to equilibrium. So I use this imbalance fill right here on the one hour. 3R is a beautiful trade. You can always leave a runner.
Since the overall weekly bias is bearish, it's totally fine to leave a runner.
Also, I just asked other comments. Yeah, I appreciate you guys coming through. I do streams every day, Monday through Friday. I'm here every day. And I'm trying to keep it a more consistent time. It's going to be noon every day, but Friday. And then Friday is going to be 4 p.m. And those are both Eastern time, New York time. So I'll go to NQ and I'll recap this morning price action. So one win, one loss. The morning trade.
As you guys that are in the server know, we have a whole class on this exact model. We just did it this past weekend. But whenever I was looking at the NASDAQ this morning, and we'll just put a mark for 9.30 a.m. because that's when I look to start trading. I don't trade before it. I just don't even entertain it.
So, whenever we see the market move impulsively up in the morning, we see the open, market moves up. Guess what that's going to induce? That's going to induce people to want to buy because everybody looks at a pump on open as strength. Now, go back and test most of the time, not always, most of the time whenever we have a big pump like that on the open.
we're going to see a reversal, especially if that pump on the open is against your overall narrative for the higher timeframe. So again, just like Bitcoin, the weekly drawn liquidity is going to be down here at this low. So what does that mean? We're going to look to see the daily move to the upside the first two days, like it did, and manipulate traders. I guess where we went. I wanted to see this daily imbalance here.
But if we look at ES, it did hit the daily imbalance and reacted extremely rough from it and the previous daily high. So sometimes, you know, NQ is the smaller of the two indices, or well, there's three indices, but has less companies in it, I should say. So once we come up into, again, we're marking it at this range, right? Where do we move the last? We had this range here, bam. Now we move really impulsively from here and here. So that gives us a trading range.
If we're bearish, we look for price to come up into a premium, clean out internal liquidity, induce traders to buy before we go short. So we look at the morning and I'll just rewind this a little bit so you guys can have a view of what I saw when I come in the morning. Ignore these little boxes, but I see a lot of buy side liquidity above this high.
All right, that's our previous daily high. Always going to be liquidity above the previous daily high and below the previous daily low. So if I'm looking for price to travel up into a premium, I'm going to see where there are possibly institutional orders and where are retail traders looking to buy. So I see an imbalance here with a high above it. We also have a high here, a lot of liquidity there. Traders are going to look at that as breakout levels. So when we come into the morning,
What do we expect? We're going to see where both ends of liquidity are because eventually I want a price to push up. Now, let's say if we rated these lows first, that doesn't mean I wouldn't long up to where I want the market to reverse because I look at it like the market still has that internal liquidity in a premium. Market makers are going to go clean that up. They're going to fill all those orders and manipulate retail as much as possible. So we wait for the open. And as soon as we get the open, massive push up.
right right into the po i wanted and this is why it's important to build that narrative before the opening bell so when we look at the one minute because this is what i use for execution on indices so we see a push up small little consolidation stop hunt which can be our manipulation
Now, we only had one break of structure here that I would consider. You could look at this as a shift in structure too, massive displacement. Now, I wasn't going to take the trade if price didn't come up into this imbalance. I didn't catch the top because this happened very quickly. But when I'm looking at the one minute, I see a shifted market structure that is agreeing with the higher timeframe narrative where we're at the top of this range. We've taken out buy side liquidity where...
at an area where institutions likely have orders and that imbalance. Now, why these imbalances? Again, simple premium and discount. I think this actually was an optimal trade entry too. I didn't, yeah, it was. So actually right at optimal trade entry. I didn't even look at that to be honest, but that can also help. So.
Whenever I am coming into the market and I see that, I'm going to take a sell. Because this is indicating to me that smart money is selling to those buyers. There was indeed orders in this imbalance. So price came down, took the low with displacement. Now this is key. See how much of an animated move this is. It's undeniable. Imbalance, waited for it to come up to the midpoint of it, entered a sell. Now, why did I only target these lows?
Well, kind of asking myself that now because I could have held these shorts through the whole day, but it's all right. It's totally fine, right? It's not a problem to miss out. You can always learn from it. And the reason I targeted these lows was because I look at it like, okay, we haven't tapped the daily imbalance yet. This green box up here was a daily imbalance that I wanted us to tap.
Now, I look at this as a liquidity pool. There's going to be a lot of stops down here and a lot of people looking too short. Guess what's right under it? An imbalance. So I wait. That's going to be my target. Price hit it very quickly. Very satisfying trade. In and out. Two to one risk to reward. Got a little less than that because my market fill wasn't great. You can see how quickly price moved. But that's all right. So I saw price come into this liquidity pool, into the fair value gap. What did I see there?
Same little pattern, right? We had a breakdown of a low, quickly came up and took the high, left a fair value gap. So I look at that as an entry. I got in right here. And I wanted to target the daily imbalance because I wanted price to move up higher. Now, one thing that I did fail to realize was that ES, by that time,
had already tapped into its daily imbalance. So there wasn't much of a reason. NASDAQ doesn't have to do that. Just because one indice has an imbalance or a draw on liquidity, if the other indice has something similar and it meets it, sometimes that can draw the other one down. So whenever we go back to NQ...
And we look here. Now, this trade could have still been a profitable trade. And I always try to recap like a loss. You know, it can fuck your psychology up if you let it. It does me sometimes. Like, for instance, yesterday, I got stopped at break even on an ES long that ended up running to full TP. That shit made me, you know, highly upset where I wasn't a happy camper over it. But, you know, I went back, learned from it and moved on. So with this trade.
I look at it as it was a good trade, but the targeting was off. As with most of my trades that I take, they end up being break-evens or losses. My entries are usually good, but it's usually the targeting. But now I can see clearly what happened. What I should have targeted was when we look at this impulsive move right here. This was our one-minute range right here.
So I could have looked, you know, where are some targets at an optimal trade entry? Well, I could have been a little conservative and used the bottom of this one minute order block. That wouldn't have been the greatest risk to reward, right? But two to one, that would have been a good trade.
You know, looking back, okay, that makes sense. That could have been a full target because everybody thinks you got to hit 15R to make money. I'll tell you right now, when I passed my challenge to get funded with a 300K account, I was trading 2R every trade, right? Now, I do hit more on indices sometimes, but there's nothing wrong with consistently hitting 2R. Now, I look back, it was a counter trend trade. I was trying to, you know, take it to the daily draw on liquidity, what I thought it was.
but I kind of failed to evaluate ES. I failed to take profits how I should have and ended up being a loss. I didn't take any profits on it, didn't break even stops, ended up just being a one hour loss. So at this point, up to our lose one hour. So still up on the day, no big deal.
And, you know, that's also what it seems like for indices. Now, I think that NASDAQ is going to be drawn down to this weekly low, which is the one we talked about before, because the overall market structure is bearish. We look at the weekly range. We've got.
Price coming back into a premium, doing what? Clearing out equal highs, feeling an imbalance. It's the same thing, the same concepts we're using on those lower timeframes. We're going to use them on the higher timeframes because price is fractal. So if you can layer that and help it build your narrative, you're going to have a clear direction of where you're going. Somebody asked, yeah, somebody said, first of all, I'll get to most of these questions here in one second. The Fib settings, I have a couple different ones. So this one.
Is this right here? Just the 1, 5, and 0. Then for the OTE, which is I'm pretty sure probably the one you're asking about, it's the 7, 9, 7, 0, 5, and 6, 2. Somebody said, look at Bitcoin. I'm seeing my P&L. I have my phone open. That's my chart right now. I'm just kidding. That's a bad habit. That was a joke. Don't do that. Yeah. Very nice move, guys.
So I said, sir, do ICT kill zones work in crypto? Yeah, 100%. But here's my advice with crypto. Coming from somebody that started trading heavily crypto.
I highly advise that you don't place all your attention on crypto day trading. I think it's a huge waste of time. It's a waste of talent. And it will lengthen your learning curve because a lot of the stuff that works very well on more traditional assets, especially some of these smart money concepts or some of the advanced ICT stuff, it doesn't work as well in crypto.
Now, it will work and everybody has 20-20 in hindsight and can go back and find all the perfect entries. But I'm telling you from someone that I know I know what I'm doing and I'm least consistent on crypto. So I don't focus on crypto that much. Now, if you're looking at kill zones, go trade Forex, go trade indices. Don't focus all on crypto. I tell everybody this.
I promise you won't regret making a switch to focusing intraday on something else. Now, crypto, again, it gives good setups. But for me, it gives good setups whenever we have the higher time frame setups, a daily or a four hour. Build your trades around that. You really don't need less than a... I didn't use anything other than a 15 minute to execute this. Well, I mean, I use a daily chart and a 15 minute chart. That's literally it. And I found the best trades I hit on crypto lately are using a 15 minute, maybe a five minute chart.
You don't need to get the one minute entries and all that on a crypto. It's so frustrating because they're so fucking inconsistent. You get a lot, you get really high risk reward, but you know, I used to trade before I was funded. I traded a strategy where it was focused on high risk to reward and focusing on, you know, hold on one second.
Sorry, excuse me. I hope that wasn't too loud. But it was focusing on $15, $10. And we were hitting them. Hell, we called quite a few of them in chat. But whenever you're trading with a larger account, like a funded account, it doesn't make sense to me. It really doesn't. Because with that kind of strategy, for instance, you could have a 20% win rate. And if your average risk to reward is 10, you can make a lot of money.
That doesn't work as well for me on a funded account. For one, let's just say your system is a 20% win rate. That means you could take eight losses in a row without taking a win, which would mean you could come within two losses of losing your whole account if you're risking 1%. It doesn't make sense to me, right? It's stressful, especially with bigger numbers.
I promise you, if you take eight losses in a row, unless you're just like the god of psychology with trading, you're going to have some psychological barriers that you're going to hit. I don't care what anyone says. I really don't. I've been doing this quite a bit. And everybody likes to flex 25R and 100R because people that are new to trading, they ooh and aah over it.
It's honestly, in my opinion, great for very small accounts, or other than that, it's really just a pipe dream that a lot of these gurus will teach. Yeah, everybody's hyped in crypto chat. Let's get it. Yeah, I'm happy that that worked out so nice.
Yeah, we were actually talking shit. I was talking shit about crypto and like you guys can tell I'm not the biggest. I don't focus too much on crypto, but I was in crypto chat like, yeah, Bitcoin. And then I was like, we were talking about it. And I was like, oh shit. I looked at it. I was like, it looks like it's been a slide. It's like this because I didn't have an alert. I had these equal highs marked. And I was like, I'm not touching crypto till it come under 17.5 or we go above.
This 20K mark right here is like 20,100 something. And I looked and I was like, oh, wait, shit, it's there. And then I was like, wait. And you can see, like we'll go to the same one minute model that I used. Look how much clearer this is on indices. Very clear, right? Now, if you can conceptualize it and look for the same components on Bitcoin, you can see the same thing happen right here. But does that look as pretty to you? It doesn't. It does not. It is not clear. It comes up, almost stops you out.
It's just not as clean. It's just that simple. Somebody said, I have a problem with trade execution. Is it a psychological problem? Yeah, for sure. I think the only way to overcome it is you have to build a system. So for me, I only trade liquidity rates.
On Bitcoin, I only trade a four hour or daily liquidity rate and I use a 15 minute confirmation like this. And on indices, I trade 15 minute liquidity rates and I use one minute confirmations. I only trade between 9.30 a.m. and noon. And then I stop until 1.30 and I trade until 3. And on top of that, I risk half a percent of my account.
I won't put stops to break even on indices. I have a whole little rule set that I followed to where it's very dialed and I continuously refine that edge. So when you have an edge like that, it's very easy to analyze your trading. And if you go back and see, okay, you know, like for instance, I got stopped on a trade at break even on S&P to watch it fly to my full target.
Well, not the full target, the second target. So when that happens, I go back on my journal and I say, okay, five out of the last six trades that I got stopped to break even, they all went to a TP. So I say, okay, how do you fix that? And I refine my edge and I consistently, consistently do that. So to answer the question, you need to find an edge and you need to prove to yourself through data.
that it works. Because once you have that, you're able to, if you can be logical, and it's sometimes hard because trading can be very emotional. But if you can look at it and say, okay, I know that three out of five times I take this model, I win.
Well, if you lose two times, it's not going to hurt you as bad because you know that your next win's coming. Now, I think that time is very important because if you look for the same setup at 2 in the morning and 1 in the morning and 12, 30 at lunch, it might not be as consistent. And it takes some time. It takes work to...
to build a system like that. It's not necessarily very easy, but I promise you once you do that, it becomes much, much easier to execute relentlessly.
because you don't care to lose, because you know that at the end of the day, you're winning. You got to look at trading the same way that a casino looks at blackjack. And I don't mean gambling. Note that I said the way that the casino looks at it. When a blackjack dealer deals a hand, he deals every hand the exact same way, because they know the odds are they're going to make money. So if you know that the odds are your trading will make money, not over one trade, but after a series of trades,
then you won't have problem taking a loss because every trade is separate. And you continuously ball up all these trades into the end of the day or the end of the week or the month where you come out positive. You might go through losing streaks, right? But the death cycle of traders is when, let's say if you have a 50% win rate and you take one loss, then it scares you and you won't take the next trade that would have been your other 50%, your win.
So when that happens you just missed the win now you take another trade you take a loss Guess what after that you're scared to take the next win
Then after that you just get so frazzled that you start straying away from that strategy and now there is no plan and If you don't if you fail to plan then you plan to fail so that's the death cycle that new traders go through and People think that you know a lot of times some of the stuff that I say It's like an old man telling a kid to wear a helmet while they're skateboarding I'm not telling you it that for that reason I'm telling you because that's how you make money It's being like that
or you're going to be a boom and bust trader where you make a lot of money and then you lose it all. So he said, do I have any psychological recommendations with paper traded setups doing really well? Really refining a strat and studying relentlessly. Don't know to be glad or annoyed at myself on missed cash. Okay, fuck the missed cash, bro. The market's always going to be there. What you're doing is the right thing. Like you're building confidence in your system to where you can actually get that money. Because let's say you took these trades without
paper trading, odds are you probably wouldn't have held them to the TP. You may not have executed them the same way. There's a lot of stuff that's different whenever you come into the live market. TP hit, boom. That's what I'm fucking talking about. Leaving a small runner on it. Okay, one second, I got to alert. So, hell yeah. That shit was fucking clean. That's been the first that I've hit on Bitcoin like that in a little bit, so that was nice. Not a bad day.
Not a bad day at all. Also, I appreciate all the love, guys, in crypto chat. I haven't looked at all of them, but I have 15 notifications, so I know everybody's getting paid off this. Yeah, and for those that are watching, we gave... Here, I'll show you guys, because I know a lot of people that are on social media and shit are just bullshitting, but you can see we gave the trade right here. We got in right there.
I was at 11.27. You see the time, 11.15 it was. Let's see where he actually was right there, I think, in this candle. So little to no drawdown. Very efficient trade. We're leaving a small runner just because of the reasons I gave you guys earlier. And if you guys want, you can get a free trial just so you can see what we're about. All the stuff, the info's in the bio. So just hit that up. And if you get in here, just add me so I know you're from the stream. Yeah, no problem, guys. I appreciate you too.
And literally again, all I did here, the only thing I did, I waited for my narrative to play out. I said, there's going to be stops here.
Price got there. Now what? I watch for signs of reversal. What is that? Displacement and shifts in market structure. So if you notice, we actually rated liquidity not once, but not twice, or I'm sorry, not once here, not twice, but three times. So it's going to be a three drive. Now this pattern, ICT came up with it. Basically what it is, is if you see, let's just say you have your higher timeframe POI, which is going to be this line.
Now, this can be, you know, POI, a lot of people think it's just supply and demand. This can be, you know, an old high, equal highs, a breaker block, order block, mitigation, you name it. Whatever you have that is an area of interest where you have that framework. Because trades, you need to have a two-part process. You need to have your higher timeframe where you have your idea and your framework. It's building the narrative.
But that's not enough. Then you need the lower timeframes to give you your trigger or your execution. And as much as you can simplify those two things, it's going to help you even more. So oftentimes you'll see a three drive. This one, the first drive took it, but sometimes you'll see something like this. One move up to it, two move, three moves, and then displace and break a structure.
So when that occurs, we know that smart money is manipulating this price. So looking like price is moving up, it's showing strength. We're going to break out a resistance. And then what? Again, all those buyers that buy breakouts, they get absolutely decimated because smart money is using them as liquidity. Smart money is going to open huge positions. So they're going to need huge amounts of buyers. So they have to engineer those narratives to where people want to buy.
So people buy, smart money sells to them, and then the true move begins. So look out for three drives on the lower timeframes, on the higher timeframes too. For instance, look at Bitcoin daily. If you guys have been around for a while, you know we've talked about this for quite some time. Push up, one, two, three drive. Where was it at? Into equilibrium of the range and a fair value gap. This happens on everything from a one minute to a weekly chart.
Now, I think kind of what we talked about on the weekly bias stream is playing out. We said, I know I kind of gave two potential scenarios, but what I wanted was either the weekly low to be taken and have two bearish days and then a bullish day. But what we had, we had that weekly low taken, but then we saw a push up. This is where it was taken. It was way, way over here. This low got smacked on that. Not the one that just happened, but this right here. So then what happened?
price then moved away from it very quickly. This is an afternoon session yesterday. So whenever we have two buy days where we move above the weekly open, right? And then let me show this infographic to you guys. So this will be a better, a little bit better visual. So when we have this,
Daily candle formation. Now, this happens with the weekly. This happens with any timeframe. Literally everything has the same thing. So whenever we see this New York midnight opening price, this goes for the same as the weekly open. We're going to see an accumulation. And then whenever we see a push away from the opening price, if we see a push down into a price delivery array, which can be order block, breaker block, old low, equal lows, any against POI.
right? A lot of different terms, but any area where you start to build a framework, you see price move away. It manipulates traders into a false narrative and we see that shift. This is the same thing we were just talking about. Shift, leaving a fair value gap. Here's your best probability, right? Low risk trade because if you go lower, then you are wrong.
This often happens during the London session. If we're talking about the daily candle formation, or if we're talking about the weekly candle, you're going to see it happen on Tuesday during the London session. For indices, a lot of times it happens during New York on Tuesdays because they're more active. And then you see the true move of the week going towards your draw on liquidity. So for instance, with this example, we had the weekly open, a little choppy, but we moved above it two days in a row into what? Higher timeframe POI. And then boom, right off of it.
Now, NASDAQ, oh, it's getting close to these lows. This is where I think the NASDAQ draw on liquidity is still far down here. Now, I didn't hit the gap that I wanted it to. That's okay. ES and NASDAQ move very similarly. So if you see something happening on NASDAQ, you can kind of, you know, you don't want to just blindly enter a trade based off of that on, you know, the sister indices, but you can use that as your confluence. Somebody said,
Trey from Uganda we are on though. We missed that entry for Bitcoin now in the in the chat We hit it and play but we got on it. I didn't call it on the stream But this is where I call it right here shorting Bitcoin here levels posted Right up there
Somebody said, you're going to take my advice and look at indices. Can I please have a broker recommendation? If you're still trading, go do a FTMO trial, not the challenge. Go on ftmo.com, make an account and do the trial because it gives you, the reason I recommend that is for one, it's paper trading. For two, you get to have an idea of what a large account, how it feels. And then you can also use their account analyzer and it'll tell you a little bit more about.
you know, your daily loss, your daily win, all that good stuff. So I think that's the best method of paper trading. They only let you have one every 16 days, I think, but you can, you can make another email and, you know, there's ways around waiting 16 days or just stay on that one for 16 days, you know, but I'm saying if you hit a goal, I think, I can't remember if they cut it off or not, but yeah, beautiful morning, holding the runners on Bitcoin all the way down, probably towards this weekly low is where I'll hold them.
See, if you guys have any questions, see what DXY is doing, actually. If you guys have any questions, any coins, any assets at all, whether it's Forex, it could be fucking soybeans or orange juice features. If you have any TA you want me to do, I'm pretty much done with everything I wanted to go over today. So feel free to throw something out there. Don't be shy.
Holy shit, I'm glad I looked a little runner. Goddamn, that's crazy. I fucking love MetaTrader. XRP. I actually just got on an alert for XRP, I think, while we were on here. It's in the daily imbalance. This is what I thought it was drawing to this week, or not this week, this daily candle. I wanted to draw up here. So let me look at the weekly. Now, when we look at the weekly on XRP, I think I have a better chart. Oops.
there we go so when we're looking at the weekly chart on xrp this is an interesting one now i'm not gonna i'm gonna start off by saying i'm just calling this how i see it i'm not trying to be an xrp moon boy and i do think the economic situation of the world could affect this but when i look at the xrp weekly chart this is the impulse move i think we're still in and this is all the way back from whenever xrp ran at the end of the last bull run before everything died
On the weekly chart, that is the range we're in. So I look at the weekly institutional structure, not swing structure or market structure, but the weekly institutional structure where I see levels of institutional involvement. I see it as bullish still.
So the reason for that is just simply, here's our low and here's our high. And if you see, we pushed up above this high over here. Now, this over here is just madness. You know, you could say that this was still the institutional structure. And I mean, the TA wouldn't have been wrong. People would have said you're crazy. Let's just say, you know, you went from here to here. Let me redo it.
Okay, what did price do? It moved up. Then what? It moved back to a discount and did what? Cleaned out all the internal liquidity. Literally all of it. Everything down there. So then what? Price effort takes those lows. Smart Money steps in, buys those sell stops, and pushes price back up. Where? To a premium.
So over here, we're looking at, I'm not going to say it's going to be the same because we already did kind of, we pushed up, came to a discount or turned to a premium. So again, we're clearing out liquidity, right? Price came down. What did it tap into? The order block. And they recapitalized it on that second run, expansion, where to fill an imbalance. And where did price go? To equal loads.
What did price deal under equal lows? Seems like I wanted to accumulate orders. We had a displacement, so it could have been just pushing back up to this displacement. But when I look at this range, I see quite a bit of liquidity still at a premium that hasn't been swept up. We've got equal highs with an imbalance right above it. It was never mitigated.
So if I were looking to trade this, for one, right now, this weekly closure is going to tell us a lot. If this weekly candle engulfs all of this gap right here, and there's no fair value gap, I would say we're going to reach down for this low. Now, if it doesn't, and we leave a weekly fair value gap, I would look for price to trade early next week into the fair value gap, get that first two days of manipulation, and then I would look for higher. And I'm just calling it how I see it. And that's based off of the weekly chart.
We've also got an imbalance up there. Then we have a clean high here. If price comes down and doesn't, again, I'm saying if it does not fill this entire gap from the previous candles wick to this weekly candles wick, even if it comes down here,
right? We could see some consolidation in that fair value gap and watch the lower timeframes, which would be the daily and the four hours since we're using the weekly for signs of more upside. And what is that? It's going to be displaced when it breaks the structure, not just something like this on a daily timeframe where you get barely above the high. No, we need something like this, where it is undeniable that a larger force is at play. So if we get that, I would look to start building longs and I'd be targeting this high.
Now, of course, I would use the lower timeframes to do that. But, you know, that's kind of where we're at. Now, the daily, we're already in this imbalance, which I thought we were drawing to. So we have a daily order block as well down here inside of this weekly imbalance. So hopefully we leave some of that imbalance for the bulls. If we don't, I would probably start to look for sales targeting the lows. But I would let the weekly candle close before I would do much here. You're welcome. No problem.
Let me look at the chat. So you said, oh, everybody said Bitcoin pissing. Hell yeah, I appreciate you Anonymous and Joel. Casper, what do you think of Bitcoin right here? Like, do you think that we could do some potential relief on like the one hour, four hour kind of happening? I mean, look, so the four hour, I would look at it like this. I would have a much larger, well, actually, no. That's actually, so.
Again, the four hour would be the same range to do this. I would look at it like, I mean, if you're going to have relief, holy shit, it is moving. But I mean, I always look at the context of the higher timeframe. So what is the daily structure? The daily structure is bearish as can be, right? This is our daily institutional structure for me. We came right to a premium and reacted very impulsively. So we do have liquidity that is remaining up here. So if we start to see reversals down here,
you know potentially we might see some upside
right? It's very possible. But when I look at the weekly chart, because I'm going to go up and use the context of higher timeframes, I see us as we have returned to a premium and shown a pretty clear desire to want to go down. So where do I think we're drawing to? I think it's 17.5. So while we are still pretty far in a discount on the weekly range, that doesn't mean that we're not going to just keep going down because again, we've came up to a premium already. We gave the market makers opportunity.
to get in more sales and mitigate these fair value gaps. Price showed that there was institutional order flow remaining here, moved impulsively away. Daily chart, bearish. And whenever we're this bearish in the weekly, there's no law that says we have to go back up and fill this whole fair value gap or even get into it. We came to a premium, cleared out equal highs. And I mean, look at this daily candle. Again, with the overall weekly power of three, we see the weekly open, what did price do? It ran away from it.
what did it do showed everybody oh we're breaking out long right now this wouldn't theoretically be confirmed until we break structure down here you can really look at it here but if we take these loads of displacement then you might see some form of relief but again once we move past that weekly open and everything is you know
showing us we're drawing to sell side. I personally don't think I would be looking for buys at all. Now, I'm not saying they won't happen, but I would look at them from a more lower probability perspective. Also, Travor said, how can I join your Discord channel? If you look in the description on the video, there's a link and you can use my code to get a free five-day trial. And then you get a discount if you decide to stay.
But yeah, I think the buys are very low probability. I wouldn't try it. I mean, I don't want to tell you that and then it like, you know, that's just the way I would look at it.
The DXY looking like Bitcoin in 2020 again. I swear, DXY. Look at this. I post this on Twitter. This shit looks exactly... Like, tell me this doesn't look like the exact model I just told you guys to use for indices. Literally, free drive on the fucking yearly. Displacement break of structure. Fair value gap. Where is price going? I'd say right there. We talked about this a little bit yesterday on stream.
I mean, definitely these highs. This would be like if I was in a long on this, if I was just looking at this, so I saw this looks exactly how a one minute chart of indices would look when I'm about to long it. And I'd long it. This is exactly what it would look like. If I had more data, it might be higher. My full target would be up there. Now I'd be trimming because you can take the 705 of this whole range. And guess where that's at? It's up in this order block right above that imbalance. So, you know, TPs would be this, this.
And this would be trimming areas. And this is the dollar for those who don't know what this is. The more this goes up, the more pain you're going to see across anything that's denominated by the dollar. That can be euro dollar, pound dollar, Bitcoin against the dollar, indices, literal fucking orange juice futures, you name it. And yes, that's real. So you guys know. Orange juice is pumping, god damn. Sometimes I look at these just for fun. What's oil doing?
Oil coming back down. We went over this a little bit yesterday. I traded oil once and it went well. I don't know why, I just have this thing in my head where I don't want to trade oil. I think oil's next stop's gonna be that 61.82 mark. Probably much lower, but that would be the next stop. Because again, we look at it from, you know.
What is our structure? I'd say this is, I think this is on a monthly, I did this originally, right? We had structure here, bam, went bearish, price came down, took that, went bearish, then it went negative, but then we went bullish, right? So after we've taken all this external liquidity, equal highs, filled the fair value gap, what do we look for? A return to a discount of the range that sponsored that move. What do we look for in discount? Areas of liquidity. What do we got right here? Equal lows.
It's not as complicated as a lot of people think it is. It is when you're learning. I don't mean to say that and sound like arrogant or like a prick or anything because it is hard. It was hard as fuck for me to learn it. But I am saying that once you get it, you see it much more clearly. It's like ETH. ETH is so much farther away from the weekly lows. It's still green for the week, huh?
And this is the same thing with NASDAQ. I wanted ETH to go up into this imbalance, but there's nothing saying that it has to do that. So we look here on the four hour. I would look at this as the range, that high over there. I think it was FOMC high down. So we look, what did price do? It came up back to a premium, cleared out all the internal range liquidity, all these highs, came up into this liquidity void, filled it.
Moved away.
On that note, guys, somebody said, can I explain Bitcoin 15 minute? You chose 2204 break of structure instead of 287 as a break of structure. So in smart money, I think there's two different almost schools of thought. I think one is like the intro, which is more swing structure and things of that, which does work. But once you start to look a little deeper and start to look at it for more.
I don't know another word except advanced is the way I would look at it, but a little bit more under the hood. For me, I'm just looking at indications that smart money is selling to these buyers up here.
So all I need for me is a break of any low, right? And any candle that has one candle to the left that's higher and two candles to the right that's higher. That's the way I look at it. So anytime we, that's a shift in market structure for me. It might be, you know, some people call it microstructure, internal structure, whatever. It would be internal here. So we got that first change of character or that shift in market structure. Now just ticking that low wasn't enough. It had to leave a gap.
has to be that gap, because that shows me that there were strong enough orders here that price moved so expansively that only one side of liquidity was offered. So there's still orders within this gap. So when price returns to it, we see it move impulsively away from it. And this would have been the ideal entry. And sorry, we didn't get the ideal entry, but I didn't see it until over here. I drew entry was right at equity open.
But a lot of people, like for instance, the swing structure here, a lot of people would have maybe said it's all the way, I don't know. I mean, on the 15 minute, I would have said probably like right here, which the same candle broke that structure too. Now, if you use closures, I guess your swing structure wasn't, you know, still nothing had been broken, right? And your swing structure was something crazy, like all the way down here or something. But again, a lot of the times,
For instance, like this method got me in up here. Now, a lot of people that wait for confirmation, they're just going to look at this order block. There's nothing wrong with that. But I like getting in on the moves that create those supply and demand zones, not waiting for price to get back up to them. And there's nothing wrong with that. I used to trade heavily like that. But I think my advice to people that are trying to learn how to trade a little bit more.
Be a little more nimble, I guess, would be really start to understand displacement and try to think like a market maker. And don't think so robotic with introduction of supply and demand and a lot of the shit that these gurus are pushing. Because the reason they push it is it does work, but it's not as consistent. And I think that it develops a robotic thought process.
Break a structure, order box. And you should have a mechanical trading strategy, but you also should start to develop somewhat of an intuitive connection with what's going on in the market because that's how you build a true narrative. And once you do that, you're more convicted because you're not just a robot looking for order box. You're thinking, if I was a market maker and I'm looking to cover some shorts or generate liquidity where I can get short, how am I going to do it?
Well, I'm going to look at the areas where retail wants to buy. Where's that? It's double top breakout or resistance breakout. Every retail trader is looking to buy up here, right? So whenever there's a lot of buying, I look for signs that smart money is selling to them. What is my sign? That shift in market structure. That's it.
On that note, guys, I'm gonna hop off here. I really appreciate you all. And we'll be on here tomorrow again at noon every day, except Friday. We'll be on at 4 p.m. And those are both Eastern time. So if you got any questions, feel free, put them in the comments, message me on Discord, Twitter, all that's in the bio. And yeah, until tomorrow, I will see you guys later. Peace.
