What's good? I'll give everybody a second to get in here. Just to kind of paraphrase what we're going to be going over. I took a trade this morning on the S&P rip for not holding, but I've been trying out this 2R fixed. And then we're going to go over a loss that we took together on the NASDAQ. I have it grouped. I don't know why I had all that in that. Oh, yeah, never mind. That is right. I thought I had that disappearing.
So we'll go over the loss first.
So looking back, we'll just go from the top and I'll kind of just give the bias. So in the morning, we obviously had formed a swing high here on the one hour. And we talked about this in the private class on this past weekend about whenever we're talking about day trading, we're going to be treating the one hour in a sense as our daily chart. And of course, we still use our daily chart, but we're going to be also framing our general.
I guess navigation of the markets are in that one hour timeframe. So you formed that swing high in the morning and got a displacement break of structure. So after we get this kind of price action, we know at some point we're going to, let's say we were priced on this candle, maybe a little past it. No, it was right around there. So after we get that type of price action,
And we look for a retracement oftentimes. Now, I think I went to a 15 minute and there was an order block right here that I wanted us to push back up into and then it continued down. Now, the reason it was going to be a quick trade in and out was because we're in a premium of the one hour range and we are clearly drawing down lower.
Because remember, if we are in a premium on the one hour and we formed a swing high and got our market structure shift, that tells us the market has the desire to go lower. So where is it going to go lower? It could be this gap, but oftentimes we're going to look for it to come under a premium. But I wanted to catch, just like we use this market structure shift for entries on the lower timeframes, I wanted to catch the retrace into that order block and then we'd see the market move down.
Now we didn't get that. That was the overall idea.
And we had that liquidity rate, what was anticipated to be a rate of that low. And then got a market structure shift right here. So that gave the framework. I actually jumped on the two minute because I saw this tiny gap right here between these two, but I figured it'd be a little cleaner on the two minute. There was a pretty clean gap. So that was where I framed the entry around. We had, where's the play button for replay?
i think it's actually right here there we go i changed it so nice little um balance for a split second somebody somehow said they made money off this i don't more power wait what the hell god trading view is just cancerous nowadays i swear
Okay, there we go. We got entered in right there. Price moved up a little bit. It was just moving up into something in here and then kind of took us out pretty quickly. So I lost in the last, but part of the game. This was a paper trade up here. Ignore that. I just was kind of watching that. I did take a trade on ES this morning.
This was pretty simple. I just looked at the high right here getting rated right with that opening candle
So we had that high getting taken and then that displace and break a structure. Now, you know, you could have looked at this as that, but there wasn't really an entry there unless, I mean, for me, because I use fair value gaps, you know, you could have used this rejection block. I see it. But I waited for a second displace and break a structure and enter in that fair value gap and just fix 2R. Kind of crying because it would have been very nice move otherwise, but it's all right. I mean, 2R, the thing that's nice about it is you're in and out.
There's not much thought about it. And with the funded account, it's still a nice little gain. I just asked a question, how am I finding the 2R system? And also on my loss today, will I reduce risk or continue my current risk? I'm going to continue my current risk because I'm not in a drawdown. So if you're in a drawdown, like your account, that's whenever I think it's good to maybe decrease risk in half.
That way you are able to kind of bounce back and you're not going to spiral because when you get in that drawdown, psychological factors come into effect and you begin to start thinking a little differently. Not everybody and not everybody does that every time or not everybody's perfect is my point. So if you get into a drawdown on your account, I think it's a good idea to cut your risk in half.
I also took an ETH trade and go over this last night. Where was it? Was this an old one? Where's this? Yeah. So we took an ETH trade last night that got stopped as well. So I'm going to recap that. The bias for this was we took these highs right here. And also at this time, we had SMT divergence on Bitcoin in the lower timeframes. Go back and show you what I'm referring to. Too much stuff.
Where is it? Yeah, it's over here. So we had Bitcoin making a lower high with ETH making a... Where is it? All right, this is the... Oh, no, yeah, it's right here. ETH making a higher high with Bitcoin making... Hold on one second. This is looking weird.
No, it was this right here. I knew that wasn't. I was like, wait, it was way more clear than that. It was ETH making that higher high right there and then Bitcoin making that lower high. So I'm not going to lie. I haven't had the greatest experience with SMT divergence in crypto. It wasn't the only confluence, but that was something that did catch my eye. Seems like I see people use it, but for me, it's been pretty inconsistent. But the main...
bias or the I guess framework was we took the high so not looking at Bitcoin we had just taken that high and then got that five minute shift in structure and price was in a premium seems like the idea ended up playing out but price and this is with crypto I kind of was looking back and this is just
This is an example of when I taught, say, crypto doesn't really have the most efficient price action, for at least for how I trade, because it never came back down to a discount. We formed a clean low right there. So when we came up into this order block, it seems like that was the right idea, too. We had these equal highs, but again, price had not came into a discount.
So we came up into that order block and I was looking at this as a range that had a lot of untapped internal liquidity in the opposing market extreme. So oftentimes crypto will get these complex pullbacks where we'll come down and we might move up, come down, take out those early longs and then make a move. But the idea was right, but just the trade failed. I mean, this one, looking back on it, to be honest, I mean, I would take this again, but.
So I'm not really too, too upset with it. It seems like it came up on one of these highs right here. Cause there were these general, um, relatively equal highs that formed, but I kind of take stuff like that with a grain of salt with crypto, especially when it occurs with a liquidity raid, because I look at it as that the stops have already been taken, but it seems like it wanted higher. And that was, um, we got stop on it on that one. Cause if you look right after that, nice move down and then.
Still pretty dog shit PA, but because it came and took that high. But if you had a stop lots above the liquidity rate high, you'd have been good. So what's up, Adelike? Yeah, I haven't seen you in here in a minute. USD CAD long at the fair value gap. Give me a time frame. One hour ago? Or no, it's not really a gap there. There kind of is, but EU is clean as shit. I'm going to get EU in a second.
Took a peek at DXY. So we talked about this imbalance down here. This was in the daily chart. Tweeted about this last week. Came back down into it. Got that shift in market structure here. I will say it's not the cleanest, but it did. We did get that displacement break above a high. Didn't really move all the way back into a premium. So I am still looking at this as a potential draw. Price is kind of pulling back away from it, but I see buy side above this high.
And then we have a premium fair value gap here on the one hour. But we do have earnings reports all this week. I think Netflix and a couple of their big ones are today. So we could see some volatility as far as if earning reports come out much better than expected or anything that causes a shift to the upside in stocks. We could see a fall in DXY. But overall, I would still look for this high to get taken.
And that kind of goes hand-in-hand with what I want for indices because I could see a little bit of a move up here. But overall, I still want to get this down here. Again, with earnings, everything's a little bit fickle. But just like we have this range over here, we've moved up, kind of rated liquidity. Looks like we had a nice little three drive. Here, we just rated it once, pushed down. And then, I mean...
I would probably look for price to return to this fair value gap. Let me hide this. Kind of had been trading ES for a while. I'm leaning a little bit back towards NQ. Kind of switch between them, whichever one is moving clearer. I like this fair value gap right here. We came down, we filled that opening gap. Didn't necessarily come all the way back down to a discount. We didn't really tap into the body of this order block either.
So I still want to see more downside overall, but I could see a little push back up into this fair value gap. Not only much there on the lower timeframes, though, we'll say. That's overall what I would like to see. Now, if we could get some kind of consolidation, you know, maybe below this and then raid liquidity up into it right after 130 and then start to get that move down, that would ideally be the move I would like to play.
So we are in a bullish range, but I still see this imbalance down here as overall high value area for longs. Proof this. We'll recap those two real quick. What's today?
and again i didn't take this i don't want to act like i took a win i didn't take but um this was a pretty clean little trade one this was where two are really be nice for some i mean i can see where you would have wanted to take profit somewhere in here but had this nice little three drive coming after 830 so you pushed above that 830 open which was right here pushed above it kind of took this liquidity and then that nice little three drive market structure shift
Right there and left a tiny little fair value gap and you can see that very nice price delivery there right into it and then down back into a Discount of the move now another thing you can do with three drives is you can measure the Expansion up into the three drive and this can be a little tricky at times, but then you'd look for OTE of it And if you see
That's right what we got. So that can also be a helpful tool for taking profits. I just did a, well, I didn't, but I would have done a fixed 2R, just kind of pay for trading. And I was laughing because I was like, I'd be, this is a good example of when 2R can be your best friend because if you're not taking profits, use an OTE and you're just looking at this as,
which was right up here. You know, we're forming a swing high, you know, pre-market. Because pre-market's been really the wave lately, this last week or two. It seems like all the good entries have been pre-market as far as catching the big moves. But, you know, that's why I like the idea of just a fixed risk reward.
And it's different. Like I will say, you know, that can be different for growing a smaller account. But and like I've always had the mentality to try to like min max things. But I've learned after I got funded that if you do that, it just it really just especially with being funded, because there's some, you know, there's a lot of trades that like I've been in where there was some pretty decent numbers that got erased by just holding too long because I was like.
you got a hold of that tp and i was and that that is you should hold to your tp but my tps were always extended and you know overall it was still working right like i was still profitable but i would see you know a couple grand get erased in 15 minutes and that just you know i know myself that puts me in a really bad mood and then i won't lie to you and act like i'm just like perfectly you know everybody has errors most of the time are psychological i know myself and i will be
not in a good mood if I see that much money erased. And I've learned that about myself. Maybe that'll change. I try to work on it. But I also think it's really important to evolve with yourself. As far as your style and your strategy goes, you need to know what works best with you. And that's another thing we went over in the private class this past weekend is that not every style is going to fit you.
And I don't mean because your lifestyle or your time availability, but you as a person, your personality. Now, let me look at some of these questions. Okay, so EU is the first thing you said, Banch. Interesting, it took the London high, which would lead me to look at it as not the highest probability sell day. It's probably a nice opportunity off of that. I would have probably missed this one because it never moved back into a premium.
Yeah, I mean, I get that. And this is what we were talking about this yesterday in the stream, or I don't know if it was yesterday or when, but you can come back to these POIs that are sitting at equilibrium and it won't come into a premium. I personally like to just kind of pass on this. Like I would have had something like this, as far as the sell goes, I would have had something like waiting for that. And I would have been a miss or for me, which is okay.
This is a daily fair value gap for those that are wondering what it is. So now I look at this as we kind of came up and we've taken the buy side. We've taken that external liquidity from the range that we created. So now I'd look for a retrace down here to a discount. Now look at the 15 minutes and see if I see anything. I would, I mean, it's a little deeper discount.
But I think you could, if we start to shift down and hold it, I think you could see this 9.7725. It's that fair value gap on the one hour. LMs and thoughts on waves. I haven't looked at this one in a while. Yeah, it's pretty dead. It won't hold you. This is not where my interest would be. Now that I say that it'll run 300% in a week, but I mean.
The next area I would look at would be... Let me do this. I'm just going to mark it and then OB. Tap that. No. I would overall look for these lows right here just based off the weekly. Pretty gnarly one-hour range. I mean, yeah, the one-hour range you have is theoretically bullish.
But kind of ask yourself, you know, like why was why was that range created if you look at the daily? Yeah, exactly as I said, it's probably moving into a fair value gap It's moved pretty nice into that fair value gap rejected very roughly off of it This is actually not the worst PA to be honest with you, especially since waves is kind of like a
Total shitcoin at this point. I think the real shift in structure was there as far as displacement goes. It's actually really clean. I won't even lie. You'll probably refine this in a 15 minute a little bit. I mean, I would have probably just left it down here. Had to frame an entry around that. You could have waited for the five minute to give a shift, which occurred over here. And over here, really. You would have got to kind of stop on it on that.
I think the lower the timeframes you go with some of these shit coins, the lower your probability also gets. But let's say, you know, we kind of showed that shift. So now price has traveled back up. It looks like this order block was the zone that we really wanted. And then now price has pushed down, giving us that second leg of distribution. So, you know, you might draw back up into something in this region.
I like that right there. And that would be kind of your, you know, that would be the next ideal sell area, in my opinion. I mean, this is kind of counterintuitive to the one hour chart. But I think that will draw into that weekly order block.
I mean, to be fair that you have came into a premium. I mean, it's probably one I would sit out. I'll actually kind of watch this because I'm interested to see how it plays out. So you came into a premium or a discount right here. This massive fair value gap probably can be refined. The first fair value gap I see in a discount that we just tapped into. So, you know, just looking at the one hour range, you know, we are...
we've came down here and taken some of this internal liquidity but when i look at this range also i mean it's really not hard to tell where's everybody's stop loss and when it's that clean you know even if we don't take the other obvious stop loss that's front running the weekly level then still would at least like something down here to get ran if not all of it
So we've missed the trade on USD CAD. Yeah. Give me a, give me a timeframe, brother. I don't, I don't know. Cause when you, all I got was USD CAD long at fair value gap. I'm not sure if you mean like if you longed it before or if you're going to long it sooner or anything. Can we discuss sushi? Yeah, sure. Give me a timeframe on USD CAD. I don't like you. I'll go over it. This sounded like too bad.
Wasn't there some like fucked up news about sushi recently? Yeah, this doesn't look bad to be honest. She came out of that order block pretty nicely. And I would say that the weekly looks like it wants $2.15. This is actually super clean. What I would do if I was looking to get involved in this though, I'm going to draw that range on the daily, just this impulse swing, which is most likely going to be our one hour range. It is. And I would look
It might not give you this, but I would look for something in a discount under these lows. And I'll actually set an alarm for this one too. I'm trying to give you guys more crypto trades. I would wait. I mean, you very well might not get this, but I would wait for something in there under those lows. You could even refine this down to here.
And I'm basing that off the daily and weekly chart because the weekly, just kind of paraphrase why I like this. I forget sometimes I'm just like, oh, this looks good and I don't explain it. But we came to this weekly fair value gap. We had created this range here.
We took the external liquidity. So now we would look for a reversion to internal liquidity near a premium. I'm not going to go all the way up here with it, but when we look for that, when we get a market structure shift, which we got right here, nice displacement.
I'll say this isn't really, but this nice big handle right there. We had this order block and then now, you know, we definitely have got some displacement. On the weekly, it's a little wiki. There's not many fair value gaps, but you can see how we kind of came back down, consolidated for over a month in this fair value or this order block. And now the daily has really started to show signs to go that it wants to go up. On the first like Pico entry, I've been somewhere down here in this fair value gap, or even I guess in this area.
because you could have looked at that as confirming that weekly order block and just waited for price to come into a premium. It came into a premium, went a little deep, but then a nice big push. So overall, I would like to see a move, and you might not get this because there's a lot of liquidity it's drawing towards right now, above really all these highs. Let's do this.
I would probably put it right here. Or you could even just go for the low hanging fruit as your draw as these equal highs. And so ideally, I would like to see a push into this fair value gap, then go take that buy side liquidity.
But now let's say you take the buy side first, then I would probably look for a retracement, depending on how big of a move you make, just into a discount of whatever impulse move yielded that. Now if we just mosey on up there and kind of do this number, take it, then I would look at that as that external liquidity being taken, and then I would look for probably this low, maybe because that would extend this range up a little bit to where, let's say we move up, I don't know, something like this, that would put that low in a discount.
That's more or lots of prediction, but kind of just giving you the, yeah, game plan. Those equal highs. So yeah, I'm not sure if you were in here on the, maybe that was, oh, this is like 15 minutes ago. So I've probably already answered that about the equal highs. With crypto, I kind of take a grain of salt. If it just rated liquidity, you know, usually I'm going to execute, but that one ended up going and taking them.
How do you mark a range? So let's just say you have a bunch of price action where you're just kind of moving around. And you know, then you have this. And we'll do this to kind of make it even clearer. So like leading up into this. Wait, forgive me, it's going to be a little ugly. But so we'll say that, you know, we kind of had this move. Let's make this clear.
So when you look at this chart, this little example, the way I would look at it is, you know, what two points did we move the most abruptly away from? You know, what gave the big impulse moves, right? I would say this is it right there.
So let's just say you're up here in a range and you form that swing high and get a market structure shift. That's telling you that price wants to come back down. Now, the probability is raised if you've taken the external liquidity, like see how we came up and we made a high and then took it. So that was the external liquidity. It took that. Now you would look for it to come back down to a discount. Now, maybe there's a fair value gap right here that you would look for it to draw to. And then after it comes there,
you would shift into your low timeframes, start to look for those market structure shifts telling us we're going up and seeking out the buy side liquidity of the range. Now, you might, you know, the more liquidity you have still in a discount, the less probable that you're just going to, you know, rage all the way up to these highs. You know, something can happen like this where you come up and let's say maybe there's a massive fair value gap right here and price does this, bam.
Then you've got lows here, and let's just say you have some kind of gap down here. Well, price might come down for all that and then move up. So the less internal liquidity you have in a range, the more likely that you are to seek out external liquidity from your entry. The more internal liquidity you have down below you, the less likely you are to go for the high. Link.
Still no desire to go up, but I mean, as far as the week, you're in a short, so you're kind of the one hour. I won't go into like a full analysis. We've went over link quite a bit lately, but it's got a pretty wide range here. I mean, to be fair, like.
You know, if you look at this as your old range, which I think that's pretty clear, you know, that didn't get violated until this huge move. So we would, you know, almost look at this as one big range. As far as, you know, this is a pretty wide one. But you came back up into this premium, you didn't really take out too, too much as far as internal liquidity goes.
I think you still have reason to come up more and you're kind of engineering that area of shorts right there. But I mean, if we're going to do it on a more aggressive, this is a tricky one. So you could also say, you know, that that wasn't all a range. You know, this was your range, kind of formed a new one here, broke that, came up here, came down here, and then kind of moved around like that.
I would actually, I would just go with this. If I was in a short here, I'm not sure what your entry was. It doesn't say. I would be at least taking some off and de-risking for sure.
Just because you know, it definitely you know, it's show desire to go down lower here with this shift It came to that fair value gap right and it's coming down I mean, I would maybe take some off. I think overall it's probably gonna draw down to there You've got this nice fat imbalance right there Could go lower. I mean who knows it could just go away to blow the range whatever But I think that that the immediate draw would be kind of down here
But I mean, you probably still see some more downside. GJ, good old GBP, JPY. Haven't looked at this chart in weeks. Maybe I have for you guys, but I haven't looked at it in a while. Finally broke out of this range. Unplayed chart almost tells me you went all the way up here, and that's kind of crazy, but you have a breaker right there as well. And this fair value gap, I mean, you could...
low-hanging fruit would be up here as far as the monthly chart. I mean, that's still a pretty crazy distance away, but just looking at the weekly, that's, or the monthly, that's kind of what I see. That massive dump with the pound took this sell side here. I will say, though, it left a lot of equal lows down here. I mean, that could be preserved until later, you know, because we could end up, yeah, I can look at oil since I got you. Yeah, so, I mean,
Definitely got a lot of equal lows down here. So that, again, I would actually probably just pop it right there to be safe. So that's probably going to be preserved for later at some other time. Maybe not anytime soon. This week's closure will tell us a lot. Now, for instance, if we just get above this, we just took this weekly buy side. And now if we start to shift under that and form like a daily swing high.
I mean, I would almost potentially look for that before going up to that monthly area. But like low hanging fruit there would be, you'd look at it if we start to shift down, which it seems like no shorts on anything against the yen ever really lasts. But the low hanging fruit would be just to mark up this impulse move we made here. And then you've got a clean low that never mitigated this fair value gap fully. So you could also go down to the one hour.
Really nothing too clean there except this low so you could still focus on that a daily imbalance if we start to Form that swing high on the daily. I mean you kind of could look at this as a shift I guess it's not really the these two candles are kind of nice displacement But the way we react with the low originally didn't really leave a fair value gap. It's not the cleanest in my opinion Overall, it does look like it wants to begin to draw down. I come stop out these traders right here
But again, it's not a cleanest. It's not something I would probably be involved in. I'd wait for a little bit more clear price action. When crypto pump? 2025. No, I'm just kidding. I mean, I don't know what you define as a pump, like a bull run, I don't think, until 2024, though. But I think we could have bear rallies very soon. And you're welcome, Gerardo, no problem. Let's look at oil for you, Sensei.
So fair value gap fail. We talked about this yesterday. Like we said, there wasn't really an opportunity until we got a shift to the upside, which we didn't. This is actually a setup. I was talking about this in stock chat earlier. When you fail under these fair value gaps and because we have that inefficiency where only one side of liquidity has been offered. But once we push through, we kind of have offered one side.
And then once we come back up into the fair value gap, there oftentimes is a sell opportunity. I was noticing this on low timeframes with indices. Now, this might be playing out what I was wanting to happen for a while, which was on the weekly, we have these massive equal lows right here. So you very well could be kind of pushing, but I know that's a crazy range. I let it drip from zero basically, but it goes on a monthly. That's what I did. Yeah.
Nice equal lows there. A lot of stuff going on in the world right now too. So oil's gonna be pretty crazy. As far as the weekly, it's not the cleanest, but if we look at the impulse range, you could look at this, meet clear on the daily. And we came right up into that order block and showed pretty clean desire to go away from it. And we're in a bearish range. You can clean out all that internal liquidity. So really the last point that I would look for along would be where we're at on this order block.
I'm just going to like a one-hour chart. There's a nice gap right here that you'll probably pull into once you get this close. This would be your lower risk area to look for long just because it's very close to invalidation. You're inside that order block. The gap gets filled and you start to see a one-hour shift to the upside. You could look to long maybe to retrace some of this impulse move if it hasn't been already filled. But I would wait either for oil to come up into this area.
right there. Now, if it comes up there before tapping into this, depending on the price action, let's just say it goes straight there right now, that would be a good framework for a sell. And you could wait for your lower timeframes to give you entry. Or if you do something like this,
and then pop up like that, I would just look to try to long up into that. So it really kind of depends what happens first. Now, if you form some structure here, manipulate traders into going long and stop them out, and we see smart money buy up those stops inside this gap with old orders, and you get that market structure shift, that's where you'd look to frame longs around. Otherwise, you'd want to wait till the shorts. Euro, Frank, I haven't ever even traded this pair, to be honest.
You took this monthly low over here. A lot of liquidity got absorbed right there. If you could get a nice push on a weekly candle with a fair value gap above that, I mean, that would be pretty bullish as far as, you know, I would probably look for something in this fair value gap. And then again, because it looks like we formed this new range here on the monthly chart.
So oftentimes what will happen is we'll get this little push, go to a fair value gap, then you take that external liquidity, and then you wait to see signs for something to actually make a move to the upside. Now, I will say with the current state of the world, I'm not looking for a Euro bull run, but I would, as far as a macro perspective, if we get that weekly market structure shift there, I would say the monthly wants to pull back.
Overall, I think this is your draw. Whether or not you're going to get that displacement break, you need to have a bullish case, but I do think that's what you're drawing towards this week. Probably will get taken this week. If not, I would look for it to get taken next week. Now, on the daily chart, after that gets taken, you'd probably see some form of retracement. We're kind of anticipating here, but you got that fair value gap. I think overall draw on liquidity right now is this high.
potential other areas. If we come back down into this area, you might be able to see some buys. Overall, I would say you're drawing towards that high. But after this range is broken, it is useless? I mean, no, not necessarily. It depends. Like I was saying, if you have something like, let's say you have your range. Let me draw this again. I'll give you this. So like for instance,
Before this break happened, let's do like this. Before that break happened right there, you would have said that this was your range. And then theoretically, you could look at that as it being broken, and it might have been, but if price quickly falls back into the range, what I do is I extend this, because this isn't a new range to me, that little leg in price, so I'd extend this. And I'd look at that as that initial external liquidity sweep, and then I would look for it to revert back to a discount.
So now if price went, you know, to the freaking moon or something, then yeah, I mean, I'd say, okay, well, I'm going to take a look at the higher timeframes and see, you know, what that tells you is that there's something bigger going on and there's a reason it's not coming back down to a discount. And there's a higher timeframe narrative of play. Spy, yeah, I'm going to use the ES chart just because. Same thing. Oh, for a second, I forgot I was on a daily. I was like, what the fuck? I thought I was on like a lower timeframe.
So nice push up. This is kind of the imbalance where NQ, we wanted it to move towards. So overall, nice push there. Let's see on like a one hour, what it looks like. Again, oh yeah, I'll show you. I remember why that was marked. But overall, I think we could definitely draw back up into this before more sales. And again, it's the same model we use on the lower timeframes. You get that market structure shift.
And then price comes down, it comes into a gap. So we've hit one area liquidity where our price is going to bounce from one area liquidity to another. And if we get a market structure shift, you know, we'd look to build cells in the displacement fair value gap. So if we come up in there and then you could go down to your five minute, your one minute, whatever you use, I would probably recommend a five minute to confirm a one hour and you could look for sales. But whenever we're talking about establishing, drawing liquidity on a more, a little bit, being a little bit more agile with it and nimble.
and active to do it on a one-hour chart, we can say, okay, well, we came up here and the overall draw we're looking for is going to be down here. But on a more immediate bias, and since price is fractal, we can view price from any timeframe and kind of witness what's going on. Once you get the hang of it, you can look at this one hour and say, okay, well, I think the overall draw is here. Does that mean we're going to have a straight just down move to it? No. How did I confirm that? We got to mark a structure shift. So what is this range right here?
That lagging price that caused a market structure shift is going to be a five minute range or maybe even a 15 minute range.
So then you look, just like we're talking about, you know, draw on liquidity. We can go up here and say, you know, here's our impulse move. What I would look at and say, okay, well, I'm looking for price to pull back up into a premium of this before selling off, right? It might not make it as fair value gap. It could just bounce off this little buy to sell range. I mean, I would look for the fair value gap on the one hour because that's my strategy. But again, it's like price comes down, right? Came and took any liquidity, kind of made a low there, took it.
now it's going to revert back to a premium so it's the same ideology just on multiple different time frames and you can view what's going on you know i can i can look at this and and it's it's it's really simplified the way it's taught so for instance like when we see a market structure shift to tell us that let's just say should have started from the top
So let's just say that, and bear with me, my drawing skills. Let's just say there's a fair value gap, I don't know, right here.
to keep it simple um you know and this is the one hour chart we're looking at we're imagining well this market structure shift that is indicating us or to us on the one hour that we want to go higher is indeed a five minute range this is a whole range just like you're looking at this on a five minute you know this on a one hour is going to be something like this or i'm sorry on a five minute you know it's going to look something like this
So when you look at this and you'd say, okay, where's your range here? Okay. So just like we're looking to come back down to a, you know, let's say you get that shift and you look for the discount, fair value gap. We'll say we have a fair value gap here and we'll say we have a fair value gap here. We know we want to look for the discount one. Now, why is that? It's the same reason whenever we're looking at a range here that we want premium. Well, if we're looking at this five minute range, we don't want this fair value gap. You know, we want this fair value gap.
You see what I mean? So the ideology of a range is just that the algorithm is driving price to areas of institutional order flow at a market extreme relative to the current range. And this is kind of more of an in-depth look at...
I'm trying to think of the way to say this. I hope this makes sense. I don't want me to toot my own horn, but I'm glad that you asked. I don't know how I even got on this tangent, but this is a really good example of fractal price and price delivery relative to the ranges. I just saw this question about GJ. I'm actually going to keep this. I might make an infographic out of this.
That's pretty I'm not too shabby BJ last month with bullish order block. You know, it's funny. You asked that We're not on this one
I would say, you know, the last one's already really been capitalized. It was this one. But I mean, you know, when you're looking at, you know, theoretically, I mean, we've traded through this down candle. It's the I wouldn't really look at this, though, just because this nasty candle. You know, some would maybe consider that. I would just consider this right here.
I mean, technically speaking, it would probably be this candle or this candle though. This is one where it's kind of like...
It's kind of odd. Cheddar cheese. How do I calculate my stop loss to be like 1% of your port if that's all you want to risk? KuCoin says like the amount you'll lose when you put 1% loss, but MT5 doesn't do that. Do you have to calculate it? Yeah, I do. So for instance, I mainly trade indices. So let's just say on this trade, that's a good example. So I'm going to look at this, $8.50. So for my broker, and this is assuming
you have a contract size of one because I'm on my Forex funds and the contract size is one. Now it might be different if you're on FTMO, I think it's 10, but just assuming a contract size of one, when I open a one lot, that means I'm opening one unit of this asset. So if the one, you know, I own one of these, if it moves $8.50, then I'm going to lose $8.50. So for every one lot,
I'm risking $8.50. So let's just say you wanted to risk 850 bucks. You'd risk 100 baht. Make sense? Hopefully. Zero said, you saw people are using a range even after it breaks. I mean, there's a lot of different ways you can use them. You can use range deviation. Like let's say you have kind of consolidation range and you say, okay, well,
People will play these trades a lot, which is similar to what we're just going over, just a different way of saying it. But you'll have this, and then you'll see that range deviation down. I've seen people do that a lot. There's power of three. I'm not sure. I can't really speak for what other people, their logic behind it. What I've gone over is just the way I would look at it. Can I check XMR? Yeah, sure.
I haven't looked since it took, I actually played out, eh, kind of nice. I had this PO3 marked. This was a while ago. My target was too extended. Should have just been down there. It just played out pretty nicely. One of those equal lows, distributed above these equal highs. Not too much on the monthly here. Quick in this example.
So decent move off this order block so far came under these equal lows, but no sign really to me. I guess not really like an entry type confirmation on the weekly, but when you look at the weekly range that, you know, we've pushed us into this low, we already came into a premium of that, the weekly impulse move. Now, I know the weekly range, you could look at it in a broader sense, be clear on the daily here.
And see how easy it is. Once you look at it like that, you look at impulse and kind of figure out where the meat is on the bone, so to speak. I can look at that and I can tell you that's going to be a daily range. We go to the daily, it's a daily range. So again, talking about ranges. Remember we have a bearish range here.
So whenever we have liquidity in a premium of a bearish range, we look for all that internal liquidity gets swept up. Now, it looks like not every last bit did. So theoretically, we could say, okay, well, price is going to come back up to this high. There's a high possibility. We could also say, oh, it reacted here. It showed signs that it wanted to go lower.
Then we kind of had price pull back up into this order block right here or rejection block. I'd call that an order block. Maybe I'm wrong, to be honest. That's one I'm not clear on because it has a large wick and it was kind of rejecting off of probably some kind of lower time frame imbalance.
There are calculators, Vance. I should have said that. I just don't. I think that it's like when you're day trading, like trying to use a calculator, I think you need to learn how to do it on your own. I actually have a whole video. If you go to my channel, how to size positions to maximize profits, Cheddar Cheese. I should have recommended that, but that will teach you how to do it in your head with crypto leverage trading. I don't think that calculators are good to start, but I just...
Like I know that when I'm, and I'm day trading, I don't want to sit there and go on another window. And, you know, a lot of times with the entry models I use, I can't even, I barely even get in the trade because it's, you know, kind of like trying to wait to that last second of confirmation. But, but yes, there are calculators, but I'm here. I would look at this kind of like as a second leg of distribution. So price, we have this price came up of these equal highs. It's not really showing a strong desire to go down yet. Almost like it wants higher here.
Let's get some buy side there. Kind of interesting. I'm going to jump down to a one hour to kind of tell more about this. I actually like that a lot. I'm going to set an alert for this too. Hopefully I see it. I literally, I don't know. My trading the alerts, like either I'm just like terrible at noticing them or.
I think what the problem is I have them on for a rate indicator. I need to turn them all off because that rate indicator isn't really helping too much. I don't think I've used it in weeks. I just get alerts. So my brain's kind of just filtering everything out. But I would look for, if we get it back above that high there, that would be a very nice sell opportunity. If we start, you know, get above that and watch the five minute or even a 15 minute to start shift structure down. Because to me, yes, there's that up there, but I see this as, you know,
a nice prime market maker sell model in like a four hour. And this consolidation, a second consolidation, then you get that smart money reversal, second leg of distribution. Up in this area is gonna be, and it's probably right around optimal trade entry too. Yeah, I really like this actually. I'm gonna add this to my watch list. It's kind of counterintuitive to what the rest of crypto is doing, but XRP, or not XRP, sorry, XMR usually is. Yeah, I like this idea.
This is actually really nice. So I'm going to keep an eye on that for price to come up into optimal trade entry into that one hour fair value gap and raid these highs. And then if I get, you know, 15 minute or a five minute, this place will break a structure. I'd probably look to enter some swing sales.
and like your main targets would be like under this area down here in this imbalance and you could target lower but again just i'm all about low hanging fruit uh dealing range and that could be a term that turns thrown around a little bit there's central bank dealing range which is a certain time before midnight it's funny you said something that i'm actually going to be teaching a class on that i'm pretty soon and play bit but um i'm basically
There's also the time that, you know, this impulse move is a dealing range. Again, in smart money, a lot of times it's kind of get thrown around and it confuses people, but I try to keep them as consistent as possible. To me, what I'm talking about impulse range would maybe be what you're referring to. Also, Trek steady. I just saw, he's not even in here anymore. And silent crypto is just crypto. It's lagging along. Take a look at Bitcoin, then I'm going to hop off.
I think overall it wants this imbalance. We've been saying that for, what, a month now? Maybe we might get what I wanted with this one-hour range here. Seems like that's definitely kind of making a push to the downside here. It doesn't look bad, to be honest.
Earnings of this afternoon as well. The answer to these questions before I get off here. What do I think should be the minimum number of trades in backtesting? 30 trades. So 30 trades will have around the same results as 1,000 statistically.
In what time do kill zones occur in the crypto markets? Same as they do everywhere else. You can get an indicator that'll help you with that. The main kill zones that I focus on, let me see the favorites.
I thought I had one. You could probably type in ICT kill zones and find an indicator, but the ones that I focus on are going to be 2 a.m. to 5 a.m. Eastern time. That's the London open kill zone. And 7 a.m. to 9 a.m. New York time, which is Eastern time. I don't know why I said it twice. Everything I'm saying is in Eastern time. 7 a.m. to 9 a.m., that's the New York kill zone. And then you have 10 a.m. Some people say 10 to noon for the London close. I prefer going by 10 to 11.
a.m. for the London close, that's really where I focus on. I've seen people talk about the New York close kill zone. I know ICT has gone to a bunch of different stuff, but in my opinion, that's where the value lies, in my opinion. Well, I appreciate you guys.
I will see you all tomorrow at noon. If you have any questions, at me on Twitter, message me, whatever you want to do. If you could, like and subscribe and comment to this video. It helps me out a lot. And then if you want to start a free trial to the Discord, there is a link in my description that you can use the code CASPER and you'll get a five-day free trial. So until tomorrow, I will see you guys later. Peace.
