Yeah, sorry I was a little late today. I mean, it doesn't really make a difference because I wouldn't be trading anyways, but I think that we could see a market maker buy model potentially coming under these lows. What's up, JL? We bounce. I told you I was going to dump yesterday. We're up here. Right now, we bounce.
Yeah, the SMT divergence on ETH was the main reason why I was pretty confident. That should have hit, so I'm telling you. I mean, I don't use it for anything, or I haven't used it for anything but the bearish narrative, but it's been pretty consistent every time I've tried to use it. Or if ETH makes a higher high and Bitcoin fails to do so, then you can, especially if there is bearish TA along with that, you can expect a retracement. Because that happened, like, we were, like, right here. It was, like, the top, almost.
No, no, no, I'm sorry. It was right here. It was right in this camera because this is when we were streaming. Yeah, what I see potentially is taking out these equal lows and maybe even taking out the major daily equal lows and giving like a market maker buy model. Because when I look at it, I don't think this is the first consolidation up here, but I could see that we have the one, two, and then potential.
Yeah, consolidation down here. Yeah, I like that a lot. You know what I'm saying? That's what I think. And that's just going up the law of three. And we see how we're forming these little three drives right here and here and then here. And they're doing their job, what they're meant to do. But I think it's part of a larger three drive on the four hour, if I look at it like that. And then also that kind of goes with the weekly bias that I want these lows to get taken. That would be fire.
It's weird. I mean, this week's pretty...
iffy with NFP coming up. There's a lot of money being moved around. Larger investors are kind of preparing themselves and you're not going to see as much movement on some pairs. Like Bitcoin this week is really just, I mean, it's literally almost that weekly open still. We've seen nice movement, but it's not really showing yet an intention that it wants to expand for the week. Like we went over USD CAD yesterday. That was a beautiful example of
the weekly candle structure. I mean, we literally came right under that weekly open, formed that low on Tuesday, got above the weekly open, never turned back. And we're going right up to this level right here. This is this high. So I got these stops. And this is a good example of a very clean market that I didn't participate in this at all, but very, very clean price action here.
um euro dollar also um i think bench uh or it's like bench in the in the server i wanted to take this so he took a cell here last night i was looking at the same thing when we had this three drive right here this is beautiful like absolutely beautiful surprised we didn't see any retracement at all during new york you know just free fall um but if you look at this i guarantee it's gonna be perfect
Well, actually, let's make, well, this is rather the impulse move, so it's probably a drop from there. We're right on that order block. But, I'm just bouncing on Bitcoin right now. Yeah, I filled that fair value gap right here, so I expect at least something, like, most likely what I would expect is probably this hour is gonna, yeah, we got a minute left, it's gonna close, leave a fair value gap, and then kind of revisit price within that fair value gap.
Yeah, we're about to get the four-hour close on Bitcoin, I believe. One hour looks like it's... One hour looks like it wants... Did it fill anything here? Or not one hour, I mean one minute, I should say. Yeah, I have this as a spring right now. Does it not... The springs, they don't have to always take out the other liquidity in the range.
well no it just took out all the liquidity in the range are you talking about for this up here the reaccumulation or something yeah that would be the re like that would be the reaccumulation to the accumulation to our left because i i have us basically retracing extremes before expansion like this actually yeah okay that's how i was thinking this move that we have on bitcoin right now i've actually when i when i like when i'm on since i'm on the charts 24 7.
When I was shorting Bitcoin, I see this inverted, or I saw the same exact move inverted as the UTAT or the manipulation phase, where you get massive displacement to the opposing side of where price wants to go. Right. And then it just ends up being a massive lick rate. You get your internal market structure breaks with displacement, and then you come back into the range, and then you finally expand. So I actually have...
This bottom right here is a potential bottom for Bitcoin right now as we just continue to retrace extremes because I've noticed that we retrace extremes a lot before we have a big move. Right. Yeah, because it came all the way down this little fair value gap under that low right there. Also, anybody on YouTube? Okay, they can hear. Okay, good. Somebody told me they couldn't hear people on YouTube, and I was like, what? What's up, Adeliki and Carl?
That guy 556 wants to look at RSR. So he wants to look at ETH. Let's do ETH. But yeah, now for Bitcoin, I really want the lows taken. These lows right here. ETH. Let's see what ETH's doing. So ETH hasn't made it. I was hoping ETH had maybe made a lower low. ETH is like, honestly, cleaner in my opinion than...
Corn if we look at so once we come up we put in that what we're anticipating to be the high of the week in the higher time frame price delivery array Break a structure afterwards and then price respects. I think it was a 15-minute Supply candle and if you take that was the OT. I think there's actually
Pretty clean really I would draw it to here be the impulse I would write a tote And then more breaks the structure the downside probably some relief where we're at but Overall, it's kind of weird because we really haven't moved much away from the
Monday midnight candle or I'm not sorry not much like much towards the Monday midnight candle so really as far as that weekly candle structure is interesting because I'm kind of just hanging out I mean it is NFP week so but oh as far as like the lows you take out ETH I read
If anything, I would think at this point Bitcoin or ETH looks better than Bitcoin, but just because it doesn't have those ominous fucking equal lows in the range. But again, I could very well see the market maker sell or buy model wait till we take out the sell side liquidity of the range. The last price we moved really, really expansive off of that hasn't been taken to that 1355 mark. Weekly imbalance just below it too.
That would be the higher probability setup I see. It doesn't really follow. What is this? Which one is my days are fucked up? Okay, yeah, Tuesday is the 30th. So it made its high in the ages session, which is kind of weird. Well, usually you look for the high or the low to be made Tuesday to Wednesday. But, I mean, if anything, it'd be the high. I mean, we haven't made it low, so.
As far as the lows getting taken, I mean, if you're talking about this, I could definitely see it. I mean, I can also see it the last little push up. I mean, form like a pretty nice redistribution into this supply candle up here in the daily imbalance, but I wouldn't count on it. NFP is going to bring a lot of volatility. So that's really what you're going to want to be focusing on. I guess somebody said RSL. Oops, wrong word. Haven't done TN in this one in a while.
Would say these lows are gonna get taken all that down there pretty clear level of stops And that's in the weekly frame. So there's looks like you've Came back into this imbalance as well. Yeah, this is pretty clean Honestly, this looks like more of a short than Bitcoin or
in my opinion, so you can't have a four hour fair value gap that we've revised from, it's actually the daily fair value gap too. Four hour fair value gap is a little bit bigger, but filled the daily fair value gap. So now the price pushes away. I haven't really formed that swing high yet, but I would think that price is at least looking for this imbalance right here, if not lower.
I'll keep an eye on this breaker if price, I mean, it looks like it kind of already came back down, came into it, and then add a little pause, drop base drop. This could be a POI in the future, though. I'd keep an eye on it. So there's something cleaner on the one hour, maybe. Yeah, I would just use this one hour. And the reason I'm taking that is it's the last, you know, order block, theoretically. It's a breaker block, but before we took stops of the buy side liquidity, the range. So, well, you know,
Honestly, it could have been right here. This could have been the breaker because that's what we reacted off of. That's probably what it was right there. We've got a pretty big order block here that seems like we're low time frame is kind of accumulating into. I would probably look for that potential cell entry. I'll send an alert just to watch it and kind of study it even if I don't take anything or signal anything.
that's my answer to imb it's just imbalance by the way but um yeah i would look for a potential little push up into that zone right there and then after that i would look to come take out this sell side liquidity right here because that's where the last point you really um not pdl the last point you really moved off of um was down there also that might be you just took out your previous daily low with this last little push down as well
and the equal lows. So yeah, I mean, you took out one in form of sell-side liquidity. Now I'd look for a rush back up above the range. You had your deviation here. Now deviate back up into the fair value gap. Then from there, I would look to take these lows. It's actually a really good, pretty clean setup in my opinion. And you could even hold that into the weekly open, if not lower. I almost want to take a little swing on this shit.
Somebody said, can I explain? Okay, wait, there's a couple. Are there going to be more MPIX traders posting trades in crypto on crypto? I really want more trades. I mean, I don't think there's anybody worth thinking about bringing on at the moment, if that's what you're asking. Near, and then can I explain an ICT breaker block versus standard OB? Yeah, breaker block is just the last, you know, think of it like an order block that pushed price up and took buy side liquidity. Yeah, I like this setup though.
I want to see what the rooster award on it is looking like. Because honestly, I would like my stops. My thing is there's these equal highs up here. What I'm going to do is I'm going to wait for price to get up in this zone. And if I get a nice reaction, I'll take a sell. What's up? Carl said, WD Gann's theory. If Wednesday makes the top of the week, we are going lower on Friday. Yeah, if Wednesday makes the top, you'll usually see a lower.
The only problem with Gann's theory, I feel like, is that's a hindsight thing. Because there's not much more to it, in my opinion, than that. I guess you can use it with your bias.
So he said, what creates that sell-side liquidity on RSR? So what I'm looking at is we've established this range here, right? And when you look, where did price move the most rapidly away from? It's going to be here and here. So that's where you're going to be your buy-side and sell-side liquidity. This range is going to be. Now we have different areas in here of liquidity, these equal lows and this high, but your major range liquidity is going to be here.
Also, it's resting right above that daily imbalance, and it pushed us up to mitigate these orders. Somebody said, oh, what's up, Mr. Taylor? Haven't heard from you in a minute. I hope you're doing good. Near, yeah, I got you, I got you. Somebody else asked for near, too, so. Actually, I don't, it's been crazy. It's been a while so I did T on this. I think that sounds about right.
I like this 2.515 level overall like mid mid to long term for near the equilibrium that weekly order block and the monthly imbalance fill
Overall, the weekly here, I would say that we're drawing towards all of this down here, really the major low at the bottom. Yeah, the weekly candle is bullish at this moment, but if you ask me, I think the daily bias just kind of had to be bullish for the first couple of days this week to come up, take out all these highs, and come into this daily imbalance. I actually really like this. I might take some swing sales here.
Just hold on to these bitches. I forget the levels right there. Oh! The fuck was that? Like an aggressive yawn. Yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and swing some near cells. Actually, we'll get to these questions.
I've been thinking lately I want to start just getting almost like trading cryptos as little side moves because I don't really watch, I don't, I don't watch any of my bitcoins. I can't trade anything really else than the funded. I mean, I can, but the spreads are like fucking horrible. But I do want to start just swinging some trades on crypto, some alts. Yeah, also please make sure to manage your risk according to the stop loss. You know, don't ape in near.
What's risk management? Okay, let me look. What's up, Bjorn? I'm doing good. How you doing? Also, Adeliki said, before the question, kindly check Matic. Seems interesting. I can't remember when we had done that. So, where we're at with Matic, I mean...
It's not really at a premium of the impulse move here. Probably during a four-hour, it probably is, though. If you're during a four-hour, it is. But the daily chart, you could also potentially look at this as a breaker. Yeah, I mean, I think this is going to provide some nice sales as well soon. Maybe even starting now. When we're in this imbalance, I'd almost like it to tap this candle right here.
There's also a little supply and demand flip zone over here. So overall, it's building a lot of trendline liquidity. The daily liquidity is pretty clear. It's where we started this impulse move here. And then you've got this weekly imbalance right under it. So overall, I would be looking for a potential move to the downside. So you came up on the weekly and filled this fair value gap, saw a nice reaction.
I wouldn't really call this a shift in strumming. You could, I guess. That'd be like your shift instructional weekly. But yeah, I mean, overall, I'd be leaning more towards the bearish side of this. But I could see it. I almost would want it to come up and tap this. But we'll see. And the one hour still shows it very well could, too. So yeah, a lot of liquidity building up on the sell side. Trend line. Retail traders are going crazy on this trend line. Be clear in a 15 minute.
All that's going to get taken. Could rebound after it gets taken. I'm not saying just all going to get, but I would lean more towards the bearish narrative of going down and rebalancing price in the weekly and taking out that low. NFP is, again, with everything, I think the NFP will bring a little more volatility and will push things in the overall, not the initial move, but the overall move caused by NFP will show us the market's hand in a sense.
Because if the stock market starts rallying due to employment, you know, being better than expected, that's going to cause crypto to be the same. Somebody said, or at a leak, he said near 4.33x. Why didn't I consider that? Because I'm not going to be sitting here like watching. If I'm going to trade it, I'm not going to sit there and watch it all the time. I don't really, that's not where my time is going to be at. If I'm going to do, I'm just going to swing off the higher timeframes.
When I first look at a new pair, what am I looking for regarding structure to tell me if a pullback is significant or not in the various timeframes? So whatever, if you're saying a pullback, like if you're saying for like some basic market structure and supply and demand theory, it just really depends on the pair you're trading. So I would get really in tune with whatever pair you're trading and
Determine you know back test and see what's the average amount it pulls back, but you know whenever swing and swing structures formed But a lot of times, you know just being honest I would just eyeball it you can kind of just look at it and tell sometimes whenever you're if you're trading the asset a lot You know like in a euro swing is gonna look different than a Bitcoin swing, you know
i mean this looks pretty rough too overall on the daily that three drive just like bitcoin massive move to the downside now we're kind of coming back up to that breaker and also i just looked at the weekly there's a breaker on the weekly that we are in
So Matic is probably going to be framing some sales here soon as well. Again, that trendline liquidity building up. Tons of lows down here. Everybody's viewing this as support. The highs are getting manipulated, falling breaks of structure time and time again. So I would say that this is getting distributed. And again, you're going above the Monday midnight open, pushing up three drive on the one hour into a higher time frame price delivery array.
You know, I'll actually set an alert for this just to see. If we get a nice display, some bracket structure there, we could get an entry off this three drive. I would be targeting down here. Also, I appreciate you watching the streams, Bjorn. Tell me some TA. Oh, you said, okay. I just not saw these. What did you see on S&P 500 this morning? I didn't see anything. I didn't watch it.
I don't want to trade intraday on the funded. I can look back. My cat's in here trying to get in the fucking cabinets. It's annoying as hell. So this morning on S&P, fucking maximum pain here. I mean, you had the pretty clear liquidity resting under all this, right?
I think Haas actually from the group had a really good take on this. There was an OT entry. Let me show you guys. This is what he sent me. I didn't come up with this. Was it on this or NASDAQ? Hold on. I knew it was S&P. I'll just show you his take. It was fucking clean. So there's the accumulation right here. Manipulation up above the high. Take the liquidity. Then we went to the downside. Got that expansion.
And then with that expansion, you had an optimal trade entry sell. Pretty clean, if you ask me. That was the best look I've got on S&P today. I think that was on a one-minute chart, wasn't it? Or a very low time frame? Yeah. Very clean. But overall here, I mean, pretty clean move into...
I know I'm creating an imbalance. I like this. Oh, yeah, no, no. Divine asked me about this. I was like, why do I have this marked? I like it. That's my phone right before stream. So I'd look at some, this is these equal highs right here. I'm not going to mark it. I want too much in my chart, but look at that fair value gap getting front. I think it's a four hour fair value gap. What's left of one? This is zone I would watch, but I mean, you know.
Oh, yeah. I mean, and that would also be probably repricing this daily imbalance, too, because we created an imbalance. We blasted through it, pushed back up into the zone, repriced lower. I mean, really, at this point, it's almost like we want the freaking range lows. At least this down here.
It'll be a lot of stops under this. So you'll see some kind of rebound. I think that that would go in course with Bitcoin's equal lows getting taken as well. But I mean, on top of that, I will say though, we are on a weekly order block. Really probably this candle would be the one, but it's kind of, you know, this candle has already been mitigated because, you know, price traded through it right back down. So that's why I marked this one. And then it's really not a high volume candle. I did mark it, but not the highest conviction in that zone.
The weekly buy is pretty clear that we're going to close to the downside. So, you know, depending on NFP tomorrow, you know, we could see more expansion down or a volatile move up. It's really, you know, luck of the draw there. Nobody really knows. Well, I'm sure some know, but we don't know what NFP is going to bring. But again, I mean, I think that the bears are heavily in control here. So any longs on S&P should be taken extremely aggressively. Like if I'm taking longs on S&P,
i want to take um you know very hold on sorry i had to run these little bastards downstairs can't focus me they're in here trying i don't know if you guys can even hear it through this mic but then they're trying to like claw open the fucking cabinet so it sounds like somebody's just like banging a cabinet shut but um yeah that this would be the zone i'd be watching up here
They said, do you think the Coinbase near auction will affect the near swing? It could. I mean, I didn't even know that was a thing. I really don't pay attention to, I just watch the price, to be honest. Like if it's a very high volatility news event, I usually sit out like day trading. But, you know, like you could tell me that, like for instance, like the Mt. Gox stuff and all the merge and all that, I really like, yeah, I mean, I keep it in mind.
To trade off of that, there's a difference between, for instance, like if you're looking to day trade something and it's NFP, it'd probably be smart to sit it out. But if you're in a swing trade or looking to swing,
Even if you're day trading, I wouldn't try to trade off of the news. There's a difference between sitting it out and then letting it influence. I'm not saying that's what you're saying or asking. I just wanted to make a point. For instance, if I see something I like on a coin, ETH could look bearish as fuck and somebody says the merge is going to be bullish and I would still short. You know what I mean? If that makes sense.
I said, to get a good high timeframe bias, would I rather look at the market cap than the price for more accuracy, especially on tokens that do not have a defined number of tokens? I wouldn't look at any of that for a price action bias. So to develop a good high timeframe bias, I would use the daily and weekly charts. Hold on, these fucking cats. My bad, guys.
Little fuckers. But yeah, to develop a high time frame bias, I would use the higher time frames. I wouldn't use any kind of data like, you know, market cap. I mean, you can use market cap to determine whether you even want to look at the coin or not, you know, but don't use it to develop any form of bias. Sold. Got you. Okay. I'm going to move this to the midnight.
I would say that this is going to close bearish. I think we went up with this a little bit yesterday or the other day. It's somewhere to Bitcoin, honestly. Let's see how we're pushing back. If this was going to be a bullish week, you ideally wouldn't want to see it back here.
Because, you know, think about it like this. If we're going to be, if it's, if there's going to be a bearish, just like here, just as a good example, when there's a bearish day, like what you're looking at right here is the daily structure is bearish. You see that move up at midnight and then it moved down and it doesn't really close super bearish, but it was a bearish day. So the whole structure of a candle you're looking at is to.
determine you know if we're going to be bearish you're going to want to see a push up initially because every candle is going to have a wick right so you know and also to engineer a false narrative and liquidity among retail investors so for instance if market makers wanted to push price down they would first push price up
And then that would be your WIC and you would see them move down. But I will also say we're probably not going to see much of any kind of rapid expansion either because it's Thursday and we're still sitting at the weekly open. So really this week was more of a consolidation on the grand scheme of things than anything in my appointment.
I think we went over this a little bit. Yeah, I remember it starting to. So again, just like all crypto, three drive. I mean, sell side liquidity below is going to be the target. It's 25 bucks. I don't know. It's going to go straight there. But overall weekly target for me has been 18. He's equaled for a minute. But I mean, I think that could be a while. Or who knows? It could be two weeks from now. We never know. We've seen worse with crypto for sure. So, I mean.
You know, looking at the overall chart of Seoul, I mean, Jesus. Like, if I'm looking at a monthly chart, I'm saying this shit's going, like, literally back to, like, unreal numbers. But, you know, that's another day, like, sub $10. But, you know, we'll stay on the weekly for now. But overall, not looking too hot. If you do start to see, let's see here.
Yeah. You just make or break it while you're at here. If you don't start to rebound here, I would look more for the lows, which is probably what I'm leaning towards, to be honest with you. I was looking for this low right here. That's where your range sell side liquidity resides. And also Bitcoin's lows that I was talking about. I think that'll bring price down to it. I haven't, I wanted to do this. I think I posted this. I know I posted it to the Discord. I posted it up.
I want to see a move. I wanted to see a move lower on USDT D, you know, for a short term bullish narrative, but it said fuck no. So at this point, I mean, this tells me that we're just going to the overall target, which I thought we were going to go down first, but it did not. It really just went down to equilibrium of this imbalance or did it? I don't even think it did.
No, well, yeah, very close. I'm actually going to delete this. Delete my little path that didn't happen. So it seems like even after taking this fair value gap and filling it, I mean, price is still massively bullish here. So this tells me that value is still being accumulated into Tether. I would look for these highs at this point. There's nothing else I really see that's drawing towards it.
I mean, the weekly looks fairly bullish as far as this wick. I'm interested to see how this weekly open theory works. Yeah, so see, look, it's even here into the bottom.
See here, and if we're going to be bullish on something, we see a massive move under this weekly open. You see that low formed on Tuesday right there. I'm interested to see if this actually works with Tether. It looks very clean right here. And then once we get that low formed, you get a break of structure, take a move from the impulse candle body, which I would say is probably...
Right here. Move it to here. It came lower than OTE. It came really lower than the thing with the Wix, so that's interesting. But overall, I mean, you're looking pretty clean for movement to the upside, in my opinion. This imbalance would be the next draw that I'd be looking at. I mean, overall, these highs would be the target, but I'm going to get rid of some of these templates much cleaner. Okay, so SHIB was the next one, I think. Yeah, SHIB.
And also Backend Baby said, when I did my funded, there was a certain session I'd like to trade more. Yeah, New York open. London's cool too, but you got to be careful. Like if you're going to trade London, you really need to be trading. You need to wait for the stop rate. Wow. We've talked about this. I wanted to get into a sell on this. I just wasn't watching this shit. I would never hit it anyways. That's why.
We originally wanted to get in a buy here, but that did not. We never got into it because there was no confirmation. This was the high we wanted to get broken. We never hit into these equal highs either, but it's SHIB, so you take it with a grain of salt. Filled this imbalance, and then off to the races. Daily is going to be going for most of these lows here. I mean, we've got some equal lows right there. I would say that's your next target.
So enough you're trading in today frame trades around that narrative. I mean really the only thing I see on the weekly Is this imbalance right there and then the major sell side liquidity to the lows? This is where you moved off that accumulation that it really started That massive fucking sheep pump Yeah, ask him ask away I'm gonna be hopping off here pretty soon. So Really one of these highs to get taken, but they did not cucked
Oh, wow. That's crazy. Dollar finally hit our target. Any of you guys who've been watching these streams know we've been talking about this imbalance for a minute. Could see some relief for financial markets if we reverse there, to be honest with you. I mean, if you don't, then I don't... GG's to the world. It's going to be interesting to see what NFP brings. Because if NFP is...
You know, I mean, that could be pointing to larger investors anticipating a better than expected NFP number. I want to check something out really quick. Dude, I swear, trading news sucks. Like, I literally, like, I haven't had this volume. I delete it every time that I watch two charts. And I copy all my indicators and hit save. And it literally never does it. I don't know why. If anybody knows why, please help me. Because I've been trying to fix this shit forever.
Okay, so it has made a lower low. Okay, no divergence there. What I was looking for is divergence on the bond market and the dollar. I know that there was a divergence. I'm going to actually go over that on a different stream, maybe tomorrow, to just give an example. For those of you who've been watching the videos for a while, when we called that the market was going to rally at the beginning of July, which it definitely did. I think it was like July 6th was the day of the stream. We said, I think it's...
The link, it'll be, or not the link, the videos, it's in my actual live uploads. It's, will the markets recover? I gave a very detailed description on how to use the bonds market to determine these kinds of moves. And obviously it worked very well. But you can also use dollar divergence with the short-term bond markets, like the five-year. So that's your, basically if you're using the divergence, you know.
We'll just go ahead and do it. Why not? I've already started talking about it. And they'll get off after this. I always forget. This is the only one that starts the number. So when you see something like this, see right here how we made a higher high on bonds market and we made a higher high on dollar strength index.
So that's a classic divergence because you should not see this happening. So now if the dollar is gaining value while one of the largest accumulated assets by very, very large investors are playing in these markets, right? And these are also determined off of numerous economic factors. So if this price is going higher while this price, not price, but the dollar strength index is going higher,
That's going to lead you to be able to develop a bias that this is just being distributed. Because if there is obvious upside in the dollar, that value is going into this gas tank. Just think about two gas tanks. One's getting siphoned out to the other. But this one's having a delayed reaction because larger investors are manipulating the high in order to gain liquidity to sell. And you can already see they've started to distribute all among this range up here. So that's why you see this massive sell-off like that.
And what this also anticipates is a short-term increase in United States interest rates. Also, look at the Times. This was August 2nd. Go back and look whenever Jay Powell said he was going to, you know, that we should expect pain and that we'd have to hike more. That was last Friday. That was August 25th.
Also up here as before this massive move. So you can use this to catch or assist you when you're developing, you know, macro TA for the next, you know, short term, next quarter.
or couple weeks. Just like we use the 30-year and the 10-year notes with the S&P and the dollar and all the other major indices when you're using the monthly price delivery arrays. That was simple, just order box. But this is a little bit, it's not harder. It can be kind of tricky to get the hang of it first. And you can do this with any benchmark asset and then an underlying asset as well. So you could do this with the S&P.
In NASDAQ, you could do it with Bitcoin and Ethereum like we talked about yesterday on stream. Whenever Ethereum made a higher high and Bitcoin did not, that can lead you to believe that crypto is being distributed because Bitcoin is the benchmark asset. And then Ethereum theoretically is the underlying asset. And if you see one of them making a higher high and the other one does not, there is a divergence there because they are usually moving in correlation.
So if one makes a higher high, you can determine that higher high might just be distribution. Now, of course, you don't just want to pull the trigger and open a cell just because of that, but you can use it along with other TA. Another thing I want to stress is trade the time frame you're seeing the divergence on. If you see a divergence on a one hour, take a one hour trade. Don't say, oh, one hour smart money divergence. We're going down to...
You know daily range lows it can't do that, but this is a good example of How that can be used Somebody said Adam So I think there's a weekly fair value gap price pushed up on a weekly fair value gap took the range equal highs right here Into that order block massive of the downside, but no break of structure in the daily before our though on the other hand Break definitely broke structure and now we're sitting right back in that zone
Really this massive candle here to refine it to Probably I think this appears looks similar to another coin. We just looked at fingers each so move into this area right here and Seems like we came right here after breaking down Get too many boxes on my screen. I know where we're at
so moved off that pretty impulsively that one hour order block because i would view this because it's the large there's more institutional volume in this candle over that but you know we not say we can't return there um once you hit until you rated highs into it displacement at the downside kind of bounce before you got that break of structure which might be you know that could be a potential liquidity raid um price came back down to this imbalance
It's really make a break. I mean, you really, I would, if it was gonna continue, I would look for it to continue here. But this, yes, we had a displacement upside, but you see it kind of reacted, coiled up as it hit these highs, just pipped it and moved to the downside. Now we're getting breaks to the downside. So kind of had a fickle place, kind of just consolidating. Somebody said GBPUSD and then CADJPY is the last two I'm gonna do. I mean, I would say the weekly is drawing towards this low.
Your weekly drawn liquidity would be down here under these lows same with the monthly I hear going here That's really I mean Until I mean it'd be pretty pretty cut out for you in my opinion. I think it's you just should be looking for cells Very clear downtrend as well. I mean, it's really if you see it's just This one never really got a retrace of this tiny little fair value gap, but it's just expanding the downside Pretty rapidly
Again, DXY can, just keep an eye on DXY. But I would say you're moving down towards this area. I wouldn't just get to sell and target it, but I would say frame sells around that idea. JPY, this high. I'm gonna try to disappear in a minute. That's what it looks like to me. When you came down, you took out this low into the imbalance, moved rapidly away from it, you formed that swing low. So I would say you're seeking out the next area of liquidity, which is that buy side at the weekly high.
You add some equal highs right here, but I don't think that's gonna stop you. I would look for this high up here. And you've repriced this fair value gap, you traded through it, kind of traded back. Now if you get under this fair value gap, like let's say if you get under it, you're gonna bounce around here, I would look to sell off. But other than that, I would look for this high. So really just this daily fair value gap would be my kind of a guiding light there.
which one is good forex or crypto i mean they both can be good i mean it really just depends you know on you know your trading style i mean i would highly recommend if you're trading forex to really get in touch with liquidity because it's just endless manipulation and when you're trading forex you need to also be pretty disciplined with your sessions and also be very aware of news for you for any currency that you're trading
So like this pair, this would be considered something, and you could trade it, I guess, it's a CAD pair, so you could trade it during New York or Asia session. My experience with Forex is I would play major crosses only, like euro dollar, pound dollar, Aussie dollar, stuff like that. Something that has...
Two of the major something because I mean, I don't know maybe it's theoretically someone's gonna say it's a major cross But I would consider like you know EU GU UJ GJ stuff like that Do I trade futures? I trade discount futures I guess you'd say on the S&P on MetaTrader with on the funded account, but I don't trade like index futures on a brokerage
But on that note guys, I'm gonna hop off here. As always, I appreciate you. And until tomorrow, just stay safe. As far as day trades go, me personally, I'm not really opening any more intraday stuff before the NFP swing. I mean, I opened the swing trade on near, but whatever. I'm not gonna open any like scalps or any day trades on any Forex pairs or anything like that or indices tomorrow, but we'll stream and we'll go over the price action and kind of see if it...
gives us anything or shows us the market's hand. But until then, stay safe. If you got any questions, you know how to get at me. Yeah, I'll see you guys tomorrow.
