What's good? What's good? I'm going to give everybody a second to get in here. I'm going to go over some ES price action this morning. I'll give everybody just a few minutes to get in here.
The narrative that I had this morning is playing out pretty nicely so far. We need to come back up into this range for what I really want to happen. But I will say whenever we have this kind of price action pre-market, it doesn't really show me. When we get a lackluster reaction off that London low, like we talked about yesterday, a lot of times it can kind of signify that the day is not going to start out too bullish.
Because if we have in the morning, I don't know why I go between using this and the arrow. But in the morning, actually, hold on one second. Sorry. I need to put my stops to entry on this runner. Check out Seoul. Holy shit. A lot of low rates. Damn, every fucking crypto seems like I just rated a low. But that indicator is not always the most reliable. I think there's a good amount of people here. I'll go ahead and get started. What's up, Anonymous? How you doing?
So this morning, talking about this in stock chat, I had this idea that we were possibly, oops.
and a power of three formation for the morning. Now this still, I mean, I like for it to come back up into the range because this could get violated real quick. And I also have like a one minute market maker sell or buy model that I drew out and I'll show you that as well. So, and we talked about yesterday how important it is to build a narrative, how important time and price is. And when I came into the market this morning and I noticed,
Let me just get a naked chart. So see how we come down here at 345. Now, we talked about yesterday how important that London low can be whenever we're framing our bias to the New York session. So even if we're not trading during London, we need to pay attention to it. And whenever we make a London low, we want to come off that low. Like if we look over here, we talked about this yesterday. This is the reaction you want on a buy day right there.
Come take that high, displacement, undeniable force, fair value gap, rock it. That's what you want to see. Now, if you look over here, you don't see that. Now, this is a really good example. I want you to take a good look at this and understand that this is not displacement. There's no structure really being taken.
This is displacement. And your brain will rationalize and filter out data if you want to force a narrative. So you have to kind of let go of that cognitive dissonance and fear and understand that everything's not exactly what you want. Because to be honest, I wanted us to have this kind of reaction during London. Well, we came to the market and I said, okay, we're probably going to sell off at open because that tells me that this is going to get taken. There's a lot of liquidity under that London low.
And then if you look, I had looked at these lows right here. I know ICT had posted this, which I like this better now looking at it, but I didn't call those before. But I like how we came down under these lows. This is also the New York session lows for yesterday into the fair value gap right here and to this higher timeframe order block. So whenever we're looking at a potential...
area that we think we're going to push lower to and we see us consolidating above it, that's when you can start to frame that accumulation, manipulation, distribution, right? If we look, where is it?
Oh, I forgot. I have them all off. No wonder I can't see them. But if you look, we accumulated in the morning session. So, you know, the narrative that I had was we're going to go down. I thought we were going to go down more towards here, but we ended up going farther. So I just knew that we were going to go down. And oftentimes, whenever you have this accumulation in the pre-market hours, and especially after a big buy day.
you're going to go down and take out the sell side because there's a ton of people who think that they're going to be able to get in a position here and swing longs to have the heavens. So the market makers are going to come sweep them out. I was looking at a 930 low. That was the reason that I liked that low is because it was the equity market and there's a fair value gap, relatively equal lows. But it seems price went lower, took out the New York session lows and really back in this original institutional sponsorship area.
And the reason that's important and would push an even more bullish narrative, in my opinion, is that we're coming back down to those areas that we know institutions got involved in. That's why we use displacement, is we know that a large force got into the market there. So again, we're looking to trade with those large forces. So when I came into the market and I thought that, I said, okay, well, I can possibly catch a little short opportunity.
And this is why it's important to get to your desk before we come into this. Is my internet fucking up? I hope not. Can you guys hear me? Somebody comment or say something in Discord, please, if you can. Because my shit just faded in and out. Okay, I know it did because it's not streaming.
You can't hear me. Cool. Okay. Gotcha. Sorry about that guys. I don't know what my internet might go out. I know that you guys in the discord know that I've had a lot of issues with, um, there was like a car that, uh, a transformer around here, like on the power line, it like fell on this car. And ever since then, my power goes out. Like, I think they're working on it. It'll go out for like five minutes sometimes.
Anyways, so I came into the market with this narrative, and this is the importance of building that narrative. Now, I didn't think, again, I did not call all the way down here. I thought we were going here, but that's all I needed. I didn't even take it all the way there. The narrative just gives you a framework to operate within. So I see a lot of people that develop a narrative, and they want to catch the entire move of it. But remember, whenever we come into the market, I've said this before, we have two key elements to a trade, and that's going to be your framework, and then your...
execution and they need to both be very strong so your framework is where is price going and why and once you identify that then you can look to just get short if you think price is going down or get long but you don't have to take that trade all the way so this morning i came in and um let me hide these so we can see a little better
So, also guys, this is a really pro tip for journaling. So, if you're on the computer, I don't know if it's easy to do on mobile, but you can actually, you can shift, click, or not shift, control. Yeah, control, click, and you can select a bunch of different indicators, and then you can group them. So, you can go right here, or actually, I right-click it, hit object tree.
And it'll show you all of the ones you have selected. Now what you can do again is click them again and group them. And this is really useful for backtesting and journaling. That way you don't have to have so much clutter on your chart, but you can always keep everything and go back and check it out later, which I think is really important. I know that my trading definitely has improved the more that I reflect everything and do it on a fresh mind. I used to like.
go back and go through my journal at the end of the month i don't think that's as beneficial as if you um it's nice actually because i can go over it with you guys and while i'm trying to show you guys and and help you guys learn i learned too you know so um i made this little folder today for a short i took right at the open so we had a market maker sell model which i'm not going to get into
explaining it to a T because I'm not a master of them. I mean, I use them quite often, but we have an accumulation, an expansion into a POI and then a smart money reversal, right? And then you get on the second leg. So for instance, we had our first leg down in price, second leg down, fair value gap entry, stop us above the highs. And I just targeted the range lows. Very simple, very easy trade. And the reason I, yes, I look at this now and I'm like, damn.
I could have had a crazy day. You know, you could look at it like that. I could have had a seven hour day. And, you know, maybe if I was a little bit more convicted where it was going, for sure, I might have. But again, my daily bias overall, I want it today to be a buy day. So once you come into the market and, you know, you're not getting what you're looking for.
You don't force it and you don't force your narrative, but you kind of, you know, if you're like, okay, well, if I think one thing and then my charts telling me another thing, maybe I should risk a little less or be a little more aggressive with my profit taking. If you're going to be active during that, because there's obviously some kind of conflict there. So I just took profits at this little low, nice little morning entry.
Very beginning of the market. Now, I've noticed that oftentimes these setups happen in the morning and it's usually pitched by the 830 area. So the 830 area is when institutions start trading and there's a lot of volatility coming in there. All right. So if we see here, what did we have? What was this operating within? Well, when we look, remember that London low, we looked at it and said, hmm, why? I can rewind to where you can see a little better.
This is at 8.30 a.m. If the London low, we talked to this yesterday, gets violated like that, we're obviously seeking something lower because if we're going to see a bullish day, an expansive day, you want something like this where we have that accumulation right here.
Accumulation of orders, manipulation, distribution. If you see over here, we didn't really have that. Yeah, we had some accumulation and the manipulation, but remember, everything is important. If we would have came above this with displacement, okay, maybe I would have looked too long, and I wouldn't even have looked to take a sell down to the long.
But we didn't. So I look at that 8.30 a.m. candle and I say, okay, massive fair value gap. There's obviously displacement here. That indicates to me that the market makers are indeed trying to push price lower. Now, to where? I'm not going to try to take it all the way there. But that was my morning, the first trade I took.
A lot of people in the Discord are about to hate me, but the second trade I took, I signaled it, but it did not give the entry that I signaled. I wanted to get a fair value gap in this three minute. I won't lie to you, I had marketed it at the time that I had typed the signal, and I'm mostly out of it now.
um hold on i know people that are on youtube right this dude's bullshitting so here let me just show you my actual close position um but yeah and sorry guys i just whenever i'm signaling these trades you know i'm typing in it's probably right around this area
right in this area. And I don't want to just say market because next thing you know, it's up here. Somebody markets it, then it gets stopped out because we're not always right. And then we have people, oh my God, I lost so much. You know what I mean? So I try to keep it pretty direct and almost try to manage people's risks for them because people do not listen. I've been given signals long enough to where I know people don't, they don't listen. So I try not to do that. Now here, just so you guys know, I'm not...
on any capping took that this morning the price is a little different because i want a cfd it's a little lower actually but um just so you can see that so you know because a lot of people say oh you know i took it yeah and they didn't really take it but the reason that i wanted the limit there
and I had people cancel it, was because this fair value gap on the three-minute. Now, because I didn't see a clear one-minute fair value gap. This was enough displacement to me where I know what's going on. I know that market makers are buying up those stops, right? We took out the New York lows, had a very expansive move to the downside in the morning. So at that time, I'm okay to long. But again, sorry to those that didn't get in.
By the time Mo saw it, it was probably up here anyways. These are one minute candles. But the reason I canceled the limits is because when we look at price in this range, the morning range, which is important, it's not our higher timeframe range, but if we look right from that equity open, a little bit before it, but that high to the low, we came into a premium.
So when we're talking about ranges, for one, the day-to-day, it might end up going really green. It might. I'm not saying it won't, but I am saying that I always look at things in probabilities. And if I see the London low get violated like we just spoke about, that automatically reduces the probability that we're going to come up and maybe take that previous daily high. I'm also operating in the awareness that NQ still has not taken these fucking lows.
And any of you guys who have been in the Discord know I want this. I'm not watching NQ because of this.
I hope they get taken. So what I could see is maybe we revert to a premium of that morning move and then take those. I don't know. Now, I'm not going to try to trade off that and predict the future, but I will limit my risk based off of that potential. So as price came into a premium and hit, our first target profit was this high right there. Because again, we just target the first area of liquidity in a premium of that impulse range. Now, obviously, the other targets were much higher to swing.
but this would be where you'd shave off the majority of the position, right? Nothing crazy, 2.4 R, but 2.4 R a day, for instance, you'll pass a funded challenge in four days if you just got it perfect. So a lot of people see all these clown ass people that act like they get like 500 R and shit all the time. They're not getting that. If they were, they'd be rich as shit. You can get 10 R, it happens, but don't let that.
you know, skew your profit taking because, you know, indices will take it just as fast as they give it. Somebody asked, so a fair value gap on any low timeframe is valid after you get the break of structure with displacement? Yeah, for sure. I tried to just watch the one, three and the five. I wasn't even watching anything but the one. And like, for instance, I didn't, you know, like I said, I just executed on that because I know that that's enough displacement for me, but I kind of have a feel for it.
and i've been only trading indices lately and i've been trading indices for a while so you know i'm a little bit um more apt to uh you know i guess intuitively execute um
But yeah, three minute, one minute, two minute. I have a buddy. Some of you guys know him in the Discord, MengLand. He's one of the best fucking indices traders I've ever talked to. And he uses like the seven minute, one minute, five minute, three minute. He uses all sorts of time frames.
The thing that's important is to conceptualize. And remember, what we're trying to do is we're trying to confirm that smart money is buying these stops. I feel like a lot of people get lost in the two plus two equals four aspect of smart money concepts. But remember what we're doing. We're just utilizing tools and we're utilizing candles to visualize occurrences. And we're using the tools to confirm that our bias is correct. Think of it like that. So all we're trying to do is say.
Is smart money buying sell stops from all these traders? So when I see that, I think yes, they are. Why would they be buying them? Well, if we're in this range, they're going to at least revert back to premium. Now, even if price comes up here, let's say it goes here and goes down. We made some money. You take some profits, whatever. And the reason I think that is potentially a possibility is because of NQ.
Because it still has not taken these lows. And that would also make sense as to why price is drawing down like this. It's a really weird week. We've basically bounced around the weekly open. You know, I think that if we could take these lows and not just take them, but and get a nice reaction under it, that would make me feel much better about a little short term up only sentiment.
Somebody said, what is your key factor, Mike said, that took you from being good at analysis versus a profitable trader? I noticed I suffer from paralysis from analysis at times, then force myself to enter trades because of it. So I've said this before, the best analysts can be the worst traders. So everybody wants to always learn analysis and
understand why price does what it does, but that's useless to you if you can't execute properly. And if you have a bad relationship mentally with trading, it's going to be really hard to not only execute, but to manage your trades. So for instance, if you're scared to take a loss, you might have a system that's profitable technically.
Every time we rate a 15 minute low and it's pro daily bias, I long to premium of the lick rate. Well, let's say it has a 40% hit rate, but you take a trade and it's a loss, which is normal. So then that scares you and then you don't take the next trade, which would have been a win. And then you get FOMO and then you go out of your strategy and then you take a loss and now you're destroying your edge. And that's the death cycle that most traders go through.
So my biggest advice would be to understand that none of us really know what's happening for sure. Like I don't either. I'm wrong all the time. I take losses all the time. And that doesn't make a difference as long as you're profitable at the end of the day. So if you're scared to take losses or if you're scared to leave money on the table, you're scared to miss out, you're scared to be wrong in front of people, all of those different fears, that's going to impact your trading in a negative way to where
It doesn't matter if you're good at analysis or not. No, you don't have to apologize. I mean, I always repeat the same shit. All I do is talk. I talk for an hour a day, so I'm sure I repeat shit all the time. How did I learn how to do analysis and trade so good? A lot of trial and error and pain and blood, sweat, and tears. No, literally. I mean, I didn't just start out doing well. I started out losing a lot of money. But that's part of it, I think. I think you kind of got to pay your dues, you know?
But yeah, so that's really where we're at on indices. I think the PM session might bring some more clarity. Ideally, if we could kind of either consolidate and take a low and expand up, that would be nice. Or vice versa, you know, we three drive because you have one, two, we might come up. Let's say we come up into this, maybe this order block, maybe just this fair value gap. You come up there, range, take a high, break down.
fair value gap, target down. And then I would probably look to just write it until NQ took the lows. But again, those are just two possibilities. I'm not saying that they're going to happen. Not a very clear one to me. Something I do want to touch on yesterday. This is a different one. So yesterday, oops.
We talked about this little cell model. I think we did, right? I know this is after one. I'll talk about yesterday's trades too. So.
In the PM session, again, we look for those liquidity rates. So yesterday, after we got off stream, we talked about how the overall narrative was to push price up to, you can't see it now because I moved it. Oh, I guess you can. Oh, no, this is not the right one. We wanted price to move up to the previous daily high, which is this right here, 37.33. So we discussed how that was the draw, aka that's what price is drawing towards.
Oops, I thought that was the magnet icon. So when we identify a draw, again, we're building a narrative. We're looking to position ourselves to become a part of it. So I wanted a liquidity rate to the downside. And I looked at this as another market maker sell model. Again, we just have consolidation and low expansion where above old liquidity. It loves rating lunchtime liquidity. There's a lot of traders get active here and they end up just getting wrecked, right?
So it raids that we see a nice smart money reversal here. I just took the fair value gap entry, super satisfying trade. I closed it.
Most of the trade, I think it was like I marketed it. It was like on this candle, you know, whatever. It might have FOMO'd out early. I'm glad I marketed most of it there. And then I ended up just closing the rest of it as I opened this long they were about to talk about. Nothing crazy. And I risked literally 0.125% just because it was so counter my narrative. But I was looking at the price action as, okay, well, if I want to get in a long, we need to rate down. And again, just like this morning, if you build that narrative, you can try to position yourself in it.
And I recommend, if you're starting out, trying to paper trade those kind of trades. For instance, I was really confident in it, and I still risk 0.125% just because it's so counterintuitive to the overall direction that I wanted to move. We're right under this old low. Anything can happen. You can just start ripping. But I'll hide that one now. I guess not. I guess I took it. Hold on.
So now 0.5% of that trade for the short. And hold on, I missed it. Anonymous, it went away. It was on my screen. Give me one second. Anonymous said I did 0.5% of the trade for the short and normal for the... Oh, I see what you're talking about. I posted my shorts along on ETH in the Playbook group channel that almost mirrors yours.
If you want to send a link, I can go over it with you if you'd like, but it'd probably be hard for me to just find, but that's up to you. But yeah, no, like you said, you risked 0.5% and then normal for the long. And you rock. I appreciate you, bro. I appreciate the kind words. And then here for the morning or the afternoon session, not the morning, the afternoon session, what we look for is a rate of any low and...
Then a subsequent reaction, again, to indicate to us that smart money is indeed buying up those stop losses in order to push price to where we want. So overall narrative is that price is going to go higher. So again, all I do is trade liquidity rates. I don't trade anything else. So I look for that liquidity rate in the afternoon, which we get. Price came down under this low. Now, this was a tricky one because price pushed up here.
And I thought I missed it because I just didn't like it. I didn't like this right here. It was there, but I just didn't like it. Now, for instance, you would have still been fine if you got in. You could have just said, boom, now stop loss under the low.
All right. And then, bam. There we go. Now, it wasn't because the risk reward. The risk reward was fine. I'll take 2R. But I just didn't like it. I don't know. I just didn't like the way that we had this order block over here and this imbalance. We kind of moseyed up to it. And if we compress up into another POI, and I was looking at it kind of from a skewed perspective because I was just in a cell. And then you have that psychology like, shit, maybe I should have held the cell. But I was like, no, just wait. But then...
right here. That was the displacement I want to see. That big bodied candle like that right there that closes nice and it doesn't have to be like that. And again, it gets a little bit more intuitive. And if you look here, when I'm looking at it from a draw on liquidity perspective, remember price bounces from internal to external liquidity and it's just sweeping out the range. So we're here, we're coming up and we hit this draw, right? Move away from it. So then what's the draw? Well, if I'm bullish, I could look at two potential
scenarios which would be all of these lows getting swept now that would be the best and make you you know make me the most confident kind of like how i want nq to raid the lows but if i look over here at an order block and then a bunch of equal lows getting taken out and look at that reaction off of it you get that reaction off of areas of liquidity you know that smart money is active so then i took the long as soon as it came back down here i just marketed it
And I had to hold it for a little bit. I didn't take any profits here. I was kind of sweating a little bit. And I know that we talked about this, talked about it on Twitter and then in the group. And people know I had two trades the last week that I took, not trades that I signaled, but trades that I took that I got stopped at a break even on only for them to, oops, only for them to run to the full target. So that was a pretty painful process. But I started to recognize that I was moving my stops to break even because of the fear of losing.
or the fear of taking a loss after it went green and being on a funded account will do that to it did it to me at least and i realized like you under you know you know better like for instance all price is doing is coming around the range and taking liquidity there's absolutely no reason to
put your stop loss to break even unless you've hit a target or you've broken out of the range, which then you would have probably hit a target because we all know that price, whenever we're ranging, let's just say we have all this liquidity, price can do all sorts of stuff as long as it doesn't go above this high over here. And let's say your entry was, I don't know.
right here right well all these lows are just liquidity right so if we're looking about you know this range right here
All that liquidity ideally is going to get swept before we move up because remember price moves from internal liquidity, bam, internal taken to external liquidity. And that's the way the algorithm works. So whenever you, you know, let's say you got an entry or if this was the lick rate you got on, here was your fair value gap, got in right here. Well, guess what happened? Price came back down just, you know, here was your entry. Price came down and stopped you out just to go. And it was doing a very normal.
a very normal thing and just, you know, taking out all that internal liquidity. So price was doing what you wanted it to. The algorithm was in a buy program, but your fear ended up causing you to miss out on gains. So that's something that I had happened twice and it sucks, man. It makes you angry. It makes you, it's just not a good feeling. So I said, okay, I'm not putting stop losses to break even on indices anymore until I've taken, you know, at least I'm taking profits or if, you know.
if it's broken out of the external range. So what happens? Look what would have happened. I would have been in a terrible mood all day yesterday. My girlfriend would have had to listen to me talk about how I fucked up and I wouldn't have made any money. But good day. I ended up super, I was super happy, super proud of myself for that. Just because I had that issue, I recognized that. And here's the slip. I'm not trying to do it to show like any money. It's not even a lot of money, but I just want to show it because
I think it's important that if I want to sit here and talk to you and show you all this, that you know that I'm actually doing it. Because I'll go ahead and tell you, 90% of the people that you see on social media, they're not doing shit. Now, the trade executed perfectly. I think it moved a little farther. It went up a little higher, which is fine. And that's where we saw the end of the day right there.
So that was pretty much it as far as recapping anything that I haven't already gone over with you guys. But I'm not going to force a trade in the PM. Did pretty good today. So if I get something, I get something, but I'm going to have to really like it. So let me look at some of these questions now and then we'll talk about crypto and I'll go over your trade anonymous.
What if the fair value gap is above 0.5 in the up displacement? Is that correct, sir? So that's a good question. So what he's asking for those who don't know, let's say you have a liquidity raid and you have your model right here. And then let's say you might have two fair value gaps. Let's say you've got one right here and you've got one right here.
So you could take a FIB and have your premium and your discount of that little impulse move. Because we know the way that the algorithm operates is it buys in a premium and sells in a discount. I'm sorry. I always said that backwards. I'm sorry. I don't want to confuse anybody. Let me be clear. It buys at a discount and sells at a premium. So let's say price has came up here.
You know, it's taken its course of action. It's up here.
You're chilling and you're like, hmm, shit, which fair value gap am I going to do? Now, I'm not going to tell you if your strategy is to use the discount one and it works for you. Don't change it because of this. But I'm taking the first one. Now, the reason for that is because I'm okay with the risk to reward that it eliminates. Because in my experience, I've had more missed trades that would have been winners.
due to trying to get the best entries, then I have, you know, seen like a damage from losing this potential one to two points. Now, you know, you'll see this happen a lot of time. Now, another thing that happens, though, I will say, and this is the part where people get stopped at a break even is it'll do this. Boom. And it comes back to that last one a lot of the time. So I noticed that and that's okay with me, right? That's that's usually the part where I'm getting stopped at a break even if I am fucking up.
but you know,
I use the top one, so it's a good question. I'm sure a lot of people have it. Whatever you do, just do it all the time. For instance, if you use the bottom one, you've got to always do it because then you can go back and journal your trade and say, okay, well, I've missed five trades that hit 3R, but over the last five trades I got, I only got an extra 0.5R from holding out like that. It's actually hurting me more than helping. That's why data is really important.
I talk to a lot of people like when I do one-on-ones, they're like, oh, how the hell am I going to data all these trades? I'm like, bro, that means you're trading too much. That's the nice thing about trading one asset or one asset class. I trade two. I trade crypto and indices, but I'm really trading indices for the most part.
You can actually go back and look at these things. And that's how you're going to become. And I guess to answer this question from zero, how do they become a better trader? That kind of stuff. The shit that nobody wants to do. People probably think I'm bullshitting that. I really do that, right? I have in my bio on Twitter, I have the whole journal set up, everything you can use. Same exact thing I use.
That's what's going to separate you from being a good trader to being, you know, a fucking really, really good trader. And I'm not even saying like I'm to where I want to be or anything like that. But I am saying that my trading leveled up expeditiously when I started to look at it like a business. So if I'm running a business, I want to know my numbers. You know, you don't just run a business and have no idea what you're paying for stuff and have no idea what you're paying people and how much time you're spending.
working and this and that you know what kind of person will run a business and not know their numbers and then it kind of comes back to like is this a business to you or is this just a hobby and uh most of the time people always say it's a business but they don't treat it like a business so again your second question you said um let's see there's some more actually um
When you have an entry confirmation, how price moves towards your POI, can that affect its outcome? Example, price moves quickly to the imbalance versus slowly. Price closes in the imbalance versus expanding quick.
I think that it can sometimes, but I think it's one of those situational and discretional things that where your emotions are going to influence it a little bit. For instance, like if you're already kind of scared in the trade and the trade does this and like moves really volatile into your fair value gap, you might be like, oh, nope, I don't like that move. I'm out. I'm out. And then it just goes with that. Because if you are already kind of scared, you know what I mean? So I think that it's important that you have a mechanical.
process with handling that. So one thing you can do, like for instance, I know I've seen ICT do it and some of the mentorship. And like if they have two fair value gaps like this, like let's say this didn't happen and it went through both of them. He just blasted through this one. I've seen him wait until it comes back up into the second one or above it. I don't know why, but I have seen that. That's one thing I've thought about.
And usually, and again, it comes back to being okay with taking a loss. Like I know that if I wait for that 10 a.m. liquidity raid and I get long on a buy model, I know more of the times than not I'm going to win. So I don't care when I lose. I mean, I do care. I don't want to bullshit. I get upset. I'm like, fuck, man. Like, you know, I don't like losing at all. And that's my big problem is I really don't fuck with losing. Like if I have a losing day.
it makes me just like, I don't want to do anything else. Like, I'm not going to sit there and like cry about it. But I also like, for instance, I had like plans for like, you know, like, let's say I had like plans to like work on a bunch of stuff. I'm like, yeah, I'll probably do that later tonight or something. I'm not going to do it right now. So.
But you have to be okay with losing, is my point. You have to be okay with taking the risk, I should say, and accepting it. You have to just accept that I know my model works, I'm going to get in, and if it fucks me, it fucks me. Let the market do the work.
Somebody said, would that return to the fair value gap still be a valid entry point if you missed the original? If you're talking about the signal that I put, now I deleted the signal. I didn't delete it, but I told people to cancel it just because it already reverted to a premium. Let me show you. If we look at our range in the morning, it already reverted to a premium. Yes, it did not clean up all the internal liquidity, but again, just like we said before, what is price doing? It's moving from...
Sorry, from external liquidity, which we took over here.
to internal liquidity, which we took right here to external liquidity. Now, I'm not saying it's for sure going to go down here, but that would be normal because the target, the first target was this high. Because remember, again, external, internal, external, then it's going to come back to equilibrium of whatever move it makes and so on. And that's just the nature of the algorithm. And it's going to always be operating in the context of the higher timeframe. So for instance,
We might look at NQ and say, hmm, well, the higher timeframe to me is screaming. Oh, I thought it took it for a second. I have a drawing. I was like, wait, what? The higher timeframe for me on NQ, oops, wrong tool, is telling me this is getting taken. So that would also maybe align with, yes, you see what I mean? And I don't think that the market makers would let people just literally snipe the bottom like that. I really don't.
That would be pretty fun. I mean, who knows? They could, but you know. So that's the reason I wouldn't leave it because there's a high probability that price does just push through and would blast right through it. Because that little area right there, like the tool we're using, the smart money reversal here, that already did its job. Because its job was we were trying to catch that revert to premium. So I said, what would I recommend for someone who is willing to learn and trade? I would recommend you to...
I don't know how much you've watched already, but you can watch a lot of my YouTube. You can watch ICT's YouTube and really just paper trade. You can go on a trading view. If you go to trading panel right here and you got a paper trader right there, you can connect it, learn how to trade and just really immerse yourself in this space.
I don't want to encourage unhealthy amounts of screen time, but I'll just be honest with you. You got to want it bad to do good at this, and it takes a while. So don't expect overnight. And if you're doing it because you need to make money right now, go ahead and get that out of your head. What's something I need to improve the most? Always psychology. Psychology, 100%.
Oh, I'm sorry. You said ES trades yesterday that I didn't move to break even. Let me answer this other question first and I'll go back to it. But yeah, like I have no problem saying like my biggest problem still is trading psychology. Now, I'm not going to say it's like a terrible problem where I'm like, you know, it's ruining my trading. Like I'm a funded trader and I'm profitable, but I still do have battles with trading psychology related errors. Like I was talking about, for instance, last week, let me see if I even have it. I might still have, or not last week, it was this week.
Let me see if I still have any of these long positions. I can show you exactly where I got screwed. Not up there. Not there. That was a paper trade. I don't want people to think I took that. I just was showing people yesterday. Oh, I think this is it. Maybe. Actually, no, no, I don't know. This might be a different one. Yeah, this is it right here. This is actually it.
My entry was a little skewed. This was just me kind of like measuring my stop loss. My entry with my spread was more something like this. And I took this trade. It went up. And I was like, oh, fuck. I didn't want to lose. I was just scared to lose. You know what I mean? Like, fuck. Man, I don't want to lose. So I put my stock to break even. What did I do? It literally pipped me and immediately, expediently ran to the full profit target. I think this has actually moved. My target, I know, was...
pretty i'm pretty sure it was these highs i remember i don't know why because i remember it was more than a two hour trade
I don't think it was that one, actually. I can't remember. And there was another one like this that I did the same thing. So that's a psychological error, right? It's because why did I do that? Because I was scared to take a loss. I know better than that. I know that now that this smart money reversal has occurred down here, I know that the algorithm is trying to take price back up. Now, it can come down and take out lows. It could have came down.
far way farther it could have did this went all the way down here took this low went into this order buck then it could have done that and my ta was still not invalidated but yet i was so scared to take a loss that i made a technical error right
So that's a great example of my biggest problem is either moving stops up too early, taking profits too early. I'll execute. I'm not scared to get in. I never have a problem executing. But the management, that's the only problem that I ever notice that I'm trying to work on. ES trade yesterday that I didn't move to break even.
Um...
Let me go on a replay. I was like, what? Oh, this trade. So what was the question? Would that return? Yeah, yeah. So that actually would have been a second entry point, like where it came back down. That could have literally just been another entry. And that's exactly why, you know, you can completely just destroy yourself by stop breaking your stop losses. For instance, you could have just looked at it like, okay, because I got in pretty quickly. You could have looked at this whole little move as the, you know,
swing the displacement swing and then you know here your fair value gap right there right in there so you know yeah you could have looked at that as a second entry point that's exactly a lot of times you get stopped at a break entry it is just a second entry point especially trading supply and demand like people that trade like choach and then you break even your stop literally it's just coming back to the newly introduced demand half the time um oh anonymous i just saw you um posted this
So he said, oh, yeah, anonymous. Listen to anonymous. He said part of building an impervious mindset when I was talking about psychology said join play bit to learn. There's a link in the bio where it's free trial. That way you don't got to you don't got to put nothing down to see what's up. Just come look around the server if you don't like it. Sayonara. So what videos of ICT do I recommend to watch? Honestly, the 2022 mentorship, because I like the 2016 mentorship.
But it's way more complicated. And like I watched it multiple times and didn't understand it. Not all of it. I watched a lot of it where I was like, what the fuck? This is a long time ago. But the 2022 is a little bit easier to digest. What are the three candles needed for fair value gap? Okay, great. It's a good question. So a fair value gap is just a three candle formation where we have. Let's do this. Let me edit it. Sorry.
it up higher i think he's actually not bad for like epic design if you um if you let it be here i'm gonna hide this previous week's eq for a second so let's say that there is a um a gap between candles and i'll show you a real example here too and delete this actually i'm making this way more complicated than it needs to be but i'm gonna keep doing the way i'm doing it i don't know why i made a fourth candle
Right here. I'm going to do this so I don't confuse people because it is just three candles that are required. So let's say you have this right here. So notice there is a gap between these wicks. So think of this as it has to be filled at some point. Maybe not immediately, but at some point, price is going to come down in here and fill this gap. Now, why is it going to do that?
When we're looking at price and we're talking about moving from internal to external liquidity, let's say that there was an old high right here. And there's external liquidity up here at this high. We're just saying that this is extended out from some previous point in time. So we now have a range.
Remember, price travels from external liquidity. It's going to tap that. Now we have a range. So now it's going to travel back internal liquidity, inside of a range, back to external liquidity. Now, the reason why it's going to travel back here is because there's orders here. So let's say that...
You know, smart money pushed price up very aggressively and by spamming orders in the market and the price was moving so inefficiently that only this liquidity was being offered to the marketplace. Only buy side. So there's going to be orders down resting in this candle. So when price comes back down, gets close to it, it's going to get magnetized into it. Think of that like a draw right here. It's pulling price down because price is just moving to where there are orders.
That's the reason the numbers move on your screen is because it's bouncing between areas where there's order flow. So price moves back down where there's orders. Once those orders are filled, it creates another inefficiency between supply and demand and price does what? Seeks external liquidity. So I hope that was a good explanation.
Am I interested in any potential Forex swings? I'm not going to lie. I'm not really interested in a lot of Forex right now just because there's so much fucking crazy shit going on that in the world right now that Forex is really, I'm not saying, people are killing it. I'm just, I see the clearest and best opportunities in indices. And I like the time of day. I'm on New York time. So for me, I can wake up, exercise, have breakfast.
and get to my desk in time, and then I'm done also by the afternoon, so I can kind of manage my time a little better. How long is a trial? It is five days. Just use code CASPER, it's all caps, that way you get it.
So he said, Casper seems to be doing really well, applying ICT concepts to crypto. Yeah, I mean, we haven't been trading crypto, to be quite honest, very often lately. Oh, Bitcoin's flying. But, holy shit. But we traded this over here, the full target. I think it was somewhere around this. It was like a 3R trade. But we traded that, and it was very satisfying to see the trade immediately move from our entry. That was a nice trade we took.
Crypto lately, I won't lie, has just not been very clean, I guess I would say. This is actually really good. It looks nice. I just wasn't watching. We'll recap this. So we came down close to that weekly open. We've got...
A gap. Oh, fuck. Let me do that. But a gap right there. It's similar to the S&P, right? The lows in the New York Session took them. Let me see what it did in the one minute. This is why I don't really... It's just not as clean. Like, I mean, looking back in hindsight, we see it. Like, for sure, you can see the entry.
It definitely is there, but it's just not as clean to me. It would have been a better trade, to be honest, as far as how much money you made, probably.
I've actually thought about getting another screen and when I trade ES, seeing if there's a good trade on crypto. But because I really mainly my strategy with crypto is I'm trading the 15 minute time frame. I'm not really on these lower time frames like I do the S&P. But if you look, I mean, you know, we know that the S&P, the NASDAQ and Bitcoin are all very correlated. And I would say that more Bitcoin is correlated on them.
So whenever we have a bullish narrative in the stock market, you oftentimes have a bullish narrative in the crypto market. And the thing that kind of sucks about crypto is you can have a bullish narrative in crypto or you think you do, and then the stock market will decimate you because, you know, we're talking about an asset that has a $500 million market cap. Now, I know that sounds like a lot of money, but in the grand scheme of things, that's not. So this is kind of dependent on indices.
Nice move though today. Overall on corn, it's kind of like the NASDAQ. I'm just hanging out on it. I'm not really pressed to trade. I think the ES has given the best price action and the best delivery. I really would like this low to be taken or us to travel up above these highs again. And that's what I built the narrative last time. I said, okay, when we come up with these equal highs, I'll look for a trade. That happened. We got a trade. So that's my strategy with crypto. I don't sit there and watch it all day because like,
Sometimes it gives really good setups and then other times it doesn't. And I don't think it's as efficient or clean of price action. And I also trade on a Forex funded broker. So my spreads are not the greatest. So I have to have a really good setup for me to want to participate. Now, I'm just going to send an alert for this. Now, this is where I would be interested. Again, if we come back down to this massive gap.
Drawing lines everywhere. There we go. If we come back down to this massive gap right here, or back up, I should say, yeah, I'll be a little bit more interested. Why? Because we'll have RAN liquidity on a higher timeframe. We've got a very clear target, and it's going to be something I can operate at the 15-minute chart, so my spreads are not going to be that bad.
You said the trade crypto, but it did not help. It'll help. Like, I mean, first of all, those of you who watched for a while know that I recommend, like, because if you can get your money on a crypto, like a no KYC exchange, you can get your bread on a Forex broker and start trying to learn to trade indices. I tell people all the time, look, I came from trading crypto. I didn't touch anything except crypto for the first almost two years probably I traded.
I didn't even think about it, but I will tell you that you are wasting your talent and your time only watching crypto. I promise you. Look at this. There's not much going on here. You know what I mean? Especially like Ethereum. I was looking at Ethereum and I was like, this shit has not even done anything. Look at that. I don't know, man. I think the higher time frame setups are better. As an asset's market cap dwindles and diminishes away,
Remember, we're trying to use concepts that are used to identify institutional sponsorship. So we're looking for signs and signals that have big forces at play. And the smaller the market gets, the less big forces are there. Now, Bitcoin, I'm not saying is not manipulative, but somebody said go to indices or Forex. I would recommend indices for sure. No question. Like no question at all.
I love trading indices. It's cut out for you. You know exactly what times you're looking for stuff. It trades very well in the New York session. I know exactly what I'm looking for. I know my hours I'm going to be trading. It just works a lot better with my lifestyle because crypto is like, I say this, these highs might get ran at Bitcoin. We're talking about that might happen at 4 a.m. and give it a, you know what I mean? So I think that just watching crypto.
you try to i don't know and and here's the thing when it's moving nicely there's great trades i'm not saying it never does but don't just sit there and watch it because if we look over the last how long is this the last 33 days there's been really two good moves it's just kind of like you know like really like let's look at come on now you know like where's the volatility at this is what i want to be active in i want to be in fast markets not that's just sitting there
Is it the only option that you got is to trade crypto? I mean, I'm not going to lie to you. I just don't see how that would be because if you can get money on a crypto broker, you can use crypto to put it on. There are Forex brokers like Prosperity accepts crypto. There are tons of Forex brokers that do your research and make sure it's a safe broker, but there's a lot of brokers that accept you to deposit with Bitcoin. But if you're only going to trade crypto, my advice is don't look at anything except Bitcoin and Ethereum.
And you apply the same way because price action is price action. Again, we're just trying to focus. I see so many people like looking at like fucking, you know, I don't even know some crazy ass. Yeah, Prime. There you go. Prime XBT does everything. And I didn't know KYC either. But, you know, it's like I'll see people that are watching like.
the like skl or some random shit coin and it's like bro like you're you're literally wasting your time trying to do that it'll work every once in a while but also anonymous let's recap this trade i'm sorry it took a while let me open the other one too so i can see the full view nice looks like you're using that play bit ema yeah we got indicators too no but um play bit ama came up into it nice little rejection
Yeah, I guarantee in the lower timeframes, this was a market maker sell like French. This was gonna be your consolidation expansion Smart money reversal happened right here. Probably left a fair value gap entry and then down
And price is fractal. So once you understand the concept of what's going on, you're able to look at it from a perspective of understanding it rather than, you know, why is there no fair value gap right there? You know what I mean? You know what's happening. It's the shift of weak hands to strong hands. Smart money reversal.
On that note guys, I am gonna hop off here. I'm actually watching my friends two dogs and they're looking at me like they want to go out so Yeah, I really appreciate you guys good stream If you guys want to pop in the server just use code Casper It's at the bottom of the screen and the bio you could just use All caps Casper and get a free trial for five days if you don't like it head out, but
Yeah, guys, I'll see you all tomorrow. We'll be streaming at 4 p.m. because we're going to recap the whole week. And after that, we'll only have the private class that's going to be in the Discord. So if you guys want to be there for that, go ahead and sign up and at me once you get in the server. But I will see the rest of you guys later. Peace.
