In this video, I'm going to teach you everything there is to know about ICT in less than two hours. This is going to be a full course teaching you everything from market structure to time and price, market maker models and everything in between. My name is Jesse and in the last few years, I have went from blowing accounts and losing money to making life changing money and being able to scale past $100,000 per month as a day trader.
When it comes to learning ICT, there is so much overcomplicated jargon and most of it really doesn't even matter. So what I did was I put together what actually matters into this video and I'm going to teach it to you all here right now for free. This is education that people charge money for, but I'm giving it to you right now all for free. So please make sure to pay close attention, put away your phone and take notes. I'm going to go over everything there is for you to learn ICT. So let's go ahead and hop on a chart. This video is going to piece together.
everything that you've learned about ict into an easy to follow and simple strategy that you can actually use in order to trade because as with ict as you can see there is a lot we're going to be going over everything from market structure fair value gaps liquidity order blocks breaker blocks time and price daily bias market maker models smt divergence and then how to put it all together so this is going to be a long video guys this is going to replace most of the education that these guys are you know selling as a course they just make it more over complicated
and long than it needs to be and while ict is valuable 80 of what you learn going through all the content you'll never use so what i've done is taken everything that i've learned over the last couple years and stuff that i've used to make over seven figures and put it into an easy to digest actionable free course so let's go ahead and get started the first thing we're going to talk about is structure
okay so of course what is structure why do we use it and how do we use it so some of you guys are going to already know this that's fine feel free to move forward in the video but i challenge you to watch this because i guarantee there's something that you may have thought you knew but you actually don't so what is market structure many of you know this but it is just highs and lows in the market okay now the key is knowing which highs and lows to select and which highs and lows to pay attention to
You have to have a practical method of finding them. Otherwise, you're going to be paying attention to every single high or low on the chart. Now, why is market structure important? Well, market structure is going to be the foundation of your analysis, okay? Everything that you use is going to be used in context of market structure. This is going to be involved in every single concept in some way or form, and most people still somehow do it completely wrong. You see, if you're just using candle closes or you're just using
you know, which highs and lows are being made to map market structure, I can go ahead and guarantee you that your trading will be very, very hard and you're going to have low probability setups. So first I want to talk about a concept called manipulation and displacement. Now this is what really made trading click for me because everything that you're doing with ICT revolves around one thing, right? That is that we are trying to figure out where smart money is going to trade. So in a range, if we have market structure forming, okay.
and then we want to determine which way that the market is actually going to move, it's not going to be just every time a new high or low is made, okay? It's whenever the market is taking out liquidity, right? The whole idea of being an ICT trader or a smart money trader is learning to trade with the smart money. So let's just say smart money wants to get active in the market right here. Well, smart money is going to need a lot of liquidity in order to get active. So what they will do is they will manipulate the market to where stop losses are.
usually under the low of a range or a very clean low oftentimes with key levels like fair value gaps below it or breaker blocks or order blocks and we're going to get into that later in the video but they're going to manipulate price to an area where there's liquidity so if the market just barely taps into an old low right if it barely taps into it it doesn't close or even if it closes a candle just beyond it but it doesn't displace it doesn't create any fair value gaps it doesn't create a forceful push
through the low, not just to it, but through the low or the high, and then it starts to reverse, that is manipulation. Anytime we see manipulation, we expect the market to move in the opposite direction. Because if the market is being manipulated, right, we all know that the markets are manipulated, we can all agree on that, whether or not you agree with all the ICT stuff. But if markets are manipulated, then we're going to want to fade the manipulation or trade against it. So if we deem a price like manipulation, what we're going to do is look for reversal.
to the opposing liquidity. Now let's just say if the market manipulates a low or a high, and then we start displacing, right? Displacing means exactly the definition of the word, just displacing a very big energetic push through structure. So let's say if the market pushes through structure, it's going to create fair value gaps. And once the market returns those fair value gaps,
we can expect it to continue as long as the market is displacing. So understanding what structure the market is manipulating and what structure is being displaced gives you everything you need to know in terms of directional bias. Now, this is also known as internal range liquidity to external. And we're going to talk about that later in the daily bias part of this video. And just going to go ahead and throw this out there. If I say a term that you don't know, go ahead and rest assured because it will be covered in this video. I'm going to go over.
everything a to z that you need in order to trade profitably with ict so to review manipulation legs fail to displace or push rapidly beyond structure and displacement legs well they displace or push rapidly through structure if you get manipulation you're going to look for reversal so notice right here the market pushed up through a high and we did not form any fair value gaps we didn't get a real energetic push and what happened the market reversed now notice the reaction with this low
The market displaced through it, creating a fair value gap right there. And it continued, right? The market, whenever it displaces, it's going to continue, okay? Until we get manipulation, like we got right here. And then what happens? The market reverses. Not only do we get manipulation, but we got displacement. See how we created a fair value gap right there. So you can pair these two concepts together to get extremely high probability trades and understand which way the market's going. I mean, just look how consistently this works. We get displacement, we create a fair value gap.
boom displacement we create a fair value gap the market does what continues at least through that next high that's all you're looking for now as soon as the market starts manipulating like it did right here it didn't form a fair value gap we can then expect a possible reversal now you can go on lower time frames and view this little bit of price action and what you're going to see is a displacement to the downside on the lower time frames right now this is how you're going to use structure
to get bias and to confirm other ideas. Because at the end of the day, that's really our job as ICT traders or really any kind of trading is you have, you know, your key level, which you're expecting as support or resistance, and then you're using some kind of confirmation method.
Our confirmation method is going to be manipulation plus displacement. Now, if you just use one or the other, it's lower probability. And at the end of the day, we want to make sure that we're taking the highest probability setups. And not only are we going to pair manipulation and displacement together, we're going to pair it with other concepts like fair value gaps, time and price, and numerous other things that we're going to talk about in this video to get the highest probability than when used alone. Now, this is where most ICT traders struggle is because they know all these concepts, but they don't know how to put it together. And that is what inspired me to put this video together.
So you just have the one video to kind of finish everything off and to put everything that you've learned together. If you want to download this entire board all for free, that way you have all of the examples, you have the mind map, all of the eBooks and everything, then go ahead and click the link down in the description and download it right now for free. Next, we're going to talk about a concept called impulse structure. Impulse structure is structure that forms with displacement and fair value gaps. Now I want you to go ahead and repeat after me.
Not all structure is created equally. Okay. If you notice in this example over here, notice how the market has these big displacement legs. We're going to imagine there's a fair value gap here. There's a displacement. We pushed rapidly through a low. We're going to imagine there's another fair value gap there. But then look at this structure right here. Like the market's making higher highs.
but it's not very rapid. It's not really pushing through. So that is manipulation. And we're not gonna even consider that structure. In fact, the only structure you're gonna consider is going to be the current impulse because that tells you what the market is reaching for. When the market is displacing and pushing forcefully, it is reaching for something. And when the market is manipulating and it's not pushing forcefully, it's usually just grabbing stop losses only to reverse, okay? So this red right here, this is the higher timeframe. Now, the green is gonna be what the lower timeframe looks like.
on every retracement into an impulse so we have impulse right here creating a fair value gap we're just going to imagine there's a big fair value gap the market's pushing into and then on the lower time frame you're going to use this impulse structure paired with other concepts we're going to talk about to dictate when the market is likely to reverse and continue on the impulse because like we talked about if the market impulses right if this market impulse is right here
Whenever we come down, we're expecting it to do that again. We're expecting to continue. Because remember, displacement equals continuation. So if we know that, we can use the lower timeframes and use things like market maker models and internal and external range liquidity to get daily bias and find trade setups. But the foundation of all of this is understanding manipulation and displacement along with impulse structure.
Always remember that higher timeframe impulses equal many lower timeframe impulses. Okay. It's going to be a lot of noise and a lot of structure in that lower timeframe. That's why it's important. You always use it in context of what the higher timeframe is telling you. Okay. Extremely, extremely important. Now I want you to not even pay attention to any structure that isn't manipulation versus displacement or viewed as an impulse. So for example, the impulses here would be this, right?
and then this none of this right none of this has even paid attention to you're in fact just looking to sell above the highs with confirmations that we're going to talk about later in the putting it all together part of this video but you're going to be just looking to sell above highs since the overall impulse is bearish now we're going to use another tool called premium and discount to determine where the market is likely to reverse we're going to go over that in just a second
But I want you to always remember that all trends come to an end and the way that we're going to gauge when impulses are likely to retrace or likely to expand is going to be a mix of premium and discount and then something called internal and external range liquidity. So I want you to think about this. If trading is a business, then candles are your product. Now, if you have a product, do you want to sell it for a premium or do you want to sell it for a discount? Obviously, you want to sell it for a premium.
Now, if you want to buy your product, do you want to buy it for premium pricing or do you want to buy it for a discount? Pretty obvious, right? But people don't think about this when they're trading because they're impulsive. So I want you to always take out your fib tool and mark out your impulse structure and pay attention to that 0.5 value. The settings you're going to need in order to do this are found right here.
And this is in trading view. You just go to the FIB retracement tool, and then you just mark these settings. And what that's going to give you is a tool that looks like this. It's just drawing the midpoint of a range. Anything below that is a discount. That's where you'd look to buy if the range is bullish. And anything above it is a premium. Now, just because we have premium and discount doesn't mean it's always going to be sell, sell, sell from premium.
or buy and discount. You have to use the context, right? Notice how the market is bullish, right? The market's moving up. So we're looking to buy in a discount. And if you are scalping selling anywhere down here, you'd be very weary to do so once we get closer to that midpoint. Because again, remember, every trend comes to an end and using premium discount gives us a high probability of being able to determine where that trend will come to an end. All right. So let's go ahead and talk about fair value gaps. So we're going to talk about what they are.
why we use them and we're going to go over a simple and easy to use strategy because most of what you've learned is way over complicated and unnecessary first off a fair value gap is just a three candle formation with an expansive middle candle causing a gap between the wicks of candle one and candle three so in this example we'd have candle one right then we'd have candle two and candle three now notice this middle expansive candle leaves a gap between this wick of candle one
And this wick of candle two or I'm sorry, candle three.
Same right here. Candle one, two, candle three, and there's a gap. It's just the gap that that big expansion leaves. Now we expect the market to return to this level. And if in context of impulse structure, we expect it to move up and we can use lower timeframes to confirm this. That's where we're going to get into market maker models earlier, but right now just focus on impulse structure and fair value gaps. I want you to remember that fair value gaps show displacement. This is a reoccurring term you're going to hear me use. And if you've been a part of my audience for any amount of time, you know,
that displacement is a big part of my trading and the reason that i think it's so important is because it eliminates half of the noise and it's going to eliminate half of the bad trades that you take i mean just think if you were able to eliminate even half of the stupid mistakes you make as a trader how much more profitable would you be you're welcome for your daily dose of pain but you need to think like that because that is what trading is at the end of the day is just eliminating errors more so than trying to add on you know higher profits or higher returns it's always about refining
And fair value gaps and displacement are going to help us do exactly that. So what they do is they show a desire to move further, okay? We can use fair value gaps for everything from higher timeframe levels, directional bias, trade entries, and stop losses. And I want you to understand that some fair value gaps have a higher probability of continuing than others. As with anything in trading, nothing is 100%. And in fact, just because this is a fair value gap doesn't mean that it's high probability. And in fact, neither of these are. They're actually both very low probability.
Now, the reason I chose these and now I'm telling you that is to show you that you can have a concept and it's still be lower probability. So many times do I see traders figure out a new concept and then every time it pops up on the screen, they want to go and trade it and wonder why it's not working every time. And that's just because they don't understand trading and they don't understand that trading is a game of probability. So you're going to be stacking different things, aka confluences together in order to get higher probability.
So why do we use fair value gaps? Well, number one, going back to our example of displacement, right? Fair value gaps show us displacement. Like we talked about before, we need a fair value gap to confirm a big push in the market and to confirm that the market is going to continue. Now, another concept that I've hinted at was internal range liquidity to external range liquidity. These are just abbreviations. So notice how the market is going to be moving from one of two things, okay? It's either going to be moving into a high, right, like this, and whenever it turns around, it's going to move into
a fair value gap which is internal liquidity and from there it's likely to move back to a high and it will continue on this course until the market is going to reverse usually the market reverses when we don't have fair value gaps for example look right here the market moved from external liquidity right there where did it go internal in this fair value gap went to external but then notice there is no fair value gap here so then the market reverses and goes to external range liquidity now fair value gaps are used to define internal range liquidity
And they're also extremely valuable whenever you're trying to find bias. And if you've been trading ICT for any amount of time, you understand that daily bias is 100% the hardest and most subjective part of this whole ideology. But we're going to talk about how to simplify that as well later in the video. For now, I just want you to understand that the market is going to be moving from fair value gaps to highs.
and back and forth and back and forth now lower time frames like we talked about with the impulse structure in this example this is a visualization of us moving from those fair value gaps back to external range liquidity we're going to use something called market maker models to determine how to trade this later in the video let's talk about some strategies on how to select which fair value gaps are high probability versus the lower probability now if you notice right here these are the examples that i showed you earlier in the video now
There's going to be something called a lack of consistency here. But what does that mean? Well, I want you to take a look at these high probability fair value gaps first. Notice how in this fair value gap right here, all of the candles are down candles, right? We have a down candle right there, a down candle right there, and a down candle right there. That shows displacement. The market is moving in one direction. This is a one-sided fair value gap, and it is going to be higher probability due to that, okay?
Now, if we're looking at any fair value gap, we always want to make sure that it's either one-sided or we have a break in structure gap, which we're going to talk about in a second. Now, if you have both of these, it's even higher probability, okay? So notice right here, we have an up candle, up candle, up candle. That's a one-sided gap. Up candle, up candle, up candle. That's a one-sided gap, okay? So one-sided gaps are consistent in the type of candles. They're all either up close or down close. This shows that the market is consistently reaching in one direction.
Now, the reason that this is important, again, displacement, right? Everything comes back to displacement if you look at it in the right way. And obviously, these have a higher probability to continue than other fair value gaps. Let's talk about a lack of consistency or two-sided gaps. There are going to be indecisive candles, meaning they might have some up close and some down close. This is showing a lack of display, so the market is kind of just inching. And even though there's a fair value gap, it's not really...
confident in its direction, right? The market isn't really pushing. It's not that one side of displacement you want to see when the market is high probability and moving in one direction. Your job as a trader, I'm going to reiterate this throughout this entire course, is to understand when you have higher probability conditions, okay? Every tool in your arsenal is just doing that. That's what a trading model is because nothing is 100%. So all you're trying to do is get the best odds.
So I want to drill into your head that you need to do everything you can in order to refine and weed out the bad trades. Okay. So this shows a lack of displacement and they have a low probability to continue. And you can reverse engineer this idea. If you have inconsistency gaps and maybe an impulse down like this, you can pair those two things together as a confluence to look for lower pricing to probably trade into liquidity. Okay.
Another big thing that I want you to learn is how to reverse engineer concepts, because if you understand, oh, well, this is low probability, you know, I'm not going to buy here. Well, if you're not going to buy, there's a good chance that there's a selling opportunity. Now you want to make sure to pair it with other concepts like impulses right here. We have that impulse with displacement and numerous other things you're going to learn in this video, and it's going to open up a whole new world of opportunity.
Next, let's go ahead and talk about break and structure gaps or BSGs. So break and structure gaps are extremely important and they're a tool that's going to help you determine whether or not the market is going to continue on its displacement. Even if it's an old break and structure gap with old structure, you want to pay attention because that fair value gap took structure, right? It was a candle that broke structure. So it's very, very important. It pushed us across a line at one time. So if the market comes into this fair value gap and it's a one-sided gap, look at this, we have
down candle, down candle, down candle. That would be two times the probability. Now, I'm not saying every fair value gap that is a break in structure gap will work. And in fact, if they get inverted, which we're going to talk about inverting fair value gaps later, they get inverted, you can actually use that as a tool to trade in the opposite direction. Because if the market is going to continue, this fair value gap should hold. So if we can pair together having both one side of gaps and
break and structure gaps, those are the highest probability fair value gaps, okay? You can just have either only a one-sided gap or only a break and structure gap and it work, but the higher probability is when you combine them together. That's another concept that I wanna push into your mind is that if you combine things together, you're gonna have more confluence or more confidence in a trade or a bias or whatever you're trying to draw out on the chart. Just like we just talked about, a failed break and structure gap, if we invert it,
Notice how we closed above it. At that time, you can immediately look for the market to trade higher, okay? Immediately look for the market to trade up into the liquidity beyond that fair value gap because if the market was bearish, we should not have inverted that, okay? You can see right here when the market inverted that, the market then uses it as a level of support and then trades higher, okay? Now, inflection points are another confluence you can use by extending out the structure that was taken and seeing how the market reacts at that level.
This is something that you want to use. Think of it like sauce on your meal. It's not the main course. It's just something that you're going to sprinkle on or add for extra confluences, okay? I don't want you guys to get too crazy with inflection points and just draw them out and only use this, but they're just an extra confluence to use if they are coinciding with other levels. So all this is is extending out the structure that was broken with the break and structure gap. Now let's talk about inverted fair value gaps, and these are extremely powerful, okay?
an inverted fair value gap is simply when the market closes or inverts a fair value gap there's an old saying that ict used to say it was that the wicks do the damage and the bodies tell the story now what does that mean well in a fair value gap it is okay to see wicks into it that doesn't mean anything that the fair value gap is going to fail it's even okay to see a body close inside of it but if a body closes outside of it like this
the market is likely switching direction. Now we're going to talk about how to use this as an entry strategy, how to use this as a bias strategy and everything in between. To increase the probability of an inverted fair value gap, look for them to occur at two-sided gaps since we're already expecting those to fail or at break in structure gaps because those should hold. Now another thing you can do is look for them after sweeps of liquidity like we were talking about. Let's say if you have a manipulation. You have a manipulation and you don't want to have to wait for this whole displacement to happen.
Let's say you get an inverted fair value gap, but you haven't really got a displacement. Well, you can use that in place of the displacement because it's just something that is helping you rationalize that the market is likely going to trade lower. So if you had this plus displacement, it would be even higher probability, okay? You can stack these things or use them interchangeably. Now, when an inverted fair value gap is confirmed, look for the opposing liquidity. So let's say when this fair value gap was inverted, we formed liquidity there, the market traded up, traded lower.
okay now if you want to pair this with your overall higher time frame like if we're looking here let's just say the market had inverted a fair value gap right here well if the market inverted that let's say it closed a candle right there okay at that time you didn't just have to look for this opposing liquidity you could pair it with your overall higher time frame impulse to look all the way up here and you can see that that's a massive difference in terms of your overall target and the amount of money you can make off that trade
all right so now let's talk about liquidity this is something that gets over complicated and i'm going to simplify it into really all you need to know we're going to talk about what it is why and how to actually use it so liquidity definitively is the ease at which an asset can be bought or sold remember we were talking about the example up here if you're a large market participant let's say wants to buy a gazillion shares right here and they're not for sale we're going to have to manipulate the market down to where they are
Because there's ease of buying down here. There are enough shares or enough contracts or whatever you're trying to buy if you're a market maker. There are enough of that down here for sale in a liquidity pool, right? There's a pool of liquidity, okay? So that is what liquidity is. Now, why is it important? Well, if we are trading smart money concepts or ICT, we're trying to trade as the smart money. And where would the smart money buy in a bullish market? Well, they wanna buy from sellers, right? They have to push the market.
where there are sellers which is going to be under lows okay so if we are bullish based on other things that we're doing in on the chart to form bias then we want to buy under lows aka sell side liquidity sell side liquidity just means under lows okay now in a bearish market we want to sell to buyers right where are there going to be buyers well there's going to be breakout buyers if the market moves above a range the people are going to try to buy the breakout but more importantly there's going to be people who are shorting but then they get stopped out
And that is the equivalent to a buy. So if you're bearish, you want to sell above highs. And if you're bullish, you want to buy below lows. Now you can apply this concept in a myriad of different ways. For example, whenever the market is impulsing up, remember we had these examples where there's not really any structure we want to pay attention to. Those are the lows that you want to buy under. Okay. Going back to this example, which we're going to revisit a couple of times.
Let's say if you were bearish in this market right here, you would be looking to sell above these kind of highs because the impulse is bearish. So anytime you're popping above structure, sell above that high and then ride it down to the next low. Vice versa, if you were bullish right here because the market is impulsing up, you would look to buy below lows because you want to buy below lows. Ideally in key levels like fair value gaps or any of the other levels like order blocks or breaker blocks that we're going to talk about here in just a minute. So back to this example of internal and external range liquidity.
We're not going to sit here too long because we already went over this, but external range liquidity is just going to be highs or lows. Internal range liquidity is fair value gaps. Okay. Very simple. The market is moving to one or the other at all times. You can go from the top down in order to get a clear bias. You always want to start at a higher timeframe, like a weekly, and then move down until you have clear bias. Okay. All right. Now let's talk about order blocks.
A lot of people, including myself, whenever I first got introduced into trading ICT or SMC, got introduced through order blocks. They get introduced through supply and demand and all of these high, super high risk reward strategies. And most of that is just complete BS. Okay. And I'm going to crack the code on how you can actually use order blocks and how to properly use them as an ICT trader. We're going to talk about what they are, why to use them, and also how to use them with a couple.
different strategies, one of which I came up with on my own after spending years and years in front of the chart. So what are order blocks? Well, order blocks are candles formed just before expansive moves in price that can be later used as a level to trade from. So if the market is trending down, and let's just say you have an up close candle right here, this is an up close candle. If the market is still bearish, you should find resistance on that candle.
So you can use this as a level to trade from. Let's say if you were in a trade from above, you could trail your stop above it. There's a lot of different uses we can use order blocks for. That's why they're important in what they are. So in a bullish market, it's gonna be down closed candles. And in a bearish market, it's gonna be up closed candles. Ideally ones that occur before a fair value gap and they occur before a displacement because a displacement is everything. A level should provide displacement if it's gonna be respected, all right? So let's break this down a little bit further.
so order blocks are going to be critical price ranges where institutions engage or buying or selling against retail trends okay so remember we talked about taking out liquidity so if if the overall institutional bias is bullish right the big dogs want to push price under a low they're going to have to sell and create that manipulation in order to do so so
If the market pushes all the way down here and they're selling, they're going to be in sales that are underwater because their main position is buys. Let's say they're 20% in sales right here and then 80% of their books are net long. So when the market gets pushed up, they still are underwater on these sales. So when the market comes back to those areas where they're in sales, they're going to mitigate their losses and close those sell orders, which then in turn creates a bullish reaction. That's the why and how order blocks work.
so it's going to be the lowest candle with a down close that has the most range between the open and the close so ideally we want to just use the body all right it's just mapped out to map this candle just to show you that's this candle but you want to use the body so the open to the close and you want to find the one that has the largest body before a move up in price also notice how there are fair value gaps created after it that shows displacement away from it okay now in a bearish market it's literally the same thing just the opposite it's going to be an up close candle okay
so let's look at some more examples we have a support level that is taken out so liquidity was swept and the market starts to push up and create fair value gaps after the order block okay so taking a look at another example the market comes into a support level consolidates a little bit then it starts displacing creating fair value gaps so it's displacing away from the level and then when the market trades back into that level we get a reaction
So you can use this as just a level of support or resistance. You could use it to trail a stop loss under it. There's a lot of different uses for an order block, especially once you understand market maker models, because once you understand market maker models, everything is unlocked in trading and you understand which way the market's flowing and you understand where exactly to put your stop. You understand how to trail your stop. And we're going to get into that here in a little bit. I want to get too far ahead of myself. So we'll look at some more examples right here.
We have the market trading up into this high and then displacing to the downside, trading back up into it and then moving away. And we have more examples right here. And remember, if you want to download this board so you have all of it and can come back to it later, the link is down in the description. All right. So now let's talk about a fascinating concept that I came up with after watching tens of thousands of candles print over the last eight years that I've been trading.
so this is what i call a manipulation block all right a manipulation block is just the same as an order block except it closes beyond liquidity very very important okay now it's even higher probability if the very next candle engulfs it now what is it engulfing when this candle's body engulfs this candle's body okay very very very powerful concept okay so this is going to be one of the most powerful things you will ever learn from me or ever learn
as a trader period so it's the same thing as an order block but it has to close beyond the liquidity okay because an order block does not necessarily have to close it could just sweep liquidity and pop back up and just leave a wick right there here are some examples you can use this for your study notice how the market closes below a low pushes back up and then moves to the upside now you can even draw standard deviations on this and you'll get this measured move of this candle right this exact move
usually four times after one is created now of course you want to pair this with your overall bias so for example on a higher time frame this whole leg down was an impulse right we have an impulse the market was trading lower so you're visualizing on a lower time frame and you're using it in context right now notice right here the market closed above this area right here and then extend that candle not this one right here very important not this candle
but the one that closed beyond liquidity. Now notice, anybody who is just trading this candle looking for an order block was sad and left behind. But if you map out the one that closes beyond the high, right, we can see that the candle was traded back into and there was a trade opportunity. Now you'll notice this happens over and over again, right? Here's another one right here that gets traded into, happens over and over and over again. Once you see this, you will never unsee it.
All right. So now let's go ahead and talk about breaker blocks. These are some of my favorite tools to use, especially if you're trading futures and looking to trade raids on liquidity and reversals in the New York session. We're going to talk about what they are, why we use them and how to properly map and use a breaker block. So what are breaker blocks? Well, they're going to be powerful levels in price that occur before raids on liquidity. So going back up to these examples we talked about, whenever there's a manipulation, right? There's a manipulation. There's almost always a breaker.
okay we're going to talk about how to spot them but just remember this key concept
so why are they important well they're going to occur at key times of the day when we're expecting liquidity sweeps which is very powerful because it allows us to refine when we're looking for them you only want to be looking for these during the volatile times in the day which we're going to get to later in the time section now they are especially powerful when they're linked with fair value gaps this is actually called a unicorn which ict himself said was the most powerful algorithmic i can't remember what the what the hell he actually said he said it was very powerful most powerful
a tool i'm not into all the algorithmic all that i just am here to make money a lot of it's jargon and nonsense anyways
So the breaker block, which is often mistaken for an order block if you're on the wrong side of the market, is going to form before a sweep on liquidity. So notice, let's just say, let's just look at just that over there. You would probably want to look at this as an order block, right? But it comes from not understanding the overall bias because in this market, let's just say you were bullish and your impulse was right here. You're not going to be looking for a bearish order block. You're going to be looking for bullish price action. So as soon as the market had engulfed this candle,
right? As soon as that happened, you're looking for longs and looking for higher prices, vice versa in a bearish market. Let's just say the impulse was bearish. You're going to be expecting this to fail. You wouldn't expect the market to come back into and trade higher because you're bearish. Okay. So once it does fail, think of it as like a failed order block. Once it does, you can look for the market to use that as a level to propel it further. Let's take a look at some bullish and bearish examples.
so right here we have an up close candle before a run on stops that is quickly engulfed so that level later on can be treated as a level we're going to likely trade away from now notice that it was also paired with a fair value gap that makes it a unicorn pattern which is extremely powerful now right here we have a breaker block that occurred before a sweep of lows so that is going to be a bullish breaker block you extend that out in time and after it was engulfed now pay attention
This did not activate it because the candle wasn't engulfed. The candle did not get engulfed until this candle right here. And if you notice the very next two times it traded into it after that, it yielded a bullish reaction. Very, very important that you're using engulfing. Okay. I cannot stress that enough. Another thing is you want this to be the last up close candle before a run on stops. Or if it was a bearish example, it would be the last down close candle.
before a run on stops notice there's a manipulation so another way to determine whether or not there was a run on stops is going back all the way to the first thing we talked about which is manipulation and displacement look manipulation and displacement can be used in everything you do i said that i said that at the beginning of this course i will continue to say it and i want you to always remember that just like right here we have manipulation and then what displacement so manipulation plus displacement you can look for breakers you can look for fair value gaps and you can look for any other things that you're looking for in
price but it has to be in context okay that's the most important thing I want to teach you guys so the unicorn model which is what we talked about the fair value gap you want to just make sure that we have our sweep on liquidity aka manipulation then you need a displacement creating a fair value gap okay so notice how we have a fair value gap this zone right here is now a unicorn zone it's two levels paired together now why is this so important well a lot of people I think miss the value of unicorn models
They understand that they're powerful and you can trade from them, yes. But the reason they're powerful is it's just you're combining multiple confluences in one. And a lot of ICT traders don't understand the power of just getting probability simply by how many confluences do you have? How many things do you have telling you the same thing, right? All right, now we are gonna talk about one of the most overlooked and misunderstood parts of ICT and also one of the most fascinating, which is time, okay? Time is going to do unlimited things.
for your trading in terms of refining the amount trades you're gonna take, in terms of looking for what liquidity is to be swept, in terms of looking for what kind of behavior to expect in a price session or in a day, and also to understand the overall cycle that the market is always going in, okay? We're gonna piece together a lot of concepts here. We're gonna talk about the power of three. We're gonna talk about what time-based liquidity is and everything in between. So simply put, time and price just refers to the analysis that traders can do using time.
Now, why is this important? Well, again, we're gonna be able to figure out when we're looking for certain behaviors in price, which levels to trade from, and when to expect expansion versus consolidation. Pay very close attention because this is extremely important and we're gonna be using this heavily in our putting it all together section, which is gonna be the trading plan. So first, you must understand the power of three. So the power of three is what refers to candle formation, okay? Every candle,
I want you to understand that every candle has a wick. Every candle has a body. Every candle has a wick. So let's just say if you're trying to get in on this weekly candle, you're just trying to catch the weekly expansion. Your goal is to get in on this wick. Now, what if I were to tell you that this wick is not only likely to happen, but it's likely to happen at a certain time of the week?
And you're going to be able to use time to identify which reversals are high probability in terms of being the low or the high of the week. Now you can do this with a daily candle. You could do this with a one hour candle because price is fractal and so is time. Okay. Everything you're doing should revolve around time. So we're looking for accumulation at opening prices and we're looking for manipulation on a lower timeframe than the one you're viewing the candle on to form that manipulation versus displacement at a certain time of day.
and then you're gonna be able to trade the distribution, okay? Now, opening price is also very important because if the market is forming a WIC, it's gonna have to move beyond the opening price. So paying attention to the opening price is gonna tell you everything you need to know. You can kind of use it as a barometer. If the market's bearish, it should sell off from above it, okay? And if it doesn't, then you might be wrong on your bias. So again, you can download this whole board. I'm not gonna read every word of this and this whole ebook, but...
Essentially, the market is going to move from accumulation to manipulation to distribution. So distribution and manipulation is what you want to trade. You want to stay away from accumulation. You want to use the range that's formed here in order to trade, but you don't want to be trading in this because if we're going to be in accumulation, if the market is ranging, we're likely to move out of that before getting the true move. So the manipulation would be this move up.
and the distribution will be this move down. That's oftentimes going to happen into a higher time frame level.
And it's going to happen beyond the opening price. Okay. The accumulation phase, a candle is going to look like this. Now I want you to remember that every bullish candle once was bearish. If it has a wick, okay. It once looked like this, right? So this is a manipulation phase. Now, if you're bullish in the market for this time period, whether that's a day or a week, if you're a day trader and let's say the daily candle looks like this, you should be looking for a buy because that bottom wick is very likely to be created. Okay.
and you don't have to necessarily catch the entire expansion or the entire range of the candle but you can place a good bet if you see your entry model if you see multiple confluences telling you to buy and there's no wick created then you're likely able to get an opportunity okay now this is oftentimes going to occur into a higher time frame level like a fair value gap okay now distribution phase is when the market has been in their position and we have a rapid expansion in distribution you're just going to be looking to trade into fair value gaps and catch continuations
Okay, so a very key concept to learn. Accumulation, you're going to have a range forming. Manipulation, you're looking to trade liquidity rates. You're looking to trade manipulation, right? But once we displace out of that and we are in distribution, you shouldn't expect the market to come back under lows. You should expect the market to just trade from internal to external. This is a concept that a lot of people mess up and they get left behind watching the market do exactly what they wanted to do.
but they don't catch it because they're waiting for some run on liquidity because they don't understand time. So again, in the manipulation phase, you're looking to buy liquidity rates or sell them if you're bearish, but you're looking to trade liquidity rates. Once the market distributes, yes, you can trade lower timeframe rates, but essentially you're expecting the market to stay within its impulse. Now notice how it's so important to pay attention to the impulse because you have all of this noise that can get manipulated.
And you still move up because you're trading in context of this range of price. And look what happens when the market comes to a discount and you come under a low, like we talked about before buying under lows. This is where you look for trade entries. Okay. And you understand the market is likely to continue because it's in distribution. And we're going to talk about when distribution is and all of that here in a second, but it's important that you understand the concept before we get into it. Now the bearish example, we're not going to just break down the same thing again, because it is the same thing. All right. So let's talk about.
the actual framework and execution of this so step one is you want to determine the overall trend you want to have your bias now we're going to talk more about daily bias but i've already taught you a lot of what goes into daily bias which is manipulation and displacement and internal and external range liquidity okay so if the trend is bullish you're using this manipulation to anticipate lower pricing you don't find your bias based on this you're going to find your bias based on the higher time frames and use this as a compliment so let's just say you come into the market right here
When you start sweeping out under lows, you're looking for a displacement up to then trade up higher. Okay. Because you're expecting the market to accumulate and then manipulate to the downside. Because if you're bullish, you're expecting manipulation to the downside. Now you can simply just trade from, you know, like let's say if you're a lower timeframe trader and you're trading a manipulation, you can just trade to the bottom of the accumulation range. You don't even have to catch that whole distribution. In fact, most of the times you can just trade this. Okay. Now.
Whenever you're using this to trade, you need to understand that it's just kind of a guideline. You don't have to catch the whole entire move. It's just telling you which way the river is flowing, so to speak. Now, once the market is moving, once the market is moving down and you're in distribution, you want to make sure you're only executing trades in alignment with the identified trend, okay? You have to wait until the market is clear.
okay this is very very very powerful if you can master this and it's not i won't say it's the easiest thing to master i won't sit here and tell you that this is so easy and you should understand it immediately and if you don't understand it that's fine just keep watching this and go test it on price all right test it out this is what i use live trading with my group every single day okay this is going to unlock the next level so to speak of trading
So we'll look at some more examples. Let's just say if you're bullish on this day, well, any sweep under time-based liquidity, which we're going to talk about in a second, but is the high or low formed during an accumulation phase, any sweep lower, you're going to be looking for the market to do what? The market to give you a confirmation. So what do we have here? We have an inverted fair value gap. Not only that, we have a displacement, right? Look right there. We have a fair value gap. So you have two things telling you, you could have taken a trade right there and look to target.
the top side of this range or let's imagine the market was bullish and had an impulse in the higher time frame you can use all of this to then trade up higher into that level right you use the higher time frame you can extend your target now notice the opening price okay when the opening price occurs and the market moves away from it and moves against it let's just say if you're if you're bullish the market is moving bearishly away from opening price or below it
trading into a higher timeframe level, right? There's a fair value gap here and taking out the accumulation lows. All you need is a confirmation. All you need is some kind of displacement up, some kind of inverted fair value gap or SMT divergence, which we're going to talk about in a second in order to confirm that the market is likely to move higher and you have a trade set up in and of itself. Now notice again, there's an old high. So there's context here. Okay. The market was trading from internal to external range liquidity. Everything ties together if you do this correctly.
So very important is knowing when to trade. Okay. So you're going to look for trade opportunities simply during manipulation and distribution, nothing else. You're not going to even look to trade during accumulation phases. Okay. And we're going to talk about in a second, what accumulation phases are when they are on a daily and a session based level, because this concept can be used on a weekly candle. It can be used on a daily candle. It can even be used on a session because every one of those has the smart trading life cycle of the power of three. All right. So
Let's break this down into when these time cycles are. So we're talking about on a weekly candle, okay? A weekly time cycle. So we'll say week, day. We're not going to break it down all the way into sessions because you're just going to use the same concept I'm going to teach you right now.
So, on Monday at 1800. Now, all of these times are New York time. New York standard time. Eastern time. I get a lot of comments when I talk about time. What time zone? So, I'm going to make it very clear. New York. Okay? So, at 1800, meaning 6 p.m. on Monday, that is the weekly open. I need to add the open over here really quick. So, we'll say midnight. Sorry about that. No.
The true week open is going to be 1800 on Monday, 6pm. So you want to see sharp moves away from this during the manipulation or distribution. Now, notice how on Monday, I say it's usually going to be accumulation. But if the previous Friday expanded, for example, so let's say on Friday, the market expanded, okay, we're going to expect consolidation on Monday, and then manipulation on Tuesday, likely distribution on Wednesday, and then possible continuation if we haven't hit our higher timeframe target on Thursday.
or if we have hit our higher timeframe target, let's say it did, then we're gonna expect that reversal on Thursday, okay? But the key I want you to understand here is expansion if Friday accumulated. So you're always gonna be, when you're trying to determine whether or not we're doing accumulation, manipulation, distribution, or X, which is gonna be continuation or reversal, what you're gonna be doing is trying to determine based on the previous cycle and time. So let's just say on Fridays that the market accumulated and you're coming into the market on Monday.
usually if it's accumulating, the market had just traded into some kind of key level. Let's just say on last Friday, we traded into a fair value gap on the higher timeframe. You're going to expect the market to give a continuation or reversal. So if it traded into a level, you're likely to get a reversal on Monday. Okay. Now let's just say if the market almost traded to a level, it didn't get there. It's just consolidating on Friday. Well, on Monday, you're going to expect a continuation of the move that happened before the consolidation on Friday. Okay.
So the previous session or the previous day, that price action can tell you what's likely to happen. If you got a consolidation the previous day, expect expansion. If you got expansion in the previous day or session, expect consolidation. This is why if London range is very, very large and you're trading New York, you want to stay away from New York because you're expecting consolidation. You'd wait for the PM session, right?
So Tuesday and everything's going to be dependent on how Monday goes. So Tuesday is going to be manipulation so long as Monday consolidated. But if Monday expanded, then Tuesday can be accumulation. Okay. So Wednesday is either going to be manipulation or distribution based on the other two. And Thursday is going to be distribution or continuation or reversal based on the previous two, like we just talked about. So you ideally want to be trading Tuesday to Thursday. These are the days that I live trade with all my students.
There's a reason for that. It's not just because I like trading those days. It's because I get my best results. So you want to see sharp moves past that 6 p.m. price on Monday during Tuesday through Thursday. Okay, that's going to be the biggest opportunities. So the day is going to be the same exact concept. Nothing is changing except the times you're using. You're expecting accumulation during Asia and then manipulation during London, distribution during the morning session in New York.
and then a continuation reversal here. Now, the only time this changes is if Asia expands, right, and then London consolidates. Then you're looking for a sweep of London liquidity during the New York AM session. And this happens often, okay? So pay attention to how London acts. If London is expanding, usually you have taken out liquidity from the Asia session, or if you didn't take out time-based liquidity, if you didn't take out liquidity, the London session had a push past that midnight open.
right you don't have to always take liquidity you can just push past the opening price and that in itself is manipulation now if you move away from that then in the next session expect continuation just look to trade for value gaps now you want to be focusing on certain parts of these sessions you don't want to trade the whole time if you're day trading if you're trading london focus on 1 30 a.m to 4 30 and if you're trading in new york am i'm going to take it even a further step in refinement and just trade 9 a.m to 10 30 really 9 30 a.m you don't need much okay the less you sit in front of the screen
the better results are likely to be. Now you can break all of these sessions down into fours as well. For example, you could go six to 7.30, 7.30 to nine, nine to 10.30, 10.30 to 12. And that's why I say to focus on nine to 10.30 because you're gonna be trading the likely distribution. And that's my favorite time to trade. I'd rather wait until the market has already got the manipulation out of the way and is moving in my direction and I get higher probability results that way. Now let's talk about time-based liquidity.
Time-based liquidity is just going to be the high or the low made in any of these times, okay? It could be Tuesday's high, Monday's high. It's any of these times. Now, to be clear, whenever we're saying the days, it's going to be 1,800 to 1,800 the next day, okay? Let me write this down. 1,800 to 1,800 the next day equals one day, okay? Very important that we understand that. Very important.
Now the session highs and lows are just going to be the highs and lows made during these times. So let's say if you're coming into the market and you take out either the previous week's high or low or the previous day's high or low or the previous session or the previous quarter of a session, right? If you're taking out any of these, those are high probability areas of reversal. So time-based liquidity when you're trying to trade reversals is really all you should pay attention to. If you're trying to trade the overall reversal from, you know, accumulation.
to manipulation you want to wait until the market moves past the opening price and also trades into the highs of a range so right here we have london session and look at the highs the high was right here maybe it was right here looks one of these was both of them were traded into and then that is the time-based liquidity and you're going to look for on the lower time frame
your overall entry models there. Now, if you miss that and the market's already shifted down and given you signs of reversal through inverse fair value gaps, then this is going to be distribution. You're just looking to trade retracements. All right, now let's talk about one of the most subjective and difficult parts of ICT. And if you don't understand this, then literally nothing will work because you're going to consistently be trading the wrong side of the market, which is daily bias. What is it? Why do we use it? And how do we use it? We're going to break it down into four.
easy concepts, which we've already talked about one, then we're going to talk about candle by candle bias, alignment and reactivity theory, something else that I have came up with over my time in the markets. So what is daily bias? Well, to simplify, it's just the current direction that you're expecting the current daily candle to close. In simple terms, are we bullish or bearish? Okay, people in ICT love to complicate stuff. I'm not an advocate for that. I like to simplify because simplicity scales and complexity fails. So the reason that it's important, obviously, is when bias is clear,
All you have to do is wait for your entry model during the trading session. If you're bullish, right, if you're bullish, you're just looking to buy under lows with a lower timeframe confirmation. So what this looks like on a lower timeframe is going to be a market structure shift or fair value gaps or any of these other terms we've talked about with displacement that you can use to confirm the markets reversing here and going up higher. Now, market maker models are also present in every single move from
internal to external range liquidity now we've already talked about internal to external but we'll lightly revisit it remember the market's always moving from internal to external range liquidity using the lower time frames and market maker models and shifts and structure and displacement everything else we've talked about to confirm when that change is happening now with time you're likely expecting this to happen during that manipulation or distribution phase once you have all these things together that is going to give you a higher probability reversal to trade up higher
Now let's talk about candle by candle bias. If one candle sweeps a previous candle and then engulfs it, right? If it engulfs its body, that's a high probability setup that's going to go higher. If it engulfs the body and the wick, that is a very high probability that the market is going to trade much higher. So even in candle by candle, right? Look right here. The market swept this candle out and engulfed it. That is a sign we're likely to trade higher. If you're trading from
internal to external liquidity right let's just say the market had been bullish already right and the market traded into some fair value gap that was created and you have this accompanied by that you can anticipate the market is likely to trade higher according to the bias okay now you could use this along with other concepts for higher probability you could use it also to define ranges so for example if you draw a range on the candle that engulfed
that is going to be a price range on a lower time frame if you extend this out and look at you know a lower time from the one you're on that's going to be a whole price range you can draw a premium and discount tool or a fib tool on that and look for lower time frame fair value gaps or key levels to trade off of in the 0.5 of that range you can also look for lower time frame market maker models in that range as well now we're going to talk about alignment
Alignment is when you have all of your higher timeframes that you're using and you don't need to use every single one. You should use two to three, but it's when you have these timeframes in agreement of what you're looking at. Let's take a look at this example. So this is the one example we've been looking at through the whole video, but now let's break it down on a four hour chart. This is actually the same exact piece of price action. So in that move to the IRL, right? All we're looking at is this right here.
Because this is a weekly chart, we're going to jump down to a four hour to envision this move out of this. So if we're looking at this move right here, once the market comes into that weekly fair value gap, once we're down here, what we're looking for is some kind of displacement up to confirm that we're moving out of it and towards that external range of liquidity. Because remember, the market is moving from internal to external. And you're using the lower time frame to confirm when this move is beginning.
Once the market displaced up right here, we created fair value gaps. We also created an order block right here. And then the market came back down to that and pushed up higher. Now, once you have shifted structure, this is also a market maker model. Okay. We're going to talk about that more in depth in a second, but just be aware that as soon as you shift structure, you're now on the buy side of the curve, which means you're seeking out highs. You're pairing this also with your higher timeframe. So at that time, any bullish level, any bullish level.
is being bought you're not looking to sell at all you're just looking to buy until that higher time frame target is met okay that is the power of a market maker model on the right side of a market maker model you're only looking for one side of price action you're looking to buy under lows or in fair value gaps or an order blocks or breaker blocks or any of the tools that i've taught you in this video now inside of this move right here look we can take this another step further inside of this move into this fair value gap
we can go to a 15 minute because that is what you use to confirm a four hour. And I'm gonna give you a whole list of the timeframes you use here in a second. But right here, we have the 15 minute. Now this is the exact same move. This is this bit of price action right there. So remember, the market is already in alignment on the four hour and the weekly. So you're just looking to confirm this move into that fair value gap and confirm it by what? You guessed it, displacement, okay? Once you've created a displacement up, we've created a fair value gap.
taken out structure so at that time as soon as this candle closes as soon as we form that fair value gap the market is bullish and you can look for bullish levels such as order blocks or breaker blocks which we have over here to be respected at that time you can do the same thing on a one minute and look for an entry model and trade higher okay now this happens over and over and over again okay until that overall highest time frame target is met you're going to see lower time frame market maker model inside every single higher time frame level
okay that is how you have a clear daily bias now something else you can use is reactivity theory now this is something that i came up with there's also a link to this video basically it's really just asking yourself in a dynamic way which side of the market is failing you know how are we reacting to fair value gaps how are we reacting to order blocks the way that we're reacting these levels if we're not displacing away from them then you're not likely to continue for example if we trade into an order block what do we want to see we want to see a big push out of it
right? We have a fair value gap coming out of it. So that confirms that level. Anytime we trade into manipulation, if we're trading to lows, we should see fair value gaps come away from it. So it's all about, are we displacing away from one side of the market? Is the market forcefully pushing in one direction? And this is a little bit of a discretionary way to read price, but it can help you a lot if you can get it down. All right, next, we're going to talk about something that I have referenced a couple of times in this video, and that is market maker models. We're going to talk about what they are.
why we use them and how to use them and this is another concept that's super super over complicated and a lot of people get overwhelmed by it but it's just simply because they don't have a practical way to view them so we're going to talk about how to use them to plot out every single move from internal to external or vice versa
because every time that this happens in a higher timeframe, a lower timeframe market maker model can be used to confirm it. Now, all it is is two consolidations leading into a reversal aligning with this. I can't stress enough how the context is the most important part, because if not, you're just trading patterns and we are not pattern traders, okay? So market maker model is just a strategy to visualize retracements and expansions on a lower timeframe. The reason we use them is they identify what side of the curve you're on
and confirm your higher time frame bias. Now they help you with trade entries and stop loss placement as well.
This is the alignment or these are the time frame pairings you should use. Okay, if you're using a higher time frame fair value gap or a high or low, you should be using the ones on the left side of this. And to confirm them, you're going to be looking for market maker models on the right side. Okay, forgive me my beautiful drawing there. So we'll say the market moved up into this area, right? And there was a fair value gap on the way up. So we're expecting the market to move from external range of liquidity. We'll say we took out a high over here, created a fair value gap. Above that area, we're expecting a consolidation.
and then we're exciting a retracement right just like we talked about in the very very beginning of the video this in itself is a market maker model you just didn't realize it at that time maybe you did maybe you're more advanced than most people but most people just see it as the simple perfect formation but it's not it's just a retracement or an expansion okay there's a market maker model here and there's a market maker model there so it's going to be two or more consolidations on the way down into an internal to external move
or an external to internal move i will say trading the ones from internal to external are easier for beginners so i recommend just sticking with that until you have that mastered so on a higher time frame expansion and you have a fair value gap you're looking for a lower time frame market maker model confirmed by that market structure shift which is just a displacement or a change in impulse structure so if we have impulses down whenever you get to that impulse and you displace up creating a fair value gap
At that time, once you cross that line, you are bullish. And all you're looking to do is buy under lows, buy under lows or buy in fair value gaps. Plus, if you have a combination, notice we have an impulse structure right here. We'll say there's a fair value gap. You bought under lows and in a fair value gap. Now, what you can do as well, let's say if you got in down at the bottom of this, let's say you took a trade down here or right here in this fair value gap. Every time the market sweeps out lows, trail your stop.
sweeps out lows trail your stop or if the market puts in smt divergence which we're going to talk about in a second now you can also get multiple trade entries every time the market comes under there's going to be an opportunity there on a lower time frame to look for confirmation same here okay
So we already looked at this example. We won't hang out here too much. This is that four hour example we looked at in the last part when we were talking about daily bias. Next, let's talk about SMT divergence. Now, this is one of the most powerful tools you're going to be able to use not only to have bias, but also to mix with time and price and also to get trade entries and how to trail your stop loss. We're going to talk about what it is, why we use it and how to use it.
okay smt stands for smart money tool now some people say smart money technique ict has said it both ways anyways we are using this to identify manipulation so whenever we're talking about manipulation right we have that pop under low and we don't displace through it and then the market pushes away from it now at sometimes the market just does this and pushes away now this is also called an sfp for some people a swing failure pattern because we failed to push through and make a swing but
Oftentimes when this occurs, let's say this occurs on the S&P 500. Well, a lot of times the NASDAQ might be making a lower low. That would be SMT divergence because it's a crack in correlation. And that's all SMT divergence is. It's when there's a crack in correlations, it's basically showing you that there is some kind of manipulation or there's some kind of smart money activity at play. Because when markets that are very large, like
the stock market or forex markets aren't moving appropriately that shows that there is a large force at play so these can be used as a tool to confirm your trades or confirm a bias so let's look at some examples notice right here nq had made a lower high while es had made a higher high if it happens at the highs remember if it happens at the highs it's bearish because if highs are being manipulated the market's bearish okay so a lot of people will say whichever one makes the lower high
which everyone fails to put in structure is the one you should trade i disagree with that i think you should trade whichever one has the highest probability based on the rest of your analysis i think simply saying you're going to trade one or the other it just adds into the identity of someone who's a pattern trader who only uses one confluence to trade and trust me that's not going to work for very long that's with indices so nq and es you can also use this with ym however i think that it's higher probability with nq and es because it happens
all the time with ym especially if you're trading a one minute time frame now the inverse this is going to be eu or dxy so eu or dxy which is the euro usd now this can go for any currency that ends in usd okay any currency that ends in usd could be gbp usd aussie usd nzd usd any currency that ends in usd okay so the dollar which is dxy should move opposing to these right the dollar should move against them so if the dollar is making higher highs
then EU should be making lower lows. And if it's not, that could be bullish for EU and bearish for the dollar. Okay? Very, very important. Now, you can also use this with crypto. Bitcoin and Ethereum, think of it like NQ and ES. They should move together. And if they don't, then that can be a sign that there is foul play or manipulation in the market. If it happens at the lows, it's bullish. Or if it happens at the highs, it's bearish. If you want to download this entire board all for free,
That way you have all of the examples. You have the mind map, all of the eBooks and everything. And go ahead and click the link down in the description and download it right now for free. All right. Congratulations. If you have made it this far, we are now going to talk about your trading plan and how to put it all together. So pay very close attention as this is extremely important. If you don't implement what you've learned today, then all you have is a bunch of concepts that yes, are fascinating, but they won't make you any money.
unless you're able to implement it consistently. So let's go right into it and talk about your bias checklist. Okay, so bias, the first thing you're always going to do is weekly IRL to ERL and weekly candle bias. Okay, now you don't have to have both of these. Okay, I want to be clear, you don't
have to have every star aligning in order to have bias. You're just stacking up how many things are telling you bull versus how many things are telling you bear, going from the top down, meaning the higher timeframes down. So if you've recently traded into internal range liquidity and you're sweeping out the previous candles low and engulfing it, that is a very bullish sign. If you come to the market on a Sunday and you see this, you should be bullish in that week. And if you're bullish in that week, you expect some kind of manipulation down.
before moving up higher. Okay. And you're going to go through the rest of the timeframes to determine the roadmap you'll take. Now, another thing that I want you to pay close attention to is the economic calendar. Okay. This also goes in tune with time, but you need to look at this when you're doing your weekly analysis. It's extremely important and you should map out your entire week based on this. So you're going to go and you're going to turn off everything except red folder news because everything else is noise. You're only going to have whatever markets you're trading.
Don't want to have everything under the sun on here. It's going to be all over the place. So I only trade futures, so I'm just using USD. So if you see no news on a Monday and we're expecting consolidation for whatever reason, then that is even more confluence that you shouldn't be trading because there's no high impact news. There's a lot of these gurus out here who will say, I don't trade high impact news. Anyone who says that is a fucking rookie, okay? I'm not saying you should trade on high impact news.
like at the moment it's happening. Don't be an idiot, okay? I'm not saying that. I am saying that these are the days you will expect volatility. And as a day trader, I don't know about you, but I like when there's volatility considering that's how I make money, okay? A lot of people say, oh, don't trade any high impact news. Have fun never trading because there are a lot of those and you should trade these. Don't trade right before them because your stop loss will likely get slipped and you will likely lose a lot of money.
More than you thought, so don't be stupid and try to gamble news. However, use it as a roadmap, okay? You should expect for there to be volatility in these days. So you would expect the manipulation and the distribution to probably occur when there's the most high impact news. So very important that you look at that when you're doing your bias. So the next thing you'd want to do is move to the daily timeframe and see what is the daily timeframe telling you, okay? Well, in this example, this is the same exact thing we just looked at. You have that weekly fair value gap.
The market swept out the previous day's candle and engulfed. So you have a very bullish bias. Now I know you might be thinking, oh, well, what if the market has different, you know, tells me different things? What if the market's not in alignment? Don't trade, okay? So many people I work with, they just can't get it in their head that there will be times you can't call the market. Now I cannot stress enough the importance that you understand that the goal here is not to just be able to call the market all the time.
I recently had a call with someone. They said, you know, I don't want to really learn how to trade all the way. I just want to learn how I can look at the chart and tell where the market's going to go. And I told him, well, if you figure that out, please let me know. Because that's not what trading even is. Trading is identifying when you have high probability and acting and executing when you do and being able to identify when you don't. Okay. So if you don't have alignment, if you don't have high probability, then don't trade.
You're gonna be doing the same thing on the daily as you did on the weekly, right? Internal to external, we have a fair value gap. So you're expecting the market to move to highs and you have that candle bias telling you the market is bullish. So inside of that daily or weekly fair value gap, you're gonna wanna use market maker models to confirm. So coming into the market, we have that weekly fair value gap. You can look and say, oh, we had a market structure shift. So at this time, I have the daily and the weekly telling me we're bullish.
And I have this overall market maker model telling me we're bullish, high probability. So this time you're just looking for 15 minute market maker models or going back to the pairings I told you earlier, right? Whatever internal or external you're using, you're using the lower timeframe to the right of these to look for market maker models to then plot out and navigate the sessions and trade your trades. Okay. So after we've done that,
you've established we're bullish we're looking for internal to external on the 15 minute and also very very important you're looking to reactions you're looking for reactions to time-based liquidity and the opening price now this is the new york session so if you go back to the part of the video about time you'll see that we're looking for the 7 30 open and you're looking for time-based liquidity now look at this example we had taken out the london low and
We had taken out the 6 to 730, which is the first quarter of New York, and you'd taken out Asian session before. So you're expecting the market to likely move to the upside because you're bullish on the higher timeframes. You've gotten the London low taken out. You've moved away from the 730 opening price in a manipulation swing. You've taken out time-based liquidity. At this time, all you're looking for is an entry confirmation. And at that time, you can take the market much higher to the previous day's high or opposing time-based liquidity, such as that or such as the London high.
You can also even take profit at the opening price if it's far enough away, but you only want to do that when you're anticipating consolidation, okay? So now let's talk about our entry checklist. All you need is two or more of these things on your checklist to have occurred in order to have higher probability, okay? The more you have, the better. So you want to make sure your higher timeframes equal your lower timeframes. In the example we just used, so what that would mean is our lower timeframe is equal to our higher timeframe. We're bullish on the daily and the weekly.
And we're bullish on this four hour, okay? All the timeframes are equal, okay? Now, in this example, we would have wanted this to be bullish if we want our lower timeframe to be equal to that. So in this example, you didn't actually have a pure, you know, full-on alignment, but that's why we just need two or more of our entry checklist. So you can check for those market maker models in those moves, but you also need to look for manipulation beyond the session open or time-based liquidity swept. So in that setup, we had this.
right here we also had a higher time frame key level and we had a clear higher time frame bias okay this has to happen in order for you to even look for your entry checklist without this you don't even look here okay very very important these don't apply if you don't have a clear bias so you have two or more now the one that is required here
is a lower time frame confirmation because you need some kind of shift or something telling you that the market is going to move in your direction on top of these other confluences you have here or here okay oh for this is the targeting forgive me but anyways so what is a lower time frame confirmation we're going to focus on three which is the market structure shift smt divergence or an inverted fair value gap these are just your trip wire or
kind of your cue to pull the trigger. And this is the very last thing you look for. I see so many traders just use this and then wonder why they suck at trading. Anyways, do you want to look for a key level, right? So we have a key level being an old high. That's the first step. Now we already have checked off a couple of the checklists from what we just talked about. So we're going to focus on the actual entry model. So a market structure shift is just that. It's a shift in impulse structure. Now notice the market had been making higher highs.
And then what happened? We took out a low and created a fair value gap. Once the market trades into that fair value gap, you can look to trade with a stop loss of the first candle in the fair value gap. You can also put your stop loss above here if you'd like, but oftentimes if you put your stop there, if the market goes there, it's probably going to go here too. So this can help you a lot with your risk to reward. Now you always want to target at least two R, but we're going to be able to get much further if we're pairing everything I've taught you in this course together. For example, in
the price example that we just talked about, right? This is the exact 15 minute view of this right here, right? I'm sorry, the one minute view of this right here. This is the 15 minute chart down here is the one minute view. So as soon as you have all those things, we've taken out the London low, we have checked off our boxes. As soon as it gets to be 930 right here, it happens right at 930. Don't expect that always to happen. But as soon as you have that market structure shift,
That is a trade entry, right? You can look to take a trade right there. And notice we didn't just target 2R. We're able to target opposing time-based liquidity because that higher timeframe was bullish, right? Remember, this goes back to the fact that we had a clear bias in the higher timeframe and a clear market maker model right here. Now, this was the high we're targeting in this example. Notice how we're not targeting all the way up here.
We're not targeting, we're not swinging for the fences because we're day traders. We're just using this to identify what way the river is flowing. We're not using this to trade that entire move, okay? Now, the other entry models are gonna be SMT and IFVGs or inverted fair value gaps. So an SMT can occur before a market structure shift happens. So notice this price lag was very expansive down. It took a little while for us to get that market structure shift and you could have got a trade entry right here.
but with smt you were able to get up much earlier okay so on nasdaq you had a lower low and on es you didn't you had a higher low so as soon as that low is confirmed you're able to take a trade now make sure you wait for the candle to close after the low that is in question because until the next candle closes you don't really have a low right like this isn't a low until this candle closes with the higher low than it okay so
at that time you're able to execute the trade and then you target based on the time-based liquidity that's really where you're always going to pair your trades is opposing time-based liquidity because if the market is bullish if you're right it's likely to move past those areas because the market in order to be bullish if you have a if you have a bullish day usually it's going to take out the previous day's high or at least the previous session's high so those are great times to take off of your trade and it becomes very objective in terms of targeting
next let's talk about the inverted fair value gap okay the inverted fair value gap can be an excellent signal for entries and it comes before a market structure shift so we have a fair value gap right here as soon as the market closes a candle under it you're able to execute the trade and if you notice right here the market structure shift didn't really happen to all the way over here and you would have had to have your entry down here which would have almost doubled the size of your stop loss which then pretty much cuts your profits in half because your risk rewards so much lower
So inverted fair value gaps, SMT, or market structure shift, they can all be used interchangeably. And just like anything else I've taught you, if you have two or more of them, or maybe all three, that is even higher probability. So here is the entry checklist. Again, you can download this whole board. The link's in the description. It has all of this here for you. Now let's talk about risk management. So R equals the total drawdown divided by the number of consecutive losses.
In order to really understand how to determine what an R is for you, I see so many rookie traders, they say, just risk a static amount, just risk 1%. I think that's really stupid, to be honest, because for some people, they might be able to risk more or they might be able to risk less. For example, if you're a high risk to reward trader, you probably should risk less because your win rate's probably lower. So the number of consecutive losses is probably higher.
So you need to figure out by data and if you're not tracking your data using something like TradeZella, which I have a link down to in the description, but if you're not tracking your data and journaling it, you don't really know what you're doing. You don't have a business and you're just a gambler, okay? So you need to understand what is the likelihood that you're gonna have 10 losses in a row. Well, if you have 10 losses in a row, if that's something that can happen to you, you wanna take the drawdown that your prop firm has allowed you or the drawdown that you are willing to incur on your personal account and you wanna divide that by 10 losses, okay?
That is your R. That's what you risk per trade. So you're going to start with one of those from breakeven if you're just at zero. Now, if you get to 2R profit, you can risk 2R. Now, I want to be clear that if you're trading on a trailing drawdown prop firm like Apex or Top Step, this I wouldn't do unless you've already got funded and you've built a cushion and the trailing drawdown has stopped. Okay, very important. Now, this I would recommend doing regardless. Now, this is if you're in drawdown.
you're going to cut your risk in half. This is going to protect you from going on tilt. It's also going to protect you from losing streaks and losing an account just because of a couple bad trades. Now, on the day, and this is part of risk management that a lot of people ignore, you need to stop if you get two losses or one win on the day. And as long as you have a 2R or better risk to reward, then your losing days can never outweigh your winning days.
Another note to have is that trimming is better than breakeven stops. Trimming, you will secure some money and eliminate risk, and your risk of getting stopped out is lower. For example, let's say if you're in a trade from right here and the market had already been moving, the market could come up and stop you out before reaching your target. Let's say if this is your target. Instead of putting stops to breakeven, and you could just leave your stop up here,
What you should do is just trim half because you just eliminated half of the loss you'll take if the market actually did move all the way up. And what that allows you is having room for the market to move higher and still go to your target. Okay. A little gem for you guys. Now, I just gave you everything that you need in order to become a profitable trader. But if you want to join my community and trade with me live and really just surround yourself full of awesome people who are getting crazy results.
consistently. And not only are they getting funded, they're actually getting payouts, which a lot of times people never post. They just post funding certificates. But if you want to surround yourself with a team of people, if you want to trade with me live three days a week, if you want to have me review every single trade that you're taking, if you want to learn the exact models that I'm using on a day-to-day basis and trade with really a group of awesome people who are consistently making money from the markets, then go ahead and click the link down in the description to become a funded trader in 12 weeks.
But regardless, make sure to subscribe to me here on YouTube. I post tons of videos. I have hundreds of videos and I'm always going to post education here for free. If you want the link to the board that I used in this video that has all of the eBooks, all of the examples and everything that we went over, that way you can study it on your own time. Then go ahead and click the link in the description to download that all free of charge, totally free. I want to give that to you. That way you can study it without having to come back and watch this long video again. And if you made it this far, trust me, you are way beyond most people.
because I think the average time that people watch a video is usually like 10 minutes. So if you've made it this far, you are leagues ahead of everyone just in terms of attention span. And I just want to congratulate you for that. I also want you to remember that trading isn't easy. You're not just going to get this overnight and you just learned a lot. So pretty normal to be overwhelmed. Rewatch the video if you need to. Ask me any questions in the comments. Let me know of any other topics you'd like me to make videos on. And until the next video, go ahead and study and I'll see you then.
