Oh no.
Yeah, I keep saying I'm going to get a presidential. You can afford it. Maybe, I don't know. I want to hit a mill in a month. I want to make like a milestone. You've gotten close. I know, I've gotten so close. Like multiple times. Like disgustingly close to the point where I was like, go all in on a trade. You text all your friends, you're like, hey bro. I was literally, one time I was going to like go crazy risk on like just a trade. And in a trade that I would have taken, I would have crossed over a mill. But then I was like, okay, if you do this and it doesn't work, then you're just a complete. But I wish I would have done it. Lesson learned. Always.
full pour. Shall we get started? Yeah, absolutely. Before we do, I see a lot of A5 in my day. I mean, this is obnoxiously marbling. Yeah, the marbling is crazy. Crazy. So that's going to be quite the unctuous bomb you're going to be enjoying. Allow us to refresh your place and we'll get started really well. Thank you, my friend.
I'll just take out a loan against it, so like 75% of it. So for example, I put in like $160K, I'm going to be able to pull like $225K out and have the 25% equity and keep renting it out.
I'm going to also subdivide that property into three other lots and then build three houses. So that'll be roughly like $510 to $530, but that'll flip to like $1.2. So like off that one deal, which that'll take like a year. That'll take you a while. Yeah, it'll be like, it'll be like well over like $600, $700 to profit. But no taxes either because you like pull out the loan. Thank you.
All right, so we are here at Jeremy's compound I guess is the word we've been here for like
seven or eight hours. I'll listen to a bunch of cool talks, learn a bunch of cool stuff about online business. I'm just going to take you guys to do a quick run through now that we're doing the whole networking stuff. Probably talk to Jeremy. But a lot of you guys saw the last vlog, or not the last one, but previous vlog. Jeremy is also a crazy good trader. A lot of people don't know that. And I think it's just a testament to the fact that if you try to be in the top 1% of everything you do, you can really do whatever you want. And winning is just a way of thinking. It's not like you're good at one thing but not good at another. You're either good at everything or you're most likely good at nothing.
My brain's melting. I never knew that you could expend so much energy by sitting on your ass for seven hours. But it's when you're learning a lot. There's so much good shit. It's kind of crazy because I haven't been to one of these since I spoke three quarters ago, something like a year ago. Every time I come here, it just motivates the absolute fuck out of me because this dude made five million bucks a day, a bunch of other homies. Shout out to Mason. Congrats on him and Sanjay.
get in the middle of a month and yeah it's just cool it just motivates the hell out of you to get around it because you know it's easy once you're doing good to get complacent to be honest even if you don't realize you know the most expensive thing about people when they're rich it's not about cars or mansions or like luxury it's about getting lazy and complacent yeah you guys probably remember he did what was it a million in like uh less than a year right it was uh it was uh april of 2023 i started i lost money that entire year i got i got out the 2024 specifically it was october 2024 is when i like finished
And that was because I transitioned to live. I actually transitioned to live in September of 2024. And I spent like, it was $80,000 and some change. I don't remember the exact number off the top of my head right now. But I had done, I remember the number I made though on my fucking 1099 at Apex. It was $1,088,500. I spent about $80,000 on Apex.
You got to keep in mind, man, I was already rich going into that. I think that's a big part of what helped you in training personally. I was doing 20 accounts at a time. I don't even know if they still allow that or not. Yeah, yeah, yeah, they do. Thank God they do, man. I love Apex for that. But yeah, we were doing 20 accounts at a time. I had like 2,000 plus failed evals. I didn't even know if we could do that now with their new rule set, to be fair. Technically, if you divide 2,000, by the way, by 20, I only failed.
a little over 60-something times. When you break it down like that makes it sound much more reasonable. A lot of people will fail like a handful of times to just fucking bitch out, you know, and not end up doing anything. Don't be that kind of person, you know? I've been a business person for a decade now. I run a handful of businesses. And trading is like the most emotionally volatile thing.
The argument I literally think I've ever done. There were such extreme highs and such extreme lows. And honestly, it was so fun. From like a dopamine perspective, I genuinely, I miss it. I fucking vaporized. In my live account, I transitioned with 500k. I lost like 300k in a week from my size and down to being responsible with my live account. And I wasn't doing anything stupid. I just literally didn't deleverage risk because I used my prime firm risk rules.
in a live account and quantity of times I probably have to fail in a live account to learn like how it actually works. I fucking love prop firms, dude. I love them so much. People look at it only as a way to get rich from nothing. It's also a way to not get profit. Yeah, that's true. Because it really takes, I mean, you have to really be putting in some serious effort. Even like to go to 80, right? Because that's like a 10X return. Most people won't even make it to 80K. Just the amount of clicking that has to do with a lot of work for people. I'll give you a quick endorsement. My stepdad wanted to...
learn trading so he came over i taught him some liquidity strategies yeah and long story crack put him onto your channel yeah bro he had this is
This guy had two evap, passed one. He got his PA. He managed to get a payout. Like, this fucker didn't fail. He's never traded. He ended up going. He literally never traded. This is a guy from fucking Alabama. Works at a factory his whole life. You know, like, not a fucking all-star. That's perfect concept right there, though, bro. I feel like it's almost better, in a way, to be in that realm than, like, somebody who's, like, is. For me, as an example, like, I needed those max payouts to feel the positive impact of, like, spending the time and effort and the emotion.
he had needed a couple grand a month to make like a fucking major impact, like double his income, you know? I remember the first time he got paid was like a thousand bucks.
Dude, changed his fucking life. He ended up blowing that PA to be fair. He started off the whole process, but at least he has awesome money to reinvest now. Anyway, trading's fucking awesome. I gotta go film another video. Hey, bro, as always. Hey, you guys get profitable and stay profitable. Hell yeah. You heard the man. See, that's the biggest thing. Just the mentality is so different, I think, from, for example, the guy, his father-in-law, who came in and his perspective is he just wants to make a couple, something small to change his life. A lot of you guys see people like,
Even like me or other influencers and you want to get into this and that's all you think about in your head and that's how you compare yourself. You see people making all these crazy payouts online.
But you don't see what goes into that. And a lot of people give up before they even have a chance to make it to that. So, testament to never giving up. Some whales in here. Hell yeah. Yeah, yeah. Like, Ryan got the five million a month. And Sanjay and Mason, their story, I like that a lot. Going 400K organic, then dipping down and realizing, oh, we got to do something different and building it all the way back up during a month. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's crazy. And, like, I didn't even know that that happened. Because I know Mason pretty well. I didn't know they dipped down that hard and then popped back up. That just shows, like, at the end of the day, a whale.
A winner's going to win, bro. A winner's going to win, like, once you get to a certain level, unless you're just a bitch, you have a new standard, and you're going to, even if you fall off the horse, you're going to get back up and get on it, like, every time.
I'm gonna just order everything on the menu. You don't have to think about it, but you just order everything. Yeah, I'm gonna do the Wagyu New York strip, the 16 ounce. Medium. And then I want to add the lobster to it. For the table, I think we're gonna do two of all sides.
End of it, if you don't play the tag stand to the pool, so you'll end up paying 40 to 47%. Think about that. Like Megan, you pay 40, like, you're literally, it's like, like you literally are, you know what I mean? Like you give half of your money and then you have to pay.
tons of other taxes too like on your car every year like that's why i feel like it's for kind of right off yeah yeah just write this in it on yeah we got it on camera oh hey what's up like thanks for my business yes sir are you guys first become profitable how long does it take you i mean the thing is with me so i was like technically profitable like because i just bought crypto but like consistently like could actually make money on 2021.
because like even in 2020 i would like make a bunch of in because like i always say like
If you just buy crypto and hold it and make a bunch of money, that's not trading. It's not trading. Yeah, you're just like, yeah, you still have to have some like skill and like risk tolerance, but it's not like you're consistently profitable. But 2021. Because the markets are volatile. Yeah, yeah. Like 2021 was where I could finally like confidently get, like even in 2020, I'd make money trading, like I'd trade Binance futures. I knew deep down. I was like, if you keep up with that same risk, you know. Bro, I used to literally just put 5% of my entire account on each trade. Yeah, yeah. Even if a stock loss is like bigger or smaller. Like I'm like, what?
What was that honestly? That's what happened. And then I was like, why am I, why is this so working? Yeah. It's like, bro, I always almost forget that. But then you talk to like some other people and you're like, dude, what are you thinking? And then it's like, bro, I was the same way. Exactly. But whenever I joined Playbit, and then I started actually, like, Playboy taught me, he was like, bro, like, what the fuck are you doing? Like, do this, that. How many years did it take for you? Actually, like.
Focus on trading. I'd say it was like two full years of action, but I have been I started trading five years ago Yeah, yeah, you know, but I was also like doing the old stuff I used to do I wanted it to work, but it was like a casino like I would just be just asking like what's the one turning point most creators like I don't know honestly, I feel like it's like such a personal thing
I feel like it's a lot of different ones. And I feel like at the end of the day, it's going to be different. Because there's the two archetypes. There's the people who are really risk-averse. And there's the people who are degenerate. Yeah, there's no balance, right? Most people, I would say, are the risk-averse type. Most people are scared to take losses. They value money way more than they should. I was definitely the opposite. I almost feel like you can get around that quicker. But you just need to get around the right people. Once you get around other people that you look up to, they're like, oh, these guys are actually doing it the right way. And they're not.
I think my turning point was when I stopped caring so much about, you know... Just stopped looking at it? Yeah, just stopped looking at it. I think it's also how much money you have, not only to your name, but coming in other than trading. Whenever you have no other money coming in, there's so much pressure. It's like, I don't know, it's almost impossible.
Make a wish, go. $100 million, please.
Every bright neon sign turned into stars And the sun and the moon seemed to be ours Each road that we took turned into gold
But the dream was too much. What do you think about AI and trading? Do you think it's going to replace traders? So we always try to have that one kill switch of there's always kinds of a human loop. You have the authority override everything. Like there's an operator. Yeah, it's like a main check. Right. Like, hey.
Right, and that's how they're operating right now a lot of times. You need to. I don't think we will never get rid of it. You don't think it will ever get rid of it. No, that's like a safe switch. Nice. Literally. In terms of trading, yeah, dude, it's a sacral level of fearless because if you learn the model, it is dynamically adjust the algorithm according to the condition of the market. Yeah. As far as do we use it, a lot of you are using it, absolutely. Whatever input, it'll amplify it. So, I think the regulation's going to catch up. I don't know how slow it is.
It's fun to date you guys.
So now is the time for you, you can master that. You know, it shifts up the money before, like, that's what I'm building right now, essentially. Not, like, auto trading or anything like that, but essentially, like, imagine, like, an AI that was, like, a quant. The ones that are mainly available that are actually good are mainly B2B or, like, very difficult to operate for, like, an average person. You know what I mean? So, like, the whole point of what we're doing with the software I'm building is, like, to democratize Wall Street-grade tools and simplify them into being a usable tool for an average trader.
But a lot of it's education, right? Because with AI, it's like, a lot of people use AI and be like, oh, AI sucks. And the next guy... Exactly. It's like, no, you suck with AI. Well, I also think a lot of people don't understand how an LLM actually works. Yeah, but it's like, once you understand how it works, you truly realize that it's all on you, how good it is. It's like a car.
It's crazy how deep you can get with like training rag models and like for example what we found at least like Claude seems to weigh way way better with like large like parsing through large data sets so like we've got
you know, a super base with literally millions of different data points. And it's insane how much quicker it can go through when it's in like SQL compared to like, if you're just like in like writing a JSON or even JSON is better than like average test from what I've found for like context and everything and being really clear, leaving no stone unturned, like no opportunity for the AI to be confused or like, you know, stuff like that.
It forces you to articulate your thoughts. When you use AI at that level, it makes you a better thinker because you have to really think out how you're going to deliver the message and how you're going to structure it, what sequence.
There's a hundred different ways you can do it. Get a hundred different outcomes. I've been listening to those conversations and I'm building what you guys are talking about. I got a top Google engineer with me. Listen, everything here is public information available. Everything I tell you is publicly available. Oh yeah, yeah.
On the record. Hey, turn that camera off so that he can speak. A little chill time, and you're with just, you know, your people. I remember when I used to come to Miami when I was younger, like, it was always just, like, clubs, bottles, parties, which, I mean, like, I think that you have to go through that stage in your life. Like, when I was at Jeremy's Mastermind, I was actually talking to quite a few of, like, the younger dudes that are, like, in the money space, and it's...
It's funny because, like, to me, I know my brand is so much different than I was talking to them. And, like, it's like I'm unk, you know what I mean? And I can tell, like, just talking to a lot of the dudes who have, like, they're up, you know, they've kind of started to see. They're like, yeah, this shit ain't all in. I mean, you're still going to have fun, right? Like, to be clear, I would have fun going to a club now and buying bottles just for my friends. But, like, when you do it all the time, just like anything else, it gets played out. You've got to have balance, you know? I like just the chill shit. We've got the boat. We go out somewhere nice. Probably go over to, I don't know. Thor Island?
Yeah, you guys like the outfit? We might not be able to show some of the vlog because we're going out to Star Island to an exclusive all-white party, but we'll try to include as much as we can.
Sushi on the boat? Yes, sir. We got the sushi. I figured it was a good light lunch. I hate whenever I get on a boat and you get something really heavy. And then it's like, you want to eat dinner again, but then you already ate a bunch. So sushi is always perfect. Hard talk is, man, that's what I think of. And about Cubans. They're so, like, inconsistent. Cubans are a great...
Example of just scarcity and like the mind of humans because like genuinely that they're great But like the only thing that is about them that I don't like is like they're like inconsistent with how tight they are especially partagas, but this one's good
Looks at it. What did you think of Jeremy's yesterday? Oh, it was good, man. It was good. Like, gave me a lot of perspective, you know what I mean? Like, there's a lot of room for growth. I think that's, like, at the end of the day, whatever, like, where we came up from a small town. Like, I've known this guy for, what, 15 years now? 15 years. And we both came up from a small town in that town. But if you're making six figures a year at that, you know, back in those days, you were, like, you know, rich. I mean, what we thought was rich growing up because, you know, we didn't really.
you know have that but it's just crazy whenever you put yourself around different people you have to consistently elevate your standards because if you get to the point where you're the big fish you automatically just get complacent whether you realize it or not or whether you want to admit it or not so it's always important to make sure that you're just like elevating your standards elevating what your perspective of normal is because that's where you're going to end up at like you won't end up you can set all these goals watch this video or a bunch of other videos and you get motivated but that's just motivation like that's a goal
at the end of the day i've found that while that's important what's more important is where you get uncomfortable like what you would deem as more of like a nightmare than a dream right because that's what you'll run for the human mind is more wired to act out of fear than out of happiness it's literally in brain ingrained in our brain since we're you know cavemen that's why you see people like scarcity we have designer clothes and
cars that are literally not that crazy different than others but they sell for three four five times as much simply because there's scarcity associated with it so all the negative emotion whether you know you realize it or not is going to motivate you harder it's got to be whatever you get like really uncomfortable whatever you think is scary to have that and for a lot of people you're comfortable and at the end of the day i always like to say this too success what does that really mean is are you happy um but personally i think you have to kind of put yourself in positions where
you're almost not happy with what you have and people will comment and say that's a wrong way to think and it's because it's out of your comfort zone to be honest you got to just keep putting yourself in an environment where your standards just rise and rise and rise to the point where you feel like you're kind of running from something like even for myself the last time i went i spoke at jeremy's mastermind and even though not everybody there is traders which a lot of them are jeremy himself a lot of people went on the kick whenever trading got really popular and just putting yourself around those kind of people who are making a one mil five mil a month consistently you're going to
just elevate like 100%, your new definition of normal changes. Three months ago, I was just, we were talking and he was like, bro, like I'm sick, I feel like I'm fucking stuck. And I was like, quit your job, get a job, I'll help you get a job and some kind of internet money stuff. Sales, I always recommend if you're not already into trading, sales is a great thing because it teaches you skills you need in any business, just in life too. And he got into sales and how much have you made now total? A little over 100,000. That's in three months. The dude never had any sales experience.
at all but the reason he did so well is he burned the boats he had a good opportunity and he's been working well this is the first time you've taken off at all in like months every day 16 hours a day 14 16 hours a day every day
Yeah. And up a little over a hundred so far. And that's crazy. Like I keep telling this guy, he doesn't realize how crazy that is. Anybody who's watching this that's in sales, I mean, you can make a lot of money in sales, but to just come on and, and they're, they're, they're selling like $2,000 items and stuff. It's not like you're selling like crazy high ticket. So that's even crazier, but it's just a testament to whenever you burn the boats and now you have something that you're afraid of that you're running from, like, you know, oh shit, if this doesn't work, you're going to take it way more serious. So it's just cool, bro. Fucking I'm proud of you, man. For real.
again i've known this dude for so long it's one of the only people that i've known for that long that i still associate with and just to see people come up in different ways obviously you know what i used to not be involved in the best stuff so to make it out and do things legit it's just a crazy feeling like we were actually talking we remember like smoking weed at like the park when we were in high school and stuff and i'm not saying that's cool it's actually not but to go from that to this way later on the road like you couldn't have even told me that this was what was in store and yeah it's great it really is crazy
Crazy story. Yeah, man. I used to be a different person. I know that a lot of you guys watching already know. If you don't, you can go on my channel and figure I got in some trouble with drugs and stuff. But yeah, it's just full circle, man.
The oysters are coming from Canada, East Coast. The bone is a cucumber green apple bone. And on the other side, the pink is going to be a granita champagne sorbet. That's made with champagne, white wine, wine wine, vinegar, and black pepper. So you will see a little acid-free and spicy. That's the black pepper at the end.
the cocktail shrimp, argumato, lemon oil, cajun and tahit the red sauce is going to be the cocktail sauce the salmon and caviar crispy rice is going to be upside down okay when you do it put the caviar on your top and you enjoy the flavor like that and on the tuna cone it's just one bite okay and mix on your mouth because it's a wasabi cream fresh at the bottom don't worry it's not spicy
Demand them too inconsiderate, five-star hotel smoking, cigarette mixing, Cody-ing up with a Finnegan. She got thick, but she want to get Finnegan. Drinking apple cider vinegar, wearing skim, cause she want to be Kim in them. Alright, I know they are bad, stop acting innocent. We ain't got generational wealth, it's only a year that I've had these millions. My work could have been in a Tokyo Drift car, it's fast and furious. I went from the Toyota Yaris to Eurus, they had their chance, but blew it. Take a look at these diamonds, wrong as a life is squinting, can't just stare.
