Sorry, I think I had sent the link to play a bit to my streaming client. Somebody joined us like another streamer. I came on my screen. I was like, who the fuck is this? So what's up? How are you guys doing today? I know everybody's... It's been a bloody day. So I hope you guys are doing all right. I know we had two trades that got stopped out.
It's not always fun, but it's part of it. I'm chilling on what we're in. I have a little watch list I made. I'll probably add to this, but these are some of the coins, two of which we're already in. Well, three actually, IMX. But I am watching Rune still. I think that it just needs to clear out some more liquidity. We might see...
Honestly, where it's at here, we could see a recovery. But at this point, what I'm going to wait for is those one hour change of character, right? I think it's better. I mean, this market went crazy, crazy to the downside, which it's expected for these return to origins. But I will say one thing that I don't like about the market right now. Bitcoin looks fucking terrible.
Like the fact that we didn't break this up here like that is not good at all. I'm not gonna lie to you guys Ethereum and other Coins they don't look bad, but I will tell you Bitcoin looks really really bad
The reason for that is that we didn't break this high over here. If we would have broken this high and we saw some form of a return to origin, like say if we would have came up here, even just to here, and then did the same thing, I wouldn't be feeling that way. But from where we're at right now, this just looks like redistribution. I hate to say that. But Ethereum looks great. I mean, I know you guys are probably like, what the fuck do you mean it looks great?
we've tanked but look at this right um we established a new strong high right we cleared out this high down here so you know you can see ethereum all the way down here um 2800 even lower and it's still fine but bitcoin just looks like that is rough that's why i got in those shorts and i'll be holding those shorts like i will literally be big chilling on these i will say on the four hour
Um, we could be just coming down to clear out all this liquidity. So I just draw kind of however you want to draw it, but, um, I'm not, let me see if I can put like an actual number on it, but you just have a ton of just, this is kind of where it's not equal lows or anything, but you do have just this level down here, right? Well, there's going to be a lot of stop losses here, right? Um, probably at these lows right here.
So I think we could be headed down into that territory. That's why I'm holding these shorts and we'll be printing, but I mean, we still already are, but it kind of sucks because the gains did get a little bit eaten into with some of these limits, but it's all right. And that's why we held these shorts.
And I think I like AVAX where we're at, but I do fear for a lot of these setups if Bitcoin just tanks volatile. Like if it goes just like what it did today, everything is going to go. But it can, you know, Bitcoin can be in a downtrend and not just destroy the rest of the market. It can be in a consolidating, you know, maybe a redistribution. And these alts will pump. We've seen that time and time again.
And we are due for a relief bounce, but until we get these change of characters, like for instance, the way that I found this trade, I want this, but obviously the inverse for a lot of these alts and for Bitcoin. I want to see us consolidate, start to shift trend, really break all the way out of that, and I'll wait patiently. Because at this point, we need to protect ourselves.
Take a look at IMX. IMX is sitting right at entry too. I think I need to alert the rest of the group because I just sat down on this one. So let's take a look. We can go into the five minute. Starting to make higher lows and get mild changes of character but nothing crazy. We do have a ton of liquidity up here. So that's a good sign. Actually going to go ahead and add that as a take profit.
Hang on, let's see how far it actually is from, yeah, definitely. Probably another take profit here as well. I'm going to mark this for now. We revisit it. Let's see if we broke, nope, nevermind. And then see, we'll look for it. I like this though. I will say we have this fair value gap here, right there, that we've came down, we established a swing low, that liquidity got swept really, and then some, but we left a lot of liquidity up above.
Stops are tied on this one. I'm interested to see how this plays out.
So the lower timeframes are starting to get this accumulation-esque setup, but we need more confirmation. We need higher highs, right? Higher lows aren't going to cut it. We need to break. Let's see. So we, I mean, we kind of are starting to slowly see it here, right? But you got to be wary of using the five minute for these setups and expecting take profits from other timeframes.
That's why I'll set these, though, because, you know, say if you were to long, like, okay, the way this would set up is you have your change of trend, right? I guess really you could say, you could look at it like this, but kind of forcing it, in my opinion. And it's valid, you know, here was the high of this range, but I think I'm going to look for the swing with this one as far as just charting it out. So I'll look for...
This I would consider a high, right? So it cleared out that high. So that's your change of character. Now we're looking to break structure up above. Liquidity above as well. And right here. Oops. So I see some relief here with IMX. And it's been taking a fucking beating. So it's like, I mean, literally we're down.
in just over a week, almost 40%. And we're also coming back down into discount. This fair value gap is one of the only things that, that's why I set this stop pretty close because if we clear this and make a lower low, I think it was in the one hour. Yeah, if we clear out this low down here, I'm not really...
too, too interested in this just because we're going to come down and back down to this demand and that would just leave us not the greatest risk reward. Fucking LSD. I'm going to go ahead and I'll add these take profits for now. A key aspect of trading these reversals is you got to...
Let me take these where I can't see them. But you have to take profits more aggressively because we're playing a reversal. Sure, we'll swing through this whole take profit, but we are not going to just hodl and not take any profits and not protect our position. So after we hit this first take profit, we'll be at one-to-one, meaning our profits were as good as our stop loss. As in, if we have a 1% stop and we hit a 1% profit, the responsible thing to do is to...
mitigate any possible risk. So go ahead, take 30% or so of the trade and then set the shot to break even. I'll go ahead and post this up for you guys. I see some of you guys dropping some coins. Aave, I'll get to that one in one second. It hurt us. Let's look at Aave. So as always, we're going to start at the top down. We're going to go on the daily.
He did break structure here. Seeming like you want to come down maybe for this liquidity right here. Seems like there's quite a bit. That's one thing that you want to watch out for. Yeah, we could return to origin here and start to expand back to the upside, but just watch out for those lows. So came up, broke structure.
Even stayed strong above the supply, which is a good sign. I think Ethereum DeFi has a lot of fundamental stuff going with the merger. So we could see more manipulation of the downside in order for whales to accumulate more positions before the volatility. I think this second quarter is going to be interesting for anything to do with Ethereum DeFi, just because in June, Ethereum is basically changing completely.
And it may not seem like a huge deal to a lot of you, but it is a huge deal in the space. So expect to see volatility. Here, you know, this is the range you're going to be watching. But the shitty thing is, yeah, you could look for a return to origin down in this range, which you've got this order box sitting right at equilibrium. I would go with the larger.
candle wick dried off of it so you have your demand right it is right at equilibrium of this zone never returned down to it but you've got these equal lows right here and you've got this massive fair value gap here
So you've got a lot of liquidity to the downside. If one was to play this, I would definitely wait for a confirmation, and it's going to take some time. You're going to need to see price structure form. You're going to want to see maybe something, you know.
and then start to make those higher highs, right? And then that's where you're going to see the price action you want. You're going to need to move sideways, get that change of character, watch for a second break of structure, and then play the return to origin of that order block. This isn't something I would just be longing off of limits right here.
Although, I mean, it is just seemingly a normal return to origin. And if we maintain bullish structure here, you'll just be putting in a higher low on the higher timeframes and business as usual. And that's a lot of setups. That's why a lot of these huge dumps completely fuck people out of their positions. They're like, oh, crypto's done. That whole fear mentality. And whenever you start to feel like that, start to...
I won't say just long shit, but be mindful of your emotions and grow from it. Don't make the same mistakes over and over again of just selling in fear. The same way that people make the mistakes of buying this shit up here. It goes both ways. The next one, AVAX. I'm actually glad you brought that up. We're in AVAX right now. It seems to respect our level. We had a similar setup. We broke structure.
AVAX looks super bullish. Why? As soon as we come back down at a discount, what do we see? Bullish price action, expansion. Bullish price action, all this down here, expansion into a major breakup structure. So it was due to come down and sweep this liquidity. Now with Aave, we have this similar kind of range down here at equilibrium, leading us to believe, yeah, this is a return to origin and we're all good.
whatever and it may be but you have to be mindful that there's tons of liquidity below you in that setup now in this setup we see liquidity here that was completely filled right this fair value gets old just ignore this that was from a
different time now we also have this order block down here that got smacked but this is why i told people i think we went over this in a stream um somebody had pointed this order block out and i was like no don't play this because there's liquidity down below and look what happened right that liquidity got swept yes was this valid sure you put this fib right down here
right it was right at equilibrium of this trading range it was in sitting right on it and people ask like oh bro like why didn't that work you just got to be mindful and understand what you're playing because a lot of people just plot order blocks and they don't really fucking know what that actually is and they don't understand you have to look for other forms of internal range liquidity just below or even external range liquidity and you know relevance to the low time frames if you have a major low or set of equal lows just below your order block it's probably not the greatest trade
Not for limits, at least. Maybe if you wait and get that low timeframe confirmation. And even then, think of liquidity like it's like a vacuum, right? If price gets close enough to it, it's going to get sucked into it. So I try to stay away from those trades because there's a lot of other trades in the market. This actually seems to be moving nice. I'm guessing the market is getting a little bit of a relief bounce.
It's that smell of harms because I'm going to be watching how we react to these levels. But AVAX, that's moving along pretty nicely.
I like this setup a lot. Also, AVAX has a shitload of stuff going on for it fundamentally with subnets. I won't stay on that topic too much. We'll get back to charting. But if you're interested at all in the actual fundamentals of AVAX, definitely go read about what they're doing with subnets and what they're doing with DeFi kingdoms. Because along with the conference they just had, the Avalanche Summit, it's going to take a beating when the rest of the market does. But these are the coins you're probably going to see react nicely.
That's another thing why I was excited about these limits is for me, I'm not even longing this. I'm just playing equity because I wanted to build a position in AVEX more than I already had. So the next one is Ape of DeFi. You know exactly what I'm talking about, why these subnets, I bet. Don't sleep on Ape of DeFi. He knows what's good when it comes to the actual under the hood of crypto and DeFi.
Yeah, H-bar. We tried to play these limits. It did not, as you can see, it did not go in our favor. Seems like we might be forming a harmonic structure on the 4-hour. Let's see. Yeah. You've got... Actually, I don't know if a shark can be that low of a... Let me double check for you guys. I don't want to lead you down the wrong path. Just backwards, but... Yeah, I thought so.
C has to be higher than a so now what maybe an alt bat all bat and the shark are the ones that I can't remember the C or the D point Yeah, it is actually an alt bat. So this looks pretty nice Just based off that you did just get the terminal bar You could actually go down a little farther here go anywhere all the way up to one point one three
I would wait on it again. I would wait for that lower time frame change of character, right? Like you would want it to see a higher high and then break that high you made. I'm looking at a daily of H-bar. That was why I was looking for these patterns. I mean, once you start to see over the course of, I mean, what is this? I think this is months, definitely months.
We had a 250-bar, 250-day harmonic structure form. That, along with his equal highs, right near 0.5.
of CD right above them. I like H-bar fundamentally as well. You've got double harmonics on the lower timeframes. I mean, really these are on the daily, but they're easy to spot on the four hour. So definitely keep your eyes on this one. I would maybe even look for, oh, actually let's just see how much you want to bet this order block plays right to where we need it to play.
I would wait on this, but I'm going to actually add this to this list.
stuff to watch during this dip because right now everything's on sale right you have to look at it like that if you're a fundamental investor in crypto now you don't have to look at it like that if you're a trader you may have a different bias but if you are looking to buy different projects based off of your fundamental conviction you have to look at these times like a sale right and just because it's on sale doesn't mean it's gonna fly right back up but if you're buying something based on
your belief in the project and its use case then these are good days for you even if you're holding it because you don't plan on selling that uh you don't if you're in fundamentally invested in this you're not selling this till you know 30 cents so um definitely you want to keep your eyes on hbar i think it may need a little more time i'm gonna delete some of this stuff for less clutter um yeah i think you could see these lows get cleared out as well right here
I'm actually going to set an alarm here for these equal lows. And once we're under that range, then you're going to be in more of a buying zone from a smart money perspective. You're under old lows. You're sitting on demand. You're at the completion of three harmonic structures. That's a big buy zone, but you've got to be patient.
that's a but this is big bull when if you can come down to this area like yeah like if you can sustain here you get like even even here even if you come down into this midpoint of this institutional candle right
I don't necessarily see the need for that because there's not a lot of liquidity under this demand and you've basically swept it all up. So when you're looking at trying to enter plays on bounces, you have to look at it from a perspective of is all the liquidity swept up. That's why I was trying to stress that you don't want to play these order blocks that have internal liquidity just nearby because you're playing off of the thought or the notion that all of this liquidity
has been swept up and now it's to the upside whenever if you're if you're jumping the ball too early and it really hasn't been swept up you're just going to be left you know crying wondering what happened but if you're patient and wait you know here actually let's go and i'm going to go into the four hour and if you're patient and wait for all that liquidity to get swept up you wait for a low time frame change of character when i say low time frame i mean the one hour i don't mean the one minute
which you can use that sometimes don't get me wrong but if you're looking to swing something to you know yearly highs probably aren't going to be getting your entry after one minute um here i would look in this zone you could see i almost like this better um right here so i'm going to set some alerts at both of these which can has more volume
You always want to look at what has more volume. So like really this candle right here, I'm going to actually replot this rectangle. For the high time frame demand, I'm going to be right in here.
And for the low timeframe demand, I'm going to be down here in this low because you're looking at it from a sense of a higher low. You can even get more nitty gritty and go on the one hour. And I've found that playing order blocks, whenever you're looking at trying to catch these huge recoveries, you want to look for order blocks sitting at the higher low, right? You could look at it as here, but I want to go even back to the 15 minute.
I don't know if we can go back this far. If TradingView will even let us. Jesus Christ. I don't think it's going to let us. Yep. No, I won't. That sucks. It's okay. TradingView needs to get this shit together. If you'll pack $500 a year for the premium package. I would look for, since that's all we've got, if you want to really be a sniper, you could look down in here. Move this down to this area.
You've also got to look at it, and this goes back to what I was saying before, where is other liquidity? Well, I see a huge fair value gap all the way here.
And yes, this wick did kind of come into play, but if you look, you can get technical. We still have a fair value gap here. I see people only wanting to play the fair value gaps like, let me see if I can find one, maybe like this, or even bigger, right? No, here's a perfect example. People only want to play like this, right? Where it's a very obvious gap. But if you notice the chart and you really study price, try to find me some of these candles that have gaps.
right? Because all these WICs are showing price sweep up liquidity. Like for instance, if you see WICs on the bottom side of the candle, you could look at that as buying pressure, but you could also look at that like price pushed back down in this timeframe, in this one hour, price pushed down and then went to the upside. Now, what does that mean?
It's a sweeping of liquidity. That's all that is. Yes, it's buying pressure, but what was being bought? The orders below the closing price. That's why I tell people not to just use candles. A lot of people watch Smart Money videos and the instructors say not to use Wix. That's because Forex has a lot of different brokers. You think crypto has a lot of exchanges? Yeah, go look at Forex. There's literally hundreds of fucking brokers.
That's where they get that notion. But looking at this, we have massive fair value gaps right here and here. You could really just group them together, but technically speaking, they would be these two. So a lot of liquidity would be getting swept up. So remember, our first level was here at this four hour, right? These four red candles you see, the zone we have drawn was...
It was from the four hour. Now you could play limits from the top and you probably aren't going to see, you know, this, right? Why? Because price needs to do this number. It needs to come up. It's going to mitigate whatever. And it's going to get sucked down into this vacuum.
And that's why you're going to find oftentimes a better entry at the higher low, because if you scale into these lower timeframes and you're playing an order block as a return to origin, chances are if you're playing return to origin, you're playing the expansion on a daily timeframe. So on the lower timeframes, you're going to have...
Fair value gaps, always, right? If you're playing expansion, like where price violently moves away from fair market value on a high timeframe, I promise you on the low timeframes, you're going to have those liquidity voids. So always be mindful of that. And you could get a much better entry and be able to go much heavier in your position. If you've maybe played here with the stop loss under the range, then you have a 2.65% stop loss.
rather than a 5% stop loss. Your position size is literally going to be twice as much, meaning if the play goes in your favor, you will make twice as much. So that being said, I'll wrap it up on H-bar, but I do want to set some alarms for both of these levels and just come back to it later.
Kind of clean up some of my watch lists. I made a watch list for you guys. I'm not all the way done with it. I'm separating it into different ecosystems. And I think it's going to be super, super dope. Because 2022 is going to be a huge year for Layer 1 alts. For the main reason that with the ETH merger, there's going to be a lot of volatility and a lot of un...
within DeFi among some of these leading smart contract platforms. So you're going to see, you know, a lot of people say ETH killers. There's not really an ETH killer. That's just not going to happen. But you are going to see different benefits and differences. Like, why am I so bullish on Atom and the whole Cosmos ecosystem? Because the whole reason that Atom was built was, for one, for other projects to use their SDK and build on top of.
the main reason they were built was to create the ibc which is the internet or the internet of blockchains so all of these different smart contract platforms they have a different language of code and adam created a
neutral so to speak language that can communicate with all of these other like it can communicate with solidity right and then you can take two blockchains that really couldn't interact with each other but they can as long as they're IBC integrated that's fucking huge right for coexistence of different smart contract platforms and if you look at the total value locked on a lot of different blue chip platforms a lot of them aren't just gonna die
If ETH gets cheap gas fees, it's just not going to fucking happen. So many people think like, oh, dude, yeah, if ETH fixes their gas fees, you know, so-and-so is dead. AVAX is dead. It's not, though. There's a lot of different stuff going on. A lot of different benefits to those chains. XMR. Let me do that one next. I'll save you guys the fundamentals for... Holy shit. Something fucking... Oh, damn, this shit's strong, bro.
going up here i'd look for 253 bucks very soon um look on the four hour and see if we have any other zones to worry about i'm not sure if we're oh actually we we're coming up wait what is this i thought oh that is never mind that's the previous day i was trying to find the current price there we go
Yeah, we're coming up on this fair value gap on the four hour that was never filled right here. So you could see a little resistance down here. Where was this filled?
Now, you could see a little resistance here at this, what is this level? 247, almost big figure, 247.01. And then you also have these highs up here just above you. So watch out for those. I wouldn't be longing this right now just because you're creating a lot of liquidity down below. There's still trendline liquidity that hasn't been mitigated, right? The market is completely...
just you know pissing and this somehow is still engineering buy side liquidity so i would be our sell side liquidity i'm sorry not buy side i would be um i'd be weary to long this unless if you're already in it you know swing it you know take some profits like 50 here um stops break even after that and then takes profits there seems like almost there's something fundamentally it's about to go for these right here while we're talking
Um, salad bro. Look, look on my shit.
Hold on. It's not on this list here. I'll give you guys a peep. This is some of the lists that I've been putting together for you guys. But seller is on here for cross chain. Seller, you know, another thing, a lot of people don't fucking, I didn't know what keep does or what it's all about. Keep is all about people who hold a lot of Bitcoin, locking it and being able to use it in DeFi, like peg it. I have to look, do more research. Oh yeah, seller looking nice.
This is one I had an alert for, I think was one. Where is it? Yeah, seller had watch for low time frame change of character. So here, I still want more sideways movement. We could use a 15 minute. So if you look, we have the first...
break of structure there. You've kind of seeming to make a swing high here. And if this is, it's bullish because you're actually engineering buy side liquidity, right? You have two equal highs right here. Let me make sure they're equal. They're exactly equal, super bullish. If you could, and this almost signs you up to come back up to this level and clear this out, which would give you your confirmation on the 15 minute.
I'm gonna set some alerts for this actually as well. I'm gonna be sad if this shit happens when I'm sleeping. I'll at least let you guys, if I'm not by my computer and I see the alert go off, I'll at least let you guys know. We'll see.
And then the thing is with these setups, it's nice because, you know, if I was doing this in the 15 minute, would I be, you know, shooting for the stars? Probably not. I would be looking at these lower timeframe zones of supply. Also, you've got a big liquidity void here. If you go on the one hour, yeah, huge fair value gap. I would actually take profits at the, and this is a good fair value gap setup, right? I would almost want this cleared first though, is the thing.
So, Jesus, yeah, this is going to be a level on that 4946, also right under psychological 50 cent. I would be getting out of that position once we get up to that area if I got that confirmation from a 15 minute. Now, if I got it from the one hour, right, I waited and was patient and we got this in the one hour, then I would be looking for more targets like this.
I'd be trimming here if we hadn't already cleared it out.
You'd be looking up here. You'd be looking at these highs. You could swing that trade and still be rational to hold through instead of taking profits so quick. The thing I want to reinforce, though, is it's fine. Say if you trade correctly, and I don't want to insult anybody, and maybe somebody trades differently than I do, and they're going to be like, whatever, just different styles. But in my opinion, position sizing is not a style. It's like either you do it right.
or you do it wrong, right? But say if you took longs, like say if we'll just, for educational purposes, we'll imagine this is the order block you were going to play, right? Or we'll save this one better yet. So we're going to say you're going to play this order block down here, right? Okay. Stop loss under the low, about 20 pips. So from there,
you would be taking everything right there. Now, that's an amazing play. That's seven to one, right? But you go out in the one hour and everybody wants to do this, right? Now, a seven to one on the one hour, you can get in a position much higher, right? And get into this same, like this looks better to a lot of you guys. That is exactly the same as what we just looked at.
if you size your positions correctly so that's why it's easier to signal sometimes these plays like this because um they're not you know for one they're easier to monitor right so more of a swing but if you're in the 15 minute that very small stop loss position with a reasonable price target is the same thing i think we had taken out wherever it was but
because your risk to reward is the same. So your position size, for instance, if you have a 1% stop loss and you're on 10X, you're going to put 10% of your portfolio on that trade. If you gain, I mean, if this hits all the way and you're going to be trimming along the way, right? But...
You're going to make the same amount of money as you would playing a bigger move with a third of the percent gain. But the key is to be decisive and actually take profits when you're supposed to. Yeah, Hud, I knew you were going to say something about Keep. Look into the fundamentals of it, bro. Let me see how much money is locked into Keep.
Oh, it's only $155 million right now, which is not much, but it's also not nothing, right? But it's all about depositing Bitcoin. I'm pretty sure you get a peg to use in whatever ecosystem in DeFi, which is fucking huge because that's really what Bitcoin's lacking is a good staking protocol or...
you know, other than a centralized finance, like, yeah, you can take your Bitcoin and go put it on Celsius or on Binance or whatever. And I don't even know if you can on Binance actually, but I know you can on Celsius and BlockFi and yeah, you, you make your interest, but it's, you know, you're, you're losing custody of your tokens at that point. I'm going to add this to that watch list. Glad you brought that up because I thought I'd add it on here and I hadn't. So doing that thing for us. Yep.
I'm on the wrong chart. I don't know why I have. Just chilling. What's that? Bitcoin dominance. Actually, that's a good one. I haven't even looked. It's funny. It's hard to not do small. You can definitely look at this distribution up here. I mean, it played out. That's the thing. And you'd be looking at it. I found even more.
It makes no sense why this is working, to be honest, unless people really are playing the fuck out of this on futures. But I honestly don't understand how that even works because people don't realize futures run the crypto market. Derivatives are a huge, huge source of supply and demand. But with this, I don't know how they measure that because there's no...
There really isn't any supply and demand for this, because it's just a fucking percentage of the market. That being said, I mean, it looks like Bitcoin dominance is, you could look at it two ways. You could say we're in a falling wedge, and even then, that doesn't really look good, in my opinion. I guess if you drop from here.
But if anything, I see more of like a descending triangle. I really don't trade these retail patterns, but it doesn't look good, in my opinion, which I would like that. I would like Bitcoin dominance to continue to fall. And for the rest of the actual value in the market, not the shit coins, but great layer ones to see.
Some of the funds shift from Bitcoin, which is really just a storage of wealth, but into more capable networks that can actually implement programmable smart contracts that you can have multiple use cases, not just one. Or I guess you could say two with a payment method and a storage of value. And there's a lot of stuff going on. Like I have a buddy who's a Bitcoin Maxie and he's a really smart guy.
He swears up and down that they're going to have smart contracts on Bitcoin and this and that. I don't know. But what I do know is that I could easily see a flippening of value. And when I say that, I don't mean Bitcoin or Ethereum being worth more market cap, obviously not price. But I do think we could see a shift in how strong...
Because if you look at this, I mean, if you look at a weekly, Ethereum is just set to continuously outperform Bitcoin. Like, no question in my mind. You know what I mean? So I think also with the merger, a lot of maxis are going to be down fucking bad. I see Ethereum at 10% of a Bitcoin within this year.
It's crazy how I guarantee none of you guys. Hopefully some of you guys held this, but I almost want to make a bet that nobody held this.
That was another coin on the daily. We came back down into this demand zone. I want to see a change of character. And same setup with everything else, really. Fair value gap up above, sitting on high time frame demand. Expansive move to the downside, so you could expect a possible recovery bounce and then swing those positions if we are to remain super bullish.
and just take off from here, which, I mean, don't say, never say never, because, like, let's look at last year. I mean, you can't expect this, but, like, if you go back to last year, like, this right here, obviously, we're not seeing this kind of action right now, but this was where we were at, right? This kind of high time frame demand sitting at equilibrium, right? Obviously, Dodd didn't do the same thing as last year.
But I don't think we're going to see that form of reaction, but I do think that we will see, in certain coins, we'll see a good reaction. Like, I have some faith in AVAX. I don't know why. I just had a random urge to look at Litecoin. If you ask me why. It's your Litecoin. It's just... Honestly, Litecoin's getting to the point where it's one of those coins where I think it might be just dead. Let's see if it has a weekly harmonic.
God if this is the only I'm wanting this can be would be a butterfly and you'd see a fucking being it'd be G money TPs As you've been here for a while. Yes, doesn't look great Man, I don't know you could say weekly cap, but I don't know Also, I know this is crypto chat, but I'm gonna look at gold This dream god this looks so good. It's about to make me load up my fucking prosperity I only have a little bit on there. There's also liquidity down below
I don't know. It is leaving some liquidity. I think this could come down a little bit. At some point, though, gold is going to go to like $3,000. What better a time than World War III worries? Silver? Yeah, for sure. I think silver is almost a better buy than gold if you're buying actual metal. I'm looking at this from a term of just trading, but similar. I mean, cup and handle on the monthly. Just reaccumulation up here.
Let's look at the weekly. You could look at this two ways. There's a ton of liquidity down here. A ton of liquidity. If you can get down and sweep that out, what the fuck is wrong with this volume? I guess it doesn't read back then or something? I don't get it. It's weird.
I would almost look for this to come down more, to be honest, just because all this right here and metals and forex are weird, but they do like the same kind of concepts we use with crypto. People use them more with metals and stuff. Metals are fun. They're cool, but at the same time, you got to be like, you have to understand the rest of the economy because, for instance, like...
Whenever risk on assets are not doing well, you could look for longs on gold because wealth is shifting. But at the same time, the charts can tell you a different thing. And if you're not paying attention to something that's fundamentally going on, another thing you really got to watch with gold is the DXY. This is just the US dollar for those who don't know. You got to watch this shit because your day can get fucking ruined.
Like, what's the thing they have? I just want to completely blink. It's like the enrollment thing they do the first of Friday of every month. Somebody comment it. I think it's like farm. What is it? There's some weird... What the fuck is this one? It's like the employment based on farmers or some shit like that. Yeah, it's this. NFP. That's what it is. NFPs. If you don't... Just simple shit like that, you can get absolutely clapped playing anything like this.
I haven't looked at the dollar in a while. It actually looks fucking pretty good. Shit. Honestly, the dollar looks not that bad. I'm not even gonna lie.
which is not good for us. When you see the dollar pump, remember, we're trading against Tether. 99% of the time, you're trading against USDT or USD if you're on Coinbase. Remember, just like you're looking for Bitcoin USD to pump, if you see DXY, which is USD, if you see USD pumping, that means Bitcoin is denominated by USD. If Bitcoin's value is increasing,
Unless Bitcoin, or I'm sorry, if the dollar's value is increasing, unless the, you know, whatever asset, it's Bitcoin, Ethereum, whatever you're trading against the dollar, unless that's rapidly increasing as well, you're going to see a decline in value from the dollar in itself increasing. And this is just showing people are...
Selling assets and taking profits on investments and it's going back into the US dollar the value Once you sort of look at stuff like value and not money you start looking at everything a lot a lot differently
Well, on that note, I'm going to hop off here, guys. I appreciate all of you as always. If you've got any questions, just add me in chat. Just stay safe during these times. It's pretty rough. Don't just start full porting stuff just because we dipped super hard. Just stay on your toes and keep your head on a swivel. But I will holler at you guys later. I'll be back on a Wednesday. Peace.
