what's up dude i got so goddamn lucky bro like i'm talking like i got so lucky so i had those baby longs i don't know if you saw me post those in smart earlier but um it was like a 2.5 bitcoin long and then a um
The theory I'm long from the signal but I will literally wait until two and as soon as I saw that little bit of like a crazy pump I just closed both of them, bro. Like I didn't get the top here. I'll put the thing in and a Stream chat or not like the voice chat for this this channel, bro. I got so goddamn lucky, bro Mm-hmm. Well, I think this is oh he's talking now. I just realized
Oh, I'm not doing shit until I get done. Well, they already put out they're going to increase to 5.2, right? My computer volume just down left. Sorry, if this is loud for you guys, let me know. I was like, damn this shit. I forgot my volume's so low. Can you guys hear this that are in the Discord? Yeah, okay. Oh, I'm sure that's what's going to happen. Oh, somebody said can't hear him talk on... Hold on one second on this.
All right, sorry about that, guys. Tell me if you can now. And we are strongly committed to returning inflation to our 2% objective. At today's meeting, the committee raised the target range for the federal funds rate by three quarters of a percentage point, bringing the target range to three to three and a quarter percent. And we are continuing the process of significantly reducing the size of our balance sheet, which plays an important role in firming the stance of monetary policy.
Over coming months, we will be looking for compelling evidence that inflation is moving down, consistent with inflation returning to 2%. We anticipate that ongoing increases in the target range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate. The pace of those increases will continue to depend on the incoming data and the evolving outlook for the economy.
With today's action, we have raised interest rates by three percentage points this year. At some point, as the stance of monetary policy tightens further, it will become appropriate to slow the pace of increases while we assess how our cumulative policy adjustments are affecting the economy and inflation. We will continue to make our decisions meeting by meeting and communicate our thinking as clearly as possible. Restoring price stability will likely require maintaining a restrictive policy stance for some time.
The historical record cautions strongly against prematurely loosening policy. As shown in the SEP, the median projection for the appropriate level of the federal funds rate is 4.4 percent at the end of this year, one percentage point higher than projected in June. The median projection rises to 4.6 percent at the end of next year and declines 2.9 percent by the end of 2025, still above the median estimate of its longer run value.
Of course, these projections do not represent a committee decision or plan, and no one knows with any certainty where the economy will be a year or more from now. We are taking forceful and rapid steps to moderate demand so that it comes into better alignment with supply. Our overarching focus is using our tools to bring inflation back down to our 2 percent goal and to keep longer-term inflation expectations well anchored.
Reducing inflation is likely to require a sustained period of below-trend growth, and there will very likely be some softening of labor market conditions. Restoring price stability is essential to set the stage for achieving maximum employment and stable prices over the longer run. We will keep at it until we're confident the job is done.
To conclude, we understand that our actions affect communities, families, and businesses across the country. Everything we do is in service to our public mission. We at the Fed will do everything we can to achieve our maximum employment and price stability goals. Thank you, and I look forward to your questions. Hi, Chair Powell. Thank you for taking our questions. Gina Smiley from The New York Times. I wonder if you could give us a little detail around how you'll know when to slow down these rate increases and how you'll eventually know when to stop.
So I will answer your question directly, but I want to start here today by saying that my main message has not changed at all since Jackson Hole. The FOMC is strongly resolved to bring inflation down to 2%, and we will keep at it until the job is done.
So the way we're thinking about this is the overarching focus of the committee is getting inflation back down to 2%. To accomplish that, we think we'll need to do two things in particular to achieve a period of growth below trend and also some softening in labor market conditions to foster a better balance between demand and supply in the labor market. So on the first, committee's forecasts and those of most outside forecasters do show growth running.
below its longer-run potential this year and next year. On the second, though, so far there's only modest evidence that the labor market is cooling off. Job openings are down a bit. As you know, quits are off their all-time highs. There are some signs that some wage measures may be flattening out but not moving up. Payroll gains have moderated but not much. And in light of the high inflation we're seeing, we think we'll need to-
And in light of what I just said, we think that we'll need to bring our funds rate to a restrictive level and to keep it there for some time. So what will we be looking at, I guess, is your question. So we'll be looking at a few things. First, we'll want to see growth continuing to run below trend. We'll want to see movements in the labor market showing a return to a better balance between supply and demand. And ultimately, we'll want to see clear evidence that inflation is moving back down to 2%.
He can't answer the question at all, really. In terms of reducing rates, I think we'd want to be very confident that inflation is moving back down to 2 percent before we would consider that. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Steve Leisman, CNBC. Can you talk about how you factor in the variable lags on inflation and the extent to which
the outlook for rate should be seen as linear in the sense that you keep raising rates, or can you envision a time when there's a pause to kind of look at what has been wrought in the economy from the rate increases? Thank you. Sure.
So, of course, monetary policy does famously work with long and variable lags. The way I think of it is our policy decisions affect financial conditions immediately. In fact, financial conditions have usually been affected well before we actually announce our decisions. Then changes in financial conditions begin to affect economic activity fairly quickly, within a few months. But it's likely to take some time.
to see the full effects of changing financial conditions on inflation. So we are very much mindful for that. And that's why I noted in my opening remarks that at some point, as the stance of policy tightens further, it will become appropriate to slow the pace of rate hikes while we assess how our cumulative policy adjustments are affecting the economy and inflation. So that's how we think about that. Your second question, sorry, was?
point in time you can see pausing is it linear that you keep raising rates or is there oh I'm sorry
I should know better than to not talk with my microphone. I should know better than to answer your second question. Well, there you go. Is it linear? Do you keep raising rates, or is there a pause that you could envision where you kind of figure out what has happened to the economy and give time to catch up in the real economy, the rate increase in the real economy? Thank you. So I think it's very hard to say with precise certainty the way this is going to unfold.
As I mentioned, what we think we need to do and should do is to move our policy rate to a restrictive level that's restrictive enough to bring inflation down to 2%, where we have confidence of that. And what you see in the SEP numbers is people's views as of today, as of this meeting, as to the kind of levels that will be appropriate. Now, those will evolve over time. And I think we'll...
We'll just have to see how that goes. There is a possibility, certainly, that we would go to a certain level that we're confident in and stay there for a time. But we're not at that level. Clearly, today, we've just moved, I think, probably into the very lowest level of what might be restrictive. And certainly, in my view and the view of the committee, there's a ways to go.
Hi, Chair Powell. Rachel Siegel from The Washington Post. Thank you for taking our questions. The projections show the unemployment rate rising to 4.4 percent next year. And historically, that kind of rise in the unemployment rate would typically bring a recession with it. Should we interpret that to mean no soft landing? And is that kind of rise necessary to get inflation down? Right. So you're right. In the SEP, there is a
what I would characterize as a relatively modest increase in the unemployment rate from a historical perspective, given the expected decline in inflation. Now, why is that? So really, that is what we generally expect, because we see the current situation as outside of historical experience in a number of ways. And I'll mention a couple of those. First, and you know these, but first, job openings are incredibly high relative to the number of people looking for work.
It's plausible, I'll say, that job openings could come down significantly, and they need to, without as much of an increase in unemployment as has happened in earlier historical episodes. So that's one thing. In addition, in this cycle, longer-run inflation expectations have generally been fairly well anchored. And as I've said, there's no basis for complacency there. But to the extent that continues to be the case, that should make it easier to restore price stability.
And I guess the third thing I would point to that's different this time is that part of this inflation is caused by this series of supply shocks that we've had, beginning with the pandemic and really with the reopening of the economy, and more recently amplified and added to by Russia's invasion of Ukraine, have all contributed to the sharp increase in inflation. So these are the kinds of events that are not really seen in prior business cycles.
start to get better. And we do see some evidence of the beginnings of that. It's not much more than that, but it's good to see that. For example, commodity prices look like they may have peaked for now. Supply chain disruptions are beginning to resolve. Those developments, if sustained, could help ease the pressures on inflation. So let me just say how much these factors will turn out to really matter in this sequence of events, it remains to be seen. We have always understood.
that restoring price stability while achieving a relatively modest decline or rather increase in unemployment and a soft landing would be would be very challenging. And we don't know. No one knows whether this process will lead to a recession or if so, how significant that recession would be. That's going to depend on how quickly wage and price inflation inflation pressures come down, whether expectations remain anchored and whether.
you know also do we get more labor supply which would help as well in addition the chances of a soft landing landing are likely to diminish to the extent that policy needs to be more restrictive or restrictive for longer nonetheless we're committed to getting inflation back down to two percent because we think that a failure to restore price stability would mean far greater pain later on
Are vacancies still at the top of your list in terms of understanding the labor market and how much room there is there? Yes. Vacancies are still almost two to one ratio to unemployed people. That and quits are really very good ways to look at how tight the labor market is and how different it is from other cycles where generally the unemployment rate itself is the single best indicator. We think those things have for quite a time now.
really added value in terms of understanding where the labor market is.
Nick Timmeros of The Wall Street Journal. You said not too long ago in describing the policy destination, there's still a way to go. But I imagine you have to have some idea about how you're thinking about your destination, whether it's a stopping point or a pausing point. And so I was wondering if you could discuss how you are thinking about, as the data come in, where that destination is, how it's moving up if inflation doesn't perform as you expect.
Do you want to have a policy rate that's above the underlying inflation rate, for example? And do you have an estimate for where you think the underlying inflation rate might be in the economy right now? Well, so, again, we believe that we need to...
raise our policy stance overall to a level that is restrictive. And by that, I mean is putting meaningful downward pressure on inflation. That's what we need to see in the stance of policy. We also know that there are long and variable lengths, particularly as they relate to inflation. So it's a challenging assessment. So what do you look at? You look at broader financial conditions. As you know, you look at
where rates are real and nominal in some cases. You look at credit spreads, you look at financial conditions indexes. We also, I would think, and you see this in the, this is something we talked about today in the meeting and talk about in all of our meetings, and you see this, I think, in the committee forecast. You want to be at a place where real rates are positive across the entire yield curve. And I think that would be the case if you look at the numbers that we're writing down and think about
measure those against some sort of forward-looking assessment of inflation expectations, I think you would see at that time, you'd see positive real rates across the yield curve. And that is also an important consideration. Hi, Howard Schneider with Reuters. Thanks for the opportunity. I just want to be clear on the steps.
You say it's meeting by meeting, but it sure looks like we're going 75, 50, 25. Is 75 next month the baseline?
So we make one decision per meeting, and the decision we made today was to raise the federal funds rate by 75. You're right that the median for the year-end suggests another 125 basis points in rate increases. But there's also another fairly large group that saw 100 basis points, in addition to where we are today.
So that would be 25 basis points less. So, you know, we're going to make that decision at the meeting. We didn't make that decision today. We didn't vote on that. I would say that, you know, we're committed to getting to a restrictive level for the federal funds rate and getting there pretty quickly. And that's what we're thinking about. So just as a follow-up to that, I'm wondering about the sort of risk management considerations here, given there's some discussion now of overdoing it.
What's the incentive to continue front-loading right now? Is it a lack of progress on inflation seen in the CPI reports, or is it a motivation to get as much done while the job market is still as strong as it is? So what we've seen is inflation has – our expectation has been that we would begin to see inflation come down, largely because of supply-side healing. By now, we would have thought that we would have seen some of that.
We haven't. We have seen some supply-side healing, but inflation has not really come down. If you look at core PCE inflation, which is a good measure of where inflation is running now, if you look at it on a 3-, 6-, and 12-month trailing annualized basis, you'll see that inflation is at 4.8%, 4.5%, and 4.8%. So that's a pretty good summary of where we are with inflation. And that's not where we expected or wanted to be.
So what that tells us is that we need to continue and we can keep doing these. And we did today do another large increase as we approach the level that we think we need to get to. And we're still discovering what that level is. But people are writing that down in their SEP where they think policy needs to be. So that's how that's how we're thinking about it.
Colby Smith for Financial Times. Chair Powell, how should we interpret the fact that core inflation is still not forecast in the SEP to be back to target in 2025, and yet the dot plot projects cuts as early as 2024? And does that mean there's a level of inflation above the 2% target that the Fed is willing to tolerate?
So I guess core is at 2.1 in 2025 and the median and headline is at 2.0. So that's pretty close. I mean, we write down our forecasts and we figure out what the median is and we publish it. So it's not done. I mean, I would say that if, you know, if actually followed this path, this would be a pretty good outcome. But you're right. It is a tenth higher than 2%.
Just as a quick follow up, I mean, if the concern is that underlying inflation is becoming more entrenched perhaps each month, then why forego the more aggressive 100 basis point increase today? And does that risk having to do more later on? Yeah, so we as we as we said, you know, at the last press conference and in between that one and this one, we said that we would make our decision based on the overall data coming in. So you remember, we got a we got a surprisingly low.
reading in July, and then a surprisingly high reading for August. So I think you have to, you can't really, you never want to overreact too much to any one data point. So if you look at them together, and as I just mentioned, if you really, really look at this year's inflation, three, six, and 12-month railing, you see inflation is running too high. It's running 4.5% or above. You don't need to know much more than that. If that's the one thing you know, you know that this committee is committed.
to getting to a you know meaningfully restrictive stance of policy and staying there until until we feel confident that inflation is coming down that's how we that's how we think about it
Hi, Victoria Guido with Politico. I wanted to ask about the balance sheet. You all have left open the possibility that you might sell mortgage-backed securities, but we've seen significant slowing in the housing market. Mortgage rates have gone up significantly, and I'm just wondering whether conditions there might affect your plans for how quickly you have the runoff on the MBS side. So what we said, as you know, was that we would consider that once balance sheet...
runoff is well underway. I would say it's not something we're considering right now and not something I expect to be considering in the near term. It's something I think we will turn to, but the time for turning to it has not come and is not close. Will conditions in the housing market affect that decision? I think a number of things might affect that decision, but the main thing is we're not considering that decision, and I don't expect that we will anytime soon.
Thanks. Neil Irwin with Axios. A number of commentators have come to the view, including over at the World Bank, that simultaneous global tightening around the world creates a risk of a global recession that's worse than is necessary to bring inflation down. How do you see that risk? How do you think of coordination with your fellow central bankers? And is there much risk of overdoing it on a global level?
So we actually, my colleagues and I, a number of my FOMC colleagues and I just got back from one of our frequent trips to Basel, Switzerland, to meet with other senior central bank officials from around the world. We are in pretty regular contact and we exchange. Of course, we all serve a domestic mandate, domestic objectives. In our case, the dual mandate, maximum employment price stability. But we regularly discuss
what we're seeing in terms of our own economy and international spillovers and it's it's a very ongoing constant kind of a process so um we are very aware of what's going on in in other economies around the world and what that means for us and vice versa our the forecast that we that we put together that our staff puts together and that we put together on our own always take all of that try to take all that into account i mean i can't say that we do it perfectly but it's not it's not as if we don't think about
you know the the policy decisions monetary policy and otherwise the economic developments that are taking place in major economies that can have an effect on the us economy that is very much baked into our our own forecast and our own understanding of of you know of the us economy as best we can it won't be perfect so you know i i don't see it it's hard to talk about collaboration in a world where people have very different levels of interest rates if you remember
There were coordinated cuts and raises and things like that at various times. But really, we're in very different situations. But I will tell you, our contact is more or less ongoing. And it's not coordination, but there's a lot of information sharing. And we all, I think, are informed by what other important economies that are important to the United States are doing.
Craig Torres from Bloomberg. Chair Powell, you talked about some ways the higher interest rates are affecting the economy, but we've also seen a resilient labor market with durable consumption, strong corporate profits. And I'm wondering what your story is on the resilience of the economy. After all, you and your colleagues said, well, we started tightening in March when we were talking about interest rates in the future. And indeed,
treasury rates moved up so we should have had a lot of tightening um taking effect why is the economy in your view so resilient and does it mean that we might need a possibly higher terminal rate
You're right, of course. The labor market in particular has been very strong. But there are, you know, the sectors of the economy that are most interest rate sensitive are certainly showing the effects of our tightening. And, of course, the obvious example is housing, where you see declining activity of all different kinds and housing price increases moving down. So we're having an effect on
on interest sensitive spending uh i think through through exchange rates we're having an effect on on exports and imports i think um so all of that's happening but you're right it's just and we've we've said this you know this is a this is a strong robust economy people have savings on their balance sheet from the period when they couldn't spend and where they were getting government transfers they're still very significant savings out there although
not as much at the lower end of the income spectrum, but still some savings out there to support growth. The states are very flush with cash. So there's good reason to think that this will continue to be a reasonably strong economy. Now, the data sort of are showing that growth is going to be below trend this year. We think of trend as being about 1.8% in that range.
We're forecasting growth well below that, and most forecasters are. But you're right, there's certainly a possibility that growth can be stronger than that. And, you know, that's a good thing because that means the economy will be more resistant to, you know, to a significant downturn. You know, but of course, we are focused on the thing I started with, which is getting inflation back down to 2%. We can't fail to do that.
If we were to fail to do that, that would be the thing that would be most painful for the people that we serve. So for now, that has to be our overarching focus. And you see that, I think, in the SEP, in the levels of rates that we'll be moving to reasonably quickly, assuming things turn out roughly in line with the SEP. So that's how we think about it.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. In a world of euphemisms that we live in here with below trend growth and modest increase in unemployment, I'm wondering if I could ask you a couple of direct questions for the American people. Do the odds now favor, given where you are and where you're going with interest rates, favor a recession? 4.4% unemployment is about 1.3 million jobs. Is that acceptable job loss? And then given that...
The data you look at is backward looking and the lags in your policy are forward looking and you don't know what they are. How will you know or will you know if you've gone too far? So I don't know what the odds are. I think that there's a very high likelihood that we'll have a period of.
what I've mentioned is below trend growth, by which I mean much lower growth, and we're seeing that now. So the median forecast, I think, this year for among my colleagues and me was 0.2% growth. So that's very slow growth. And then below trend next year, I think the median was 1.2, also well below. So that's a slower, that's a very slow level of growth, and it could give rise to increases in unemployment. But I think that's...
So that is something that we think we need to have. And we think we need to have softer labor market conditions as well. You know, we're never going to say that there are too many people working. But the real point is this. Inflation, what we hear from people when we meet with them is that they really are suffering from inflation. And if we want to set ourselves up, really, really light the way to another period of a very strong labor market, we have got to get.
inflation behind us i wish there were a painless way to do that there isn't so what we need to do is get rates up to to the point where we're putting meaningful downward pressure on inflation and that's what we're that's what we're doing and we we don't certainly don't don't hope we we certainly haven't given up the idea that we can have a relatively modest increase in in unemployment nonetheless we need to complete this task
If you've gone too far. It's hard to hypothetically deal with that question. I mean, again, our really tight focus now continues to be ongoing rate increases to get the policy rate up where it needs to be. And as I said, you can look at this SEP as today's estimate of where we think those rates would be. Of course, they will evolve over time.
I wanted to follow up with what you just mentioned about the labor market. You've said several times that to have the labor market we want, we need price stability. You've suggested maybe there isn't a trade-off in the long run. But in the short run, there is a lot of concern, as people have been expressing here, about higher unemployment as a result of these rate hikes or as a result of rate hikes. So can you explain, though, what about high inflation now?
threatens the job market. I mean, you seem to suggest that inflation, high inflation will eventually lead to a bigger job market. So can you spell that out a little more for the general public and how that would work? So for starters, people are seeing their wage increases, their wage increases eaten up by inflation. So if your family is one where you spend most of your paycheck, every paycheck cycle on gas, food, transportation.
clothing, basics of life, and prices go up the way they've been going up, you're in trouble right away. You don't have a cushion. And this is very painful for people at the lower end of the income and wealth spectrum. So that's what we're hearing from people is very much that inflation is really hurting. So how do we get rid of inflation? And as I mentioned, it would be nice if there were a way to just wish it away, but there isn't. We have to get supply and demand back.
into alignment. And the way we do that is by slowing the economy. Hopefully we do that by slowing the economy and we see some softening in labor market conditions and we see a big contribution from supply side improvements and things like that. But none of that is guaranteed. In any case, our job is to deliver price stability. And I think you can think of price stability as an asset that just delivers.
large benefits to society over a long period of time. We really saw that for a long time. The United States had 2% inflation, didn't move around much, and that was enormously beneficial to the public that we serve. And we have to get back to that and keep it for another long period of time. To pull back from the task of doing that is you're just postponing. The record shows that if you postpone that, that delay is only likely to lead
to more pain. So, you know, I think we're moving to do what we need to do and do our jobs, and that's what you see us doing. Thank you for taking the question, Mr. Chairman. Edward Lawrence for Fox Business. So you had said that Americans and businesses need to feel some economic pain as we go forward. How long from here should Americans be prepared for that economic pain?
How long? I mean, it really depends on how long it takes for wages and more than that prices to come down, for inflation to come down. And so what you see in our projections today is that inflation moves down significantly over the course of next year and then more the next year after that. And I think once you're on that path, that's a good thing.
And things will start to feel better to people. They'll feel lower inflation. They'll feel the economy is improving. And also, if our projections are close to right, you will see that the costs in unemployment, they're meaningful. And they're certainly very meaningful to the people who lose their jobs. And we talk about that in our meetings quite a lot. But at the same time, we'd be setting the economy up for another long period.
This this era has been noted for very long expansions. We've had three of the four longest in measured history since we got inflation under control. And that's that's not an accident. So when inflation is low and stable, you can have these nine, 10, 11, 10 year anyway expansions. And you saw you can see what we saw in 2018, 19 and 20, which was.
very low unemployment, the biggest wage gains going to people at the low end of the spectrum, the smallest racial gaps that we've seen since we started keeping track of that. So we want to get back to that. But to get there, we're going to have to get supply and demand back in alignment. And that's going to take tight monetary policy for a period of time.
What is that economic pain in your mind? Is it job losses? Is it higher interest rates on credit cards? What is that economic pain? So it's all of those things. You know, higher interest rates, slower growth, and a softening labor market are all painful for the public that we serve. But they're not as painful as failing to restore price stability and then having to come back and do it, you know, down the road again and doing it at a time when actually
Now people have really come to expect, you know, high inflation. If the concept of high inflation becomes entrenched in people's economic thinking about their decisions, then sort of getting back to price stability, the cost of getting back to price stability just rises. And so we want to avoid that. We want to act aggressively now and get this job done and keep at it until it's done.
Thank you, Chairman Powell, Nicole Goodkind, CNN Business. Existing home sales have fallen for seven months straight. Mortgage rates are at their highest level since 2008, yet mortgage demand increased this week and housing prices are still elevated. Now, at the end of your June press conference, you mentioned plans to reset the housing market. I was wondering if you could elaborate on what you mean when you say reset and what you think it will take to actually get there.
So when I say reset, I'm not looking at a particular specific set of data or anything. What I'm really saying is that we've had a time of a red-hot housing market all over the country where famously houses were selling to the first buyer at 10% above the ask before even seeing the house, that kind of thing. So there was a big imbalance between supply and demand. Housing prices were going up at an unsustainably fast level.
The deceleration in housing prices that we're seeing should help bring sort of prices more closely in line with rents and other housing market fundamentals. And, you know, that's a good thing. For the longer term, what we need is supply and demand to get better aligned so that housing prices go up at a reasonable level at a reasonable pace and that people can afford houses again. And I think we so we probably in the housing market have to go through a correction to get back to that place.
There are also longer run issues, though, with the housing market. As you know, it's difficult to find lots now close enough to cities and things like that. So builders are having a hard time getting zoning and lots and workers and materials and things like that. But from a sort of business cycle standpoint, this difficult correction should put the housing market back into better balance.
Shelter made up such a large part of this hot CPI report that we saw. Do you think that there is a lag and that we will see that come down in the coming months? Or do you think that there's still this imbalance that needs to be addressed?
No, I think that shelter inflation is going to remain high for some time. You know, we're looking for it to come down, but it's not exactly clear when that will happen. So it may take some time. So I think, you know, hope for the best, plan for the worst. So I think on shelter inflation, you've just got to assume that it's going to remain pretty high for a while. Okay, we'll go to Gene for the last question.
Hi, Jean Young with Market News. You've talked about the need to get real rates into positive territory, and you said earlier that policy is just moving into that territory now. So I'm curious, how restrictive is rates at 4.6% expected? Is that expected to be next year? How restrictive? So I think if you look, you know, when we get to, if we, let's assume we do get to that level.
which I think is likely, you know, what you're going to do is you're going to adjust that for some forward-looking measure of inflation. And, you know, that could be you pick your measure. It could be, you know, there are all kinds of different things you could pick and you get. But what you'll get is a positive number. In all cases, you will get forward inflation expectations in the short term, I think, that are going to be.
assuming that we're doing our jobs appropriately, that will be significant. So you'll have a positive federal funds rate.
at that point, which could be 1% or so. But I mean, I don't know exactly what it would be, but it would be significantly positive when we get to that level. And let me say, we've written down what we think is a plausible path for the federal funds rate. The path that we actually execute will be enough. It will be enough to restore price stability. So this is something that, as you can see, they've moved up, and we're going to continue to...
watch incoming data and the evolving outlook and ask ourselves whether our policy is in the right place as we go. Thank you very much. Well, that's that. So main takeaways I got from that is I was watching the charts as that happened. We'll go now back to that. I was going to say.
So now with NQ, we're going to NQ now. Really everything, but we'll start with NQ. So we took the buy side from our most recent external range, which was this over here. This is the weekly open. We had the buy side liquidity.
We had sell-aside liquidity down here at the bottom. It was taken. So now we now have a new range on relative to a 15-minute time frame, the lower time frames. So whenever we look at ranges, we consistently are bouncing. Hold on, somebody's mic is actually crazy. I don't know whose it is. Sorry, toasted. So when we're looking at ranges, very simple.
Okay, we're looking at ranges we have
a very simple way to look at liquidity, and this is actually a really interesting, or not even interesting, a very easy to explain model because of liquidity. There's external liquidity, and then we have our internal liquidity, which is going to be fair value gaps, order blocks, lows within the external range, things of that nature. So here we look, we have our internal range liquidity. Now we've returned to that. So this is a very fickle area, but usually,
You would look for a return back up to buy side because the overall structure would be theoretically bullish, right? Because we came, then we took the sell side, then we took the buy side. So now, you know, we might move up. I'm not going to play any of this right now. I'll just be upfront with you. But, you know, like the way you confirm it is a displaced bracket structure above this high. And you do the same thing. You're just using ranges to determine, you know, where you think price is drawing towards. Now, we talked about on Monday.
that price are drawn liquidity was this imbalance. Now, I will say we weren't completely right, as in the fact that I wanted us to move up to it before the FOMC, but...
That's still, the bias hasn't changed. I still see, it seems like we came down into this imbalance nicely before. We kind of talked about that. Had this impulse move. So again, we're looking for price to move within a range. So our range is this. So we go from premium to a discount, creating new external, because we took the old external liquidity, and now we have internal liquidity, which is going to be inside this fair value gap, and this internal buy side liquidity at that high.
So I'm not going to touch anything today after that shit show. But the plan still hasn't changed from a higher time frame perspective. I think we're coming up to take out this high up here.
Now the one hour is a little different one hour you could look at it like okay Now we really have a massive range, but if you look we've already pretty much taken out everything to the sell side in this range So unless we're just going to continue plummeting down You would look for some form of a move to the upside so
Cost of housing will continue to stay higher than it should be. I don't think it's nothing crazy that we didn't expect except, you know, talking about not cutting anything until 2025. But we'll see how it goes. Again, like he said, it's not, you know, nothing is cemented. The GDP came back horrible as well. Yeah. That's one of the factors that could...
Just invalidate because I have the same feeling that we're going to go up because we have to take out that liquidity up there. But just because of that simple factor, I think hedge funds would start taking risk off heavy. Yeah, potentially. But they have to do that somewhere. I really want it to go up. I have targets up there because I have longs to get rid of up there.
Yeah, because I think the way that if I was a hedge fund and as much as they want to dump, they don't even have the liquidity to do so. That's why I think they'll push it toward the buy side. And then I do think we'll probably dump it. I will say one thing, not to be all moon boy, and I don't think this is going to happen, but just...
Theoretically, using the same stuff that we use to call this bottom, there's always a possibility, which I'm not saying I'm calling this or anything, but there's also a possibility that you go up to this monthly order block and wreck everybody's hopes and dreams. But I highly doubt that. I mean, the thing is, a lot could argue that this is already priced in. I could see that narrative. And we look at this.
We haven't really camp in 10. That was the monthly order buck I did on another timeframe. But when you look at the weekly impulse move, we did come to a premium, but there is still internal liquidity that never was swept. So it's always a possibility, but I'm not really wanting to try to predict all of that, but I don't think that that's totally impossible. Also a lot of equal highs up there. But right now I think we're going to draw up to this, but I would wait for tomorrow.
um because we don't really have much of a range here you know like i think this is going to ping around potentially move even more down that would be ideal um i think there was something on es that i had looked at that hadn't been filled yeah this was what i was watching for es so this right here which i don't know if we'll get that without just plummeting
But I do see this little imbalance down here. It's not too, too far from us. So I could see the market pulling down and drawing into that. It almost looks like it's kind of drawing into that. So that was what I see on ES. NQ is a little cleaner, but that's how it's been lately. Yeah, I wanted those lows to get taken out on NQ and ES before trying to move back up. But NQ cleared them. NQ cleared all liquidity to the downside, like you said.
I don't know. It was like the two. Yeah. Yeah. No, they did. They did. He thanks. It was crazy, bro. Like look at the times on this. Hold on one second. Where is this? The times that I got this shit closed, bro, was ridiculous. I got lucky as fuck. I mean, I knew I was going to close as soon as I saw like the little pump. Look at the times. I was looking at this thing. I got 12 seconds and 16 seconds. I closed those bitches like right. Literally.
And as the shit started dumping, Bitcoin was the one that actually made a nice bit. I did ETH second. ETH would have been better, but like literally you could see, like I'm going to cancel my, what's it called? Because I don't ever use the seconds. Damn it. I was going to see how fast it dumped. Because I swear it was like, bro, I closed them. And by the time I got looked up, I was like, oh my God, I would have been so fucking sick if I wouldn't have closed that.
I think the power of three, a nice effect here. I think, I mean, crypto, I mean, I'll just be honest. I think crypto looks like it wants to go higher, but we'll see. It's been a pretty wild week. I mean, I'm looking at it. We come up, come down to return to order block. Then there's a lower timeframe order box that we're seeking this liquidity.
Got that, obviously, and then got everything else as well. So basically everything in this range we're within on the sell side is now taken, except the actual external liquidity down there. So I could see it's come up and clear out some of these highs, maybe even this high going to that daily imbalance. Because again, the thing is with these, they're just unmitigated. It's not like an imbalance that's been dug into a little bit. It's just a massive fucking imbalance.
DXY. I mean, to be honest with you, it's really not that much structure, but I'm going to take everything in a grain of salt just because everything that's going on right now.
If you can't get back above this box right here, you'd probably see some relief. But I think the best move with this kind of stuff is just wait until tomorrow. There's no need in trying to do anything today. Unless, you know, if you bought like the bottom, like when everything dipped, I could see somebody doing that for like a little lotto or something, you know, but with nothing more than you could lose. But, yeah.
Well guys, that's probably it for today. I know it's kind of over after the stream is over, but there's not really much that I'm going to be participating in. The ETH, I don't know if some people, I know some people from Playbit held it. They never got, you never got stopped if you just held the original stop loss. So we'll see how that goes.
But on that note, we'll go ahead and cut it and then tomorrow we'll hop on here and just to give a little bias of what I'm leaning towards. Of course, I want to see more of a range develop, but I am leaning more towards upside into this imbalance still.
But yes, I think we could ideally it would be nice, which I'm not trying to be like the crystal ball guy, but as if we preserve this range or at least Something similar, you know something like this and you know move around through the night and then we come up there and then that would be like an ideal long area but Again, not trying to predict the future. We'll just take it candle by candle and see what we got in the morning But until then you guys stay safe. Just chill Maybe journal some of the price action
But, uh, no DJ and I will see you guys tomorrow. Peace.
