What's up, what's up? I'll give everybody a second to get in here. I'll put my stream yard on one side of the screen so I actually see the comments from both. What's up, Timothy? But from both Discord and YouTube.
And also, for those of you that are in Discord, if you could put it in stream chat, like if you have any questions, just to keep it organized so I can kind of see it better because crypto chat people will be talking and it's easy for me to lose questions or TA requests or anything like that. What's up, Ayan?
I'll go ahead and get started a little bit. So one thing I wanted to review was this morning where we took those trades. I don't know if I deleted the positions to keep my, I think I kept, not that one. So I'm going to go in a little bit. This is how it should have been played. Where was it? I've been doing a lot of TA tonight. There we go. So we'll go over the first long position that resulted in a break even.
So the initial logic behind this trade was whenever we're looking at the morning range or the daily range from midnight on. For instance, if we come on and we're trading the New York session, you're trading anywhere starting from 7 up until 11 a.m., preferably 10 a.m. with crypto. There's two ways to look at it. The kill zone is really 7.
to 9 a.m eastern time but where the e or the uh where bitcoin trades like the s p and the nasdaq you can a lot of times see entries all the way up to 11 a.m so for those of you who are just starting and can't really remember it you can use indicators there's some ict kill zone indicators you can also just put um
These vertical lines on your chart at different times kind of like to let you know like You know when to trade or when not to trade I guess I should say so You could say put one here and we'll do another one
It's really going to be redundant until we're going over, but whatever. We'll put it right there. Now, once we have this zone established, and this is where you're sitting down at your desks, this or sometime after it. So, you know, once we want to look for a level, if you're playing the liquidity raid setup that happens a lot of times, either coming into New York Stock Market Open, which is around 930,
or also into London close, which is 10. So you can oftentimes see a stop raid scenario where we look for any recent internal structure. It doesn't have to be swing structure. It can be internal structure, but to be raided.
And then we'll see a quick move to the opposite area of liquidity. So, you know, we have to have more than just a stop rate to have this trade framework, if you will. You can get the framework from the low being rated. So, for instance, right here. So, we came down. We had a low that was rated. So, let's go back. I'm going to go to the replay.
We'll go back here on like a one minute just to give you guys some insight on this. So, I mean, we saw displacement here. I mean, you saw gaps. They were filled pretty quickly. Not necessarily always the best for a long bias, but it's not something to cancel a trade over. But here we came under this old low and then we saw.
displacement and move upside enough to where we did have a gap, right? We had a gap here, right there.
The one minute. Get rid of this edit mode. But we had a gap there on the one minute. And usually when you're playing these stop rates, you can just wait for price. There might be one fair value gap. There might be two. There might be multiple across the one to five minute frame. Usually you're going to find them on the one and two minute. But if you have one, you can wait until price comes into this area and then play the reversal. Stops under the recent low.
You know, depending on your wrist haunts, you could use the recent internal low, which would be just where the push to the upside genuinely started, which wasn't this low. That would have been this low right here. Right. That with Bitcoin doesn't work as well. I've noticed it works better with currency pairs like like Forex currency pairs. But it's two different ways you could play it. We put stops here and we would we're going to target.
these highs up here. So we look back on the 15-minute range of the daily high, the high of the day, or the high of the previous session, one of the previous sessions. We could have targeted, I think we had some other TP lines that I did delete. We were going to target the London highs or the highs of that morning in New York, which I think would have been right here, one of these highs right here. And then just the highs of the last session, which in this scenario, we had these Tokyo highs, but...
a lot of liquidity in the form of equal highs. So if price were to continue on that path, that would have been the price targets. Now, in this trade, we saw price go one to one, which means we had a quick little move to where we were in profits. I think it was actually more than one to one, but in profits, the same amount we would be if we had had our stop loss hit. I see a lot of people asking me, what's one to one?
and this is the best way to explain it if you're like me a visual learner because i know it can get confusing but just don't overthink it it's literally just your reward was one to one to your risk so if we're risking one percent of our portfolio on these trades and we go one to one that means your pnl was up one percent of your portfolio
Now, obviously, we're not going to take full profits here. We don't take one-to-one trades. That'd be completely redundant because we're going to take losses. You want to make sure that you can control your downside overall by taking these high reward-to-risk trades. So we're not going to take all at that level, but a good strategy really is to take partials at one-to-one. I don't always do it. I kind of just go by market structure more so.
meaning like it can be internal, really weak highs on different time frames. But in this scenario, we didn't trim, but I always do recommend to put stops or break even no matter what. Now, if you become a little bit more advanced with TA, you can use your own gauge with this because sometimes you may have an entry where you kind of got in a little late.
you were playing some multi-time frame analysis, and you just waited for, say, a one-minute choach, and you got in.
I'm trying to think of an example. For instance, say if this TA would have been played out, if you would have gotten up here, you're not going to set your stop loss to entry as soon because your TA could play out and actually still stop you at an entry and still be a valid trade, if that makes sense. I don't want to confuse people too much and stray away from the main point. But here we saw the trade go one-to-one and quickly start to break even.
The reasons for this looking back
When we look on the four-hour chart, which you want to identify your swing structure in the four-hour, right? We have our strong high right here and a strong low. This is our swing structure and the way I drew it on the four-hour. So we draw a fib here because there's a couple things you want to check off when you're trading. And none of them are necessarily make or break, in my opinion. You can use these with your own strategy and kind of determine a playbook.
where you combine different areas of confluences but um you know here we were in a um premium so longs are riskier and they should be taken uh the profits should be taken more aggressively so you do play longs in these zones now look if we see we have upward movement throughout you know above this 0.5 line anything above the 0.5 is in premium so you know you could have caught long somewhere
Maybe. Most of them probably were down here. But that was the first thing I looked back. I was like, okay, that would have been a good thing to look at before taking them. I mean, you can get really picky with your confluences. And then you could also look at the 15-minute because really the best timeframes, in my opinion, for swing structure, aka finding premium or discount, are going to be your 4-hour and 15-minute. Daily is a cool tool.
but four hours is going to be a little bit more responsive. And yes, so if it's three to one, my bad, I just see these questions. Three to one P&L, if you held all of your position all the way to the full target, you would make 3% of your port, yes.
So that's why it's a very good strategy if you are consistently winning, you know, I mean, at least a 60% win rate. I mean, that's not all that great or all that bad. But three to one is really the lowest I'd like to take. And really, I'm getting more and more to the point where I prefer a four to five or four or five to one. And really, the key to that is refining your stop loss and really.
understanding how internal market structure tends to be on whatever pair you're trading and this is different for everything that's why i think it's really important for you to focus on certain pairs you know i went from here if you see here's my old watch list has 110 coins on it now i don't watch all these anymore why because for one i don't need to there's trades plenty of trades on the majors
And most of these shit coins, unless it has some fundamental catalyst, are going to move with the majors. And really, most of the majors are going to move with Bitcoin and Ethereum. And mainly, we all know it's Bitcoin. So I think it's important to really get Bitcoin fine-tuned. And it is one of the more difficult cryptos to do TA on because of all the amount of manipulation. Now, whenever we...
determine, you know, how we are going to refine these stop losses to where we can get those low risk rewards. You know, that's, you know, maybe using internal market structure for a stop loss rather than the swing low or this and that. And there's different strategies for that. We'll get to that another day, another video. But as for this trade on the four hour, we look back and we say, okay, well, you know, we were in a premium.
longs are going to be you should if you take them you might find opportunities for longs like there was an opportunity here because here's a great example and this is why i want to go back over this in depth so was there an opportunity right
Well, we had the framework. So the framework is going to be a liquidity rate if we're playing this trade model. And there's a ton of different trade models. There's change of character and supply or demand. We have the AMD. I mean, there's tons of trade models and you can even develop your own. That's what I'm trying to do with certain pairs is develop your own trade model or maybe your own variation of a few trade models you learn. One that's been...
And everything evolves too, like everything's going to change. And one thing, if you notice what you're seeing on the high timeframes, the trade models that are playing out or the price action is going to oftentimes translate to those lower timeframes. For instance, if you have a four hour supply zone that you see a 15 minute change of character in that plays out, well, in that 15 minute supply zone that you just made, or I'm sorry, you have 15 minute supply zone, then
you can come back up to it on a one minute and you might see the same exact change of character in that supply. And that's really just doing that multi-time frame analysis and understanding how price action is going right now. So looking back, you know, when I'd been, and this changes, this can change weekly. It can change, you know, I wouldn't say it's going to change multiple times a day or anything, but you'll see it mainly on the one to four hour is how I've been trying to back test. Because before these liquidity rates in the morning,
were playing out to a T. That was how we got quite a bit of those trades that we caught last week with that model. I will say they were more in an optimal trade entry, whether it be premium or discount.
Some weren't. For instance, we hit some crazy longs on AVAX, and the Sologs didn't play out the way we wanted them to, but the TA played out. Our limits didn't get hit. Those both were in a premium of the current swing they were in. You don't have to always play, oh, we're not in premium, oh, we're not in discount, I'm not going to trade it, but it will give you a higher success rate.
And while you can find longs within these, you should take profits. So looking back, the main takeaway I take from this are two things. For one, I didn't really back test since I've got off vacation and see, oh, hey, is this trade model still working? And see what had been working. That was the one thing I look back, I'm like, okay, I could have done that. And for two, I didn't take profits aggressively.
as like I should have. So even if I would have been here, I would have taken 30% or 50% here. I would have made half a percent or 0.3% of a percent. And then when we took a loss later in the day, it would have dampened that blow. Or if we would have taken two break-evens, I would have had at least some money. That's nothing to write home about, but that would have been better than break-even. So you could look at it both of those ways. Now, going back to, like I said,
Looking back on what's been working. Okay. Well, if I go back to the 4-hour, let's go to the 1-hour first. We haven't tapped on any swing structure on the 4-hour. So in the 1-hour, we look, okay, well, there's supply right here. And the reason I use this wick is because I refined it at 15-minute. Oftentimes, you're going to be able to find that...
supply in a WIC. Like if you see this kind of BFI candle where it's obvious bank and financial institutions are at play, creating a WIC like that, you can usually find the supplier demand in the WIC. So we came into one hour point of interest. Let me change this template.
It's a high time frame POI. Okay. Price came into it. If we go down on the one hour, I usually like a five minute change of character. Sometimes even a one minute. It really just depends. So if we look here, we look and price came into this. Let me get rid of this zone right here.
You could look at this, you know, the supply is this candle, this whole, you know, massive candle. This is a good example of somewhere I'd probably maybe look in for like a one minute and see how the one minute looks. You know, same thing here. We really didn't have a very clear area of supply, in my opinion, that I like. I would have almost selected this candle if I had to, but really this is probably...
where you would look and i know it's a down candle this is just a weird way that i look at it i just noticed wicks and i usually like using those levels back tested it works a lot of the time i don't know if it actually hit here or not i don't think it did it came close so what the best thing to have done would have been just use the five minute like like usual if we're on a one minute point of interest i like a five minute
change of character and then we're going to find the supply or attempt to find the supply like we just did that sent us down on that change of character. So really I guess if you look here we had a change of character is really right here if you're using internal structure.
So we could look back and say what was the supply. You could maybe say somewhere in this candle. But in my opinion, the stop loss would have been the same. It would have been up here. Whether you use the bottom of this candle or this candle, it's really the same thing. You could have tried equilibrium of this. Let's see if that worked. It doesn't look like it did.
This is a finicky one. This is one where I probably would have just marked this whole candle up here and just waited for price to come into it. And once price comes into that, then you look, you go back. Okay, well, you just had an entry right here. You had an entry. You could have just set a limit. Yeah, you said there's a one-minute imbalance. Let's see. Looks like there's quite a few. So there's this. Really, just draw like this, in all honesty. And I guess you could move it up if you wanted to this.
Yeah, good. All right, that's really that was where the entrance was and that's why a lot of times you can use fair value gaps to fine-tune your entries. So there's that one minute inefficiency right there At that point you could just use look for a one-minute change of character really your one-minute change of character was right here
If you're using internal structure, here's where you had your high. You came down, you started to make a pullback. The candles started making higher lows. Depending on, you could be greedy and use this inside bar. You could use this right here. Regardless, price came back up, tapped into that supply. So you had a very quick entry. If you wanted to be sniper, you got in right there. Stopped above this recent high. Very good risk to reward.
or you could have waited until we came down and got this. I think this was on the five minute.
I had another five minute change of character. And then you could, you know, refine that and find this one minute supply candle. And I'm really, these weird wick doji looking candles. They're, especially like, you know, call them a tombstone doji, whatever. They're really starting to grow on me. I like them a lot. I mean, they are snipes. And if you can use the bodies of them, I mean, look at that. I mean, that's...
There was a couple ape trades we had that were using these. So there was the second entry. That was really the super fine-tuned entry. I mean, your stop loss was...
let's see yeah i mean really it was right above that candle there's a point almost a you know it's a full port in other words you could have traded that and gotten an insane entry now um you know and didn't take those and the reason being was like i said before hadn't scaled back much and then really looked at the kind of price action that we'd been seeing the past couple days because it all is adaptive you know some days you're seeing the amd
price or the trade model that's playing out of all up to the one hour to the 15 minute or the five minute down to the one minute. And that's where you're using that multi-time frame analysis for added confluence to your change of character or your liquidity rate where we have displacement after. Those are really the two.
the waves right now that I'm seeing work a lot. And that's kind of, it seems like the market is kind of like cycling back between them and you're able to find both entries, but using these fair value gaps. So we have liquidity, it's like a liquidity raid, break microstructure, leave an inefficiency, price comes inefficiency, target the weak highs.
And there's another way now looking back at this as well, because that's where we could have got the big move. But even looking back, because I was like, you know, this you can still catch these trade models. And this is why I don't recommend people necessarily trying to catch some of these moves unless they're really confident in.
The I guess the character of the pair they're trading so when you look at this if you really look at it You could have just used an entry at the you know, so we'll say the top of this inefficiency and a stop-loss below the recent
low and microstructure. So really, you know, where did price really begin to start making higher highs? Well, this was the last low before you saw that. Because here it was just, you know, WIC, we made a lower low. And here is where you saw an impulsive move where it was, we went from here, you know, higher high, higher high, higher high, and so, so forth until the pullback. So if you would have had, you could have put a stop here, maybe like a five pip grace period. If you're going to be that precise, you've got to really get in tune with that. So you could have said like,
You know 145 and the trade would have been there and you could have targeted because really here and This is how this is a good example of how we could have taken profit more aggressively
But you have to have a tighter stop loss because a 4 to 1, this is just a fine trade. Now, in hindsight, this was easier to identify. And these trades that you are finding that are counter trend and also, you know, you're at a premium longing, you have to really execute on them. And in this situation, you know, you would have used your external to this range. You know, if you're going to go by swing structure on the whatever, the five minute, you know, you.
broke down so you're using external structure to kind of play the return to origin so you would have just played up to the supply and that's how you can look at price action in different ways and you know maybe the idea or the framework was there but the opportunity was executed incorrectly
So, while this could have been just a, you know, whatever, sweep under the rug, and this is what most people do whenever they hit a break-even, because to me, I don't look at a break-even like a loss, like it's not a loss, but at the same time, I do. Because there's something that could have been done differently, where it didn't break-even. And that's the way I look at this, is, okay, well, you know, if you're going to play these, you've got to play them with a very aggressive stop.
And you've got to take profits very aggressively. And you have to adapt to the trading environment that you're in.
So I wanted to go over that. I hope that helps some of you guys. It's really about... The alternative to that is you could have just not taken it and taken the bigger moves. Really, that's the way I would have rather traded it. It would have been to go back and say, okay, well, what's price doing? Okay, it seems like the flavor right now is hitting these POIs or supply zones, getting a change of character and shorting off that.
That seems like it's the better move. Obviously, you know, you could have gotten a much bigger move. Now, you would have probably taken most of your profits here. I would have hoped so. You would have probably taken a lot right here if you're smart. And then, you know, the most here and have a very small runner where you're at. Now, going back, or well, going back, I should say, but going to what I'm looking for now.
After we see these, looks like we might get it here soon. You could take an entry off this, which this would be the more risky entry. But the better, or I guess more conservative entry, you could wait until we get this deviation down into this inefficiency. I'll go down to the five minute, and I'll show you what I'm seeing here. I see that we have this range right here. We're getting really range locked. Liquidity is being engineered.
on both sides now usually with this kind of situation the first zone that break or the first side that breaks is going to be you know the opposite of what actually happens because it's a stop rate so you know you have your accumulation right here right then we manipulate and this is this is just the the term for the uh
the trade model. ICT came up with a lot of it. There's a lot of different spins on it. You could play this right here. You could play in this zone, or to get a better entry, you could wait until you get a confirmation. So how can we play this the more responsible way? Okay, well, instead of just entering here, you take this, and you say, okay, once we make this zone up here, we don't have it yet, so this is all just...
You know, speculatory or speculative, but we have price coming. If we can get a break of structure, right, then we have some form of demand that sent us to break that structure. And then we play the return to origin of that. Probably get a much tighter stop loss and a higher risk to reward. So that's one way or two ways, I guess I should say, that you could attack that setup.
What time is it? 9.30? Seems like right now a lot of the Tokyo session, we're seeing these stop runs and more volatility during this session than usual.
What will happen is we'll kind of create a range from Tokyo from here to the close, somewhere around here. I would have considered this your Tokyo low. And then during the London session, you're going to see stop raids and same thing with New York. And oftentimes you can pair this with the higher time frame bias and then also other confluences to find your directional bias for the day.
And just to see how this goes. So I want to see what I want is a I want this second scenario because I want to be a little more conservative with it. I don't want to just, you know, while you might get the lower entry here, you can see this is a 14 to one if it were to hit full target. And then I think the other one would have we can probably get a better risk reward. We don't know exactly what yet because this hasn't played out. But.
That is kind of what I would have my eye on. I don't know how much I'm going to be watching charts tomorrow or it's Saturday. I have some stuff I got to do, but that's kind of what I would look at for Bitcoin going into the weekend. Usually, I would say we don't really have much volume on the weekends, but as you guys know, last weekend, we fucking annihilated Saturday. That was the best day we had trading the whole week. Don't always sleep on weekends.
So really with Bitcoin here, I look at this and also another thing. If you look over here, I think it was on the five minute. If you go back over here, we had this very similar setup. So look at this. This was the range we had. Oh, look at that. Inefficiency. What did the price do? Came down, filled it, clear any microstructure and then flew. Where did it fly? To the next one hour supply zone or back up into premium.
So look at this. What do we have over here? It's a very similar setup. Now we came back, came to this demand. We formed some 15-minute demand right here. Came down and tapped into it. Now what have we done? Change of character in the low time frames. Oh, look at that. Same thing. So that's kind of...
what I would be looking for here for Bitcoin. And from a four-hour perspective, just so you guys know, I mean, in my opinion, we really haven't shifted at all. So, I mean, even if you play change of character on the high timeframes off of internal market structure breaks, you know, really you're, I mean, you could look at it two ways. So you could look at it like, okay, well, and this is the way that I prefer to look at it. We have our swing structure.
This is your swing high, this is your swing low. All this is just internal structure. You could look at it in two ways. You could say this was your internal high, because this is really where the move started to the downside. Or you could say this is where your internal high was. Now, if you're playing that, if you're playing the inside bar highs, which some people do, some people don't, that's where you could say, okay, we did have a bullish change of character.
That's really up to you. I wouldn't look at it like that just yet. For the four-hour, I'd rather have swing structure. But I will say that we don't really have the confirmation yet, but if we look at the daily chart, we're under all old lows for the last two years. We've swept up a ton of liquidity. So I would be apt to try and look more.
for a bullish bias. I just really don't see it yet. I don't see it on the high timeframes yet. I'm not saying I don't think it's going to happen. I'm not saying I think it's, you know, we're just going to continue to drown. I don't know. But as of right now, the high timeframe structure is still bearish, in my opinion. So another thing, if you look...
We're hanging out a lot in premium, and there's a lot of smart money entering the market at optimal trade entry, which I don't really like. Okay, what else? Where was that happening at? Let's take a look. So if we go back to the daily chart, and you can go back on a stream. We had said this pretty close to when we started shorting from like 40. Look back here.
And your major, major swing structure, if you looked, let's draw, I drew it this way, hold on. What was Bitcoin doing? Hanging out at optimal trade entry. Forming a lot of POIs in optimal trade entry. Smart money entering the market or exiting it at optimal trade entry. Prices hanging out a lot in discount.
We're seeing a lot of these big, important areas being built in discount. I'm sorry, in premium, not in discount, in premium. So that's one thing I don't like. But, you know, using liquidity principles, we should start to see a shift at some point. But the thing to keep in mind there is the macroeconomics of the whole world. You know, it's not like we've removed all of the sell-aside liquidity ever from the market.
this i mean we've still got a ton down here at 22k and at 18k and of course tons more but you know i guess the really until we start to make higher lows on the four hour i'm still bearish until the next liquidity target
So that's why when people ask me, you know, oh, what's Bitcoin, you know, what's going to be at in a month? Or is Bitcoin, is this the bottom? And I just, the way that I look at it, I haven't seen a shift on the high time frame. So I have no way to answer that.
But what I can do is I can play with this range, wait till we get good entries, try to wait until we're in premium for shorts because we're still bearish and you can play longs. But like I said before, price should be respected that we're in a bearish narrative and you should take profits accordingly. Usually you're going to be in a buys to sells scenario like that's what this would be. For instance, if this were to play out.
we would see price come back up, most likely into this supply, trim aggressively, probably 50% to 75% here. I mean, you'd be up very much. You'd probably be 5% to 10% of your port in profits.
And then at that point, you would wait until price comes up to your next POI. You'd be fully out of the trade, no runners. And then you're looking for shorts. So that's really the only longs that I see happening in this market. And that's another reason why I would rather be...
more conservative in a way for this to happen, rather than just entering here. Because while we are beaten down and oversold, whatever you want to call it, we're under all these old lows, we've swept a lot of selling interest out of the marketplace, we still haven't seen a shift in the high timeframe structure. So you have to keep that in mind. Overall, I guess just sentiment on Bitcoin, where we're at here.
is I'm going to wait until price gets up to this $30,200, $250, somewhere around that level. That's where I really am going to revisit. Now, if I start to see a change of character in the lower timeframes, probably on the five-minute. I mean, we have a four-hour supply zone here, but in reality, I would probably look at the one-hour zone somewhere in here or in the 15-minute.
And at that point, once price gets there, we revisit it, see if we have a change of character on the five minute. If we do, we can play, you know, you can the initial change of character or you can wait for a second break of structure, go into the one minute and that we just rinse and repeat that same ideology. But what's important is to remember what's going on in the high timeframes.
That's really, I guess, my sentiment on Bitcoin at this moment. If you guys have any coins you want me to do TA on, let me know and I can just hop on those. Really, all I've done is just Bitcoin a lot. I've just been doing Bitcoin. I did some on other coins this morning. I haven't even touched them since then. I haven't even moved the liquidity around or where I think there is liquidity. I actually need to go ahead and do that on all these.
Hey, I really like a price actually that sounds funny I used to kind of like not want to trade it, but I It's just it moves so crazy. It's it's fun to trade
But it's weird. It kind of is in its own lane a lot of the time. I know that whenever everything else... At first, Ape went crazy and Sol was kind of lagging. And then Sol flew to full profit target. And Ape really just kind of... I think this was somewhere in this zone. It just died off and kind of went back to break even. I mean, after huge gains. But it's weird how it kind of is just in its own lane. Which I like that. Because that gives me more comfort trading it.
than most alts because, you know, if I'm not trading Bitcoin or Ethereum, I'm still using Bitcoin or Ethereum TA, macro TA with, you know, whatever I'm drawing on these charts for Solana, AVAX, BNB, you know, you name it. And so I said optimal at 618. It's 618. Well, I use 62 all the way to 79.
And then the 705 is equilibrium of OT. So, I mean, I guess you'd say really a 705, but just this whole zone to me is OT. So let me look at Ape. So we're just chilling in premium at this point. I'm going to look. There's probably some form of supply on the 15-minute, not one-hour candle. Or not supply, forgive me, demand. Really here, I would say the demand was probably in this candle.
I would have said you kind of made a little bit of a lower low than that candle. Although you didn't make a new micro low or a swing low here. I mean, you could look at either of these. It looks like you might be coming for it. Right here would really be...
Where the pullback started from this new swing low. So you didn't make a new low just yet. A lot of times price will do this. It'll come all the way down and not make that low. But that would be your aggressive stop loss. You know, if you would have played somewhere in this zone. So it didn't hit that. So the TA is still there. You could have said it was down here. Whatever. Depends. You know, like I said, in trying to take longs in this market, I would be more aggressive. Maybe a little bit more.
liberal with your shorts because you're trading with the trend. So if we look on the 15-minute here, so let's go back over here, and if you wait, you came into a 15-minute zone. You could have waited until you had a one-minute change of character. Really, it was right here. Had that change of character there.
Now, you could have said it was this candle if you'd like, whatever. It's the same. In the end, it's the same supply or same demand that sent it there. I would look at the demand on this wick. Like I said, I really like these kind of candles. We're on a one minute. You could go into this more on like a 30 second, 15 second. And I know some of you guys are probably like, oh, 15 second. It works. But that's really where the entry would have been. And you would be out of this trade.
for the most part by this point, if you use the one minute. And this is the beauty of using the one minute. You can get these, you know, because it's all about risk to reward. That's all that matters. Percent matters nothing. Everybody, like I've went over a bunch of streams. People want the bigger percent moves and this and that. And it's just because they don't know what they're doing really, in all honesty, with percent or with position sizing, because you can make the same amount of money off of, you know.
uh much smaller move and in less time most time which is more satisfying in my opinion so for instance we have a 2.7 moving this i would have been fully out of this strong high you know i mean you're really looking that that's a really strong high relative to this time frame you maybe left a runner after that but off that trade you could have made 11 of your 10.6 of your portfolio um so it seems like right now um what everything is liking to do is really playing these uh
these supply and demand zones pretty heavily so if we look and we're over here we could also go let's go back still didn't break that low somehow i'd say it's going to get cleared though well you know going like a three minute when you look similar setup that we had on bitcoin you have this inefficiency and this is where she can kind of get wicky with other coins yeah that inefficiency right there
So, you know, if price can come down and deviate into this and we get a nice internal market structure break, I'd say right here, where I'd look or this, you know, you can be aggressive with it if you wanted. You could use this or this inside bar if you want to get really aggressive with it.
And once that's the case, if we can get that break, then you can play a return to origin of the demand that sponsored said break. And that's how you would be, you would take this with a more conservative approach than rather just...
You know, getting in on the fair value gap fill, which is something I may have considered if we were more bullish overall. Because a lot of times if you don't get in there, that's where you get left behind. That's okay, but I would rather that not happen. Somebody said it's trends within trends. Macro, when I said that a minute ago, I was just talking about the macro economics. I don't know when you asked. I said only four minutes, but you could think of it.
macro i guess swing trends and then there's micro microstructure or internal structure so you know your swing is going to be a little bit more of a clear move and everybody defines this differently but um you're going to have your strong low and your strong high at one point you know we cleared it up here i get that really the way i would look at swing structure we didn't because this looks like a liquidity grab at this point we didn't really get a closure so i wouldn't consider that a break of structure
um but you can say you pull back here i mean this is definitely one of these is your swing high no matter how you play breaks the structure and um then in in between all this you had tons of internal highs and lows um and that's another video for another day i'm not going to go into that because it gets really confusing honestly um but for instance like here you could have said
hide all these things so here you know you would have said okay here's a high came down because here was your low that made that high right because low high low high all right we came down and then you really you look this this one's easy they get more complicated here was your low because after this candle this was the last low you made before you started making new highs
But this could have been more, let me see if I can find a more complicated one. Okay, for instance, right here you add a low, a high.
And you would say this is your low. This is the lowest low that you made. And since you're trending to the upside. So you could look at it like that. That's how I would look at swing structure. But this isn't swing structure. This is internal structure. So I would look at the high where you really started. Or where the pullback ended I guess you would say. So for instance it would be right here. And the way I look at it. Because this is where you really started to come up. And clear out all of the old highs. Here.
came up, cleared one, two, another pullback. So what was the actual low? This was the low that made a new high. I know that probably was a little confusing, but I promise you that once you get it and once you see it, it's like riding a bike, you won't miss it. So here with me, I almost, we reacted nicely, but I want a clear, we didn't even tap into the inefficiency. Because you have a five minute, I think a three minute as well, probably two minute.
yeah i would stick with probably that five and three minute sorry syntax i had to mute background noise but um looking at this i'm like in the one minute so it's like okay we have we're starting to make lower highs and lower lows so i would really want the high internal high to be cleared before i would consider to change a character or or an internal market structure break to even look for supply or i'm sorry demand that caused that break
I usually don't even really look at charts this late. I'm about to be off of them for good after the stream. Oh, you're fine, bro. You're totally fine. It wasn't bad. I just did because I knew you didn't know. Definitely getting this displacement that I would want, though, from this area. At this point, you do have price and supply within this wick. So you could see a rejection there. Really within that wick, even. So, um...
That's why I think it's really important to understand your parameters for taking a trade and have a very, very mechanical set strategy that you have to stick with. For instance, like here, instead of just playing this, wait for that break of structure. This is just speculatory. It could be this high and then come at wherever you determine. I would say if I'm on the, probably use the five minute.
Or the three minute that's the lowest time frame the inefficiencies on let's say Well, I'd really say this high right here. It's where I'd be looking personally to break
So if we were to get a break of that high, you could then maybe find the supply. I keep saying it fucking backwards. I'm just so used to shorting. All I know is supply anymore. But the demand, look at that. It might be this. Who knows? I mean, you can't really get too far into just guesstimating stuff before it's happened. But, you know, theoretically, if we broke this high right now, you could probably look for an entry there. Stop loss below the most recent micro low, which would be right there.
And that's how some of you guys, again, DMs are like, oh, why did you use the stop loss under the OB there and not the other OB? And it's just because you're using microstructure instead of swing structure.
So if you want to use and that's all personal preference like it's totally up to you what you do there You don't have to do it like that You can do it a ton of different ways. You can use the swing you can use Just the recent you know eyeball low oftentimes the best way to put it The swing loads are gonna be what your naked eye sees pretty easily and the microstructure is a little bit more difficult to interpret when you're starting out but
Yeah, this is kind of what I'd be looking for in Bitcoin looks like this one minute supply had a nice reaction to it Like this one right here, but a lot of times you have a very similar Supply zone on a different timeframe. You'll often see price run up to that area Because there might there's probably still orders left within this wick the algorithms placed Not always though. We'll see
Excuse me. Yeah, if any of you guys have questions, now's the time. I'm going to get off here in just a couple minutes. So ask them in stream chat. You can ask them in like the... Yeah, if basically... I mean, really, I'm trying to get more and more in tune and just use microstructure because then you get really tight stop losses. Yeah, you might get stopped out more often, but when they hit, you're going to be getting extremely high...
you know, reward to risk. But I would recommend using it over swing structure when you're playing counter trend. So for instance, you know, if I'm playing a reversal like this, like, you know, we're down here, you know, I'd rather use a very tight stop loss because, you know, if price starts slipping, it might really start stripping the slipping because it's just continuing at that point. Because, you know, really, who knows, this could be just a new swing high.
You know what I mean? We're just getting, you might just get smacked because you're trading counter trend. You see what I mean?
because like here it's like oh like low high or whichever you know swing or internal you want to use and then you made a new low you have no reason to say in the 15 minute that we're in any form of bullish market yet so you're going to try to use you know different trade models and confluences you know your change of character your demand you know this price model the amd and you're going to try to use those to catch the reversal so i like to have a much tighter stop
when I'm trying to play reversals because it will allow you to take losses. For instance, say if you took one loss, maybe you took one loss and then you still had the same bias and you took that second play. Well, that loss means nothing because you recouped it very easily. And with reversals, it'll happen really often. For instance, last week when we traded Ethereum, we traded it, got stopped out, traded it again, gained like, I don't even, it was like...
5% of our port. And that was because we kept it. The reason we got stopped out the first time was because we had a super tight stop loss. But you have to understand that strategy because a lot of people get shaken out and they get mentally shaken up because people have a problem with taking losses. And I'll just tell you, you shouldn't have a problem with taking losses if you're doing it right.
And anybody who says, oh, I don't take loss. I have a 98% win rate. You're just fucking capping. It's just, you're just not, or you don't really trade much and you just get lucky. But taking a loss is totally fine as long as it's done the proper way. And you still, you know, either your bias, if you're keeping these super tight stop losses, a lot of times your bias really didn't even shift. You just didn't get the sniper entry, you know, maybe whenever you're.
trading with the trend oh well my TA was broken so now my bias has shifted because then you were using swing structure and it's like oh well now we've got a change in overall market structure
You know what I mean? So now it's like, okay, well, now I'm just looking for the next supplier demand zone or next point of interest. Do then look for a pullback. So now your whole bias has changed up. But whenever you're trading reversals, a lot of times you can get stopped out on these little tiny stops more than once and even more than twice sometimes. But it's a slippery slope to teach people that because then people just justify getting in positions.
over and over again it has to be done in a calculated manner for it to be done right you can't just be like
You know, oh, I think we're going to pump. So I'm going to just keep longing when I get stopped out. You know, it has to be you have a very clear framework and opportunities to present themselves. Bitcoin happens all the time. Like there'll be double liquidity sweeps on Bitcoin. It's just like Bitcoin is like max pain and manipulation. And like you'll understand market manipulation and it'll still be, you know, like.
The fuck's happening. If you don't, if you don't really understand microstructure, that's, that's the key to, um, and you know, you, and a lot of people, a ton of fucking people that I even see using smart money and all sorts of super complex strategies don't even understand market structure. I swear it's, it's crazy. And like, I was one of them for a long time. Like I just understood, understood swing structure.
So that's something I definitely want you guys to kind of think about that. And if you guys have questions, just drop some charts and at me in chat and I'll do my best to, you know, try to assist with it and explain the best way I can. So I said QNT. I don't think it has a perp chart. Which chart is better, Coinbase or let's say Binance?
So, QNT, really here. You've got, this is your swing structure at this point. Ain't got to do TA, just PFE NASDAQ. Yeah, I got you. PFE NASDAQ, I'm not really a stock boy. I mean, I don't know if that's, I just know YQ for futures and then NQ for like the actual, or I'm sorry, NQ or whatever it is, and then QQQ. QNT reminds me of APE at this point.
So really, so this is going to be your swing low on the 15. These charts are pretty fucking illiquid, honestly. I mean, honestly, it could be pretty similar to the rest of the market. I mean, look, you've got a wrong tool. You've got an inefficiency. Really, you had one all the way up to here in the beginning, but there was one that wasn't touched at all. You came into it, didn't make a lower low. What is this? Why do I have a zero on that?
Oh, that's a fib. I'm stupid. I thought it was a harmonic for some reason. Before I've changed my charts white, I'll have harmonics that I didn't remember there. I mean, really above this level, on the 50-minute or the 5-minute, you're still bullish. I mean, I wouldn't be shorting this here. That's for sure. The odd out of that inside bar is exactly that fair value gap. But, I mean...
I would look for more of a long scenario. And this chart's just really fucking a liquid. There's a lot of gaps where price is rushing to fill orders. But it doesn't look bad. I mean, really, with a lot of these coins.
nothing matters until you get a change in swing structure, really, in my opinion. And you've already got, it looks like really with this, you did get a change of character on the higher timeframes. Because this is where you would say that you really made that new low. That was really your high. So you got to change the character there. So if we look at the one hour, okay, well, what was the demand that pushed us there? Well, right here.
There you go. Okay. So now we can go and say, okay, on the one hour, well, we know we use a five minute change of character there. Okay. So where do we get that? I would say right here. Okay. Well, where was your demand that sent you there? I would say within this whole zone right here, if it were me. Let's see where this lines up to where we hit over here. Didn't even really hit it. Maybe I drew it in a weird way, but that's how I would have drawn it. Let's check it on the 15 minute and see how it looks.
I just guess you could draw it. I mean, you could try to draw this candle over here. It looks more like an institutional candle. I don't even think that still would have hit. Oh, yeah, it did. There you go. Okay, 15 minute. You came into that. So now we could go one minute. And this chart sucks, but you really just need market structure anyways. This is still going to be kind of hard.
Change of character is really right there. I don't know if that wicked it out or not, but we'll just say over here Okay, well, what was the supply that did that? It says you see it's the same thing over and over again And it's got stop rated but you know say if you were trading this, you know, you took profits already You targeted these weak highs and you got a nice trade And that's when you're looking at this like how is he doing to end this but it's just the highs and lows all the matter. That's it
It's that simple. And obviously we're finding those supply and demand zones. But now you have this. It's choppy, but this could be an AMD setup. I don't really like it as much as others, but it's a good example of an alt just kind of mimicking the rest of the market. You also fully filled this inefficiency left back here. And it had already been really tapped into.
but it's fully filled as of right there. You had that liquidity grab. Now you're seeming to want to make a higher low. So, you know, say if maybe you got a change of character on the lower timeframes, should be right here in this high. You got equal highs right there. You're probably going to get it. You could look for a price to come up, sweep that internal liquidity, come back down wherever your demand was, and then boom. And then you target.
internal liquidity preferably in premium of the current or the previous price like where is that well this is going to be a point of interest anything these huge wicks and it's the last also it's the last up candle before they move down so um somewhere probably in this area was and it and that's it's not i know it seems like like fucking chinese but it's really not
And it is easier to look at in hindsight than it is to trade. I get that. But once you understand it, you start to see it more. But again, none of this is really confirmed for me until I get what I need on Bitcoin or Ethereum. And really Bitcoin. But, you know, so for instance here, we could see this logo swept because it didn't even come down and fill the inefficiency like we said originally.
So, I'm not sure what you mean when you said PFE NASDAQ. Is that even a thing? I don't know. Is this it? Let me know, Wavy, what I'm looking at. Does anybody know? Because I don't think he's even in here. What's NFE? Somebody said PFE NASDAQ. Is that just this thing? Like this PFE S-Y? Yeah, that's what this guy said in stream chat. Oh, he said PFE NASDAQ.
That's why I was confused. Because that's why I typed in and I saw that and I was like, ugh. But he said PFE. Yeah. But if you put... It comes up with something. Oh, that's definitely what it is. Is there any way for any... You know this, Alga. Can I turn these fucking... This one. Oh. But... There we go. Okay, so... Pfizer. This is where I'd be really looking as your current... Oops. Fuck.
If you look at this, this is your current swing. This is really just an anticipation. You know, because if you look here, I guess you did get your change of character, even on the four-hour, even if you're just using microstructure. Got that change of character. So you could have said this is probably most likely going to be your swing low. And we're anticipating this because we're playing a reversal. But, you know, you could... That's how I would look at it. So, I mean, really here, I'd probably be looking for...
I would say a return somewhere up there, and I would look for price to stay under.
53, 56. And that'd be aggressive. You could also use this high up here. It's really up to you. But I like using more aggressive. I'm all about taking trades and then, yeah, whatever. You get stopped out of something like that. But I promise you, when they hit, you can take that one trade and it makes up for five to ten stops. So it's like, fuck it. Exactly. And it's like...
Exactly. And it's like, that's the thing is like, people want to just take wins and like, people would rather take this kind of win. Like, like they would rather take like this. I swear to God, people would rather take that just because it's 23%. Like, yeah, it's like literally, you need, yeah, especially with that shit, with any of those, you need like, it's like more like ticks even, like fuck percent. Percents where you're getting fucking either rich or liquidated. But really with, um,
Like, you know, these trade setups, it's all about just getting that good risk to reward. And a lot of times, if you're patient and you use the one minute, you can get that same risk to reward in a very short amount of time, but you just have to know when to take your profits. Oh, it's actually in a POI that I've drawn at some point. What is this from? It reacted to it pretty nicely. It's old. Or maybe this is something that we drew on. I think, Alga, you were actually going over this too.
Yeah, there's an inefficiency right there. Tapped it and go into it. I would probably look for wait till the morning and I would look for a stop run. And this would be a good example of a stop run scenario I'd look for. So if you wait till the morning.
you're going to have pretty obvious structure. You have a swing structure here. I would preferably, preferably look for this to get rated like something like this. Oh, come down, sweep that low, go into the inefficiency, maybe make another liquidity grab because everything loves to do that. And that first low is usually not the last. And you come up, microstructure break.
Return to demand that sponsored said break.
target the highs. Ideally, weak highs, whatever. Really, you'd be targeting this heavily, because if you did it right with a very tight stop loss. Now, you could hold and swing some of it, speculating that we're going to move more to the upside, but at the four-hour, you're really just kind of pushing that, because you haven't really made a high or low, any kind of swing structure. Yes, you did clear some old lows, for sure.
So you could look for, you know, bat.
I guess once you cleared what would be probably most of your profit target if you took this from a very tight stop perspective. But at that point, that would really be you'd have to retrace and then make another higher high and there'd be another trade entry. But it doesn't look terrible here. I mean, it's just like that's what we've been saying. That's why you can't just use every supply and demand zone because you'll get wrecked. You have to wait for the high time frame bias shift because...
You know, yes, we're under old lows. Yes, we've removed a shitload of sell side. But that doesn't matter if a PFE. That doesn't matter if we.
don't have bullish market structure that's like literally the first thing if you don't have good structure you don't have bullish structure then you don't have a bullish bias in my opinion now you could look at other ways you could say like oh we're in demand and you could back test and show me like oh dude well here we tap demand and it flew and this and that and i maybe sometimes it was the reversal point the absolute bottom but the way i look at things i'm not trying to necessarily catch the absolute bottom now
When I used to just play set and forget limits during trending markets, or even not trending markets, I've had some fucking insane plays. Like, I remember DOT last year. This was off some simple, just basic SMC. Like, stupid. Like, okay, well, here we go. There's this. Oh, I actually think it was this. I drew this zone.
I was like, yeah, look at this. Oh, we got this demand zone. There's an order box sitting at equilibrium. It's like, holy shit. You could look back and tell me like, oh, dude, it does work the best. Look at this. This is like this play I caught. And while that did play out crazy, really the better entries weren't. I mean, the more rational entries, in my opinion, weren't right there. That was kind of just like, you know, they worked. It obviously worked. But if you look back to like maybe.
I don't know, the next range where you saw it didn't work. You know what I mean? So I think it's all about finding a consistent strategy. It's like, oh, if you look here, oh, like we have this order buck here, you can see you just got completely annihilated if you played that. So that's why it's better to not try to just catch the absolute bottom and wait for that confirmation because, you know, yeah, it may work sometimes, but, you know, as a trader, you should be really trying to
fine-tune your strategy as much as humanly possible to the point where it's like you know people are like wow this guy's in the one minute but yeah that's how you're getting the good entries yeah because it shows your entries and shit on there right right
literally exactly and that's it's really the internal structure that people fuck up on the swing structure is kind of easy but people fuck up with the internal structure and i've even back tested on a lot of crypto i swear trying to play internal like changes of character on certain time frames you get just stopped out and stopped at again and i'm like dude i'm sure people get fucking literally discouraged trying to play this shit sometimes but
Well, on that note, I'm going to hop off here. I can smell that my dinner's made me, or my girlfriend's made me an amazing dinner. And I'm hungry as fuck, and I don't want her to kill me for not eating it while it's hot. So I appreciate you guys, as always. We'll hop back on here on Monday. I'm probably going to start doing some streams through the day as well, so that way we can kind of catch some of these moves real time, and you guys can see how we're finding these setups.
as they happen. I'm probably going to have to use another computer to trade. I can't trade on mobile. I have to have a PC. I don't know. I'm weird. Everybody likes mobile, but I just want to be able to type really fast. We'll figure out a way. You feel me? I'm like, dude, people love mobile for trading? Fuck that shit. I'm like, this stresses me out. I appreciate you guys, as always. Until the next time, I'll holler at you later. Peace.
