All right. I haven't even really looked at the charts this morning. So the draw on liquidity was met on, I think, all indices. Yeah, it was. I want to watch how price acts above these equal highs, because if we get some reversal patterns above these highs, I might look for some sales. I don't want to force it, though, because everything's pretty bullish. But, I mean, we did clear out that pretty big area of liquidity. We're hovering around this.
Supply zone on the NASDAQ. I don't know about the S&P. S&P, I think, is above. I don't know. Yeah, for some reason, they haven't updated this chart. That's always nice. Let's see if they updated NAS. Nope. That's irritating. I don't know why it never does. S&P looks a little stronger than NASDAQ, but it is above this old high, which was the daily draw on liquidity.
Sorry, Biz. I'm going to mute you. Let me know if you want to talk. I just had to get rid of the background noise. Ideally here, what I'd like is for her to push up into this zone and then get a break of structure with displacement on the lower timeframes. Really where we're at, we could look for it, but I would still like us to fill this in balance up here. The thing is...
Well, we do have an imbalance to fill here. That's actually a little bit viable, but what is the S&P new drawn liquidity? I don't think there's a tiny little imbalance to fill here. I mean, it's not much though, like right down there. So it's interesting.
Because, yeah, if we're looking at shorts, if we were to short, you know, I'd be looking for the next higher time frame, draw on liquidity, which is if you got a fair value gap here and another fair value gap here. But I mean, we're on the daily, you know, if we come down and fill a daily imbalance, you know, I'm probably going to be out of most shorts. And that doesn't really leave us much room there. We could be just pushing more to the upside.
Either way, I want to just see some kind of animated push into a pool of liquidity followed by break instruction at low time frames. I'm kind of just waiting. Give me one second, guys. I'm going to grab this coffee already. Oh, wow. I got a nice reaction off that zone, huh? The short narrative here is kind of just... It's there, but I don't know how the risk-reward is going to be looking.
Interesting, because this is giving the setup. I mean, it's giving the setup. I just don't know, because we're looking here. It's like, where is the... I mean, I don't know. We could be coming back down for this zone, like I was talking about yesterday, but that'd be a pretty big drop. How far is this from the stop loss already? Yeah, it's pretty far. Because, again, what we're looking for, it's just... Sometimes when you have a trade model...
You can have your setup and all of the parameters needed. And then maybe in this situation, like I'm looking at it like, you know, the profit targets, they're just not where I would want to be taking profit. It's just not far away enough for me to, you know, yeah, the setup is good, but we have a daily fair value gap like that.
you know, even though it's a small one and it's close by personally, if I'm shorting kind of counter trend, you know, if I were to take a sale there, that would be where I would want to be, you know, out for the most part. So, um, and the risk to reward, if you look to that area, it's just not there. It's going to be like a one to one or two to one. So, um,
It's just, it's an interesting situation there. And that happens every once in a while. You'll get your setup and, you know, you just get, that's why we kind of have rules to go by where we only use or only take trades where we're using kind of a three to one risk to reward ratio. We don't want to just, you know, hop into, I mean, some people do. I know good traders that use less than a three to one. Some people that trade a lot of ICT stuff, they're doing two to one a lot, but it's just not, not for me. So.
Also, what's up? People from YouTube just not seeing this. Because really looking at it from a perspective of liquidity, we've got some fractal, this little buy to sell range. Whenever you see this, when price is pushing down and you have wicks like this right here, there's not a big one right here, but then you kind of wick back up. What that's showing you is a buy to sell range on a lower time frame. So price came up.
hit some demand, the demand was injected to the market and plummeted. So that'll tell us on a lower time frame it's going to be a order block a lot of the times or some form of supply zone. So it's not on the one hour, on the 15 minute we've got something out here. And it's not the prettiest zone, but look, it comes right out to that candle. So that's just a way you can use the higher time frames to view the lower time frames. We also came above...
Quite a few highs. While we're pretty bullish, I could see a little retrace here. Existing home sales in the United States just came out. Let's see what it was. You guys should get my Forex book for the app for your phone. I used the Forex Factor. Okay, it was worse than expected. We'll see how that affects the dollar. The dollar finally may retrace at some point. Seems like this day would never come.
I mean, yeah, if I was looking at the dollar just like any other asset, oops, wrong tool. I'd be looking for a pullback down into this 105 area, which that doesn't look like much, but that would be monumental compared to what we've seen. We haven't seen a pullback like that since it's been about a month. Let's look at Bitcoin. We fucking smacked Bitcoin yesterday.
Everyone was trying to short this last night. Personally, the way I look at Bitcoin right now is we've got a pretty nasty fair value gap to fill right here. So I don't know why everybody wanted to short it yesterday. I think everybody just gets excited whenever we get above an old high, which I get it, but you've got to be mindful of around you.
So we're getting close. That would be my next target for Bitcoin overall. This is the whole thing I like to do. And I posted this on Twitter yesterday in that thread. If you haven't checked it out, you can go peep it. It's literally a free game.
The whole when you're trading counter trend or now are trading it. Well, actually, it's with the trend. We broke out and closed above it. So I'm so used to saying Bitcoin's bearish. But when you're trading shorts now, I guess would be counter trend.
When we're trading, we want to just build a narrative off the higher timeframes and use the low timeframes as a boat to get there, so to speak. If I think the price is going to go here, that's my POI, I might go to the 15-minute and see if we're bullish in structure in the 15-minute, and then see if we can get there using the 15-minute. The way I'm looking at the 15-minute right now, though, we had...
Here's our structure here. Came up, went down, had to break a structure. But then you come down here, and it looks like you did not get a closure anywhere over here. It did over here, though. This is kind of odd price structure.
Because, you know, usually if you see some like this right here, just for future reference, if you see a wick like that, that's usually where you want to see a pullback down to take out the weak low, so to speak. Because, you know, if we come up, we fail, like right here. So, you know, this swing.
We came up, made a low, and then we failed to take this high, which we came above it. But if you're like me and you use closures, we did not get a break of structure. So, you know, we would then look at this as a weak low. So then the same thing happened here, right? Because we didn't come up and close, but it seems like we pushed above it and then came and closed over here. So, I mean, the new structure would be...
this low to this high, and I'm just looking for any kind of POI that is in a premium, preferably with an imbalance ahead of it. Kind of equal lows right here. What I'm going to do is I'm going to mark this, but it's not a very great zone, if you ask me. And I think that if indices pull back, like I think they might, we could definitely see more or see this swing structure get violated.
And then another thing, you know, yes, we've built the story on this four hour fair value gap, but it's not like we have to wait for that forever to start shorting. Like the other trigger for me would be if the four hour internal structure switched bearish. Because if we're looking at, you know, shorts, countertrend shorts, let's just say, you know, the four hour is bullish. All right. Well, what I want to see on the internal structure is, you know, we knew that we had to be bullish going up this first leg.
right then price came comes down and that that first change of character which would happen right here that tells us that you know whatever structure we were coming from and we broke structure and then there's a change of character to tell us we're coming on this pullback and there's another change of character to tell us it's over but we're using all of that on the time frame we're viewing so if we're looking at
the four hour here and we're trying to catch a pullback, you know, if we're trading pro or counter trend because the trend is bullish, well, we want this time frame to give us that change of character, a break of an internal low. Now, whenever we're trading with the trend, we would scale into like a 15 minute or something along those lines. But whenever we're bullish and we're looking at taking shorts,
I think the smarter thing to do is to...
wait until a four hour switches its structure. So for where we're at with Bitcoin right now, it would be coming under this low right here, which again would be that swing structure. Oftentimes, whenever you're looking at internal structure on a one time frame, if you scale down to a lower time frame, that same internal structure is going to be swing structure. It's not always the case with the four out of the 15 minute, but it's very common. Same thing with the daily to the four hour.
It gets a little more choppy when you have these consolidation ranges, I will say that. There's this fair value gap here on the two minute. You see a rejection here. You're probably going to come down and target this liquidity. Although I'm bullish on everything overall as far as indices go. One coin I did want to take a look at, because I know they apparently have some high news today, or high impact news, is Matic. They literally posted something on social media.
See if we can find it. Maybe it already came out. I have a website called Matic News. It's just some kind of brand. Where is... Somebody sent me a... Let's go to their Twitter, because I have it over here. They tweeted me this tweet. They said that there is a big announcement. Biggest zero-knowledge announcement of the year.
x polygon where is it zero x no oh an ev an ethereum virtual machine there's nice tagging me in discord hold on one second the stream's still up oh and discord i guess i don't i guess i had a link to a window that was weird but it's it's up on it was it never went down on youtube so that's what i was talking about but um are you good now i'm guessing it is yeah okay cool um
So I guess it's an Ethereum virtual machine, which can be a big deal. Let's see what the chart says. I wanted to pull back on Matic at some point in order to give us a reversal here. And it's just pushing that fair value gap with power.
That's that's all it's like literally if you were to take shorts from the top up here Your target one of the targets would have been this fair value gap on here It was just like the rest of rewards really not there. Let's see automatic This for me like this impulse swing, I'm just gonna draw a line from the premium to discount of this range and then Refine a POI it's in a discount on the daily
Got this four-hour order block here. Also, I've got this over here. I'd pay this some mind as well, because it's sitting right at equilibrium. And we're finally down to a one-hour to get it on point as much as possible. I would actually use this last candle, because this is the last candle before we really saw engulfing or a big move. I like this down here better, though.
This sounds good though because we saw a real displacement originate from it is sitting right on equilibrium as well and then We're kind of forming this range up here This could be one of those accumulation manipulation distribution ranges. It's pretty far from the area usually you don't see that much of room for a deviation but I would still pay it to mind if we can get down in this area fill these imbalances that would be a nice long I wouldn't be looking to short this always asked me if I would short it today and
i don't really see much of a reason to short it yet uh you know there is the term sell into strength but it's not like we don't want to just sell into something for you know no reason except that it's pumping that's how you get hurt i see a lot of people trying to do that with crypto they're like short it short it's become it's it's you know it's been pumping so hard and it's like that doesn't always work i promise you that's what spx is doing i want to see
XPX. We really haven't seen any liquidity RAN. Usually what I look for is something in the kind of the morning range, like 8.30 or after to get RAN. I mean, the only thing got RAN was this right here.
It's not really much. You usually want to see a big, big violent push where it's undeniable that there's probably some manipulation going on. But I don't really see that with S&P. I'm not seeing a ton of setups that I'm really liking too much. So I'm not going to force anything.
If the risk reward is a little bit better, I'd maybe have taken or been looking more for sales, but...
So S&P is kind of the one you want to watch as like a guiding light. You know, like the NASDAQ does its own thing, of course, and it's the NASDAQ. But S&P is kind of like the daddy of indices. So if you see, you know, something on only one of the three sisters, as they call them, you know, the US 30, the Dow Jones, then we have the S&P, the NASDAQ. If you see something on only one of the three sisters, usually it's kind of deviating. Like, for instance, if you see, you know, a lower low on NASDAQ.
but not a lower low on the S&P and the Dow Jones, you can almost guarantee that that lower low is just a liquidity rate and that you're going to push higher. It's a form of SMT divergence. I like how we use the dollar against currencies. If the dollar is making a lower low and the currency is making a lower low, or the dollar making a lower high and the currency making a lower low, we can always assume that the
the currency is being accumulated. We can look at some, let me just look at this in one minute. Yeah, because with the S&P, I mean, I guess kind of it had a fair value gap here, but this wouldn't have been much for me. A lot of people use the strategies just at any low, like not even the structure, but I usually want to see
the structure broken so if the structure for me would have been all the way right here and i don't see a clear fairy value gap that caused that break except right here it was right you know after the right before the break but i'm up the watch list guys man i'm just gonna put a nasdaq down here because i don't understand why it doesn't update like i'm literally drawing on it right now it's not updating it on this level
because i have my alts marked up on this level really want a nice retrace on some of these alts because
It just seems like the supply is getting absorbed, though, because once you start to see this, you know, last night I was looking at this and I was like, you know, I had no intention or desire to short APE it, especially this time of day. I think the time of day effectiveness is pretty good when you trade just during one session. But I was looking at APE and it's like we came into some supply, but it wasn't even in a premium. And this is a good example of how you can get your trigger and, you know, you get faked out. So let's just say you are dead set on this POI, right?
and this was where you wanted to short, you know, hands down, you know, you're shorting from here if we get your trigger. Well, look, you got a trigger. The 15-minute switch bearish, right? Because we came up, had a high, another short-term high because we pipped it. Now, if you're like me and you use Wix for internal structure, then, you know, you mark the closest low because we are already in an uptrend. So then what happened?
Price came down and took the low. Took the low, came up into your supply zone. You got another confirmation here. And then price just blasted through it. Now, I like to call this supply absorption. And what it means is that your POI, it was indeed a supply zone. But that does not mean...
that just because you're going to get a reaction. The way we form flip zones is from price hitting a supply zone, reacting, and then pushing through it. So you want to make sure that whenever you're selecting your POI, that you kind of keep some form of rule set in order for you to trade off of it. Like for instance, for me, I want it to be in a premium of the high timeframe range, which we see.
This was sitting on equilibrium. So, you know, I watched it last night. I watched it give my trigger, you know, and I just, I didn't want, I didn't short it. I marked it and said, okay, I'll test it. And I think it's a daily zone or I've refined it from a daily zone. And, you know, it's a great example of how you can, one simple rule set, like, oh, I only trade POIs in a premium. I'm just looking for sales. That simple.
rule can save you from so many unnecessary losses and wasted screen time so i think that rules are very important to have whether they're you know very simple or you know complex like i only trade during the kill zones that's something i've seen people do um you know it's it all comes together to be whatever your trading plan is you know so if you if you can devise something that you know works for you
and you know that it's saving you from unnecessary pain or unnecessary losses, then stick with that, you know? Like, for me, I don't really like to short from POIs that aren't in a premium if we're in a bullish market. Or, I'm sorry, in a bearish market. I'm still not done too much. ETH might be setting up nice soon. Or not ETH, Zabek, sorry.
Let me go to full screen. You get more monitors. No, actually, because I would look at, to me, got this, move, and then we go up. That would really be a break of structure. And then this is enough of a pullback for something on the 15-minute for me. So that would give us a new swing structure right here and here. But it seems like we're kind of just wicking that high. It may end up pushing through it. But as of right now, I'm just moving sideways.
I could possibly see a move down into this area here because this almost looks like one of those accumulation manipulation distribution setups that I was speaking of earlier where we have this displacement. Price kind of forms this range. It engineers liquidity on both sides. Usually raids the top first and you see a little deviation and then comes down to clear out the bottom, which would be all these lows right here. But I haven't really given a full reversal signal here just yet. I'm going to watch Bitcoin.
Seems like Bitcoin's been given a lot of nice entries in London recently. I've noticed with crypto, it'll switch between, like, there for a little bit, the Tokyo reversals we're hitting. It's funny because, like, yesterday we got a great entry in New York session, but I've noticed that it's like, it kind of just goes through the different sessions where, you know, you get on the morning, you say, okay, there was the nice entry, which was right here in this area during the London kill zone.
This was amazing right here. It came up. It's simple. And this is where you don't have to fight it too much. You know, bullet structure, order block long. You know, it's not much to it. That's kind of the setup we got yesterday.
Yeah, I think with S&P, if we start to break above, it'll just be simple supply absorption. And in this movie, the downside would have just been a nice buy side raid. Because if you've seen the four hour, all structure is still intact. I just don't know why TradingView, they make so much money and they can't update their multi-screen system to where it'll... Man, I just wanted to draw my alerts on more than the chart I'm drawing it on. That's all. Not asking for much, TradingView.
Yeah, because the S&P has quite a bit of ways to go to that four-hour supply zone. Daily is looking pretty strong here. We did just get above that liquidity, so it's an interesting area of price action. But coming to 10.30 a.m. as well, so usually if we have a liquidity rate set up, it will have happened by now. I guess you could have said that maybe this was the impulsive move with a break of structure. We just didn't really run any liquidity.
Sometimes you get these set up, sometimes you don't. Look at some Forex pairs this morning. Another GU is giving a nice selling signal last night. I did come back up into this area. I wanted it too. Wrong color. That was a 15 minute return to origin because a 15 minute switch bearish. Then we look for the five minute to do the same thing. Bam, switch bearish. Again, this all happened in London session.
You got this extremely quick. So you came down, wicked right back into that zone, and you saw the one minute, which was somewhere in this wick. This was a tough one, to be honest, but you could have just shorted off the five minute there. That would have been a nice setup. Happened right at the beginning of the London kill zone. London open. I already documented this. I'm going to delete all this TA. It's one thing. I used to keep all my positions on my chart, but now as soon as I move them into my Notion, I just...
I just go ahead and delete everything because I like a clean chart. I think chart hygiene is something that most people need to learn. But it keeps a clear mind. If you have too much price action just delineated everywhere, I promise you, it causes you to see. Or the worst thing, and I use them sometimes just to show people things, but these.
These zigzags will get you in trouble because you build an expectation, which you should really never have. You should always have reactions and not really predictions. And while it's fun to, you know, plot out the bottom and this and that, you know, a lot of times that'll just get you. And I know some, hopefully this speaks to some of you guys, but it'll get you in a mindset where you fail to see what's actually going on because your perspective is skewed to one side of the coin.
I think another thing I wanted to do for you guys is link my trading view alerts with my Twitter. I think I might do that. Sometimes I'm just doing TA. I don't want to post every single chart, but it would be nice, I think, for you guys if I could. I type my alerts out pretty clearly, so I think that could help you guys. If that would help you, just let me know in the comments, or if you're in Discord, just talk to me in chat because I've been thinking about that for a little bit.
um nice equal eyes right here oh yeah this looks good i kind of looked in my crypto if you guys got any uh good cryptos drop them on if you're in the discord drop them in the stream chat or if you're on youtube i'm seeing some stuff now sorry um okay so somebody said when i'm drawing my fib to
When I'm drawing my fib, do I identify my discount in premium? Do I draw from the top or the bottom? Well, for me, when I have this set up, I just have the... Just to put it in short, it doesn't matter. It's just because my fibs are set up to where the top half is red. But it's all about how you set your...
It's just above the point five. It doesn't really matter how you draw it I just have my color set up so to show you guys but it's just above the midpoint It doesn't matter if you drew it like this, you know now it looks like oh It's discounts above it's just because of the way my color scheme is it has nothing to do with the actual It's just above the midpoint. That's all you need to know is premium below it is Not in its discount
They said peep optimism. I know this shit went crazy recently. This is actually... I'm glad you said that. Not much for us on the daily chart here. Except that you're in daily supply. I haven't ever really traded this coin. This probably could be refined a bunch. I'd probably leave it the same because this has already really been tapped into. Could maybe turn it into two zones on a 15 minute actually. Let's just see. I don't know. Actually, I kind of like that zone. I'll just leave that.
Also, just be mindful here. I don't know. I would probably just leave it. Wish I would have looked at this a little earlier. Yeah, this is... Actually, I mean, it really didn't come down to where I would have wanted to mess with it. I'd like this zone right there. If we can maybe get a flush down to that zone before we come up and take this, this would be a nice long, actually. See, our video is looking like it wants to break out of the freaking daily chart, but...
It is sitting in a zone where, you know, you could see that reversal. Four hours still hasn't switched bearish yet. We got a ways to go. So he said one. Yeah, I'll look at that one next. Oh, wow. It did do what I needed to do. This would be kind of the next high interest zone for me for one. The thing is here is I almost want to get a daily break of structure on some of these coins.
Or, you know, a lot of them, the daily pullback looks like it's kind of doing its thing and getting up to the top. Bitcoin hasn't really given us that yet, but like one, if I'm looking at it from a swing perspective, I'd say, okay, broke structure there. Well, I would really say, I mean, everything's kind of in those zones where it's pretty decisional. You know, really at the top of the daily range. What the fuck, how did I select text?
Look at this, like, you know, here's the swing structure we have to work with. We're also under that 4-hour POI. Didn't really hit anything except this fractal range, I guess. Maybe that's what you're looking at or looking for. Ideally, I would have wanted this candle down here, though. But, I mean, I guess if you used the last candle before it was spliced and we tapped into that, kind of already got, really, what I would have said, the one-minute enter would have been right there. Not sure if the wrist or war. This looks good, though.
The risk reward's probably not really there. Nah, it's not. Probably going up to this right here, or maybe the zone. I wouldn't really target the zone, though. I'd target the structure. Okay, Filecoin hit a nice 160%. That signal was given out on the Discord, too. Fuzzy Watch on YouTube if you're wondering where this came from. Theta, ZP. I'll tell you one thing about Theta, man. I don't know, I swear. This coin, I haven't looked at it in a long time, but it was like... It's one of those coins that just never...
like literally look at it like it never saw another bull run with crypto like literally the entire all 2021 it was just i mean it kind of did but it never even made highs again so i don't know personally i wouldn't really pay my i'll do the ta on it but i'll just my advice would be not to really pay much mind to stuff like this just because it's shown zero strength when everything else did and in crypto that's kind of like a very big red flag for me if everything is flying and it's like
You've literally seen nothing from this. For me, I mean, this looks good down here. I'll say that for sure. This price action looks good, but I usually don't pay these as much attention just for that reason. This looks more like accumulation. You've got push the downside. You wicked out the lows. Test. Coming back up maybe this, but not a big Wyckoff guy. I'm just at a first glance. The swing structure in the 4-hour is bullish. That's your low and high.
So, you know, it looks like it came back down somewhere. I don't know. The way I trade, like smart money, sometimes it's like, for instance, I'm looking here, like even in hindsight, I can't tell you where this, like there was no clean POI really on the four hour that wasn't mitigated. Except right here, I guess, maybe in this wick, but I would have never looked for that. That's where it seems to have reacted from.
Sweat the weak lows. Now you've came for the highs. You know, ideology here would be to target this weak high. So you just look to get it on the 15-minute. Look for like, are you at a premium or discount? You're at a premium. You could look for, try to trade the one hour or the 15-minute up to, you know, our weak high up here. You could, you know, build your narrative around that, but...
I wouldn't focus. I wouldn't really pay attention to this. I mean, you know, I say that and then it could fly to $1.50 tomorrow. And I personally won't care because I think that watching too much stuff will just make you miss trades unless you're just a swing trader and you just trade the four hour or something. It's one thing. But if you're trying to watch too many coins, it can bite you in the ass because, you know, you're spread out too thin.
so to speak, and you're not going to be really efficient watching the setups that actually matter. I always recommend just go across your higher time frames and look for the coins that have shown strength throughout some of this. You can literally hit the space bar as you're going through. You're like, okay, what's actually showing strength? Okay, storage. This might be interesting.
All right, because we see this big push. All right, now you got to be mindful it could be just a scam pump like up to, you know, for some extra liquidity for the devs. But, you know, let's look at the weekly. Weekly doesn't look too good just because we've filled all these imbalances. We don't really have much to go up against. Yeah, just be careful if you're getting like trying to get into a bunch of longs. Oh, no, you're fine, ZP. I wasn't saying that. I was just saying, like, I wouldn't, if I were you, don't get lost in that chart.
storage though i don't this weekly i don't really like and a lot of times too like it's easy to forget like when you're looking at if you're if you're trying to trade the way that i trade smart money does work on most stuff but you're gonna see it work better on coins that have institutional involvement um you know it's it's not to i'm trying to think of how to say this there's nothing like wrong with trading these coins but me personally i look for stuff that has institutional involvement
I want to see clear footprints of market makers stepping in, large market makers stepping in to play these coins and see some of this price action really respected. And for me, usually I see that on a higher cap coins. Like that's why when I watch crypto, I'm watching stuff that, you know, like my crypto list is mostly majors, you know, the top 10 to top 20 coins, because that's where you're going to see.
um the big dogs are involved because there's a lot of money involved you know um coins like the grayscale is coins that you know have big partnerships with um large scale companies stuff like that you know what i mean like not like coins that kind of fallen off and are a little i'm just dead in the water so to speak alla though i wanted to get into this
Just go ahead and mark everything. You do it.
daily swing structure i mean really i would consider this a swing on gala this right here so we're getting back up again into that daily supply we said when checking for institutional candle do i focus on the indecision candle or the candle before the imbalance or the last red candle it's different per situation so i look for the last candle before i see the big move it's just really the last candle before the impulse started so like let's say like okay like in this um
situation right here for me it would be this candle right here because if we look where did the big move start started right here but this is a really big zone so i would go down on a four hour and then i'd do the same thing okay right there because we had an engulfing on the next candle but i know one hour you know so for me here you know i would really look
using order block here i'd look at this but you you know if the institutional candle would be this right here now if we're going to 15 minutes that's probably going to be an order block that is right there you can continuously do this and just like any kind of refinement the higher you refine the higher the odds are that you're going to miss a trade um
but That's just kind of how how it goes whenever you're trying to refine it Also, if you look at that you could maybe see this candle right here, but I see the impulsive move really starting right here So I would just leave it on this candle because I would just look at this as an order block, but I hope that made sense I'm not gonna really rush a lot of stuff with a lot of these alts right now. I'd like to see
moves to the downside before I, you know, go crazy and get into longs up here. Yeah, I'm not really seeing a ton of stuff that I want to really dabble in today.
But I'm going to hop off here. I'm going to look around and see if maybe there's a PM trade on indices. That's mainly the next thing I'd be watching for. And from there, maybe get a trade, maybe not. What's up? Since we've got you on here, can you take a look at Cake for me? Sure. Always ask me because sometimes I'd rather. Do they take off futures for this?
Oh, yeah, it's just a spot. Okay. But it is breaking out. I was just about to dump a quick bag. I've been looking at it for a while now. Let's see. Okay, so the daily structure is bearish, but we have shown signs of a pullback, it seems, over here. Personally, I wouldn't be chasing this here. I would wait a little. I mean, I don't know. Actually, you did kind of wick back down to this demand. So let's see how you reacted right here. Okay, this flip demand. Four hour.
personally i would be waiting but i don't i don't trade this that much it might run from here because you had this i guess looks like a 12 hour order block i would wait for it's down here but i mean personally i wouldn't be but that's just my strategy i mean you could definitely see it run here
So what I see is we broke above the daily high. We did wick back down and we reacted to something in here. Right. But it didn't feel the imbalance here all the way down. Left that and then also didn't hit this for our demand. So for me, I don't know how well this works on cake. I would use this as like an inducement low. So. So would let like go technically satisfied, but not satisfied.
It'd be technically not satisfied for me, but it'd be satisfied for somebody who's looking at a 12-hour. So if you look at 12-hour, see what's going right there under that order block. So I don't really use a 12-hour, though. So I use a 4-hour. So for me, this would be one that I would just chill on. If I'm looking at the 4-hour, though, overall target would probably be somewhere in this area. I'd go to a 1-hour to refine it.
i would say this candle i'll just use this whole range still i'd probably just use the four hour zone expand it down to right there so we still got a ways away from that you know so we could you could look at it from two perspectives you know for me this kind of price action just makes me not want to touch it once we see that kind of stuff these huge wicks but um let's see that 15 minute structure i guess would still be
This right here. That would be just a liquidity raid. It's probably going to move to the upside. After you see a wick like that, it's most likely it's swept up a lot of early longs and cleaned out these stop losses. You'll see push to this wick, to this deviation. It doesn't look terrible, but I wouldn't really...
Personally, it wouldn't be what I'd be paying attention. But if you've been watching it for a while, you like cake. That's cool. I wouldn't. Yeah. Easy day. Wait, say what? Oh, I said that's it. Then I'm just not even going to step toes into it. I'm good. Yeah, exactly. That's the way I look. It's like, could I see it pumping? Will I be surprised if it flies up here? Absolutely not. But I don't see it as something that's like, ooh, I want to buy that. You know what I mean?
And Bitcoin dominance. I'll do this, then I'll hop off. And also, what is the actual...
Herp thing. And I hate to bring up the shitty coin, but it is also institutionalized. What about Litecoin? It's breaking above freaking $60 for the first time ever again. I mean, anytime something's breaking out for me, I wait because to me, I just look at that like it's going to break a stretch. I don't expect a pullback. You consistently wait for the four-hour confirmation on a retest or like after a breakout?
Depends if we're bullish. If we're bullish on the four-hour structure, I'll play a 15-minute change of character, which is just an internal market structure break on the 15-minute once we get to the four-hour demand that sponsored the break of structure. So either way, when something breaks out, that's just like the beginning of an idea for me. But I'll look at that one, too. I'll look at it after I look at the dominance. Let's see.
Actually, I'm just going to look at the chart. This actually hit either this freaking a long time ago when I was using gray boxes, and it definitely hit. I think this is where Playboy got you guys in shorts, too. Why is that? This looks interesting. The daily structure is now bullish. You pulled back down into a...
That is weird because it's kind of going against what we would look for when we're going into alt season. So look, this looks bullish as shit in my opinion. So I'm looking at Bitcoin dominance. I'm seeing this is a four hour. Thank you for telling me to look at this actually because I'm going to wait on this. I've personally never traded the perpetuals on this. Yeah, I've never traded it. Might this time. This is developing, but yeah. Really what I'd look for here is now the crypto.
Okay, cool. Whatever. What I'd be looking for is price to eventually come down to this zone. And then on the 15 minute, give that change of character. Look for the newly introduced demand. Then you could look for a long there. And then that would be the kind of laying the confirmation. I want to see how this is actually going to be a cool little case study. I'm going to put this on my list so I don't forget it.
So I was going to give us a little alt run and then retest. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I mean, it looks bullish as can fucking be, though, dude. Like, this looks bullish. Wait, what the fuck? Why is this? Okay, hold on one second. This chart might be on some wonky shit. It's drawn from a demand candle here. What's the date? That's 510. And then 510, it does not even go down that far. I guess that's what it means whenever it's...
I don't know. That's weird. Because if you look on the daily, it clearly shows a candle right here. So let's just draw a... I'm going to highlight the zone that candle's in. And if we go to a four hour, there's just nothing there. So I don't know what to think of that.
Interesting. We need to break high time structure for a bull run. I mean, this doesn't mean anything about bull runs. I mean, if you look, we broke structure multiple times during, you know, absolute terrible bearish price action. But, you know, I can't think of the word because I'm sitting here looking at it. We did break above here. I mean, this wasn't really much of a break of structure because, you know, theoretically, the swing structure at this point was literally all the way.
you know somewhere in this region broke down like right there so it would have been like your old bearish swing structure was this it kind of moved around and then we broke it again it looks like so now you've got some new swing structure which is on the daily which is all of this but the four hour um uh or the daily looks like it came up to this area
and then reject it. I don't know, actually. It's interesting. I'll kind of backtest that. I never really looked for it for a bull run. More so just the cycling of money between sectors of crypto. On that note, I'm going to hop off here. If you don't see anything you like, it's never bad to chill. Looks like longs on indices were the move today, but it didn't give me the model I use on them personally. Anyways.
I appreciate you guys as always. I will holler at you later. Peace.
