Kind of just watching price now and seeing do we start to make higher highs with any force. The 239 is where I am in on this trade. I want to see a push here. Cool. All right. Bang, bang. We're going to trade this continuation. I want to see aggressive buying continuously step in. Otherwise we could see some of these guys up here get trapped and then we can wait to see where we have these big moves stem from. Because if you can see us like retrace down into one of these areas, you can then see like our buyers still defending this position. If they do, then you can use under that area as a stop.
right after we rebound from it now if we just get some aggressive move to the upside here you don't really get as much of a good risk to reward by putting your stop too far away so we're looking over here like we have the overall idea from price we got the idea that we're going to make some kind of move to the upside now of course that can change it's not to say oh okay well we're 100 going here but like this is kind of a level i would look for if we continue this kind of bullish behavior in the session like let's just say the market does this number like we have a big move up
we buy here, and then it does retrace. Either you get stopped out before the real move, or you just get way worse risk to reward than you could. Now, if we pause, wait for something along those lines, or wait for some kind of new footprint to be put in, new large amounts of buyers, then cool. You can look to kind of chase in a...
uh logical way now in order to trade continuation what i want to see is increasing amounts of buying but notice how we don't really have increasing amounts of buying right if anything it's kind of dwindling so until i start to see increasing amounts of buying into these levels that we see above i don't want to really you know get in into these trades because we could see sellers try to step in for a second and then the way i like to look at it is you want to see these tug of war battles so like for example if you're looking and saying okay cool where are buyers holding the line
You almost want to see some sellers try to at least push the market to that area because then you can get a better take on things. A little bit more difficult sometimes to trade just full blown momentum. You can do it, but it is lower probability. So it's best to be patient and see if you can get a better setup. Because at the end of the day too, like you wait for that, then you can really see who's in control. Because if sellers start overtaking that, you know, then you could say, okay, cool. Well, that's, you know, that idea is not really super valid. Now, another thing you can use is if you start to see a lot of sellers, like at this range and then the market.
absorbs them all meaning the market starts to push to the upside we see increased buying after that that would be an even better setup than just trying to trade straight momentum because if you can see like where did that that big move really started from down here we saw aggressive buying aggressive buying aggressive buying like really aggressive right here on this 25 185 25 190 area that to me would be like if we were going to retrace that would be a great place to you know see an entry or maybe we get an entry from here kind of just watching price now and seeing do we start to make higher highs with any force
Does the market start getting accepted higher? Because you want to see once we get these larger amounts of, you know, buying coming, you want to see price rewarding that if you're going to long the continuation here. So I'm going to get in with a scalp at two. I want to see this candle closure. I'm going to do 2.39.
So 239 is where I am in on this trade. Did it even trigger us to take profit? It did not. That's fine. I'll just be watching anyways. So pretty tight stops here. I want to see this aggression continued. So kind of like what makes me want to get into this trade is we finally saw what I was looking for, aggressive buying, more aggressive buying. Ideally, we want to see these levels hold, right? So this is at 246. I put it right under 249. I mean, I'm sorry, right under 240 at 239. Don't really want to see us get too far under that. If we do...
then I'll probably cool it and see if we can get a better entry. But I do want to stay consistent to the plan of what I was looking for. But that's why I want to keep tight stops because I don't want to see these levels really get lost if we're going to see upwards movement. And then we also got the candle closure above this level right here, which is kind of what I was looking for. And I said I wanted to watch price. This is kind of the level we want to see defended. If we lose this, we'll probably get stopped.
I'm just going to leave the stop where it's at for now. Ideally, you want to see this hold and see some momentum if we're going to see a continuation. Because again, like we can see, there's a buyers right here that's kind of like caused this new move. You hit into it, you want to see those buyers defend their position if they're still in control. It's kind of what we might see here. So now at this time, what I would do is I'd move my stops up right here to this level because that's kind of like where buyers just defended. I don't want to see that lost.
right? Like I don't want to see that area get lost if that is the last area that we see as like the ladder, like kind of the example I was talking about on Monday. You're in a trade, where are the buyers at? So we have this big bubble. They come down, those buyers defend, boom, now that is your next point you don't want to see get lost. You can also watch where more and more buyers are stepping in to kind of see like, okay, where do I want to continuously trail up stops? I'd say we could go ahead as well and move up stops just to right here at this.
258 area 257 75 so we've removed most of the risk on the trade and the reason for that is again like what i was just saying where are we seeing the most amounts of buyers stepping in right here so i want to see these continuously defended i don't want to see us especially and then a context is important right because remember the context of this is that we're trying to trade a squeeze like we're already we're already asking for a lot that's the way i like looking at it like we're already asking for a lot if we're going to get a big move here i want to see a big move i don't want to see it around and just
sit there i want to see explosiveness or i don't want to be in the trade that's very very important okay i'm going to go ahead and put stops at 270. so now stops are in profit now what you want to see is all this liquidity right here you want to see us like blast it like you want to see this get absolutely decimated that's the goal of this right so what is this 279. so i'm going to go ahead and move my stops up to 278
So one point under that position. I want to see more aggression here to move up stops and break this 300. I'm going to go ahead and move stops to 290, 291. I want to see a push here or I'm happy to take the profits. Cool. All right. Bang, bang. So secured. What was that on the day?
$6,100. Not too bad for a 50-minute workday. I'll keep watching to see if we can get another trade. I do like this setup overall. I'm going to stay focused on this before we start reviewing stuff. $298. I'm going to go lighter risk. So I want to risk $3,000. I want to go $295.
with pretty tight stops here but i want to see aggressive movement now the reason i got right back in is again we started to see more aggressive buyers right off this level i want to see this continued i'm going to go ahead and move stops to enter on this i really want to see a squeeze if i want to have risk on this stops are at entry let me see something all right let's go ahead and move um stops to 320 keep it really tight
Cool. All right. Tagged another quick little bag. That brings us up to $7,800. All right. Now let's see if we can get a retracement. I want to see more aggression if I'm going to get in the trade. I'm going to take another $3,000 risk at $314. If we can get a... I want to see a little bit more than this. I want to see if we can get...
some kind of retracement hold this level. I'm just keeping my order ready and I'll actually go a lighter amount of risk because we can get pretty good risk reward here and I don't want to be greedy here. But I want to see us trade into this level, see if we can start to make another move to the upside with more force before I get in. But just getting my position ready if I'm going to execute. You want to see this held? If this isn't held, then I'll probably just be done for the day. I put it right there at that 314. Lighter risk. I'm happy to be a little bit more aggressive. I'm going to go ahead and put stops at entry.
all right cool i'm done i'm gonna be done on that one main reason that um i was pretty aggressive on those stops is again we hit here saw a little bit of aggressive buying it could still go it could still go but i'm happy with with the gains i got for today we could just start seeing chop as well let's do some recap real quick can i go over volume profile yes we'll do that as part of the recap we've been talking about this range the entire since it's happened okay we want to see like when we mark volume profile with a fixed range you want to see where we're having structure most people
you know structure we all know structure doesn't really look like that most of the time most of the time it looks like this
right? So what you want to see is mark that volume profile on each leg. So like, think of it like we see this right here. We saw this move down, sideways move. Okay. That value area high and that low are going to tell you what the market's likely going to do. Okay. If you trade into one of these levels and fail to break out of it, as you'll see, the market just bounces, bounces, bounces, bounces inside the range. But once you start to break out of it, especially if there's an area of low volume,
that is when you will see like what we saw today. Exactly like literally what I said was gonna happen on the outlook, right? And you just understand that the market's gonna move quickly during areas of low volume because there's not many people positioned here, right? Like this big move over here, this was just caused by a lack of people in the market. There's no sellers in this area that are defending this position. So it's kind of like, you know, free for the taking if we do see buyers. Now, how do we know there's buyers? Well, they're breaking out of the value area high. This is where 70% of the volume was traded, meaning that
if price is above where volume was traded and it's getting accepted there it's not getting sold off who's in control of the market the people that are controlling these markets they're not in the business of losing money if all the volume was traded here and positions were accumulated here and the market's higher chances are the people who position those themselves here are looking to take the market higher right so once you have that barometer then you start to look for overall entry you look for overall logic now let's talk through that so this morning
We pretty much just opened up and saw instantaneous price action of the upside, but we stayed consistent. I walked you through exactly what I was looking for. 9.30 AM, we had this big move up. I said, cool, where did it start from? Where was the imbalance of buyers and sellers? Now, little bit of a kind of a masterclass here. Notice how there's a big amount of volume here and a big amount of volume here. I like this one more. Does anyone know why? Well, because as we can see, there was an interchange. There was a battle. There was a lot of people trying to sell here.
the big sell wall but buyers stepped in and blasted through it so i know not only are sellers trapped here but also buyers are really pushing through so this was a reference point if we would have saw the market retraced to this boom hit into this and then see more aggressive buying i would have longed from there now another scenario is when we're in low volume you won't get retracements and this is why it's important to understand the environment you're trading in so if i'm in an area where i think that bulls are in control i think we could have a massive move and
i want to possibly trade that what do i want to see i want to see a lack of sellers and i want to see aggressive buying so we waited here it's pretty even as you can see there's buying and selling going on but then we started to see some attempts to sell off i told you if this gets trapped and we see aggressive buying then i'm in that's exactly where we got in once we started to retrace back to where we saw aggressive buying cool now it's the ladder starts right now the reason that i started to get more aggressive with my stock management here is because you do see
This volume kind of fading. So we caught that one last scalp. Then we got a break even. Just at that point, I'm done for the day. And as you can see, the market's starting to kind of chill and make its mind up. I think it'll still probably go higher. That's fine. I made good money today.
All right. Dude, isn't this shit funny? Look, I'm like a professional at not paying, but they got me this time. Violation of parking. I literally just sent this to my assistant, and she thinks it's hilarious because, like, I just take a picture and just send it to her. It's worth the risk. Look, I'm a gambler, dude. I risk money every day. I'd rather... RR's pretty good on not paying for parking, right? It's like the time RR, though, because that I can just send to my assistant. She just pays it. It's like tending a text. Another one, you got to go on an app and, like, type this shit, like...
No, I'm not doing that. I'm excited for this software we're building. Like it's going to be pretty insane. The stuff you can do with AI is like absolutely mind blowing more and more every day. And it's funny because all these people are on my like open claw and like that stuff's like been around. You just couldn't access it as easy if you're a new, but working with this team of developers for the software that I'll be launching later this year has been pretty eye opening.
ai is going to take your job that is real like 100 if you don't have a skill i think the biggest thing is being able to have a creative skill have ambition and be able to articulate your vision because if you can do those things then ai will be leverage to you if you can't do those things then you will be replaced by ai like if you do anything that doesn't take creative thought doesn't take having a vision like most likely you've got like one to two years left and
Like there's that article that was written by Citrini or whatever. It's like a research firm or something like that. And like I was reading it, it was talking about the S&P has been, it's 2028, the S&P's down 40%. All the white collar jobs have been displaced. Like it's crazy to think that is like probably going to happen. I mean, obviously it's not a good thing. I wouldn't say it's a good thing, but for those who are able to leverage it. And I think really the thing that people don't understand is people talk about like, oh, back whenever our parents were younger.
you could buy a house for this or you know 100 years ago you could buy a house for 10 000 or whatever like that is how it's designed do you not get it like do you not understand that it's designed to keep getting worse that's literally the way the financial system was designed so the people who are rich get richer and the people who are poor stay poor and get even poorer and then that gap grows so if you understand this and you're on this part of the internet watching this video about trading like you better wake up every damn day
Figuring out like what the fuck am I gonna do to get ahead because if you're not ahead Like if you're not at least trying your hardest every day to get ahead right now Like you're fucking cut you're done I just feel like every single day you need to have that kind of urgency It's something to get you out of the typical like nine-to-five mentality go to work for someone else something that gives you Responsibility of what what it is you do to make money whether that's trading sales running a business Whatever the fuck it is. You have to be doing something
where you're using AI to help you make more money or make you better at what you're doing. Otherwise, people are going to use AI to do what you're doing. And I've already seen it in my companies. And I'm in this mode right now of repositioning people to then put them in places that they're more strong, show them how to use AI, because I don't want to just replace people with it. But you see it with all the big companies. That's why we've had continuously good earnings. It's not because these companies are earning more. A lot of people don't realize this. It's like, why the stock market?
being bullish is kind of inflated is because they're cutting costs, right? Because they're able to fire and lay off so many people because of AI. A lot of people think it's like layoffs because the recession. No, it's layoffs because they're able to automate processes that used to not be able to automate. I don't think that anybody really gets it. Like they just had that report where 3% of people who are alive in the world pay over $20 for AI.
That's crazy to me. Like maybe you guys commenting. How many of you guys pay for like a premium AI tool? And in trading like there's no one that's really like doing this right. Like people are some people are using like regular LLMs for trading but those are based on the entire internet. Most people don't know how to prompt either and they don't have access to like advanced databases. So what we're gonna be building is gonna be insane. Like it's gonna essentially allow anyone no matter what your experience level to essentially access a lot of the same alpha and the same kind of edge.
that wall street accesses that these quants access if your job is just numbers you better figure something out like cpas anything like that like you're you're done contract writing all that kind of stuff is going to be over with but think about it like when crypto was really early or when the internet was really early i'm sure everybody that was an early adopter looked like they were crazy right and now you look back and you hear so many people oh i wish i would have bought bitcoin i wish i would have done this like that this is your chance to do that again
is to get involved with this stuff very early and apply it to anything you're doing even if you wanted to use like open claw or something maybe i should make a video about that let me know if you guys would want that but the key is understanding how to prompt and that's why i go back to saying the people who are able to have a vision and articulate it well those are going to be the people that win anyways enough for the ai doom talk let's go ahead and get fucking leg day
They do not know what just started. I pop a burger or Tony, then mack up the Rory, then fuck up my grandma's apartment. I rockin' Louisville, Louisville, cause I ain't too fresh with the U. No teller, but I'm the Mercedes, I'm the creator. I got the drip in my pools. How can I never? I can never kiss a whore. Fuck her life, fuck, then go up and talk. She know we up on the board. They're like, what's with your ring? I love it, Karen. I come with a bad bitch and a mansion. And she's from Paris.
Honestly, I've been cutting like crazy lately. I've just been eating fucking chicken, and I'm ready to eat a steak. That's how real this cut is. I'm weighing my fucking food. Almost there, though. I've got like two or three more percent body fat to lose, and it's dreaded season. God give me style, God give me grace. God give me style, God give me grace. God put a smile on my face. God put the smile on my face.
God make me shine like the sun. God make me shine like the sun. Sometimes I feel like I'm the one. Sometimes I feel like it ain't my fault. I just reached my style. I'm hot, I breaks it down. It ain't my fault. You can't break it down the way I break it down. Listen, you can call me what you want.
All right, so now that dinner's done and we got some food in us, I want to lock in for a couple hours to round off the day. I always try to get some deep work done in the evenings. I got to review this video, which I'll leave a link down in the description. It's six hours of me live trading, doing this whole account challenge. So it's going to be an awesome video. I know whenever I was trying to trade, like learning and coming up, I always would get sick and tired of people with like educational videos and I just wanted to see it done.
So I figured why not be the first person to do like a live trading course. So that's going to be pretty cool. I mean, how much did you make like throughout all six hours? Throughout all six hours, it was multiple trading days. And I ended up taking an account from just under $10,000 to $150,000. Like I know that sounds insane here. Hold on, let me just show you. So I'm going to log in to the actual broker. So like watch me type this in because a lot of people, they'll just show you like, you know, a screenshot of a trade or like trade Zella or something that doesn't.
actually prove you know you're making money so we'll log in together so you can see for yourself because i know it's a pretty like insane claim um as you can see right here live trading right there so we'll click live trading and then go over here to see the report we'll do from when i started this challenge with this account which was november 5th to the 25th which is today
As you can see, gross P&L, $148K. Total P&L after fees, $143K. You can see up here, $153K in the account. So started a little under $10K. As you can see, $143K in profit. And it was a pretty good overall challenge. I went to draw it in at first, but after that, I had a couple dips. But overall, it was pretty steady upwards. Trading's definitely been good lately. So yeah, watch that video.
literally can watch me do the entire thing dude that's that's nuts so what what like multiplier is that what like that 15x 15x yeah dude i need to learn how to trade yeah i know right honestly like that would be why don't we do that
We could do that. You've literally blown what? You've blown a couple of accounts. Yeah, definitely. But he hasn't actually traded. This dude just literally full poured his accounts. So he doesn't really get it. Definitely lost some in crypto as well. Yeah, no, I'm down. Let's do it. Should they leave it in the comments if they want to see that video? Yeah, if you guys want to see that, leave it in the comments. I never usually put edutainment, I guess, as that kind of content. But that would be fun. I think that would also...
be a good lesson for a lot of people but yeah let us know in the comments if that's something you'd want to see
