what's up guys as you can see i'm floating 44 000 on this trade and i wanted to give you guys an update because yes i'm up on this trade but i did take two losses in nasdaq so i want to share those with you guys that way you can learn from my mistakes and also i'll break down this trade really quickly for you guys so first i want to go over nasdaq and the trades that i took here so let me turn this on and we can take a look at the trades that i took looks like the overall idea i wanted to have happen is going to play out but
it is what it is i am watching for a swing trade though i want to see um you know actually actually we got we kind of what i want i like this i like this right here um with this inversion right here
What kind of stop is this because it would be a higher stop I want to get Give us some room. So it's like 125. I'm just gonna go ahead not buy oops Definitely want to do that. I want to go ahead and enter one contract. I might scale into this But I'm likely gonna swing this one. I mean, I'll put my stops Up here at that high now. I want to put my take profit much lower down here at this level And just let this thing run and I'll break over why so
the reason for this the reason i also took some losses this morning were that this morning i looked at it like we had taken out this high over here let me go now i've got this cluttering my charts but it's okay and we had taken out this high this time-based high which was the um london high right that was made between midnight and six so we took that out and the market had started to move down during the session um and i was looking at this over here like a possible um
sell off this fair value gap because i looked at it like you know we'd taken out that high the market was displacing down we came into the fair value gap right there and we had got a good reaction so we look at it like this market had dug into that i like the way this candle came down and engulfed the previous so that was the first try i took stops were just at this level i put kept them really tight and i got stopped right there now once i got stopped i was still looking at this in the same way and we inverted another fair value gap and the market came down and
if i can click this fair value gap it came down and inverted so i took another cell right here and i got stopped with my stop right there both of these were very light size so i lost about sixteen hundred dollars um you know looking back i probably should have just mechanically traded this uh first candle rule bounce entry right over here so if you look we had that first candle rule push to the upside uh and then this would have given a three hour win but you know to be honest i'm looking at the market like i i think it's going to go down um
the main reason for that is just overall higher time frames to me are bearish um i also like the way this four hour candle was looking to be honest with you um and i'm looking for lower prices on uh
on indices in general like i'd like to see all of this down here at some point as you guys know i've been calling for that so we'll see how the trade that i just called um right here plays out and um the logic behind it to be clear is that we have a four hour fair value gap so if you notice right here and i'm going to turn these off so we don't have so much clutter um but if you notice right here we've got a four hour fair value gap right this is the same model we traded for gold
we got to tap into the level got a couple but then what happened after that tap this is the model right here you tapped right here you swept above it meaning the market traded through it and then you got your inverted fair value gap so when i see that um ideally i would have liked to get a little bit of a better entry like on the close of this candle but you know the risk to reward still good and that's something else i see a lot of traders like overthink they think if they don't get like the perfect entry they just can't trade but the way i look at it is like do i have good risk to reward right that's really all i care about um
and for me you know typically i'll risk anywhere from three to five thousand on a trade so this to me i'm still not even in a full position um so i'm happy to you know as long as i'm getting good risk to reward still you know enter the trade um because it meets my model four hour fair value gap then the 15 minute sweeping and engulfing i'm sorry not engulfing and inverting a fair value gap um so we'll see how this one plays out i'm just targeting these lows down here but likely i will leave i'm gonna leave this here because i'm gonna go to the gym in case we get a flush but
I will watch if the market does make it down there to see how we react once we hit that level, right? Like let's say if the market is rushing down towards it and we displace through it, I'll likely leave my orders open and see if we can get some legs under it. So yeah, guys, hopefully by the time you see this, you are able to maybe catch this trade even. All right, so back to this gold trade. As you can see, it's rushing pretty aggressively.
And the reason I got this trade was really simple. It's very similar to what I just taught you on NASDAQ. It's just using a four hour fair value gap. So I watched right here. We had a four hour fair value gap and then the market tapped down into it, but we waited for a sweep. So you go from the four hour fair value gap, go to your 15 minute.
And if you notice right here, the market drilled down into that level. So we swept after we drilled down into it because the market hit it. You don't wanna trade this right here. This is where a lot of people get chopped up. They think that you're gonna get a market structure shift and you just immediately trade. No, don't do that. You need to wait for a sweep because if there hasn't been a liquidity sweep and you can't see the liquidity, then you are the liquidity. Only the OG Casper audience will know that reference. I used to say that at the end of every video. It's kind of funny.
but now after that happens we want to see all the fair value gaps in that little move the last move get inverted okay so as you can see right here i entered a little early now i've been doing this for nine years so i don't think that a beginner trader should be as aggressive as i am but you could have just still waited for this candle closure and that would have been the confirmed entry and your stop loss would have been down here so it would have looked something like this put your stop right there and then for the target which is the most important part
you want to make sure that you find an obvious area of liquidity. If you notice right here, we had all of these equal highs. So cool, that's our obvious area of liquidity. Now that's really good risk to reward. And one might say it's greedy to hold past this. But personally, I think that the secret to becoming a profitable trader for many of you guys is hidden within your own trades that you already have. And when I say that, I mean that a lot of the times, go back and look at your winners. How many of them did you just take profit at the perfect time?
My guess is very few of them, okay? So if that's the case, then if you were able to squeeze out that bit of extra risk to reward, what would your average risk to reward realized look like? You might just be a profitable trader already and you don't even realize it because you're not getting the most out of your winners. So the way we need to do this is not by just greedily holding onto trades. We need to do it in a way that also protects us from downside. So how do we do that?
Once the market hits into our level, we're going to trail up our stops to candles that close through levels, okay? And then you can also trail them up along the way when we're making new structure after we've swept liquidity. So trail up the stops along the way, but after we've hit this level, move stops here. After we make a new high, move stops here. After we make a new high, move stops here. Why would I take profits on an extremely bullish trade? This is where a lot of people would say, oh, he's being greedy, he's gambling, but...
This is the fucking truth, guys. If you want to actually scale and make big money trading, you're going to have to hold on to some of your winners. Not everything is just going to be a fixed small risk to reward, right? I'm sitting here floating 11R up $44,000, $45,000. What am I going to do? I'm going to follow a mechanical system and then I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go about my day because I know that.
This is the way that I'm actually going to be able to achieve big wins like this. And if you can't think like this, then sure, you might save yourself from some possible downside. You know what else you save yourself from? You save yourself from ever having the potential to win big. So I want you guys to implement this into your trading. And trust me, test it for yourself. Go see how it works. Make sure you have conviction in it.
Thank you guys for watching. Make sure to subscribe to the channel. If you want to join the free community, I'll leave the link down in the description. And if you guys like these trade recap style videos, now I guess live, we called a trade in this one too. Just let me know in the comments and I'll keep making them. So appreciate you guys a ton and I'll see you later.
