What's good? Pretty crazy morning on everything. So, I didn't take any trades except a quick little scalp in here. We're in stock chat, but...
Literally, I was like a super scalp. Other than that, I haven't taken anything. I mapped out a long this morning, but I just wasn't, I wasn't really too, too confident I was going to take this high, to be honest. Looking back, I do see this as more of a liquidity void than an imbalance. So oftentimes that will get completely filled. So kind of wish out a long day this morning. I plotted out the entry as it was happening and kind of just like, I'll wait, but oh well.
So obviously we had that massive move to the downside. And when I'm looking, whenever we have something like that, if I even look to trade in the mornings, I'm going to use a five minute chart rather than a 15 as far as for our little raid. And that was the main reason along with where I was going to take profits that I didn't take it. But see right here at 930, immediate little push down. Nice little reaction. It's the same model, right? Market structure shift, leaving a fair value gap.
Off to the races now. I did not think that it was going to to move that fast and the little scalp I took
It was right here on this shift. And then when price came back right up here, I took a short literally just down to this imbalance right here. Super like little micro scalp shit. I was, oh, I was going to take it to here, but I didn't like this. And on this kind of morning, I was just like, okay, just go ahead and take, it was like 1.5 R, nothing major. Originally I'd looked at this breaker block as well. I wanted price to kind of drop in there, but we see that.
It completely pushed through everything. So looking back, I think the main thing that I really wasn't taking into account is that this is a liquidity void, not a imbalance. Liquidity voids usually get filled. And then we did have quite a bit of highs.
They aren't equal, but relatively equal to where there's going to be a lot of stop losses. Also, whenever we have inflation numbers come out, not as expected, then we're going to see a lot of people want to short. Okay, the market's going to crash, and then we know what the market likes to do. It's going to be the inverse of everything else.
So let me hop onto a higher timeframe chart for the ES or longer time, which is ES1. I know you guys, I've told a couple of people to use ESZ just because it has the highest interest. ICT is the one who recommends that as well. So here's a couple of questions actually. I said, hi Casper, or do I think the news favored the dollar? I wouldn't really try to like...
bet on that. And I'm going to go in a little bit deeper into why, because you would think, yes, you'd think, yes, like the higher inflation is going to make DXY run because more people are going to be risk off. But another thing that this morning that came out was jobless claims. So most people don't think about this, but whenever you have higher jobless claims and employment is growing and that problem is becoming
increasingly bad like if you look these are really big jumps here 228k from 219k this doesn't actually have as detailed as for it my forex book does because it breaks it down oops wrong one but um whenever jobless claims are rising what that does is it puts pressure is it my fx book like my brain dead right now i can't remember it
What it does is it puts pressure on the Fed to not raise interest rates as high as they want because they can only combat inflation with that so long that it doesn't completely destroy the US economy, which that's where they walk that fine line of how much really can they hike rates. But how do you even get to it on the computer? I never use this one. Here we go. Yeah, so everything was really bad with jobless claims, right?
as far as the continuing the um initial take this off um
continuing jobless claims. This is actually right on point, but everything is raising. Even though they're on point with the expected, the moral of the story here is that it's raising and getting worse. So if that continues to get worse, a lot of people think that's bad for markets, but it's actually good in the sense that it delays interest rates being hiked. It might sound a little backwards, but...
That's that's the effect that that could have so I wouldn't really as much try to like play off the news but instead just try to Don't be a victim to it. That's what I tell people I'm just gonna go ahead and completely clean this chart I mean when I'm looking at the most recent monthly order blocks like the two levels that stand out to me the most oops
are these two candles, right? Because this is the most recent pro trend order block. We've always obviously been making lower lows and highs on the monthly as far as just our internal structure goes. So this would be our most recent pro trend order block, which was kind of that bear market rally. And we know that smart money was selling all the way up through that. They were distributing the longs that they had caught from the bottom and also pushing price back up to where they could enter more cells. So we look at that as an area.
of institutional order flow and really anything above this is going to be you know a potential selling zone i mean as you see as this candle barely tapped into it on the monthly we've aggressively moved away from it so we also have the most recent
counter trend order block, a bullish order block that isn't touching this candle is going to be right here. So when we're talking about ranges on the monthly chart, you know, from a more immediate perspective, this is really the range that I see us between, which is 33.44 and 37.89. So anywhere in this area is going to be kind of fair game. So it's not crazy to say we're going to dump all the way down here.
So then when I go to the weekly chart, this is something ICT pointed out. I haven't really been paying as much attention to the actual order block here as the imbalance, but I see because the reason is whenever you use this monthly chart, and this is actually from ICT 2016, you can basically layer your monthly range that you're trading within whenever we're trying to establish a premium discount on a...
broader spectrum not just the local ranges to what we're trading off of but you can also build and refine off of these levels so if we look here and here we're going to be able to go to the weekly and we'll be able to find high value order blocks right around each one of those areas so for instance going right here now you could if you want to refine this which i wouldn't refine it in terms just of the range but maybe a bounce point you know you can put it right here because that's the order block you know within the order block so to speak
So we're basically just trying to layer our analysis through different timeframes because the most overused term in the smart money book, price is fractal, but that does hold true. So did we react up this volume imbalance? Yeah, right off that. I think we'll still see lower, but I could see, it seems like price is drawing up into this imbalance here. So when we take this,
Kind of move here. We came into a premium now in the daily range. We're inside this fair value gap. I don't expect an immediate downturn, but, you know, personally, I would be more waiting for a sell setup to occur. Why did this draw like that? What in the hell? What is my trading doing right now? It's not even set to extend left. That was weird. Well, let me redraw that.
Okay, there we go. So now what we can do from a daily, what I like to do is go on an hourly and kind of refine this. I see, we don't have to refine it just into imbalances, but we can also look at order blocks. So I see an order block there and then just above it with some relatively equal highs, which I would preferably like more right here.
And we actually had talked about this imbalance earlier this week, which it wasn't for this reason, but we had marked this up. You can go watch the Monday video. So those are two areas I think we're drawing towards as of right now. But after that, I could see more downside.
It is Thursday. We've already had a really wide range. I mean, who knows, you know, the market might go crazy again, but I mean, this is not normal for indices. So, um, you know, last CPI day we had a really big move, right? But if you notice, we had that big move in the morning consolidation, big move right before lunch. So, I mean,
Really, actually, I was on the hourly. I'm sorry. This was the morning right here. I was kind of like, I was like, wait, what's charting on? This was the morning, and then that was the dump. But you see here, we've had a massive reversal. So I don't know if it's going to be the craziest move in the afternoon. We'll see. If I find a setup, I'll take it, but I'm not going to force anything. This week's kind of been iffy for me. I haven't really taken many trades. Now for Bitcoin.
Ever so close to where I want to mess with Bitcoin and the guys in the server now and everybody encrypted like I'm sorry that There's just not much going on here in my opinion. There might have been some longs this morning off of this but I'm you know It's just not this it's just not as clean it really like for heat when I look at this I mean I see it now in hindsight You know you could said this was a shift Long this you know almost got stopped out
i would have with the spread unless you really had your stops wide but um i'm really just waiting on that low to get cleared that or the imbalance it's one or the other at this point this wicks are looking crazy though i will say that the xy drawing down further and it almost tells me that
I look at DXY at a glance, just as we've got on here, I would almost want to look for this order block or even these lows. The only reason for that is, well, actually we have an imbalance right here. I'm blind. I would be paying attention to this. That's what we're drawing towards, it seems like. Next stop, at least. Because if you see, we already came back down into this imbalance right there the other day.
But whenever we're looking at this impulse move we're in, for whatever reason, it's formed a swing high. That tells me it's trying to retrace. Now, we saw retrace here, but even then, that wasn't at a discount. So a lot of the times we get those reactions off of...
a POI that's not in favor of the current trend. For instance, if you have a long POI that's in a premium, you might get a reaction, but I like to call it almost like a fool's gold reaction. And here, let me switch to ES to give you guys a sample of that. Because you can make money off of them. You just have to understand what it is that you're looking at. Like I was saying in that trade earlier, whenever we're talking about this range, like if you are playing relative to just this range, just an example.
If I can get on the right candle. Like I was talking about the scalp I took earlier. Now, why didn't I want to take it much longer than that? Well, because we are in a discount. So it's a lower probability sell. Not to say you can't make money off of it. We come up right here. It's not perfect, but I can draw it. Come up, tap that fair value gap.
push to the downside and then reverse very quickly. Now, the reason for that is, like I said, it's like a fool's gold setup because you're not at that equilibrium. You're taking a lower probability trade. So many people try to just not even use discount premium. And I'm just like, that's like the fucking first thing out of the book. It's easy to forget it, I guess, but you know.
it's interesting that we didn't hit off that order block i mean you could see a reversal here because anywhere really up above these highs um you know you're looking at a lot of liquidity resting above that starting at lunch hour so no trades for me but i could see maybe if it closes like this it tells me it's drawing a little lower now to where i'm not sure but let me look at some of these questions maybe a short squeeze yeah that's what this morning definitely was shorts got the life squeeze out of them
Gold. Yeah, there was never a play on gold, bro. Remember we talked about that. We actually talked about that yesterday. But that was, and with Euro, that was a pretty clean example of something that, or was it Euro we talked about? That was the one hour we had talked about. This imbalance, yeah. So as price came back into it, let me look.
We talked about this with euro, not gold, but whenever we have that much of a reversal and there's no entry given, then what you want to do is you want to watch for a bias to shift because at that point, the one hour is clearly telling you that there weren't, you know, the notion that there were orders within that imbalance is not, it's just not correct. So when we have that massive move down, it kind of just erased that liquidity void.
Sorry, I had to mute you a bandemic, baby. Not bandemic, but the other. There's two bandemics. But yeah, once we come back down and just gap through that bounce and create another gap, then you can start to look around in these regions for shorts. So really, this whole little range is a redistribution. Little three drive up into this rejection block. I also didn't take that high before dumping.
And also, too, whenever it does something like this, which forms all that liquidity, you know, it's pretty clear that it's drawing towards something to the downside. Yeah, so, because I remember, I can't remember if it was you player or somebody else that was talking about gold COT was heavy long. And I was like, yeah, yeah, it's not always what we want, but this has to be a different, actually, gold chart. Totally on. Okay, there we go. Yeah, it was you, yeah.
Do I host the session already? I'm not sure what you mean. Kind of not even watching NQ recently. It's mainly been focusing on ES. See, NQ hasn't drawn into this daily imbalance, but it did hit this volume imbalance, which I've seen a lot of imbalances or voids get cut by these little gaps. Like for instance, right up here, never made it up to that imbalance. So we're all in potential reversal zones. I will say that, actually it is right at a premium, nevermind.
Well, technically it's not but the price came to a premium. I would almost want a little higher but See what the lunch hour brings. I like this area right here Definitely not bullish news curious if it's just the market makers doing the short squeeze. Yeah, I mean like I was saying, you know
It's not bullish news, but if jobless claims get a lot worse and unemployment becomes a huge problem, that will cushion the Fed's blow with interest rates. They have no choice. So in turn, that can end up being better for markets than one would think. But again, don't let the news influence your bias.
You know, obviously it's going to dump whenever we have that inflation number coming out, but don't let that make you just want to only short. You know, keep your mind open. You got to. Holy shit. I want to look crazy on ETH. Wix everywhere. ETH's not looking too bad. I think lower still, but again, with Bitcoin, I just kind of want this low to get taken because I miss trading crypto. I would like this to dig a little deeper into here at a minimum.
But that's like when you take the week because you're looking at crypto on the weekly Which I'm not saying this will happen, but just let me try we never moved into a premium the weekly move That would be the crypto thing to do just pump and dump everybody to the max. I know we've talked about this level before never know I'm just really being patient until these big levels get swept Heath, I mean honestly the more and more I look at ETH it's starting to look better like
Better to stick with aetherium if things do start to turn up as far as between the two majors for any kind of swings So I look at this which this was SMT divergence This was kind of manipulated, but I mean look at the strength that you've had compared to Bitcoin because Bitcoin kind of just moseyed up made a little three drive and then just dumped aetherium actually produced a pretty nice upswing and Both of them haven't really as far as the weekly ranges go. They never
return to a premium of those weekly ranges. Now, even if you draw this one here on Bitcoin, it did, but barely. Somebody said volume imbalance just shown is buy to sell and sell to buy Wix. So the key is the gap between the bodies. So you have that nice big gap right there. That's what I'm mainly watching for. Or like in this example, NQ.
The zone that I would watch would be just the gap between the bodies not necessarily the Whole thing right here, but that would be sell to buy wicks. If you're looking at from a supply and demand perspective Yeah, you have a night or EU gave a nice long after taking sell side Yeah, I think everything did this morning. I think it could reach higher to be honest One last little push on this zone would be nice. It looks like flows the same similar
Yeah, here with EU, I mean, I could see a draw higher up into this order block and this fair value gap. I'm actually going to set an alarm for this just so I do see when it happens. So we've already moved into a premium now with ES and NQ.
Everything's all over the place after this news. But I would say moving forward, we could see a little bit of a short squeeze, which we've already really seen. But I think overall downside, it's pretty clear. This weekly candle, though, is going to close pretty crazy if we say anything like this. That would be pretty nice. Why is my shit not working? It won't let me select comments. Okay, there it goes. Soul. Yeah, I'll take a look at soul.
i feel like this this chart tells me lower man i mean it's gonna move with the rest of crypto but when we trade up like this and then just immediately get shot down i mean this is really shitty looking chart to be quite honest like overall like not just shitty as far as like downside but just the price action on it um it's just trading it from this order block but it's really not showing much desire so i think i would i mean
Long time ago, I was really just waiting for this like on soul. I mean, I don't really watch All it's just much for day trading stuff recently, but and that'd be the honeypot is to come under 18 bucks But there's tons of stop losses there all these lows
And again, it's just really not the prettiest chart. I would say that the draw right now, if I had to say would be this, because if you notice price made an effort to push down, I formed this swing high. It came down, took out these lows. Then we came to this imbalance and formed another swing high. So that would tell me that we're moving to the downside to the next point of liquidity. We go to daily, nice reaction off all these lows. You can see some relief.
wants to select something like that like let's say if we close a day here then tomorrow we have another decent day um then i would maybe look for a draw back up in here it's really just the way i look at things are like let's say you have a price swing like this right and the real impulse move got a little bigger you see like a real desire that it's going up you know i would look at this like um
Try to find like the beginning of the impulse so if in this example I would do something like this and just find the most recent points that price moved really impulsive away from impulsively away from and
You could just basically look for any kind of like if it starts to show the desire to go up Meaning it formed a swing low a candle with another candle to the right another kind of the left with higher lows Then at that point I would look and you know for price to retrace up into a premium So if I'm looking at a daily chart that would give me a bullish daily bias And let's just say we have an imbalance here above this clean high Well, I would just look at that like okay. Well price is obviously drawing to the upside Where is it likely to go up into a premium?
Because if this is a bearish range, I'm going to expect price to move up and kind of teeter-totter its way up there and engineer liquidity so it can come up here, fill those orders, and then take out all these highs.
And then I'll watch the lower timeframes for a sign of reversal. Like for instance, if I'm on a daily chart, I would use a one hour to kind of like look for my reversal pattern. And that tells me the price is drawing lower. Now, where is that drawing now? Well, since we're in a bearish range and assuming there's not a bunch of imbalances or order blocks or equal highs up here, and we've cleaned out most of the internal liquidity, then we're going to look for the low. And you want to take partials, of course, but like really you search for the low because you're trading pro.
Trend then our price is gonna move from external liquidity to internal liquidity at a fair market value back down to external liquidity That's how that's the way I build my bias. So if I'm looking at Solana here with that in mind
I'm looking at it like, okay, well, price just made a very big impulsive move down. You know, I'm not going to save yet here because like I said, we haven't formed that swing low. Like we have one candle with a higher low. If we close here, then have another candle with a higher low than down here, which, you know, unless we're just dumping, we will. Then I would say, okay, well, price is probably reaching up higher. Why is it reaching up higher? Because it's bearish. Well, it's going to mitigate orders. Whereas the first place there's orders, fair value gap, and a premium. That's that simple.
And also, you know, we've taken a lot of liquidity here, so you would expect some kind of reaction there. And the reason I was saying that this chart is really not the cleanest is because when I look at the weekly, like it doesn't make sense to me other than the fact that this is just moving with Bitcoin.
So there's not really any things on a high time frame, no order blocks, no imbalances, no liquidity voids that it's even touched, which it just kind of is part of the game with crypto. Like you're on Bitcoin's time, right? It doesn't matter if price has reached where you wanted it to reach with alts. A lot of times, especially if it's a key moment where Bitcoin's at, go ahead and kiss your idea goodbye if it doesn't agree with Bitcoin.
Yeah, an imbalance is another name for a fair value gap, the way I use that. People use a lot of different terms. That's what I'm referring to, is a fair value gap. ENS strong. We actually talked about this on stream. I wonder what it did. Why do I have the red on? I'm honestly surprised that it went right down to this imbalance, under this order block right here. I think that's what we had drawn. I can't remember if I had an alert somewhere, I thought. Yeah, hold on.
Overall, we were talking about this looks pretty bullish on the weekly. With this example, we see price, we have this bearish range, we have an order block, and then we also have an imbalance in a premium. Well, actually, neither of them are in a premium, the more I look at it, but we have this order block and this...
imbalance here. And you see price came up to them, reacted to them, but not much there. So when I'm just looking at a weekly chart and we come down and we have that market structural shift, we take a high with displacement, leaving a fair value gap, return, and then we're showing more displacement. That tells me this is drawing up higher. The only thing I see it drawing to is this high. So when we're talking about a range, if you notice, there's not a bunch of like, all the crazy moves were down here. So that could have just been manipulation.
Right, I don't see on a weekly chart where there's gonna be orders remaining. Maybe on a daily there's something up here, right? And even then I really don't see a clear area that I would want to short from. So that's whenever I start to think, okay, maybe there's something more coming into play and we're maybe drawing towards that high. And that's kind of what it looks like. Right, I said yes, but not always this low could be in. Yeah, for sure. Nothing is always, nothing at all is always. But I think your logic you said is the...
It was the low that already took the monthly low. Yeah, so a lot of sell sides have been taken. I can see what you're saying. But until I have like a, the way that I look at it is until I have price action confirming that, so to speak, then I wouldn't bet on that, if you know what I mean.
That's why it's really just important. You get a framework, but then you got to confirm it with your lower timeframes. For instance, if you're on a daily, you need to still reference the one hour chart. Because for instance, we have this fair value gap here. Does that mean just we've refined a daily chart, I'm going to short it all the way? No, definitely not. If we don't get price action here that tells me we want to drag or draw lower, then there's no opportunity. And even if it does, you don't just only target that low because you could be wrong.
Yeah, you're gonna target any areas along the way that are good partial points. Yeah, I don't think we'll see anything until after lunch. Like we were saying earlier, whenever we started to get that move to the downside, it did move back up in this fair value gap and give a nice little move down, but usually those moves aren't the best whenever they're during the lunch hour. I want somebody to ask about QNT and what's up, Anonymous? Look, QNT, the last time I looked, this shit was strong, like super strong.
Higher timeframes. Yes. Oh my god Like what is going on with this fucking coin? I wanted to come down here. I did not happen so we can see It's like literal god coin the bolt in the bear market. I mean, it's an ugly looking order block, but It's crazy. It's like I think nobody's talking about this either This is like a bull run looking ass chart. It's crazy. I know the fundamentals of QNT are pretty strong
I wonder what is causing this. Because look at that reaction at the imbalance. That just tells you it's going. It's going to move higher. I don't think there are any futures on this coin either. I said ENS check one hour time frame. Sure. Well, let me finish QNT. Kind of ADD for a second. But overall, I mean, you're drawing higher in my opinion. That reaction at that fair value gap. We have this little impulse move right here. What's up?
What's up, buddy? Not shit. Just chilling, chilling. Let's see how we came into this fair value gap at a discount. I mean, you have that kind of wick and that kind of reaction that tells me that the external is being sought after. So to close out QNT, I mean...
this high and then really past that like 173 holy shit that's another like 16 jump shit's been moving crazy it just looks normal because of how volatile chart is railing yeah yeah definitely made a crazy move yeah that's fucking made a crazy move the bitcoin today i meant to single or signal my second re-entry but i fucking i was out uh getting breakfast with my mom not true
I think, uh, I think Nas, yeah, Nas did fucking, Nas did it, it took the weekly low that I was talking about. Oh yeah, it took every low. It took the weekly, it just, it just kind of lick grabbed the weekly low. Yeah. Ooh. That's nasty. Yeah, everything just straight, um, oops. Yeah, pull up the weekly chart, dude, it looks, the fucking wick is insane right now.
Wow, dude, I wish I was home to trade this I only only take a Bitcoin long She was crazy. I know do the 10 lot on Nas would have would be making me more than Bitcoin right now May up your slots. I think right Would you say didn't they change the lot sizes? Oh, yeah, it'd be a sorry be a hundred lot now. Oh My god, this thing moved five hundred and seventy six points that quickly
Bro, that would have been 57k. If you had just taken it to the high right before CPI, that alone is what's it called? It's like a 450 point move. That would have been 45Gs in less than an hour. That's fucking crazy. Yeah, that would have been wild. But you can't look at it like that because you didn't know.
Well, I have, I actually, my TA on NAS is, I have it coming all the way up to 14,000 now to take out the August high, the August weekly high. Yeah, that'd be crazy. We talked about that possibly a little bit. There's a monthly order block. I think it's, yeah, it's right this way, right at 14K. But I mean.
I personally don't see any inclination of that yet. I think it's speculatory. It's possible, but personally, I just don't see the... Here, look in stock chat. I'm going to... What's it called? I'm going to send my TA to you. Got you. So I can tell you my analysis on and why I think we might do that. I just added you. That would be the ultimate...
Ultimate short squeeze right there. I don't think it's far off, but I would have to see more to think that was going to happen. Yeah, keep scrolling down and look at the little Twitter thing that I posted because someone else in Playbit posted that, and that's exactly why I think we might short squeeze before a massive dump. Where is it? Oh, this.
the october yeah the way it was on october 10th wait this shit it's like a twitter thing no no no no uh below that if you go to where i added you and then just read kind of read the conversation i had with guh oh hold on i clicked the one that it was replying to where is it oh this right here uh no it's uh it's like the actual twitter post i know and you'll see oh i see it now i said now oh i've seen this shit yeah
yeah how many shorts would get liquidated exactly yeah i would provide like the best liquidity for smart money to fucking enter yeah but at the same time though with this much volume i would almost anticipate some of that is smart money yeah you don't know if those are closed or not but just when it's that much volume you know what i mean it's like jesus no yeah no you're completely right
I think that the elections could bring some crazy shit. So like, like I said, it's not far off. I'm not like, I could see some crazy shit just because, um, that month, the order block that never got tapped where it did get tapped on, uh, ES and then YM. Um, so that, that's weird that that happened and you could see some kind of wild shit, but again, I'm just, it's possibilities. Just all speculation. Like for instance, if we had like,
I really, like, where I would look. Goddamn, look how much better YM looks than anything else. No. Big, strong. But, um, let's see the Dow's price action this morning. I thought it was clean as fuck. I won't even lie. Boom. Could have created the order block worth of free value gap. Off to the fucking moon. Somebody said, um...
XRP, are they? Oh, Vance asked, he said, is that JL talking? He's in my YouTube stream. HBAR. Oops. XRP mooning too? I'm sure everything is. Oh, no, it's not. Well, it might be. It's kind of mooning. I mean, HBAR's, this daily chart don't look bad. Nice little 9% so far.
I mean, dude, the weekly chart on HBAR looks like this shit wants to – if it can show desire, it hasn't really shown a shift with displacement. But, like, let's say we get one super fat bullish week where we get, like, we take a high and leave a fair value gap. I would literally look for this shit to start buying. But it's not there yet. Let's have Playboy dump a few bags into it. The HBAR? Yeah. I think he went 25%. I mean, I see. It looks good.
like it genuinely does look good like we came out under all these lows the weekly impulse move has nowhere been nearly been mitigated i mean not even like been touched and then um we're kind of just consolidating down here but i would want displacement breaks the structure before i would consider like being very confident that it's going to start to move all the way up here it could do it could pull an xrp on the weekly right
Like Phil which we got stopped out on I'll show you guys a lot. Oops I deleted the actual trade thing after I signal that it got what we lost but it was Trade was stop loss was over here at this low We only put half the position into it. So it was a minus half of whatever your risk is if it was half a percent or half of that but Overall here. I mean I liked this shift that we had
So we had this nice, we came up and took these little highs. Now, I mean, I get it. They're not really major highs, but still, I mean, the system is that the way that I try to use it is if we take a high and leave a fair value gap, you know, look for if price starts consolidating there, it's likely to draw up higher into a premium. Again, I mean, this kind of just got fucked with this fair value gap. Seems like it was the...
deterrent of that narrative. But I still look at this in a bullish sense.
This hasn't, we haven't mitigated any of this. And now if we take this external liquidity, like we just did, and then on top of that, if we start to reverse again on the weekly, I will look to build into it, but it's not. As with most stuff, it's starting to look really good as far as alts go, like the potential framework, but there's no confirmation. Just like what you're saying earlier, you have to have confirmation that your narrative is right. So you build your framework and then use.
Highs and lows to kind of confirm it Bitcoin the daily So that that wick likely gets filled I just want this I mean really with Bitcoin I'm like I said I'm just waiting for one of two things and that's gonna be price to return to this fair value gap up here or price to return to this low and I'll reassess it but I just don't really see a reason to trade it over indices right now
Because everything gave, I mean, obviously this morning gave a crazy opportunity for sure, but so did everything else. And if you ask me, you tell me which one he thinks cleaner. Check out sand. This is another really good looking long term chart. If it can start to show. To me, I would really look at like this whole range right here. Now, because we came down and we took out.
this on that wick so pricey some consolidation um but you see i have all these little highs this little consolidation right above or right under that equilibrium and a clean high there i could see that as um potential for price to when i start pushing it but again it's got a while before that
VIX, like the volatility index. Yeah. I don't really, I don't pay attention to it too much. I don't, the only barometer I like using it along with the chart is like inverse is DXY. Try to keep it a little simple.
My view on partially filled fair value gaps mitigated and move the next one are still valid for rest to be filled. I keep an eye on them, but if they've already been mitigated past equilibrium, like for instance, if you take a fib like this, and I were to do this right here and draw a fib, if price had dug up into it like all the way up here.
You know and then left sliver I wouldn't pay attention to it as much as if it just barely tapped into it and then moved away Can we say mana daily lick has been taken? Yeah, I actually had this drawn for whatever reason. This is oh, actually this looks really good This is this weekly low down here, too I'm actually just gonna put this on here along with a couple other charts just because I want to keep an eye on them. What was the other AXS?
But now that we've came down, we've taken a lot of liquidity, we can start to frame the idea that we might want to retrace. Phil took it. XS definitely took it. I'm just going to redo all this. See, this is a good example. I would still pay attention to this gap. That right there, I would still watch that. Oh yeah, PLTrade VIX alone. A lot of people use it as a barometer as well. I'm going to make a barrier. I don't like having them here, but if I don't, I'll never look at them if I don't have them on this chart.
Yeah, if we don't reverse here, which I think there's a good chance we start moving back up in the range, that would be ideal. Because if we look at the weekly, you don't really draw this whole range. We already took the, we came down, kind of formed a low, and then took that low. Somebody was actually referring to that earlier in here. But I could see that, you know, this may be being a...
sign that we want to move up into the range. Now, what will confirm that for me is just a market structure shift. So it might take some time, you know, who knows, we could come up, let's just say price comes up, kind of retraces and then blasts about these lines are ugly. Why is it drawing like that?
Like zoomed out or zoomed in it does that we'll just say we come up here kind of move down and Then shift like that that's gonna show me that I'm you know based off this weekly range or we haven't moved into a premium Then in the lower time frame which is the daily in that example is shifting market structure That'll tell me that it's showing a desire to move up So that's what I say whenever I or that's what I mean whenever I say it's not confirmed I think speculation is a huge killer in trading
Again, obviously what we do is speculatory. I'm not saying it's not, but you want to make it as mechanical as possible. So my strategy is until I see a market structure shift on the lower timeframe, then I don't look for that narrative to be fulfilled. So if I'm using a weekly, I'll look for a daily market structure shift. If I'm using a daily, I'll look at a one hour market structure shift. If I'm using a one hour, I'll look at a five minute. If I'm using a 50 minute, I'll use a one minute and so forth.
Well, on that note, there's no more questions. Probably going to hop off here. For everybody that's in the Discord, we're going to have the private class later today. Apologies that I couldn't do it yesterday. I had something come up last minute that I really couldn't put off. So we are going to get it done today. If you're not in the Discord, there's a link in the description. You can sign up, use my code. It's CASPER, all caps, and you get a free trial. So you could be in the class today if you want.
Yeah, I would wait for maybe a little consolidation in the afternoon here. Some kind of liquidity we take on a five minute, whether that's down or up. If like, let's say we get something like this, kind of a boring little move and then a flush down maybe into this imbalance here.
or just really anywhere below the lows, and then you start to see that market structure shift in the low timeframes, you could go look to go long and target maybe this high or this imbalance. Now, if we rate up into the imbalance, then we might see a...
a little move to the downside. And it's ironically enough, our class today is on trading indices in the afternoon and kind of my strategy applied to the, it's the same model that we use in the mornings, but there's a little bit more to it as far as bias and how far you want to take it and how you kind of infer what the day is telling you if the daily move is going to be reversal or continuation.
Oh, Phil, 15 minutes. He said don't go yet. Got you. So, 15 minutes looks good. I'm looking here. This is pretty clean. I actually like this a lot. Risk or reward wouldn't be the greatest. Might be good enough. Let's see. I'm not setting a limit. I'm just drawing this, so don't. Yeah, it's not enough for what I want to do. But I can see maybe a drawback down into this gap here.
Maybe even lower, maybe down here, but somewhere if you get a nice reversal, I would look for all these highs to get taken. Because now that one side of liquidity has been taken, now we see the 15 minutes getting that market structure shift. Just like I was saying, I'm looking at that daily liquidity, right? Haven't got a clean area to look at on the one hour. In my opinion, it's a massive gap, but you've still got that shift like that on the one hour. As long as this one hour candle doesn't just massively dump.
then now you have kind of a framework to operate off of. Now you could further your refinement by looking for your low timeframe entry within the zone. However you do that, maybe it's a market maker buy, maybe it's just a choach, whatever, but you can apply your entry. If you get a confirmation here, which for me would be same thing we're seeing, nice displacement, shift in market structure, telling me price is reaching higher and build the narrative around all those equal highs getting taken. And that's based off that daily fare value gap.
And that's just the low hanging fruit. I'm not saying it won't go farther. Who knows? It might not even go there. But whenever you're day trading or intraday, in my experience, my longer term profitability is more consistent whenever I just smack the low hanging fruit. Right. It also makes for a lot easier trading psychology because, you know, you're just in and out. That's why I really like I've been doing this fixed to our.
I haven't really traded much this week, but I like the idea of it because you basically check it. Does the trade have a 2R worth of a move? Is your target past 2R at it? Oh, okay. You can take it. Even if it's way farther than it, you just take it at 2R. I will say there was a couple of trades here. I'll show them to you that I kind of got left behind on. I don't know if I hit them or not because they're drawing too much.
I think it was right. Yeah, it was right here. It's a couple of times where I got in the cell, a little 2R. I mean, it went way farther, right? It kind of like, damn, I could have taken it to the low. But a lot of times when I don't just take profits pretty quickly, you'll end up trimming maybe along the way. You might trim three or four times and then it's better. You're just taking it 2R by the time all the trims are accounted for or it doesn't go to a teepee, comes back, stops or break even.
I think that if you can be very consistent with a high win rate with 2R, I think it could be a very profitable tool. And it makes your time. You don't have to spend a ton of time on the charts.
But yeah, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I really appreciate you all coming through. We had a lot of people in here today. If you could just like the video, comment, it really helps me out a lot. And also I'm actually about to put out a video here in like literally five minutes after I get the video off of the stream. It'll be on the power of three. It's a little short video and then I'll be releasing the full video later. So watch that. Hopefully it helps. I've been trying to make some more direct content where it's more of a how-to then.
you know, an hour long stream that you kind of got to fish back through. But anyways, I will see you all tomorrow. Anybody that's in the discord, I'll see you tonight at 5 p.m. Eastern. Peace.
