What's good? That shit played out exactly how I anticipated it from the fractal I posted last night. I'm just fucking kicking myself for not staying up and playing that. But I think we'll still be able to catch some moves up the retracement. It's weird. This price action is so just choppy. I'm not going to lie. All the wicks and everything make for not the greatest. It's not really easy to plot some of the demand here.
It's, um, shit as loud as fuck. Sorry, JC, I had to mute you. Um, so we can, um, originally I had this part over here, but now I say this is bigger, the bigger POI.
This resulted in, I guess you could say an actual major BOS. I don't know, because at this point, I wouldn't really consider this a swing high at all. But in the end, we did see a break of structure from this rally right here. It's rally-based rally. So that's going to be a big demand zone. That's another thing. For instance, whenever you see... Let's find another one.
I'm not going to waste time trying to snipe one out. But when you come down to one of these higher time frame POIs, that in itself is enough confluence to look for longs. We also came under this recent low right here. So price is going to do one of two things. Once we're under here, we're going to either continually move to the downside, which would have been pretty bearish.
First off, one thing I do want to say, too, because I've been getting a lot of DMs about, like, choches and what's the difference between a choch and a breakup structure and this and that. And to be honest with you, it's pretty confusing to learn. But the way I like to explain it is in order for a choch to occur, you have to have a normal breakup structure. So, like, for instance, let me just draw this for you guys. So if you have, like, a...
normal market structure. We're just making higher lows and higher highs. In order for a church to happen, you have to have this right here. This is where a lot of people I see keep confusing it. You have to have that higher high as normal. We made a new high, but we also made a new low. This sounds simpler than it is, but it's really easy to mess up.
So for instance, let's look at this with price. So I'm actually going to hide quite a bit of stuff because this is too much. Let's use this. So we're looking at ETH here. Well, we had our normal. You're kind of making lower lows, right? Now you made a lower low like normal. What would you do after that? Here was your charge. Like on the one hour, this was the true change of character.
because you broke market structure and well I shouldn't say it's structure because it confuses people because a BOS like for instance this is a BOS here to go back so drawn this a little differently here not gonna get redraw that this would have been a low and a high too but BOS's are just normal breaks of structure it happens pretty routine
But the difference between Chojin and BOS is it's moving in the opposite direction. So how do we play it the correct way? I've been backtesting, and there's quite a few different ways people...
approach these the most common way is um they just wait for the first choch and then from there they just long off the water block that sponsored it so for instance you know if here is your change of character i wish i could turn the discord net sound off for people joining it's so annoying um
So here's your choice right here, and even then you could really say that this some people they only want candle bodies To play out, but I use Wix for Jojas personally, especially with crypto So it's not seeing these
It's YouTube comments. What's up, guys? Now, the key to playing these choches, right? What is our choche right here? On the one hour. I always recommend starting at the one hour. It just gives you much higher probability. Now, you can do it on the 15-minute. You can do it on the one-minute or the five-minute, but they're a little bit more difficult to play. And also, people have trouble understanding swing highs and swing lows. I was saying something in the chat earlier. I was even watching that video.
And it's like, people are so fucking just far off from the most simplest things and they're easily overthought. So for instance, like when you have, here's your swing low, you've made a new high, right? So until one of these is broken, like for instance, this isn't a swing low and this isn't a swing high. They're within your range. You haven't made any new lows or new highs. So until you come down here, oh, new low, now you've made a new high.
This isn't a swing low. This isn't a swing high. This is where people really get confused whenever they're trying to learn some of these concepts. So here's your new low. Here's your new high. So after that, what is this? Nothing. All this is just noise. Then we have a new low down here. So this is where we really broke structure. So then after that, you made a low. You made a high. You made a new low. But then what? You came up.
You could say right here is your first high, depending on how you look at it. And that's why this choppy price action is, and this is in the 15 minutes. This is where it gets tricky. So this really would be your new high. So you made a new low, made a new high. And it gets confusing because people say, oh, you didn't break this high. How is it a high? But you did break this low. So you're sending it to a new range.
So you've established now a low for this range and a high. And none of these are lows because you didn't clear out this low. You haven't cleared out any structure. But here, and this is where I got the original play from. So here you have your 15-minute change of character right there.
Oh, now where are we going to play off of if we're looking to play this? So if we're saying, we can delete this for right now. We're going to say this is our change of character. And say we're aiming to just play off the first order block. Because sure, we could play off confirmation. And it's a shame, those plays kind of got missed earlier. So for instance, right here. So here's your choch. Here's your swing high made after the choch.
And then right after that, you push through it. But like I said, you can use with it. Either way, it would have been the same candle. You usually look for the institutional candle that's sponsored and move to the uptide, which in this case would have been right here. And you would have had a really nice play right there. It's a shame that...
Was not watching when this occurred so it's to use the style use the top of that body of the candle I'm a lot of people teach you to use the bot the bottom side body of that candle
Personally, I just use recent lows, but I'm going to start backtesting a little bit because, you know, that is a pretty big difference in your risk to reward. Because you could use this plus out of 20 pip grace period, which I would use about 20 cents, 20 to 30 cents. So I would have done 28.54.9 stop loss, just take out like 30 cents. And you would have targeted, since you're using,
We're on the one hour, or I'm sorry, we're on the 15 minute. We can scale back out to the one hour, and you can look for another area of supply or demand to the upside. Maybe the one that caused the last choch. So let's go back and look. For instance, you have, here's a new low, and here's the last choch. This is how that played out. Same thing. So we had a low, a high. This isn't a low.
Got a new high, new low, no new highs, but we cleared out to the downside. So there's your change of character or break of structure. Stream's lagging. Oh, it's probably because I have my VPN on. Hold on. Let me know if it is. Is the stream better now? Yes, no, maybe so. It's good, bet. Oh, yeah. Or is it, you said it is? Hold on, somebody said fix it. What did you say? Did you say I was still lagging? Okay, everybody says it's better.
Okay, so, oh yeah, back here. I can't remember where I was at. So, okay, yeah, I remember now. Back here when we had this change of character, for instance, at a low, a new high, and you really made a new swing high, this is still your low, hadn't created a new low. So you came down, you had this break of structure to the downside, and then what? Right after, you had a break of structure to the upside.
You can really say this was really your break of structure to the upside. And this is a great example of why you don't take every single trade. For instance, if you would have played limits here, we'll say this is where you played them.
First of all you would have probably got close to getting stopped out on that if you use this new strategy And this is why I don't really like using the bottom of the candle As as the stop like the the body you would have got stopped here I mean in all honesty it wouldn't have made much of a difference you're gonna get stopped regardless, but why didn't this work well because for one
you're taking a lower probability trade by buying above fair market value and On top of that you had huge liquidity zones down below got a lot of demand that was not tapped and not mitigated So back to where we're at now
I'm actually looking for possible shorts if we can reverse here. There'll be some lottos for sure, but I'd need pretty good confirmation in order to trade. But here, we would have taken these trades if we had got them earlier, and you'd be using your internal range liquidity. Remember, we're trading within a range here, and you would have been able to target. A modest target would have been these highs right here.
And you can see that would have been a seven to one trade. No drawdown at all. Very easy money. But it is what it is. Didn't get caught. And now we can kind of look around and maybe try to find another entry. Delete all this shit. So if we go back down to this 15 minute, you could look at it like here's a low. Here's our high up here. Oops. And then we cleared out. Sorry.
Oh, that'd be a change of character and this is where I got those original trade I'd put up earlier Just done that earlier. So this is where I got that trade set up earlier. Let's just give you like a little breakdown of exactly How I found that now price has moved far far away from this so in all honesty
I'm considering canceling these. I haven't really made that decision yet. Regardless, I will set an alarm to see how we react to these levels. For now, I don't really see a reason to cancel it. If we backtest on Bitcoin and some other...
similar setups usually we'll see a nice reaction to these levels but I will say usually it's it's quicker so that's why I kind of wanted to look into it and see you know what could have done been done differently and looking at it more and more I almost that's why the one-hour church was it would have worked better here really you would have got in here's you're using that high
And then it's pretty, I mean, that would have been within an hour. Very easy entry. But it's so choppy. And this is why it's hard to learn this because people look at this and it's just Wix. But I see it, though. I definitely see it. That would have been the entry right there. So we do still have demand at these levels. So they still are valid entry points. But it's...
it's conflicting because you have had this mitigation of this zone up here, but you haven't came down and touched these demand zones yet. So I'm still waiting on these. I want to take a look at mana because I had a similar thing. I was doing some charting up before I get on here. You have the same thing. You have this low I.
Lower lobe that immediately sprung up and cleared out this high and this I like this better Because but then if you can't really say this was the entry because this hadn't happened yet So this is really still a valid demand zone If we go back in I think it was the five minute where I had found the original entry so I expected this to hit a lot sooner, but You know you went we went all the way down here and found this last candle
I'm interested to see how this plays out because I think both of Entries would be valid and what I'm going to do is I'm going to set an alarm for the top zone I'm going to Send it to the back Because mana we have mana it came into this Not only was it a demands and I think this was found on the four hour back here Yeah, the one hour Yeah, I think it was just this general range back over here. I'm gonna actually clean this up. What's up?
Sure. I knew it. Only another 18,000% to go. See here? I mean, let's see exactly where we pivoted here. Reversal on that is why I took entry. It's pretty close to equilibrium, this candle right here, which was really our last down candle. This is why I would even have looked at this more, but this was really the last down candle.
With a bunch of, well actually no. I thought this was one of these. It's odd how he bounced there. Nonetheless, nice type 1 reaction on this bat. If we look at equilibrium here, I want to say it's the same as, I know that was actually me drawing a line for equilibrium. Hmm.
You see here, if you backtest a lot of this stuff, it's almost like playing a ping pong on just higher time frame levels. It becomes very simple. And you just wait for that change of trend, that reversal. And this is why reversals are tricky because a lot of people get...
I swear it's the swing highs and lows. Like everybody that I mentor, that's like the biggest problem. And it's just like a great example of how bad people overthink with trading. But it's hard to overcome once you have made like a bad habit. So here you would have had, yeah, here has been your low after this.
Because you broke this high. So this is where, actually you could have said this, and then this, and then this up here, and then you're low, and then you broke a new high, and then you made a new low. It's all about breaking structure. You have to break these levels in order for it to, this actually would have been one too, because this.
But in order to get the best levels, and then you see on the one hour, we finally had a change of character because we were making higher lows. And then we finally had this change of character. And when you really look, a lot of people have said this was the order block. Well, they got left behind. This is why it's harder to trade some of this stuff with crypto because...
It's just so wicky. With alts, really. I mean, you would have technically played this candle right here. Oops. You can see how that went. Very nice trade right there. Probably came back and scared people out at entry, but if you took that trade, and that's just off the choch, not even a confirmation. A confirmation would be there. You would have had, really, let's see. Let's still use this candle.
This is where you and let you look at that. It's right around equilibrium of that harmonic structure we have. So this is where I look for. I want to change my settings for this. I like the dashed lines.
And this is why it's important to really kind of dissect price and find just different confuences to different levels. I guess really this could have been your 4-hour as well. It's harder to find these in the 4-hour. I found it with crypto. It doesn't hang around long enough for you to even get in any trades. But if you wait on the high timeframes and you get that change of character, I found backtesting, I mean, oftentimes the best entry is actually off of the first change of character.
now it's better to use this confirmation method for low time frames but once you have that one hour change of character it's not a bad idea to play the order block that sponsored it but people get confused on which one that would have been really could have been either this massive candle equilibrium i would have looked like that but you got left behind so now that we've came all the way back down to here let's go back to that four hour
Because if you look on the five minute, okay, now I made a new low. Just tricky with some of these alts. It's almost better to use some of these strategies on larger cap coins. Not even really just larger caps, but majors like Bitcoin, Ethereum, mainly just those two. Because it's odd how price reacts to some of these levels. Because here we had the break structure, the downside. You can say, oops.
so and then if you're on the five minute i mean we came down here made a low made a new high you made a new high right there so that would be your second i mean that would have been your first um change of character i guess if you will that's why i don't like really getting into these lower time frames and kind of forcing it because you know technically this is a new swing high but um you will see with mana i'm gonna have these alerts set for that top um
the one hour order block because I've found that price seems to like just barely tapping into those one hour order blocks and then you get that five minute confirmation there. So it's better to go, you know, find your levels on the daily, the four hour, wait for a one hour change of character, play either just that order block or wait for price to return into that order block or demand zone and then wait for a 15 minute confirmation.
it's much cleaner on 4x i'll give you a good example of these on 4x this is why i almost want to start trading 4x more but um it's just so easy like you had your change of character this first order block i mean you had a very tight stop loss there a hundred bit move 100 i think it was actually 113 yeah very easy money right there so 20 to one and all you did was just target some lows back on the daily they're back here yeah
You would have been trimming along the way, of course. Even if you took it all right here, this low, and it's still 14 to 1. Those are the kind of trades that are going to make you money. Regardless of the percent moves or the PIP moves, it just matters on your risk to reward. Because the smaller that stop loss, as long as it makes sense, the heavier you're going to be able to go in these trades. Let's go to Bitcoin. Bitcoin setup is actually pretty clean.
So here, backtesting, when I took that fractal that I posted, this is where it was from. So we had a stop run. Let me turn the sessions on so you guys can see. A stop run going into London Open, just very normal. That's usually what's happening if we're not expanding. We came out, and this is why it's weird because on the five minute here, we had our lower high.
Lower high Finally made a higher high off that second. Um, I mean this higher higher and off the second higher high that confirmation you just played this order block right here and I mean it was Free money just gone, but we didn't have that here. We had a much more. I mean the pump was just insane it I didn't expect it to move that quickly
You never really came down and mitigated anything. If you look at that structure before, we just had, you know, we made that higher high, cleared out that second one, and came down and mitigated. This just never, it even left a huge fair value gap.
So that's why I think we'll come back down to these levels and see a nice reaction But at the same time when price moves this violently away It's kind of like mmm, you know, do you want to play it or not? But I'm gonna have some alarm set for everything I Don't want to just set a bunch of limits and forget about them really with just because we have moved so far away Actually, I think I put a line here already and made it white hold on
Maybe not. They need to add a feature to set alerts on the rectangle tool. Look over here. So we had, just trying to really dissect price back here. So we had this high or low. High, low. So really, you had this same setup across the market. This is why we shorted Luna up here at these levels.
These double stop runs. And then you have the break of structure from this stop run. So we had so high or low. Let's say low. And here really kind of was your first change of character. Stops got ran. The early shorts were clapped. And then we came down and really got our break of structure there. So.
exactly how to trade that it's just this is the thing about crypto lately is the price action is so sloppy like there's no clear area to trade except this area up high so at this point i would go into the 15 minute look for and here you go another another example of a london stop run there's another one right here right push up london stop run
I think same thing. So you can start to use these time zones or these market sessions as added confluence. Like if you look last time when I said that, I was pretty confident we are going to make a move to the upside. And while you can't really enter just based off that with a rational trading plan because you have no stop loss, if I would have wanted to wait and stay up, I may have been able to catch some of those moves.
but Regardless you can still use these sessions for extra confluence in this situation. So we have a higher low low So you could say on the 50 minute there was your change of character and you can see you immediately got Enter to trade right there immediately very nice setup
And this is how you're going to be able to get those high R trades that you're going to actually be able to profit off of nicely. So your trading should look like this. Stop us just above. I would have done the low right here or the high. You know, some people would set this, but you get very good risk to reward. And then you could have targeted that low right there.
But going back into why I looked hold on you said why I'm going into this area up here is try to find You know if this was our church on the on the one hour Then where exactly did we? Manage to leave an order book and if you look up here, you know, you can't really use this I mean, I guess you could but it's just You know, what do you do just?
the body i mean it's not much of a zone so i'm kind of interested we leave equal highs here no doesn't look like it nope cleared him out let's say there's still gonna be a lot of liquidity liquidity resting above here also somebody said so much shorting crv i don't know if you're in here but i've been thinking about it too he's not in here i'm not entering just yet i'm watching for kava as well
I think 4,800 is a weird level for big ones right where we're wicked off over here. We'll probably see some consolidation through the night, but wouldn't be surprised to see early shorts get stopped out at the London move and then maybe see some moves to the downside of New York session tomorrow. And so this is what I was saying. When you're looking at Choches, you want to see this form of action. So we have this down.
You clear that low, but then also clear this high. That's where your touch is. It's not necessarily, you know, oh, here, and then, because we never really made a new low. This is why it's an odd. We came down and we made a high, new low.
Yeah, we made a new high at a higher high, but you never had this This low get cleared. So it was not really a change of character. This was the change of character That's what makes me almost kind of weary to leave limits because if you look That would really have been your entry right here You could have used this bigger candle if you wanted peep fill daily Clear it all up. I'm not sure what you see on the daily. We're trying to see if I can
up there and see there you go this would have been a perfect entry or a change of character a little more i look at it this would probably just really been a break of structure right here i think so or i don't know if he just left or what i saw him in here and i was like oh is he streaming and then i was like well i gotta stream so no i haven't even looked
Yeah, I won't even touch this till I see more discovery. This is something like you'd be, in my opinion, smarter to just buy equity than even trade futures because there's no like right way to even and the way I'd trade to even really fuck with this. Like wear her hat. And I would probably never really short this. Ballsy. I used to have so much shit on my chart. I cannot stand having so much stuff on my chart now. Yeah, then even looking...
At the high time frame range on Bitcoin, we're really just returning to equilibrium right here Right at this order buck the form of some supply So I'll possibly look for some shorts depending on How the market reacts to this level because I think ETH is around a similar level
Sitting in supply and it's running these stops, but we're making higher highs. That's the thing So that's why I'm hesitant, but they could be just a liquidity because when you see A high like oh, yeah, we've made a higher high, but then what happened, you know, we're just it's not very strong So that could be just a little supply raid. That's why Right here I'd be waiting for us to get this lower low. I'd be looking to short from there
Because we are. And here's another thing that I want to stress. This doesn't work. You don't just try to use this strategy unless you're at a high time frame zone. Because if you just try to use this over and over again, you're going to get left in the dirt a lot of the time and be wondering what you're doing wrong and probably give up on it. But in all honesty, you just got to make sure you're using that high time frame bias in order to.
get a good trade so high time frame for the levels 15 minute out of the one hour for the entries
And you can try, if you really want to refine your rate, just one hour change of character, then a 15 minute, then a five minute. But I'll just tell you, you're going to miss out on a shitload of trades like that. And I'm all for it. You guys have heard me preach all the time. Don't hesitate to not trade a bunch, but at the same time, don't be scared to trade because you're waiting for too long. I'm going to set a alarm for this. About what? Who knows?
I'm about to start pulling out MetaTrader again, bro, and get on some Forex. Scarves you down? Look at this, Scarves. I don't know if you're in here. Look at this right here. This is a clean little snipe. It's right here. Clean. Honestly, this Forex, the way it trades is so much more satisfying than Crypto, I won't even lie. It's so much cleaner. You might be looking for some nasty shorts here soon.
i don't know honestly this looks pretty good yeah no it doesn't it doesn't i don't care at all no it doesn't bother me no one on youtube can hear you guys talk or no i'm actually not recording you guys no so that's why i said can't hop and stream damn one oh yeah
honestly this looks like you could get some nasty shorts bro i mean you'd need more confirmation i'm actually going to set alarms for this thing you're telling me to look at this you might lose it all in the commissions and just be gone be like every year gas fee if you put underneath honestly this looks fire though you could even probably long to sell here so we've already moved to equilibrium for this tokyo session under it so we have
Yeah, this would actually be a really good setup. Because you could even, like, try to be ballsy and swing this. Like, say if you could get... Because you really got your... Here. No, you haven't got it one hour yet, actually. You might get an early long right there. If you could get that, this change of character, probably with a little change of character. So, like, for instance...
Okay, so I looked in the monthly. I'm looking at it like we're at supply. So if I'm at supply and I'm also in premium of this current trading range we're in, heavy in premium, I'm going to look for sales more than anything. So then I went in the weekly. Not really too much you can see here in all honesty, but then you go to daily and you look.
On the four hour actually so you have Here your swing so you have your low over here. I guess you don't even consider that right, but here's your new high You put in a new low your high Actually, I would go ahead these all out just for lack of noise This would actually change this up a little bit Just get all the shit off my screen, so maybe you would actually want to look for
Yeah, this would be your church more like that right there We just hit it. Then here's your stop run This looks way better I'd almost want to close under this though And as soon as you got like a nice like can't because with four exits with higher timeframes, I'd want like a a candle close on a four hour better You'd almost look for longs here without that because it could just be a demand raid
Then I would actually, so now that we're getting deeper into this, so low, I mean high, low, high, low, low. I'm actually going to play this. I'll literally text you Scarves if I play this. Because if we could get a nice, looks like in the 15 or 5 minutes already going down as well. What? Oh, it's a future. It's a fucking indicator.
Yeah, it's fire people got stop ran right here though. Maybe that means we need this Yeah, it's fire bro. I'm sorry for you guys who don't like forex kind of turn the forex stream, but it's the same thing ta ta Got liquidity here and that fair value gap. That's gonna be way better See with this like that's the thing about these like if you if you were to hold this like you would really be like out majorly right here, but you could literally swing this like crazy, bro
You can even depending if you like a change of character here you could let I just hold into until you saw a shift and strand trend Just long that bitch all up to there. That'd be ridiculous Was that a 55 to 1? Yeah, no, I would never hold it all like that, but As of now bitcoins are still up trending now. We need to move sideways for a little bit
I'm so sick, bro. Ethereum is looking weaker, in my opinion. But god damn, bro. I was literally fucking talking about that shit last night. I even told my girl, I was like, I honestly maybe should stay up for London session. I know that sounds crazy, but I might. And then I got tired and was like, oh, it's fine. And I just woke up and I was like, dude. Because I would have literally, as soon as we put in this high or low, I would have YOLO'd a little trade right there.
As soon as that happens, it stops under here. But really, there wasn't a sound entry until up here, and I was actually awake during this. That's kind of on me. I'll just do another stuff. Like, for instance, Scar, you still watch my screen? So, like...
So we had like a low, a high. I'm sorry. So here you're just like in a consistent downtrend. You're like making lower highs. And then finally you did, you know, lower highs and lower lows. And you did just that here. You made lower high, low, lower high, lower low. But then you can't have made a higher high.
And it's choppy. This is why I like the, if you use like a candle close for some of this stuff, or just like at least a candle pushing through it, and it closed like a low timeframe. So like here, you got that close. Here is your institutional candle, your order block, or the bigger candle out of all of them. And you could literally have set a trade like this.
Stops just under recent lows. You could have even done the body of this candle. I say if you do it correctly, that's how it should work out. And you would have targeted from there. I would have probably went just like right here in all honesty. Swung the rest. But still, you know what I mean? That's just like, that's a ridiculous trade. Or you could even actually have targeted this if you wanted to get ballsy with it. But you would have trimmed at each one.
That would have been fucking nice. I'm like that Pepe meme where he's just crying looking at the green candles. Oh, my bad. Nier, I got you, bro. Kind of just been chilling. I'm not having any really. Nier, I actually have charted out Nier already. So here with Nier, this is actually a little bit cleaner, in my opinion. So in the one hour, let me move some of this. Also change this to my new. Make it lighter.
Next, we came back down. Get out of all this shit. Came back down to equilibrium in demand. Cleared out all these equal lows. You could look for, I mean, there's definitely a reason to look for longs. Form this liquidity pool. Really, we could just use that one hour right there. It's fine. I'll actually probably play this one. 14, 321. If it comes back. Well, on that note, I'm going to hop off here. Right now, I'm really just waiting for...
As signs of a reversal here, we could maybe get some sales to buys. We'll see how these ETH limits go for now. Depending on how price reacts to these levels along the way, I might cancel them. Or if we just get super overextended and really leave no profit targets, then it's just kind of, you know, it's over with. But I don't think we're there just yet.
I will say, though, Ethereum, like I've been saying this for a while, Ethereum doesn't look that bad. Like, it doesn't at all. Bitcoin looks like shit on the daily until it really clears out some lower levels. But I still like Ethereum where we're at. But anyways, guys, I appreciate it as always. If you have any questions, just at me in chat or DM me. Until next time, I'll holler at you.
