It was good. Hilltop, we'll go ahead and un-server mute you. It's weird, because some of you guys, I can see that you're server muted. Faded like Dirk, I'll go ahead and un-mute you too. But I couldn't see that you were muted, Hilltop. Broda un-muted you a time ago. And same with Sina. Now I'm just right-clicking. There's a ton of people that are.
I will server mute back if there's just like background noise. It's nothing personal. Like if I ever server mute you, it's not like I did it to be a dick. It's just because there's like background noise, you know. I mean, nobody wants to hear it. I'll go through and give everyone fair chance. Damn, everybody's fucking server muted. Damn, how is Senpai server muted? I'll go through and give everyone fair chance.
Go ahead and, or my screen is getting shared. Okay, cool. So right now what I'm watching, first off, is Tron for shorts. I'm not going to enter anything yet. I need more confirmation. I'm going to take a look at Bitcoin here in a second too, but I did want to point this out. So with Tron, we're not really up into this.
up all the way into this supply i'm not really too too interested in that just yet you know once we get up in that range you know that's where i'd be watching but really here um we're looking at a swing structure let's oh yeah appreciate you tuning in man let me actually put um if you can guys if you're gonna
Ask stuff about the stream. Do it in the stream chat, like on Discord. Or if you're on YouTube, the comments are fine. Or Twitch, whatever. But if you go on Stock and Crypto Vibes, for those of you who are in the server, you can click open chat. That's where I'm going to be responding the quickest. And I might not respond immediately.
These streams will be a little different than our normal streams, because usually normal streams I pick to do them during a time where it's not really time to trade, so we can really focus on education, but here it's, you know, you guys get it. So really, here with Tron, we came up into this four-hour supply. If you draw the swing we're in right now, let's see, where was it?
Yeah, four hours. So it's bam, bam here, here, here, here. What's going on, Casper? Not much, bro. Not much. So with Tron here, if we were going to short it, we got to remember that overall in the four hours, the swing structure here is still bullish. So it's not to say that you can't short it, but it is to say that you should.
be aggressive and also, I'm sorry, be conservative, be the opposite of aggressive. Sorry about that. But really what I'd be waiting for is a price to return up to one of these zones. And I'm marking both of them because for one, this zone right here, I don't really use OTE as much like optimal trade entry. It's gonna make your six, two to your seven.
7.9 fib, but I'm assuming they're both, this is probably right on the 6.2, this is a little deeper, but they both have displacement in front of them. We've got fair value gaps in the 15 minute in front of both zones. So these are my two points of interest. All right, we can mark it up for alerts, both of these zones.
when price comes into it. And that way, you know, we don't have to sit here and waste our time watching it. It's like watching grass grow. So, I mean, sometimes it's fun to watch and study price action, but when we're in the session, we want to make sure we're putting our attention where we need to have it.
So here with Bitcoin, what I usually do in the mornings, I usually go ahead and just clean up at least my recent stuff, the TA, because I want to be able to get a good perspective where we're at. I'll leave this. So looks like we have some liquidity where it's been being engineered isn't extremely...
clear right now just yet i mean i see some equal highs up here so i'm going to go ahead and throw some uh some lines right around there i want to get the higher one which will be these up here so you know whenever we come into the session it's still only 8 30. you know really the kill zone if you will is between 7 and 9 a.m um for forex like currencies which crypto is a currency so you're going to see um that type of uh
manipulation throughout crypto like you're gonna be able to play those forex sessions but that's not really what we're looking for with this we're looking to play like the rush on indices like that comes in the mornings around 9 30 you'll get an initial pull and then um there's a lot of news that comes out around 10 to 10 30. let's actually see let's go ahead and just peep what's going on today
I had it bookmarked on my Chrome. I need to do it on Brave. It says it's 26. You always want to just scan this. Do you have to watch all of this? Okay, look at that.
So this is why it's important. This should be part of your morning routine whenever you're getting the charts. Take a look at the calendar, see what's going on, especially something like this. This is directly correlated. Even other, yesterday with the FOMC, there's a lot of stuff that you would think may not affect crypto. But you have to remember, all asset classes are synergistic. We're going to see.
There's bonds, we have currencies, stocks, commodities, and you're going to see correlation between all of them according to the global state of the financial world. So here, this morning, looks like we ran some liquidity here. A lot of times, we cleared out all these lows, that trendline liquidity got swept right there.
At this point, what I would do, I'd go in a five minute. And we took out the London low. Let's see. Actually, did we? We might not have. Yeah, we did. It's going to be somewhere way up in here. So usually, and recently it's kind of been getting manipulated. One bias you can kind of lean towards in the morning if we take out those London lows, that it's not really going to be a super, super strong bullish day. That's not always.
Always the case, but just something to keep in mind. But you want to see that London low protected if we're going to see that kind of reaction. We're going to see if we're going to be in a buy day. Also, I like peeping the dollar. Dollar's moving. Also, we've got to kind of change the character in the dollar yesterday.
got another change of character to the bear side on the four hour 15 minute you really haven't switched bear yet in my opinion you could be just kind of showing that you um are pulling back down to whatever demand you had down there you're also i wouldn't really pay this too too much mind it's kind of just out here on online but you are seeing some form of reaction to it
The dollar is at high since 2017. We basically just got a weekly continuation of a bull trend, the dollar. What that means is that we are more in a risk-off market. In other words, people, not really people, but institutions are starting to be a little more hesitant to flood money into investments, whether it's bonds, any asset class.
so you got to keep that in mind too um so you know it sucks but we got to kind of look at it from that bearish perspective and you guys see we take longs and you know whatever in the bear market but now i'm looking at it like okay well we did sweep this liquidity so usually i'd be looking for a stop run opportunity so the one minute this isn't really the kind of price action
I want to see in the one minute. I'm going to scan through two minute. And what I'm looking for here is a reversal. Like you guys call it change of character. And then I'm looking for displacement in that reversal. So here it's choppy. And this is the one thing about Bitcoin that can get frustrating. Because really, did you get what I'd be looking for? Well, you did in a way right here. But you can quickly see that if you played the...
this fair value gap first of all the risk rewards not the greatest but um it's just choppy so now i'm going to take a look at yes and nas just to see what they're doing they're doing the opposite today so this might tell me um we could possibly look for shorts today it doesn't mean we're going to short now
So we just gotta wait. But the reason I said that is you ran these equal highs, also ran this high. Just this whole range ran.
But it's too early. That's another thing too. I don't recommend just diving into trades this early in the morning always. Sometimes you might get a really good setup. If you're playing the kill zone, usually it's going to be before 8.30. But if you're playing with the New York session, just kind of like the morning stock market open, you're going to see a lot of volatility at 9.30 and a lot of volatility between 10 and 10.30. And also you got that digital asset meeting today.
And we'll watch that and see how they're going. But, you know, as you guys know, I mean, they're talking about a U.S. central bank digital currency. So that's going to impact crypto. Yeah, they could say something bad about USDT. There's tons of shit that can go on. So you've got to be mindful of all of that. So here you see that animated run. Oh, this isn't a 15 minute. Probably didn't look more animated on the five minute of above all these areas.
On the one minute and this is what usually will happen. This was actually a really nice setup on S&P for shorts. This is why I like kind of the way indices trade better. Because if you look a lot of times on indices, you can use like a 5 pip or 5 tick stop loss above the...
candle that let's say if you got in here let's see if it actually played out so it's what 75 so you do like 80 hit 80 no it didn't hit 75 exactly so you made equal highs with this candle um didn't even change to 80 for some reason how will it not change to 80 maybe it's camera how the ticks go okay okay that's what it is that's why the ticks are 25 cents that's right so you can move it up there and um
I mean, you see this is a very nice opportunity. It's very, very clean. You could have been taking it down here to a fair value gap. It didn't actually hit all the way. You could have taken a demand, however you wanted. But anyways, I like watching the indices. There's a lot of times Bitcoin likes to move with them. Again, you got to stay.
mindful of everything that's going on. You can't really expect, oh, okay, we're for sure going to drop. This is for sure going to happen. You can't look at it like that, but you can calculate your approach based off of what everything else is doing. This is not really as clean of a setup. Actually, well, that's pretty nice. You got this fair value gap setup. Actually, probably cleaner. You didn't really see any draw down there.
So, that being said, oftentimes this happens after 830. I'll be waiting for a high or low after 830 to get cleared. Let's see what Bitcoin wants to do. This is where Bitcoin kind of gets finicky because it's like, you know, we didn't really run any highs. Not during this session at least. So, what I'd be looking for here is this is really going to be the range that I'm watching.
down here so we will look at that you do have some equal highs it looks like what is this one oops it looks like we're going for the lows right now 250 really what we're going to do is we're just going to wait to see you know um how this plays out you also got to remember i mean this is going to be mindful of everything so look at that now if you look when we came back down here this was where your original change of character was
You did break structure, the downside. So I wouldn't be really like looking for longs because you could say, oh, and this is where people get tripped up. It's like double break a structure. You know, theoretically, you should have bounced off this. If anything, you did not. Demand has been absorbed. I was up in this area right here. You got those longs. And this shows that the market's pretty weak because, you know, if we're, you know, double break a structure, you know, you should, this should be a weak high if we're going to continue and price just was really weak.
I see you, Bill. Yeah, those BNB shorts did pay overnight. I sure got you guys good on those. So remember, this goes back to TRX. It goes back up into that general sentiment that we could be looking for some downsides. So that's going to help you with your bias with other coins. I'm going to look at the majors first. So at this point, I just want to scan around a little bit. ETH has been looking terrible lately. It's one of the weakest looking majors there is. Wow, this is like, oh, ETH is dumping.
super super weak and again it's just you don't really get a setup as far as these liquidity rates so now i'm going to just kind of cycle through these i'm assuming that the market is just going to take everything with it everything is just kind of dropping down failing any kind of demand so let's look this is one of those mornings it would have been better to be trading through the london session if you see this is going to be your london high right here
Right in this area. So you should not see that cleared. I mean, I think we've established that at this point. I mean, you've got a lot. You got all this liquidity resting in here. This whole zone, depending however you draw it. So we should not see that be violated. Now here at this point, I'm just going to watch this under these lows, see what happens. Again, indices are already selling off. So I wouldn't expect too much, but we might be able to catch some buys to sales if we get the right setup.
So now I breach that low. Scale in. Damn, if I'm looking. Oops. Looks like we're going for 28.6. That's a 28.6. Let's see. I'm looking at the one-hour lows. Yeah, I can see that.
I already made my money for the day, dude. I fucking caught a play at 3 a.m. this morning. I caught that big dump. It was a 61 to 1 with a .9 stop loss. Yeah, so this was a London session paid today. Because really, you know, if you're trading this, you know, your targets would have been like here, here, and here. I fucking cashed out, man. Oh, yeah. So, like, what I would look for here is for to clear this high right here with this placement.
So I'm not going to keep Ethereum up. I'm just yet. I'm going to set an alert on it. And then I'm going to put yes down here. So like I said, we're going to see more volatility. We don't need to rush anything. This is like where, you know, you're like, oh, fuck, the moves already happened, which it may, you know, as far as the liquidity rate, it may not even give a setup on crypto. Who knows? We'll see. But I'm not going to chase into that and feed into that fear of missing out, especially before 930.
So while we're waiting, I'm going to keep Bitcoin up down there, but I'm going to go. Yes, is looking more and more like a short, you know, but we could see. I've seen crazy stuff like this happen, like where we'll see some kind of move down below just recent lows, even just this low or any of these lows. And then you see that reversal and you take out that high. I mean, it happens all the time.
i'm gonna keep bitcoin up actually i'll tell you what i'm gonna put an alarm right here i'm gonna cycle back to it every once in one case we make a new low and high but i'm gonna do some ta on some other coins looks like you're gonna make another i'll come back to in a second so what i like to do here too is i like to see you know what's the most extreme moves in the day because a lot of times with the alts like i just have something on my watch list that's how it's going to help me determine where i'm going to put my interest at we have lrc here
Do some 4-hour on LRC. I think it's bouncing. Almost. Yeah, it created those equal lows right there. It's going to be your second change of character to the bearer side. So what did sand just do? Change of character on sand. This is another one that we might want to keep an eye on because it pumped really massively. At this point, really, you probably could say, depending on how you map your swing structure, that this was on alert.
Hey Bill, what are you doing today? What's up? I'm Smoker. IK said for BNB Shorts. Well, I'm just chasing at this point, in my opinion. I'm not sure if you just FOMO in, you might make money, but I don't think it's a good practice necessarily to do that.
I mean, it pays sometimes if you'll come back and say, oh, I should have done it. It dumped. But I mean, yeah, I guess you could look at it like that. But that shoulda, coulda, woulda, shoulda. That'll eat you alive in the long run. Let's see what Bitcoin's doing because it looks like Ethereum. Both of them have cleared lows. So at this point, I'm just going to lean into both of these.
The ideology behind using some of these concepts is you're oftentimes going to be doing the opposite of what you're thinking your first thought to do is. A lot of times. Not always. You need to do that confirmation, but that's often more often than not. I'd almost be favoring Ethereum here for relief just because it's cleared a lot more.
I would also like a nice little relief pump to bring some of those other short plays up to an entry. Remember, no FOMO and don't chase into stuff. The reason I'm picking that one is because if I'm going to use internal structure, this is going to be your high. Why is that? Because remember, this high sponsored a low. This did not.
Not much of a fair value gap Bitcoin's liking to leave us. And another thing too, these setups, a lot of the times, they don't really happen this early. So this kind of volatility this early is usually not what's going on. And if it is, you might get like a setup that doesn't have a fair value gap. And then you end up falling into it and you take that one, get stopped out.
then the real setup comes and you either might take it, but you've already lost some money, which you'll probably make it back, or you're scared to take it because you're still shell-shocked from taking the first loss. I've seen that happen a ton.
The volatility has a lot to do with the GDP numbers that came out this morning, too. Oh, there was more news this morning? Yeah, there was GDP numbers for gross domestic products, consumer spending, price prelims, price index, driverless claims, and shit like that. Yeah, that's definitely... That all just came out at 5.30. Well, 5.30 my time, 8.30 Eastern.
There was some nice shorts on the ES and NASDAQ. Nice ass shorts. It's more easy as hell. Ran those old highs. Nice reverse with a fair value gap. Enter wherever you enter in here. Stop off some of that candle. NQ is actually a little easier to look at. You had even got in the beginning of the fair value gap. Stops here. Plus one tick. Money.
Just target it. I mean, that's the thing. That's the nice thing at end of season. You can have, like, a 20-minute workday a lot of the times. Bitcoin broke up of that internal structure, but I don't really... On the two-minute, or one-minute, I don't see displacement. Two-minute, I do, though. But on the two-minute, you also see we didn't really break any structure. So, you know, usually if I want to play that one-minute internal structure, I want to see displacement on that time frame. So maybe we might get a break above this high, and we'll get that displacement we were looking for. We'll see.
I don't like these wicks, though. Excuse me. How you doing, Hunter? Doing well. Had a good morning this morning so far. You run 30 miles? Three and a half. Savage. I saw you've been running a bunch. Yeah, every morning pretty much. I'm doing that stepping shit, too. It's actually doing okay. Oh, you got some of those? I'm about to try that shit out, too.
You like that? Yeah, it works really well. I mean, I still haven't quite made my money back. My projected return on income just to make my money back from buying the NFT is about 40 days. But, I mean, I bought when it was at the goddamn top. And so if you get in now, I mean, it's fucking probably half the price than what I fucking bought mine for. It's an app called Step In.
Yeah, I gotta... You catch those shorts on NQ or ES this morning, Freddy? I had shorts open from yesterday. Hell yeah.
And there's another short coming up on ES. And I wouldn't touch it for a couple of hours because we have other news dropping. Yeah, there's a ton of news today. Did you see that? I didn't even know this until today. We're having the digital assets and the future finance. We're talking about the central bank digital currency at noon Eastern. Yeah, we have a bunch of stuff happening this whole week. Yeah, this week's been crazy.
Even though everybody was on, I've been up for like an hour and change trading. Yeah, I just now got on like, it's been like 45 minutes. I don't really take any trades yet though.
Yeah, so that's why some people would have chased into this, this fair value gap here. I mean, that still hasn't been filled, but I just don't like that kind of price action. I need displacement, like animated. You don't have a question about it. You're not sitting there talking yourself into taking the trade. You need to look at it and be like, yeah, that's it. And you'll get a feel for it after you get stopped out of couples. I'm just trying to trade this setup.
Yeah, just like look at the section on Oz and it's just so easy, bro. So fucking easy. For those of you, I'll invert this, I guess, because this is what I'm looking for in Bitcoin. That right there is just so clean. You have that break of that high, fair value gap. Boom. Target inefficiencies along the way. I would have probably been out full right there. No trims until there.
Very easy. 5%, almost 6% of your funds in about, what is this, 30 minutes or so. And I'm going to keep moving this down. I'm going to anticipate that this is kind of early. We haven't really made a new low, but I'm going to keep moving this down. And if we get a breakup of it, great. If not, then whatever. So look back at that 50-minute. Like Hoochie pointed out, we do have this liquidity target if you were in shorts here. I mean, you've swept a lot, but you could look.
More so for that reversal, possibly under here if we get one. Because if you're really looking at this range we've been in for the last couple days, we've already completely obliterated the daily range. So you can look left and see, okay, we've got a ton of liquidity there. So you might get that run with the stock market open, maybe initial push up, and then dump off into that liquidity.
I just now saw, Bill, you said when should you end your Aave shorts. I mean, if you haven't trimmed, if I was in shorts already and I just hadn't trimmed, I would be trimming, but I wouldn't just close them. I'll tell you that.
You know, if you haven't trimmed anything and you're up fat, take 50%. You know, it stops a break even. Because, you know, this is the way I look at stuff. If you have an open position that goes along with the high time frame bias, why close it? Definitely takes some money, but I don't want to, you know, close a position that, you know, could end up just completely continuing to tank.
Look back at TRX. I really want TRX to come back up into this zone. One of these zones. Both of them are nice and premium. What was... Oops. There's some more. SKL is fucking hammered down. Just going to take a look at it. Just to see what's up. Not really. Probably looking to play a bunch of liquidity, fair value gap stuff on SKL. I mean, who knows? It might hit, but...
Yeah, I wouldn't be too confident in it. I'll set an alert here just to see what we do, though. Is there anything that's green? Oh, Tomo. What's Tomo doing? That should have been straight squeezed on this four-hour zone. Really, with Tomo, you may have already seen your lower high right here because you came into that four-hour supply zone. It's not really very refined, but you came into it, and then you saw a change of character on the four-hour almost immediately. It's really right here was your change of character.
on internal structure i guarantee if you want a 15 minute same thing shorts anywhere in this zone looks like you could have refined it even at the top easy money early shorts got stopped out let's look over here see what we're doing because it might be an opportunity so it's doing that change of character because we're still bullish in the 15 minute what's bitcoin doing okay we might have something here
oh no actually this didn't make a new low let's see if we get here we go there's some displacement see if we can get above this high over here preferably let's go back into ethereum as well ethereum is actually looking a little bit better and i'm just plotting this don't just enter this here i'm just plotting i'm just kind of seeing get my position tool ready if we're going to take a short or not a short or long trade off my ipad since i'm streaming for you guys i'm not used to it
So let's see. It's so funny how NAS and the ES, you can literally put, it has almost the exact same structure as Bitcoin and Ethereum. It's exactly the same, bro. I swear to you. Yeah. I'm looking at NAS, and I'm able to put my lines at the exact same spot as yours, and you're fucking charting Ethereum and Bitcoin. Same, bro. It's funny.
So what I'm going to do here, I'm looking at the one minute, we've got two fair value gaps. We could take an entry off either one, really. You can also draw a line here and just kind of wait for price to come back down into this zone. But now, since we have this break of structure on the one minute, actually, it's internal, but it'd be kind of an aggressive entry here. Because really, you'd want to break this high up here.
To actually get that break, I guess you'd say. It's kind of ugly here. So I'm going to be patient. I'm going to wait because Bitcoin still hasn't got this set up yet. And we could be aggressive with the internal here. But I'd like to wait. I mean, this will probably still be the area we play from. We'll see. But I'd like to wait until we get above this. Why isn't my iPad charging? The charger I have is about dead.
I saw somebody had their Binance. I think it was JL had his Binance where it was like on the iPad. It let him turn it sideways. Mine will not do that. I'd rather us not fill this before we break this. I will say that. And I'm, again, not telling you guys too long. I'm just getting my tool ready. And there's two ways you could play this. You could set stops down here. Again, this is pretty early in the morning. So you want to be really patient.
and make sure we don't just rush into something. So we got that break of structure there. I'm not really looking for a closure. That's displacement. Didn't necessarily get on Ethereum yet. Too close to New York open. Yeah, exactly. That's the thing. This is early for this to be happening, but we'll see some volatility with that. Usually you see the best setup like this form at like 10, 1030. But that might be where we catch those buys to sales.
So what I'll do here is if I'm going to play both of them, I'll be more conservative with Bitcoin because its price action sucks compared to Ethereum a lot of the time. So I will have a wider stop. And at this point, final target would be equal highs resting above. I'm actually going to go a little lower because I don't want to get up into this London high because you're probably not going to see that cleared. I'd probably be a little more.
liberal with that yeah and that's honestly not the craziest risk reward if we take stops under that um one of those lows i'd probably take them at the stop there so this is that's not the entry don't set a limit for this i'm actually just going to wait for price to come into this area and see what we get
so if you guys are on trading you go ahead and start you know start putting your position if you're going to take short or along with me whenever i say it and then be ready to you know be able to size your position the right way have your calculator up just be ready i'm not really the biggest fan of ethereum right yet just yet we did get internal break but break but i'm going to do i'm going to wait for price to probably come down in here and just see how we react because a lot of times bitcoin will come down and then you'll see it push up you'll raid this liquidity here
casper this may sound retarded but can you go over how to calculate a position sure um leverage or your position one percent of your port or whatever you risk so if you're on 10x here it'd be let's just say you have a 10 grand port take 100 bucks because that's one percent of 10 grand divide it by 0.022 that's your size
So divide it by your distance from stop loss times the amount of leverage. So if it's 0.22, that's going to be at 2.2%. So you're going to take 100 divided by 0.022. Distance divided by what? Sorry. Distance times leverage. Distance times leverage. You can also use calculators for Bitcoin. There's a calculator here. I'll drop a link.
Watch this. Yeah, it's just, I'm not going to go over and drop this yet. I'm trying to watch, but it's just your 1% of your port divided by distance to stop loss times your leverage. Thank you. For sure. I got you. And you divide it by not 2.2. It's going to be 0.022. It's important because you're going by dividing by percent, not a full figure. So we came into this initial fair value gap here. I like that reaction. I want it to come a little lower.
See how we react to this in efficiency. It's a two minute. We hit equilibrium here. Not yet. Three minute we might have. We haven't really got an internal change of character here. So right there you had that change of character downside. Now if you maybe broke again. Broke this high again. Move it. Broke that again. You'd be that internal change of character. You could try to take a trade. Stops under here. It'd be a little more aggressive.
We'll see. I'd like this reaction so far, but you have not changed back to bullish in the one minute yet on the internal structure. Ethereum still really hasn't even done much. I don't want to chase this. It's like, don't get emotional and don't get tense and be okay with missing a trade. It's fine for that to happen. Just let it develop. It's just this big of a move. If we were just using the same stop loss, that is not even the trade I would want to take.
until we can get a new set of structure. Maybe, oh, if we break here, then you could have taken this. Still not great, to be honest. I don't like that at all. Where's the London High, actually? Ah, it's going to be up here. You could maybe see Long's up to this supply, but it's just, it's not really the craziest setup without a really tight stop. The market might pump. Yeah, that's what I'm looking for. In a second, like 15 minutes. Tesla's about to break out to the upside.
I'm not going to worry about Ethereum just yet here. See, anybody who chased this up there is hurting now. So we can look, the two-minute inefficiency is probably about filled. Let's see how far. I'm going to go ahead and take Bitcoin Longs here. Let's see what that stop loss is. Let's put that stop loss. What is that? 2920. 2924. Again, we're just going to take this to be the first trade. It's early, so we might get stopped and have to take another one. We'll see.
just kind of roll with the punches at this point and see where you're at make sure you set your stop don't degen and and try to not set a stop but just hold it that's not how you do it holding hope theorem really didn't break out either not really paying attention to any attention to ethereum here i think avax is going to be a pretty good it just reached my level where i would long it this looks pretty nice
Yeah, it cleared the liquidity below. I was looking at it in a bigger time frame. Yeah, I'm sure everything price swept. It was beautiful. Sorry, I'm looking at the 241-minute chart. It swept liquidity. It took all that wick to the left. Goddamn, this TA's ugly. Yeah, that was a fucking awesome short this morning. I made 96%. Nice. It went down straight to entry, 2442.
I think I cut it at like 23.8 or something. Bitcoin's not really giving the reaction I would necessarily like. It looks like it's wanting to stay, but it's not getting enough displacement. It's broke. There it is. So that's one. It's whatever. Fuck it. Oops. We'll wait until we get more of a bias. Maybe we should have used stops here. Let's just see how it plays out. It doesn't look like it wants to hold, but we shall see.
let's go back to i'm going to take a look at es see what it's doing four hour i was like dennis it's pumping it's chugging along yeah you might play us 30 today so here trying to get some more volatility here in the next little bit we'll wait for stock market open and also that getting closer that london close honestly it looks like yes might dump a little more here yeah
I'm thinking it still goes up to 409. Yeah, it wants to. It's trying to fight it. There's liquidity right there to grab. And so I said, what cryptocurrency conference is today? There's a meeting. The Fed has a meeting at 12 on the central bank digital currency. Yeah, the Fed's about to fuck your shit up. Yeah, exactly. I think it looks like Bitcoin's going for that lower target here.
So we'll just kind of wait. If the Fed affected your trading yesterday and that was pre-recorded, just relax. Yeah. But you also can't win more, so keep chugging along, guys. Yesterday I was blessed. I was already in longs, and it was like they were taking earlier in the morning, and the Fed actually helped me. So I was like, whatever. Usually if I'm in a trade, I don't necessarily close it, but I do immediately.
Moot stops break entry or really monitor it to make sure nothing crazy happens because that should either you can be on the right side of it or the wrong side of it and the wrong side of it's not fun. Appreciate it. Let's take a look at Let's look at Nas too. Both of them seem to be Turning up to this supply up here. Not really any kind of change of character just yet
Which one are equal? I think I marked... Yeah, these are just those London highs. We've got more equal over here. Oof. Oof. Bitcoin is taking a shit. He's going for this lower target. For sure. I'm also looking at the two-minute time frame. It is, though. Don't mind me. No, it definitely is. It looks like it's taking a shit on the two-minute. Especially something like Bitcoin. It's trying to protect that low, but I don't think it's going to.
I got some super low time frame demand in here, but I wouldn't really mind that. It might play out, but I wouldn't really be trading it with that liquidity target right below. I'm going to look around a little bit, get on one screen, set an alert for when we come under here. I'm just going to scan through my watch list at this point because we're not really going to rush anything. We've still got stock market open. Tomo is farthest up. Let me look at that one.
Siacoin, I'm not going to touch that. Tron. It's another one I really want us to come back up and dig into this supply. I think these are going to be some really nice shorts. Siacoin is really kind of already dumped off. You could see push back up into this because you have that spare value gap right there that needs to be filled. So that's something to keep in mind.
If we do end up pumping from here, it's just going to be leaving a lot of liquidity to the downside. A lot of these coins, especially this. Hunter, is today private or regular? Today would normally be private. But I don't know if we want to do it because Casper is streaming and we got a bunch of our private cats here. So we might just work with it here. Give everybody an extra day.
I just, this is tons of liquidity being engineered to the sell side. I'm going to shorten the video. Probably long Tesla. Short Apple. I'm looking for these puts on AMD too. Go to the majors really quick. Which I need to get. You can trade a couple of those like on most brokers on like MT4, right? Like the major stocks. Yeah. It's about to get interesting. 15 till open. Fuck yeah.
I know CryptoRocket has a bunch of fucking different stocks. Oh, there it goes. God damn it, I just got stopped out. I was in it for a while, though. Oh my lord. That's about to happen to the Nasdaq. Yeah, those early morning shorts on Nas and Spy are fucking paying. Fucking A, dude. I had to stop. God.
I had a TP set, so it fucking ripped through it. Oh, well. You mean like when you're short? Yeah. I made money. Fuck it. I wasn't, you know, profits, profits. Can't go broke taking profits. Nope. I 2X'd on the day already, so I think I'm done, dude. Yeah, man. I'd be done for sure.
I was going to ask you, so 2.5%, you make 2.5%, you're done? I usually don't open more positions. I won't just close everything, but I won't really open more, if that makes sense. So I guess you can say I'm done. It's also all relative to your port size.
Yeah, say if you have like a $250,000 port. If you have a 2K and you make 2.5%, your risk is a lot less to continue trading if you so choose to, which I still wouldn't. But if you have a 100K port and you make 2.5%, I'd stop trading. Go ahead, my bad. So you just came in at some 4-hour demand.
Not necessarily doesn't mean all that much just yet and clean up some of this I hate having so much It's not looking hot right here because it's like when we're looking at a four-hour You know now are really cool. We did clean out a ton of liquidity here a ton Right there or in this high time frame demand
But you're going to want more. If you're going to look to swing anything, which you'd be playing a pullback that pretty much already happened. This is where it's like you're trading countertrend. It's like you really want to even go after that. As far as for holding through more than a day if you just catch some relief.
Lately, crypto has just been making me want to stay up late and trade London because so many of the moves happen during London. Yeah. I mean, when you mentioned that yesterday, I swear to God, that's what I did. I stayed up and at 3 a.m., that shit dumped and I had an entry. I had a 0.9 fucking stop loss and it ripped. Yeah, exactly. And that's where you're going to get a lot of the satisfying point. But it kind of cycles. For a while there, New York was smacking with fucking...
With crypto. Argo, you said you're shorting NVIDIA? Yeah. Look at it. It's in a rising wedge. There's a bunch of liquidity below. Their earnings weren't too hot. No, their forecast was terrible. Yeah. There's so much macro indicators news that's coming out right now. That's ES looking.
Yeah, I started dumping off from there. I got a jobs claim report that dropped a little bit ago. This is why I like trading, or would not like to trade, and it is so easy. VMware's getting all the volume this morning because of the deal that we heard about yesterday. Yeah, I'm trying to get that out. Yeah.
U.S. corporate profits fell from a record high. Corporate profits in the United States fell to 4.3% to $2.42 trillion in the first quarter of 2022, from a record $2.53 trillion reached in the previous period. Dollar Tree earnings above expectations. They wanted a $2.01, they got $2.37.
Dollar tree did really really well for earnings. He's amazing at recessions. Dollar 25 store? Yep. Oz is going to close red. Japan's going to close red. Did you see those bond charts I was posting in Forex chat algo?
That shit is terrifying, bro. Bro, yeah, I was looking at bonds last night. That shit is terrifying, bro. No, I'm not playing them. I mean, I'm just using them for overall macro perspective. Because it's like, you know, if you have a decoupling between maybe, usually you'll see like decouplings between currencies and, I'm sorry, between like, there'd be like bonds and commodities will decouple from currencies and stocks. But they're all pointing to like global recession.
And then if you look at the dollar, it's just broke. It closed above. It's the highest. It's closed a week since 2017. I'm trying to find your bond charts. Other Japan bonds. All bonds. Everything is going to according to plan. COVID lows. Japan is super weak. Nobody likes them anymore.
Europe's going to go bankrupt. Germany's going bankrupt. I got shorts on the German EWG ETF that holds a shitload of European energy. I'm positioned very well. If everything crashes, I'll make two and a half times my port size. It would only technically be up 100% because of how much everything's going to drop.
Rock on, man. Rock on. You got to, yeah, just listen to when I talk, bro. Usually I try to hit it two, three months in advance. It's over. I don't like having that. All of the scrunchies need to know where we're at. I'm just going to hide it on the minutes. Nice redistribution. It was a little more, uh.
I guess easy on the way down. Usually once you hit this last little supply, and we've seen with bitcoins like previous, it's just completely tanked. Now we've came under a ton of lows. Like if I were in shorts, I wouldn't close them, but I'd be at least taking some off if I hadn't already. Stock market open. Fat short. About to go catch a thousand pips on that bitch. Oh wow. We're about to stack plate.
US-30 is so late all the time, too, compared to NAS and S&P. Did you know that when Tom Cruise filmed Top Gun, the US military gave him the airplanes at a rental cost of $11,000 per hour? Holy shit. Random fact. Oh, wow. AVAX just broke down. Wow. If you close a four-hour candle down here.
And you're confirming more of a downtrend. It's pretty crazy. I didn't even see. I mean, it could be just a spring, though, because you didn't even get a pullback on AVAX as far as, like, to the upside. I mean, it's just so fucking weak. Yeah, that's why I went long on it at 2442. Where's my stop at? And I said I was doing equity, too. People were like, what? I don't even know where the stop would be. There's, like, no lows, really. I have a stop. Yeah, there's a level there.
oh i swear sometimes my shit doesn't show up right on the one chart i don't know what the yeah even like if you look like even if you woke up and played the new york session you didn't even like that's the thing that's lately about bitcoin it's just like you literally didn't have like that kind of stop run you'd look for in a new york session i think i was getting real close to the 1700 target we were actually talking about i think yesterday
That's going to bring the rest of the market down too, in my opinion. Clearing at least these equal lows. We're probably going to take more, but at least these. What's up? How you doing, Chad? I didn't know it was you. I just woke up. You have to say you're awake at this time? It's 9.30. Stocks are about to open. What you talking about? Do you be trading stocks or just look for the session?
No, I'm not trading stocks yet. That's what I was going to say. I know you traded stocks. I'm just here for timing though. Exactly. NYSE open volatility. 8 a.m. Open volatility. Exactly. That's what I figured. I was just curious. Look at the chart I just posted. Everything I've been waiting to do, I think we're finally getting ready to do. This spring.
Not really a spring, just a return to origin on this demand that gave us flip zones. Over here. Yeah, basically because we're in a phase B. Phase B is just a long drawn out liquidity range to exhaust as many traders as possible.
And then we take out all of their stop losses, and then Smart Money puts in their massive orders again at their demand zone. Yeah, that's what I'm really looking for here is more longs. Because we cleared out all this range right there, all those equal lows, relatively equal, I guess. And then now you're in that demand. No, we actually still have more liquidity at 27.9K on the perp chart. There's still tons of liquidity, but the four-hour range lows.
Yeah, we just created more equal lows with that small bounce that we just had. Yeah, where we're at right now. Demand zone below it is where I'm looking to take longs.
somewhere in this right yeah right there yeah that all of that demand that uh created there with that uh weekly liquidity rate is what gave us um breaks the structure to the upside yeah and then also that would go along with ethereum taking out uh those that main liquidity target at 1700 i guarantee we'll hit that if we dip down a little lower also we got the uh central um
What's it called? Central bank digital currency at noon today. So that's going to be interesting how that affects the market. Mike, you're looking at 27.1, that demand zone? What's it called? Algo said that hedge funds or a lot of institutions are buying into crypto right now.
You know that you've got inducement just above to that's all a paper From hedge funds that they're submitting their buy orders and how they're submitting them US 30 just swept those London highs right now come to that peel out The fucking just take a nap to London clothes
And you can catch the reversal, you know, this is what I've been waiting for. Just these high as B swept mine. What happened to doing this all in one shot? Private boys leaving? Bye, private boys. Yeah, stocks are open. PA is going to be boring. I'm like, I'm just going to take a nap until London closed. Yeah, crypto doesn't really move right now. I mean, it does, but it's about to be in the stock market.
It was 7, 10. No, it's not a couple hours to launch. We usually see a lot of volatility around like 10 to 10.30 crypto and currencies. So that London close. Or leading up to the London close, I should say. But from this fall, it's just like...
Yeah, exactly. It's only been like five minutes, ten minutes. Yeah, I don't think we're going to see much. I mean, it's just starting to just open. Probably see a little volatility, but... We can come back up to 28.65, maybe cash short from up there. Right around here. Somewhere in here, yeah. Yeah, the top of the breakdown. That's like literally the only POI you have right now. Literally, and it's like, even then, I mean, it's like a nice, it would be a nice scout, but we're just so low, I'm like... Yeah. You know.
It's like, is it a sweep? Are we going lower? You just got to go where the money's at and we're just not difficult. Exactly. As soon as you start overthinking things, just... Yeah, if you're not very, you know, if you're not like, at least because if you don't have like a framework, like, you know, okay, well, this is what I want to happen. If it doesn't happen, I'm out. And if it does happen, you know, if you don't have like a very clear where it's going and why you think it's going there, it's, you know, just throwing shit at the wall.
I love throwing shit out of all of them. Don't get me wrong. Already, I was up like $500 on a couple of things that I played yesterday. Good. It's going by. I'm going to go ahead and hear Glacier getting excited over us being above $400 because we got these spy calls. Robbie just said spy.
Let me go tell them not to get trapped. I'll be back. Yeah, that's what I'd say. Yeah, it's just like the night and day between ES and crypto. It's just so much fucking nicer. That's what I do. Not as well. And now we wait. Yep, that's another thing I'm learning. Being a rookie trader is sitting on your hands is okay. And I did that all day yesterday. I can tell London.
You got to be like there's a mix like you got to be ready to because people I feel like a lot of times like right now I did when I was starting out you got to be
patient, but also ready to execute whenever you do have a framework. And you can't really worry if that framework is going to play out in your favor or not. You just got to have that mechanical approach and just know what you're looking for, know what you need. And once you get that, yeah, exactly. And you just take the emotion out of it. That's what you can tell a lot of times, like you can easily tell when you're in chat, who's listening and who's not to risk.
Why? Because there's people that are completely losing their mind over taking a loss. And then there's people that are like, okay, on to the next one, whatever. That's why most people, I'd say 90% of people who start trading, I don't mean to be negative, but they won't make it. Not until they get to a calm and aware mindset. If you guys are making money.
trading, you know, you got to stay humble because on Wall Street, you're not really considered profitable until you're five years in and for five years straight at the end of the year, you're profitable. Yeah. Without taking loss every single month. And that euphoria could kill you. Super green.
just because because sometimes you know just because you had a great run you get too excited i've seen it happen with the best of us like you know you run something up i can give you plenty of examples you run something up you you turn like nothing into like 100k you're like fuck yeah and now your position sizing is like 20 bands of positions like yo bro calm the fuck down just get all your shit taken exactly bro and that's i think that's like honestly a really big
almost key um part of uh every trader's journey you know what i mean like of learning i think that's really is a very key part of that and then i hate telling people that because then they're like oh you're so negative i'm like i've just been around the block a couple of times yeah you may be making money now but i've been making money doing this like 10 years so
humble yourself. I got humbled when I lost 30 racks in a play. Right. That was like a solid kick in the balls. I got that. Couldn't trade for like a week. I was emotionally compromised. Is that your biggest L? Yeah. When that happened, I still ended the year up 400k, but do you want to lose 30 racks? Right.
I don't want to lose 30,000. Right. My short didn't film me. Oh, it didn't hit it yet. Trying to take the short on US 30. It's a small risk position. And it's where we're at now. You know, we're down low. And this is where you would not really want to be shorting, in my opinion. I mean, unless you're scalping, you really know what you're doing. And you're in and out. Even then, I mean, it's like kind of like already happened.
like ethereum dude is so close to those those equal lows 1700 you know a lot of people after this kind of like huge volatility they're like you get that like fomo where you're like oh fuck i want to get in on something and it's like you know when you're this extended on the high time frames you almost want to wait for those bigger changes of trend on a lot of things because especially you're trading against the trend
Not really as much volatility with the actual 930 open as you usually see, to be honest. Hold on one second, guys. I'm going to use the bathroom. We'll be right back. God, those inside bars helped me so much. As soon as I learned about that and turned that on as an indicator, I started using those.
Yeah, if you guys have anything you're looking at too, just always let me know. Just let everybody know, like, hey, look at this. That way we're all kind of want everybody to feel like they can say whatever, do whatever. I'm kind of just chilling right now. It's not really much structure I like for any kind of long or anything like that yet. Oh, yeah, Braden. I'm glad you're enjoying it.
It's not long on this at all yet. I'm just waiting. Just kind of mapping it out to see what it would look like. I'm not going to really rush anything. I kind of want to see how we react to this 10 a.m. There's news that's going to come out then as well. But I do like Ethereum at this point better than I do Bitcoin. It's not really... What the hell? Oh yeah, that's why. Bitcoin's still looking pretty rough.
Still got that. All these lows right here that could get swapped up. And then that goes along with Ethereum having the weekly liquidity target down here at $1,700. $1,750 on perps. Oh, I got you silent. Where is your thing? Oh, you're at the bottom. There you go. I didn't suppress you. Yeah, did you hit fill in XRP? I didn't take XRP. Oh, okay. I just remember that level being posted. I think it was from Playboy. Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, 377. Yeah, yeah. See how Bitcoin reacts to this. Going up here. Five more. So this inside bar. I just realized that was inside bar. Yeah, those inside bars, when you told me about that too, those really, you can use those to your advantage. I've seen that.
Yeah, because an inside bar on whatever time frame you're looking at is just a range on a lower time frame. And that goes for everything, even if you're in the one minute. I mean, I know it sounds ridiculous, but that's a range on the seconds and so forth. I actually hit the bottom of A belongs 30% right now. I'm having being done for the day, Hoochie. There we go. Here we go. Let's bust it open to the conversation. I know. All right. I got it.
It didn't even come into that fair value gap. I dumbed down the inside bars. Yeah, they're just a bar that is inside the candle to the left and to the right of them. I'm sorry, not to the right, I'm sorry. They're inside the candle to the left of them. And then when they're broken by the candle to the right, they're going to produce either a low or a high instead of the previous candle. But all it is is just a candle that did not break the previous candle whatsoever.
Here on Bitcoin, we busted right through that. It's just, this is why some of you guys have seen me talking about it. It's just like the price action is just so ugly on crypto lately. It's just not, some of these liquidity concepts are just not really hitting as much because the price action is so choppy. Like we were talking about the NQ earlier.
You have very clean, clean, easy price action. You're going to cut those scalp shorts early, and you come sweep lows. You actually didn't get an entry, but it's much cleaner. You don't have these wicks everywhere and just these blocky price action. Oh, TRX alert. Almost hit. Let's look.
four hour like what I like to do is once we come back over these zones you want to just really make sure you're mindful of everything that's going on go back again just look at the swing structure on the higher time frames I think with the daily of TRX which is interesting in the weekly you're not necessarily even bearish until a lot lower weekly it's just ridiculous you can't use that but the that's really your daily range when you haven't broken or out of it so
I'm still technically bullish on the daily under above, you know, back all the way in early 2021. Four hours a little different, of course. And this is where you got to be careful shorting TRX because we, you know, we kind of hear BAM low. Then you made a new high. So you're trading. That was your old range. And now you've got a hot this low, broke this high.
Really a range looking at is here. What is going on? Holy shit. Yeah, suck that liquidity up quickly.
Took a little bit of the range low liquidity, created more liquidity at 27.9. It's retesting the equilibrium of the swing that it just broke to the downside. I don't think we're going to reverse here. No, I don't either. I think we're still going to come back down. Yeah. Hit retail with a quick V-bottom and force them to FOMO into longs right now. Yep, exactly. Go up and chat. Me? No, I'm talking to Scorpion. Oh.
Oh, and Hoochie and MILF sound the same, by the way. You guys do. They definitely do. For real? That's his cousin. Yeah. Yeah. That's his cousin, for sure. Like, exactly alike. By long. By long. When he said something, I was like, what the fuck? I had to check, like, three times. Where are you from, Hoochie? Minnesota. You can tell. Yeah. Minnesota. I'll say the north. Some of my friends talk. It's great. I love it. It makes me feel at home.
I know when I'm out of town or out of state and somebody asks where I'm from, they always do it. Minnesota. What's up? I think we might get Kevin Durant on the Suns. Really? I don't even pay attention to sports. I was talking to Devin yesterday and they're really good friends. He was going to come out here to visit.
I was like, yeah, OME, KD. Like, no offense, you're a good player, but you got some cool friends, too. I need an autographed jersey. Trying to make money off my friendships. Yeah, see, here with TRX, I would be hesitant even to really short this for a couple reasons. For one, remember, we'd be playing Countertrend, and you want to get nice confirmation when you really look at this. Like, yeah, we broke structure, the downside. But, I mean, if you look, again, what happened right after that?
internal change of character bullish so you want to be very careful shorting this if you do you want to wait for a double confirmation in my opinion you might get left whatever doesn't even it's not even coming up to the supply but um i would be very cautious with that i'm not saying i wouldn't take it but yeah bitcoin looks like it wants to just induce more longs yo twitter's on some other shit bro
What happened? Or what is it? These people are at a beach or something. I don't know where it is. And they're all with their dogs. And a rat comes out of nowhere. And the dogs start going crazy trying to eat the rat. Oh, yeah. No, no. I did see that. I saw that. Someone said Ratatouille 2 looking wild. All the fucking owners are like, hell no. My dog's not catching the plague. Don't eat that shit. I'll take you to the vet.
Those XRP limits looking nice. Playboy said there's a 3.5% move. Quit the 4 hour. I haven't charged XRP in a while. This actually would look very nice for long soon. Those limits are already paying, but that's kind of what I'd look for first. What's BNB doing? BNB was one of the better. Oh, wow, this pulled back nicely. See, this is the kind of structure you want to see. You have that nice...
Ty, it's not like the swing, you know, your highs you need to break are like leagues above you in order to shift structure. Oops. What I'm going to do now, too, is look at my watch and see what's like the actual most beaten down that I want to trade. Because I don't like trading just anything, but it's been a while since I charted Zcash, too. Just going to trash this. This is setting up pretty nicely. Hello? What's up? Yo. Augie, you looking for me?
Is that Scorpion? What's that Scorpion? Yeah. You've been killing the options lately. I don't even trade them, but I've been peeping. Oh, they're up there. Oh, shit. Okay, I'll be up there. I don't know. This is kind of weird. This is like weird swing structure. If you notice, though, if you look back, you always kind of want to look at the standard deviation for Rune. It looks like the swings are pretty. The pullbacks that happen don't have to necessarily be the hugest pullbacks to be that swing high.
Yeah, didn't that rune play you called? That was a 100x play, wasn't it? The one from like a little while ago, like probably a month, two months ago, something like that? Yeah, that was a really nice one. Okay, let's see. Again, it's this weird price action. It's 10. Now, what's TRX? Like I said, you want to be very careful with this one.
Probably want double confirmation in one minute from one of these areas. Because you are on premium here, but it'd be nice to get a deeper push up here. This is the supply that really pushed you down, though. So that's why I still wanted to market and keep an eye on it. What are you watching, JL? I only trade Bitcoin. That's all you trade? Yeah, I'm charting it up right now.
It's nice to only trade like a few things. It really is. Or one thing. For a while there I was just trading ETH. That's how Flo is. Yeah, Flo is only like ETH and Luna. No more Luna. Probably be like Bitcoin and ETH. Luna 2.0, man. Fucking Flo ran Luna to the ground. But no, I'd probably incorporate like ETH into my trading as well.
Shit, I'd even try gold. Gold's fun. Retail's gonna get wrecked on gold right here soon. Actually, I haven't peeped in a while. Let's see if they already did. What about, like, fucking wheat and cattle and shit? Like, the shortages. Commodities? You can make money off those, but you gotta be in tune with a lot of stuff to do that correctly. Yeah, gold's gonna... Actually, those aren't really that equal. Did clear it.
what kind of dollar amount do i need for a forex account it's really up to you but in all honesty i mean if you really want to see like satisfying gains i'd say around like 5k personally that's what i would say i don't get expectations you know just like i'd recommend you can you could start on like a demo and then um you know just kind of go from there
Yeah, for sure. I'm nowhere near anything like that, but the information is good to know. Also, TRX, it's like you've got to remember, too, we're pretty beaten down. That's why you want to wait for that double confirmation. And yeah, Steven, Algo had said something about Kevin Durant to the Suns. I just saw that. That was only a minute ago, anyways.
Damn, bro. Bitcoin is railing. Yes, sir. It's gone up 3.6%. Swept that whole fucking... It's like fucking back and forth. Yeah, dude. There's a lot. There's a lot of strong demand in these areas. Yeah.
Well, you can see how well 27.9 is getting protected. Yeah, exactly. That's what I was thinking, too. It's like they're equal, but at the same time, it's protected like a motherfucker. Yeah. And we have all of smart money buying in at the bottom of the top of the range.
The whole goal of this is dumb money buys in between the range, builds a bunch of liquidity, smart money then manipulates price to take out all of their lows, all of their stop losses for them to just buy back in like at 27, like five. Yeah. I can do the same thing again. Yeah. Because they have to, they have to clear orders off the board. They have to clear orders out of the market so they can place theirs. And that's why.
This is kind of how the game is played because they're not after small traders like us. They're after other institutions and hedge funds, smaller institutions and hedge funds, other people who actually move the market. Exactly. Because no one here in play can move the market. Yeah, exactly. They're trying to stop out Michael Saylor's. Yeah, exactly. These are traders, professional traders versus other professional traders. Exactly. XRP.
XRP is looking nice. Glacier preaches it all the time, but we're literally just like flies on a camel's back when it comes to this. Yeah, 100%.
I got a question about volume. So you know how you can display the volume at the top, not the indicator, just so you can read the volume on the bar? You mean like just putting a volume indicator, like putting it in the pane above? No, I'm not talking about an indicator. I'm just saying like the volume number that like if you change your settings to show the volume at the top with the open high, low, close. Yeah.
So when I'm looking at that number, is that the number of orders or the number of like Bitcoin? The number of Bitcoin. Okay. Here's that 10 a.m. volatility we're talking about. And I will say you did rate a lot of highs. We'll see how we react here. What's NQ doing? Wow.
On what? I'm not playing NQ or anything. Oh, Bitcoin. No, I didn't long. There were longs on Bitcoin? I didn't see them. I mean, unless you just bought under the lows. Bro, what do you mean there was longs on Bitcoin? Of course there was. How so? Bro, watch this fucking D. Like, at what entry? At what entry? At the bottom.
You could have YOLO'd at the first wick right there. Oh yeah, you could have YOLO'd for sure. And gone up. There was also another entry right there where it changed character with that giant wick to the upside and it came back down right into that candle. There's another entry.
right below that when you had another change of character that the price went up and came back down gave you an entry yeah i mean you could have just yellowed it off the dip for sure yeah that was dangerous though the entries were there's one two three entries on the way up let's see how we react here all right so my shorts are about to hit on nasdaq again we're about to go ride this shit crazy
Yeah, those indices, that shit's going to pay. They're way above all. I mean, look at that. I don't see a, unless you're, I mean, if you're looking like way left or something maybe, but I don't see a short here just yet. Oh, yeah, yeah. If you look left on the 15-minute, there's a supply and demand flip on the left-hand side on the way down from the 18th of May. Yeah, like right here, this zone? Yeah, if you stretch it to the left even more, it's a supply and demand flip.
from over there yeah it's probably sell to buy on the four hour too yep well actually not really it's clean this wick's too big but you could still market a little bit more but the shorts should come in soon us 30 straight short on the hourly there's just all this liquidity to the downside this is swept i haven't swept this ideally we could sweep all of this up here
Okay, okay. I got a 5% move on Ape. I'll close that. There you go. What I'm looking for right here is us to sweep all this liquidity up here. Those London highs. And then we'd look for signs of a reversal. That's a good old TRX doing. Not yet. I'm going to delete this because we know we're above these equal highs. Place with an arrow. And we've got a nice target down there. These highs. Let's see how we react.
That's this down here. I'll watch TRX as well. I would play music, but I'm on YouTube, and I think you get copyrighted claimed for that. So I think that sucks about streaming on YouTube and shit. Dude, composite operator's chart is just fucking... He's with the shits on Wyckoff. JL's good with Wyckoff. Got that. Regular structure on TRX. Now we can wait. We'll return up there.
And I need to change the settings on this. I don't like the dash line. Right, church. You can also watch this wick as well. There we go. Nice to see some displacement. Might get a short opportunity here soon. We'll see. Oh, shit. What's up, Rosson? What's up, Papa? Is Papa Schmuck in here? Oh, yeah. Papa Schmuck. Yeah, it's nice to see a lot of the people you don't really see at the night streams. And that's why I want to start doing some of both. What's up, Sin?
Oh, I got you muted? Oh, what the fuck? See, I can't see that. Usually it shows me. I unmuted you, but usually it shows me. I don't know why it does that every single time you join. Somebody said it was something about the cookies or something. I don't know. I'm going to unmute. I'm unmuting everybody who's muted. I'll mute you back if there's...
unnecessary noise but and if you guys are muted it's not like I didn't mute you today I might have muted you way back forever ago in like a stream if there was some noise and you know that could have been it but yeah no I feel like it's it suppresses everyone I think not everyone I'm looking through it like I can see when some people are suppressed and some aren't but like as a red thing like live I'm unmuting him right now
Justin P. I'm unmuting him, but like it shows like when some people are sort of muted and then it doesn't show when others are. It's weird. You got that bitch working now. There you go. Thanks for unmuting me, bro. Of course, bro. What's up, Rawson? What's happening, Coochie Man? Yeah. Johnny's in here. I don't know if he just joined. He's like, what do you mean, where am I at?
I haven't looked at Aave for a long time. I haven't either. I had a killer swing. I had a killer swing trade with that. And fucking end of March, man. When it hit like 262 or something. Fuck, that paid. Which do I target? The one that gave an imbalance. I would target the bottom one. Not necessarily for only the... Yes, because it gave an imbalance. But also it's more in a discount.
there we go mouse is charged up start watching that are you still suppressed wait i thought i would suppress you why does it do that if any of you guys want to be unmuted there you guys should be unmuted now but if any of you guys want to be unmuted just let me know probably maybe see one last little push here from bitcoin xrp again to tag this high up here how's that 15 minute
Yeah, there's a lot of Aave fucking being traded. 451. I've not watched Aave in a minute. We'll just hit the delete all, but it'll delete everything on my other charts, too. Aave actually looks pretty good. There's a lot of demand in this candle. There was. Make sure the 4 out of it clear. That's probably somewhere in this range. Back there. To the snipe, if you got this.
Still haven't really got that second break of structure upside. Can't even ran those lows now. I'd have a look for longs if we get Aave above this right here. Damn, Aave's $100? I wonder it's been getting bought up. Holy fuck, bro. I did not realize it got that cheap. It was like $75 at the low, I think. That's crazy. $60 fucking dollars. $60. I don't know. Aave was like $700, bro.
I think it's like a good coin fundamentally, too. It's more of like a sound lending protocol than others, so I feel like it loses attention because people are like, oh, dude, no fucking... I need like another 50% off all day. Yeah, literally. Hit that 4-2-0, and I'll buy it. Fuck it. So close not to.
If we get a break above this 109.8, I'll look for heavy longs off whatever demand sent us there. It looks like it could be down here. We'll see. It's got that trendline liquidity right below it too right now, engineering. At least in the daily. Yeah, oh yeah. Tons. That shit never holds. Nah, hell no.
Even if it barely gets wicked, it's going to get wicked. Yeah. Because if we get the spring, that last spring on Bitcoin, then obviously we'll get the sell off on everything else. Yeah, exactly. Hold on one second. Hey, yo, what's good? What's good? What's up, Papa? Bro, I had to sleep in the garage last night. I know, man. You told us. That's badass.
Dude, that was whack. Did y'all make any money this morning? Been kind of mids. Everything kind of happened at 3 a.m. this morning. Yeah, 3 a.m. I caught Bitcoin. That was the time. If you didn't get that, then there was not really much entries. Just waiting for London clothes right now. Damn, it was still fucking running. Oh, well. Link, shorts on hourly. It says Lawn and Rhodes. I'm serious, yeah.
I want to start higher timeframes first to get a good... We tried to get Hood's play on Link last night. It filled, but it fucking didn't hold. Cleared all these daily lows here. Weakless if you hit any demand. Not really. Not just yet. Did clear a lot of lows. Look like you really already got your daily pullback in a way. There. You got your change of character. You just now got it.
So you could say the daily pullback is, or not pullback, I'm sorry, the daily continuation is, I'm going to start. So I got four hour. Watch oil.
Oil? I haven't looked at oil in a while. It's railing, bro. It's railing? It's railing. That's scary. You'll see it whenever you're done. Just go check out CL1! It's kind of scary what it's doing.
fucking huge four hour fair value gap on oil during session usually that'll happen but not like it'll be like this like that kind of and it's not even yeah that's i'm telling you bro like really like the indices i feel like it was just inducement to go along to create these look at everything's gonna go into distro that's what i'm thinking too that's what i'm waiting for i really want to get i was gonna go short like nq is already breaking down
People are getting really excited. Yeah, exactly. I was like, nah, it's getting that feeling in my stomach where I want to go long. That's that retail feeling. Yeah, literally. You have to calm that shit. That urge. Yeah, just write it on the board. Keep it moving. Watch your trading just because oil's going up. It's open. And bonds aren't doing anything.
Oh yeah, Link. Composite operators chart that he keeps posting. That shit's fucking... It's pretty good. I'd be careful with Link shorts personally, but they might hit. 100k or nothing, man. The only thing with Link is you did just get one 15-minute change of character in a four-hour demand zone. The dailies swept nearly all lows.
So you don't really have too much of a daily liquidity target. Weekly, I mean, I guess you could say that's demand. You really haven't. That would be your bear case would be that we're going to go back down here to $4. Jesus Christ. Then you could look at it like that. I mean, and then your daily and four hours, both bearish. You did just get your change of character internal on a daily.
So really, that was right here we just got. So then at that point, you could say, OK, well, maybe the pullback is confirmed to be over. Yeah, look at Adam. I got you. And then you could look for shorts, I guess. But it's just pretty beaten down in the four-hour range, in my opinion, because you're not really at a premium. So at that point, that would be somewhere I'd want a double confirmation.
entry because you're in discount. You did just get a change of character on the 15 minute here with link. I wouldn't say you're bullish necessarily either. I'd be more hesitant to long just because the rest of the market, but just be mindful of your surroundings. Looks like we want to get, we're going to end up getting a flip zone, if anything, with TRX. I like to Bitcoin is what I want to keep my eyes on at this point. Not really much displacement here, not yet at least.
No, no, I don't see a gap. Three minute, no gap. No trade yet. For me at least. Oh, man. So this is one of those situations with TRX. It's kind of odd. We didn't really come up into... I mean, if you look at this as your supply, you broke it. So that supply wasn't respected. Like this wick. And then if you look at this supply, you could say we tapped into this zone. But we left that inefficiency up there. And also these equal highs. Here, Max. Let's see.
They're exactly equal, so you can say that's inducement. I'd personally rather get something from up here in this candle. Not putting a limit here. I'm just seeing what the risk profile is. I hate doing this because I char, but I feel like everyone's like, oh, short, short. Oh, I got right on it. 8352. Sudden alert if these levels are broken. I'm not going to just take that just yet. I really want to keep an eye on Bitcoin here.
No. You need to unmute. Make sure you unmute. That's why I hate putting these things. If you're on the stream, you've got to listen to the audio. It's pointless. The mindset limits here, I'm not really sure yet. I'm waiting for Bitcoin. I see a couple people are deaf, and you're just going to confuse yourself doing that, to be honest. I'd really like one last little push on Bitcoin here. That would honestly bring us to this as well.
I might look for shorts off the 50% of the 15 minute fair value gap. On Bitcoin? Yeah. Yeah, I'm more short biased. I'm not waiting. I just want to wait for this one minute change of character. I just want to see displacement with it too. Yeah, I'm definitely thinking scam pump right now. Especially with the demand weakening as the price continues to go up. More liquidity available.
Oh shit, Cyber Ray, I got you. Where are you? I don't know. I guess there's just been this whole time I'm telling you guys, yeah, talk, guys. Why are you quiet? And you're all just like, yeah, I'm muted. It shows me right now, I'm unmuting A. Rosado, Big Buzz, Dari. It shows me they're muted. Gini, I don't know why you're muted. It's just background noise at some point. But it shows me some people who are muted, but then it doesn't with a lot of people. So it's just confusing.
Feel like me learning shit in a bear market is kind of a good advantage, I guess, for the next fucking run. Yeah, for sure. This is definitely more of a difficult market to trade in.
As long as you have the mentality of short everything after you get out of the bear market, you're good. Try not to have a bias. Yeah, exactly. You just gotta go with wherever the wind takes you. Like, every day, you're Switzerland. You're fucking neutral. That's a good analogy. Yeah. I'm Switzerland every day in the morning. Until I see a displacement candle, then I get my bias. You fucking sound Switzerland.
I do. This boy sounds sweet. Right? I sound like I'm a wealthy motherfucker with free healthcare. Yeah, dude. I love listening to what you have to say, if you're real. I'm going to wait until we have double change of character with this. I mean, I do see the opportunity here. I'll hide that so you can see. I mean, I see it because we have the...
equal highs right here a fair value gap i do like this setup but i want to see what bitcoins we're going to do you want to go sit outside buddy come on i'll put you outside i like this with bitcoin and this four hour candle looks nice it's peep jesus christ that's that's how you can tell money is involved
Big money. That's basically more confluence for me to confirm this is accumulation. Yeah, because that's really all you're looking for is just, you know, manipulation and then huge money entering the marketplace. And there's a lot of telltale signs through volume as well, volume spread analysis.
Now you're opening up another can of worms. They're starting to get the hang of one thing, bro. Who, me? Yes, sir. Buddy, I've been volume spread analysis. I've been volume spread analysis since I learned Wyckoff. Not you.
Everyone else. No, yeah, I'm mad fucking beat right now. And then you got to include the time fractals next. Relax, game fan. Hey, man, the 20-year cycle, man. We end this one right now.
There's one of you. The Ganfan on the chart and separated by Fibonacci sometimes. Make my fucking chart look like Electric Daisy carnival. The shit we used to clown back in the days. Literally, bro. That's what I was just saying when you said the Ganfan. I remember I was watching some shit on it and I was like, wait, this shit actually isn't some troll shit.
Cause it's like, then you're like, what the fuck is this? No, hell yeah, it does. Yeah, exactly.
Point figure if one figures like I Try learn learning point fair. I'm like what the fuck cuz like point figure is part like white cough too, but it's like, okay. Oh Point figure. Yeah, I gotta learn point figure. It's very very very useful. Yeah, I know a guy who uses Yeah, I know a guy who uses point figure and like his shit spot on because you're you're certain up you're like sending him certain like objective goals
What did he say today? Did he say anything today? The long term. I don't know. He's been a little quiet. He said he's been sick lately. I think he's sleeping right now. He's in Australia, isn't he? Yeah. That's Senpai talking. Are you talking about Pac-Man? It's me!
That's like he's very fucking smart He teaches us Dude he knows fucking like GAN box theory and he like he hits timed moves, bro. Oh, it's crazy I put it again box thing. Oh, you put it. Ooh, you want to see him break a structure the downside here?
Uncle of course.
Yeah, bro. At the same time, looking at my fucking schematic again, this could also be a fucking spring after STB. I was thinking it was a spring on Bitcoin because AVAX did the same thing and we're up on AVAX. Well, yeah, because we had an STB and I thought we were going to hit the top of the range, but now this could be a spring and we could still keep ranging between these fucking...
blue boxes again like we up up on on a backs if anybody took those limits i put yesterday
i feel like us 30 is gonna roll over i think we got one more us 30 is sitting in supply i'm waiting for that bearish change of character bro i'm gonna go 10 lot in this bitch what do you play but i think you play internal or do you think oh i'm putting internal the internal range i just wanted to yeah fair value gap and then i could yeah same yeah that's what i'm thinking i'm talking about that's one thing if you're all over one more time yeah
What folder has the GAN theory?
what's it called everything it's trying to get that rounded i need to learn again uh it's called m tops m tops got it
Yeah, this will be perfect because these are all the books he wrote back in the day
Shit, Bitcoin's fucking railing. What are we up? Fucking, oh my god, we're up like 5% in like the past hour. Yeah, I should've hit that fucking... All those orders. I'm a little salty right now. Don't be salty, you can catch the other way. Yeah, I'm just chilling right now where we're at. TRX, I want to see more. They're making a life of Zach and Cody.
No. The reboot? Yeah, and then Chance the Rapper is going to play Mr. Mosby. Oh, what? That's whack. Wait, what is it?
Chance the Rapper's pretty cool, bro. He's a cool man. He's cool, but, you know, Mr. Mosby. Mr. Mosby. I mean, that's cool. He might be religious. I'm already cared about the OG. Sometimes it's kind of uncomfortable how religious he is. Oh, Chance the Rapper. Kind of that thing where it's like, you gotta be like me. No, he doesn't push it on you. He's just like, I don't know how to explain it. You gotta mute him. You'll see.
I'll hit him up right now. Hey, man. What are you doing this Friday? I'll be like, who the fuck are you? Microsoft might get that little fucking changed character. I'll alert. Hopefully. Yo, Kanye's hilarious. He's like, somebody asked him something at the Balenciaga show, and he's like, man, I ain't touched cash in four years. I'm sure.
Confirmed you have Bitcoin. He has Bitcoin confirmed.
I want to see it's just like absolute animated just complete piss on Bitcoin down under this low. I'm not gonna get aggressive and play this internal right here either. I'm gonna wait. It's setting up like I wanted it to. I'll see though. So you know everybody wants to long right now. Yeah, we keep coming in and out of that fair value gap. I might look for shorts here. That's what I'm doing.
want to see um that has me scared right now though is the decreasing supply and volume
I will say, me personally, the only thing I would ever want to use Volume 4 as much is Wyckoff. Because if you use it with supply and demand, you'll get a lot of false signals. On crypto. Not on anything else. Yeah, exactly. Distribution and accumulation. Your indicator is pretty good, though. Oh, the Volume 4 thing I have? I use it to find...
areas of points of interest. You know another good one for that? This one, sorry to interrupt, but the fixed volume profile, like instead of using the volume profile indicator, there's actually a tool you can use. Fixed volume range, it's really good, bro.
yeah i use that tool too i like this tool for the volume shelves yeah i like it better because like visible range on that shit is just in my opinion so fucking redundant because it's like oh i'm just gonna see where the volume is on my screen uh smc shits on the
that in that uh volume shelf indicator is it like a different is it like an actual uh no no like our our concepts oh yeah yeah yeah as far as what we do and if you just look at regular volume and i've tested this before because when you know when i'm trading stocks obviously all of us have a different bias but i would say 90 of the time
levels that are being called out are based on volume shelves and i base them on supply and demand pivot points fractals etc and you know sometimes they're like yeah a volume shelf hit but they're still like
the levels there and then the price went under the volume shelf like three dollars and it's like yeah that was a good level no it wasn't yeah no exactly you know exactly what we're talking about like yeah that wasn't a good level it's one of those things like when you use it in hindsight it's always good but it's like when you really use on the fly it's difficult it'll give a lot of false signals that would be so fucked
Somebody said Bitcoin shorts in the five minute. I don't know. To be honest, I don't even really use the five minute at this point. I won't lie. I don't see whatever you're saying, except maybe this fair value gap. It's probably the 15 as well. But personally, what I'm waiting for is I want price to push below this one minute swing low, like really violently and leave a fair value gap along the way. And then I'm going to wait for price to come back into it. And then that's where we would look to take a short entry.
It's getting to the point where we're getting up into that. Usually I like this setup to happen already, I will say. I usually like to be able to get in. I want to be positioned by 11 most of the time, but it's not going to be a deal breaker not to be. How's my cat doing? Motherfucker's over here making noise.
Oh, muted. Oh, you're good. Why the fuck is everyone muted? Just tell me, any of you guys do not hesitate. If you're muted and you want to talk, just don't hesitate to tell me. I promise there's not a reason most of the time you're muted. Maybe it's like a long time ago that you got server muted or something like that. Yeah. Blow setting up the ETH move. I feel like I've got left of the dirt.
I'm going to fire up the iPad. How do you get fucking Binance to go horizontal on your iPad? I saw you post a picture. Mine will not, bro. Horizontal? Like, landscape view. Landscape view. Like if you turn your iPad sideways.
Or am I crazy? I don't know. I just turned my iPad. Yeah, right? Mine won't do that. You got portrait lock on? No, I don't. Mine won't do it. My Binance never will do it. You got an old-ass version of Binance or something? Probably. I'd be scared to update it. I'm scared to do anything with my fucking Binance. That might be it, because I've had it on here for a good while.
Let's see. Yeah, no, I just turned my iPad. I don't know. This is kind of an older iPad. I think it's a 2016 or 2018. Yeah, no, it's not even. What's up?
I'm saying, bro, my iPad does the exact same thing. I have to pull up the browser because it won't go sideways for shit. You know, it's like, why, bro? Oh, your Binance won't go sideways? It's annoying. Is it up to date? And he's from Texas, so you know he likes it sideways. Is it up to date? Of course. Yeah, definitely. It's up to date for sure. That's mad weird. So I just use the browser whenever. It's kind of retarded.
Yeah, I'm not really seeing. Ethereum's looking strong. Yeah, I don't see any demand here. I might try to short off the 50% of the fair value gap. I should probably wait for a break of structure, though. Yeah, I'm going to. You got a supply in this one-minute inside bar, this little zone. Maybe it's a flip zone, I don't know. Somewhere away over here. It probably is. It may not be a bad idea, but I don't know. That's just personal. I'd probably wait.
Oh, you're in it right now. You're about to hit at least. When I'm unsure of the position, I wait for the 886. It's not a bad strap. So I'm glad we waited on TRX. I see people dumping their mutant apes. Oh, yeah? A couple people have been selling them. Should bring the forward price down. Dude, so I sold an NFT and tell me how I never got the money in my wallet.
Are you sure? Do you have wrapped Ethereum as a token? Yeah. What did you sell it on? I added it yesterday. I sold it on OpenSea. That's weird. It doesn't even reflect the transaction in my wallet. The fuck? Yeah. And what does it say on scan? The money going out to purchase the NFT. And that's about it. What the fuck? That's sus. Super sus.
Do you guys think that smart contracts can be written to do shit like that? Definitely. That's why I'm scared of free mints. Free mints, you can get nice and fucked on those. Free mints, you're agreeing. Let's be real, most of us aren't fluent in solidity.
you can even if you're not you can still identify certain things that are obvious but i mean written well enough you can get eaten alive by just like you know you're signing over basically you can give a smart contract access to your wallet and then a mev bot just fucking drains all your nfts all your tokens sends it to address and it's like you're done nothing you can do that's why i'm like you can i recommend people to use a dgen wallet like have because your metamask you can create a bunch of different wallets on your same
profile and then just use that use one of those like have just like just like enough for gas like you know one to two hundred dollars worth of eth at all times in it and then just you know mint like uh free free mints with that because you don't want to be minting really like you should like have a wallet for degen mints a wallet for regular mints and then a wallet where you hold shit your actual nfts and then another wallet where you hold the eth
And you might spend more. That's if you're like more of like a whale, I guess you'd say, but because you're going to be spending more on gas. But, you know, you got a bunch of fucking bread invested. You cannot be too safe. And like the fucking NFT space is ruthless, bro, with scans. It's like I used to think like rug pulls and shit coins all that were bad, which they are. They're bad, too. But NFTs are like, dude.
Shit sketch. I'm still waiting for all NFTs to go to zero. There's no use case for an NFT. 90% of them are. I think the only use case really is going to be like a token gated community. Mainly, that's really about the only one I really see. And then also like membership of a DAO, but most DAOs are just fucking rug pulls anyways.
I do see... Hey man, one of my nifty's gives me free coffee. There are like cool nifty ones like that, but it's like... That's utility. Like, I just feel like the value has to be correlated with... Real. Yeah. There was like the Cannabis Club one where people like got like free an eighth a month or some shit like that. Something stupid. Some nids. Big one's strong.
Wants to be. I'm going to be very conservative here. I think we just dipped into what is this? What supply was this? I don't know what this was from. Oh, this is what you were talking about earlier, Senpai. Weren't you? I think somebody was. The supply up here. Bitcoin. All right. Where are we talking about? Oh, like a three, five minute redistribution zone. That's right above. Up in here. Yeah. You can look up here as well. So those highs.
uh we just uh we're within the 15 minute fair value gap and we i guess we did tap into that like five minute redistribution zone supply zone that we created basic this is just like more and more just make me want to trade fucking indices and forex because crypto is fun and shit but it's just like um
You try to use, like, you can, like, supply and demand on that shit would be smacking on crypto, but when you try to use, like, more advanced, like, ICT setups, like, a lot of times they just don't, like, the price action's too choppy where it doesn't, like, return to where you need it to or, like, one wick that'll kind of throw it off type shit.
For a while there, it was fucking following indices to a T. Ooh, we're about to get 11 o'clock closed. Yeah, London closed. I did close. Motility coming in, baby. Yeah, exactly. That's why I want to see, usually I like seeing it come in leading up to it, like we did see it, but I usually like the confirmation that happened before 11, but that is what it is.
I got a kind of shitty fill on my shorts. Oh, you took shorts already? That EQ? I got put in at 29.395. Send my chart real quick. I see it. There's supply and just that imbalance getting filled. Looks like the real supply in Tron was in this wick if it holds. Double inducement. I'm going to wait until we get a flip zone. Breakdown from this demand right here.
These shorts could fail, but this looks like a UTAD to me. Up thrust after distribution. Yeah. I mean, even the one minute's almost kind of looking like a little bit of a distribution. Is that what you're saying right here? Yeah, the one minute would be redistribution. You have your low time frame accumulation. Down below. Forms into a distribution pattern. Exactly. Which is redistro. It's like the flavor of Bitcoin lately is redistro.
Are the Wickoff schematics easier to spot on lower timeframes or higher timeframes, or it just doesn't really fucking matter? You don't look for schematics. You basically read volume and spread.
I just memorized what all the schematics look like, but it's all about reading into volume because distribution is they're basically either releasing supply into the market, which is going to make price go down, or they're buying up a bunch of positions, which would be absorbing supply for price to go up.
But that's like your more advanced concept, right? You were talking about that earlier. Yeah. A lot of people in Playbit try to just match schematics to their charts, and that's just not how it works. You gotta understand what it's telling you. Because Wyckoff just isn't about schematics.
I hate schematics, honestly, because I feel like it causes so many people to get just turned off from that whole... Because I feel like everybody, when they first hear about smart money, it's like Wyckoff. And they look at Wyckoff, and they try to force these schematics to work with price action, and then it doesn't work, and they're like, oh, fuck this.
But it's like you got to really develop an understanding of like what the story, you know, what is smart money. It's all about just identifying true manipulation, like on the bigger picture.
Personally, I like Wyckoff. I kind of like more or less eyeball Wyckoff on the lower time frames. I won't get all deep into it, but I will use it in confluence. You know what I mean? If I'm in a point of interest for shorts, I'm like, okay, I would look like distribution on the one minute. Or especially there for a while, those like April, like all the fucking... It was just like redistribution. It was like...
Four hour redistribution, one hour redistribution, 15 minute redistribution. Like it was like a fucking roller coaster, bro. And I was using it like those SKL shorts we caught. I used it with that. That was kind of like my confluence to take those because I just set those limits and woke up and they were fucking gone. Bro, you know what I'm scared of? A fucking tire coming out of nowhere and hitting me. A what? A tire. Like driving?
driving or just sitting anywhere. Do you know how common that is? What video did you just watch? Is it an amazing car? I know it happens, but I don't think it's common. It is common. Think about how many cars there is on the road. And if you're thinking it's not common, you got tripping. You just saw some damn video or something, didn't you? Go look up. You could go look at it. This dude definitely just fucking smoked.
Nah, I'm not. I haven't smoked. This dude's so high right. He's like, you know what fucking sucks, bro? Random ass tires coming out of nowhere. What if it's just sitting on the fucking park and the tire just comes flying in? I don't see the video with like 10 people just sitting there and out of nowhere. Boom, the tire.
If it was common, we need to recall all the cars that just have tires flying off the fucking handle. That's like Final Destination shit right there. They usually fly off because of the... What's it called? By the way, I don't know how... I literally woke up in the middle of the goddamn morning.
The crypto just pissing. What was that? Someone explain. Now. I think that the news, like the GDP news that came out at like 8.30 affected everything pretty rough. That's fucking nutty. We about to... It's about to be good. Everything's setting up for shorts. Yeah, I'm just waiting. I just got to alert that Dogecoin's at 17 cents. I was like, wait.
What's going to suck is whenever I get off here at 12, that'll be your guys' signal that we're going to say something because I'm going to go to the gym and then everything is just going to play out exactly how I waited all morning. I may hop back on afterwards. Usually if I don't catch a trade in the morning, I'll try to catch one in the afternoon. How are stocks today? I mean, I know how the market is. I'm buying puts right now.
Nice. What's DXY doing? Oh, it's down here. I was like, why didn't it change? Oh, that sketch, look at that. That's a one minute, never mind. Damn it. 2015. DSY looking mad, sus. Like sketch, you could see a huge pump from the dollar soon. And using internal structure, of course, you got a 4-hour change of character. You're back into the 4-hour demand.
15-minute you really haven't gotten the swing structure change, but you did get internal structure change. That's what we want for our shorts. Not really much of a swing confirmation, be aggressive, but it'd be nice if Bitcoin would make another high right here, and that would give that tight structure where we could, we wouldn't have to see such a wide range, like if we could clear out that high, I don't know if it'll happen, because like JL was saying, it could be just an upthrust after distribution, but wouldn't be surprised to see it.
The dollar looks like it wants to fly right here. I'm not going to lie to you guys. How are you? How? How are you serving me? I just don't get that. I guess it's something. Somebody said something to do with cookies. I unmuted you, but I don't know why it does that. Yeah, I had to close the stream for a second. Back and work. That's weird. I wonder if it's something to do with like VPNs or something. I don't know. I mean, I don't know. That wouldn't make sense. I'd be muted all the time. Oh my God. Those fucking goblin NFTs hit 2.5 ETH.
Dude, that's just, I almost literally, I tried to mint them and they had already minted out. They're a free mint, dude. Oh, damn. Free mint. And you could have minted, I think you either could have mint eight or ten of them. Wow. Yeah, but then that just goes back to what we were just fucking talking about, though, with those smart contracts and free mints and shit.
Wait, what happened? The fucking Goblin Town NFT, they were free mint. It was like a meme NFT, talking about the NFT bear market. They were a free mint, and you could mint them for, I think the gas, the contract was optimized to where you paid around $8 in gas per mint. You could mint 10 of them. And guess what they went to?
Oh, they went to 2 Ethereum. Yeah, 2.5 ETH. Yeah, Nick had a bunch of them. Yeah, that's a fucking W. I tried to mint them. I should have just bought them on secondary, but I don't really have much. I haven't really been playing NFTs as much lately. I'm probably going to load a little bit of ETH back in the MetaMask here soon. Just take some pros from futures and ape into JPEGs. I'm going to scan around a little bit.
It's the highest change on the day. Wrong way. Tomo. Fucking maker's flying. Tomo would want more structure to form. Same with CTK after it cleared that. Damn, we should have watched that earlier. All right, let's see if it gave really much of an entry. It did. CTK's price action was fucking cleaner than Bitcoin's. Should have just stayed on that. Surprising, honestly. So that's what we'd want to see happen, ideally. Right there. Or he gave another entry right there.
This down here. So we plotted this last night. So we came back down into this zone right here like we were talking about. I thought I sent fucking alerts for that, but I didn't. No, I did up here. I guess they just got triggered and didn't realize. That's always fun. Didn't sand get put on Coinbase today, right? I think it did. So yeah, right now I'm going to watch TRX. Sand looks like it could set up. I wanted to come back up into this actual zone though.
i'd just be looking to take this down like this demand really bitcoin trx and sand what i'm watching i'm not sure what that was from that original entry x would have been nice to be honest it just shows the supply is in control here what i'm looking for now is a break down below this low and then um try to find a poi that's in premium of this this leg of price
i think bitcoin's about to break down yeah i do too and i'm gonna be really really sad if this happens when i go to lunch because i'm following like a strict schedule because i spend like i'm trying to get a lot of different projects done what is this oh yeah it got its internal already i want to wait for the your entry yeah i mean if you use internal yeah but i'm trying to get a swing structure entry
Oh, I see what you mean. Yeah, I see it for sure. Really, because you get right here, bam, double break of internal structure, and then you would get in right here at that. So I see it, but I'm just going to be a little bit more patient with it. Oh, I want to say...
i want to say actually no wait we just swapped bearish yeah we could have actually gone off that one minute internal that's our structure today we swapped uh we broke that 15 minute internal structure that we were in from 28.6 to 31.5 right here so that's when you can start thinking bearish i don't know if uh i told you this but i came up with this theory once i started to get really more into market structure it's kind of like a thing you can keep in mind
is once you realign yourself with the higher time frame structure so say if you're like on the say you're bearish on the daily the one hour like we are in bitcoin right now which means the 15 minute once that swaps bearish if you get a one minute change of character um bearish change of character that could uh basically indicate like that your your pullback is over yeah the top is in yeah no 100 that would that could be your possible like new strong uh high
Yeah, if you go all the way down and like you said if you get the 15 minute internal usually a 15 minute internal is Not always but usually a one minute break of swing and then once you get that one minute internal
at the return to origin of that or just a double like in this situation you had that that's tron you had that yeah so that means we're realigned with everything there uh so because now that the 15 minute is bearish we're realigned with the hourly so five minute and one minute uh one minute structure bearish would be like entry like times
So using the confluence of the supply, the fair value gap, and the one minute change of character, this might actually be like sniper entry for tops. Personally, I don't see the 15 minute yet change of internal structure.
change of internal structure is that what you're saying oh no i thought you were saying because like if we're in 15 depending on how you draw swings which you could look at this as a change of character i mean i would look at this as a swing pullback so you got like but you could be expecting a a um pullback after this break of structure so then you could look for at that point if i was going to do it like that like what you're saying i would want the 15 minute to shift bearish which would be this inside bar right here
Here, I'll show you where we switched bearish. On the one minute we got that double change of internal structure was where we really switched, like right here. Can you see my stream? Hold on. I've got to make Discord bigger. Let's see. Let me just hide all of this three real quick. Alright, can you see my stream? Yeah. Let's see. Where did I put the structure? Oh, not this one.
ah right here it's gonna be over here to the left like what is this 28 6 something all right so right here um we were bearish let's see all the way down to yeah all the way down to the hourly let me hide this so daily we actually just created a new low our previous high was 52k but we broke
I believe, yeah, we broke this structure to the downside here, so this makes this our new daily swing house, so our daily is bearish. Oh yeah, the daily four hour are both bearish. We could start to pull back here and do what I said where we come up back to this equilibrium if we have a spring action STV, but basically the daily is bearish, so if we go down to the four hour, the...
everything within the daily let's see where's the daily swing high all right so now our swing down there like this is great here yeah we're my change of characters we broke this structure to the downside our four hour change of character is here so the four hours uh bearish yeah so if we come all the way down to the one hour
this is where our last break of structure was on the hourly um from this low to this low so this would be our high that needs to get broken to swap bullish so once we flip this zone and had her change of character if i come down to the 15 minute because it's a 15 minute zone um
once we come down to the 15 minute this is our zone right there so flip zone charge now bitcoin is bullish because we're either beginning a pullback or reversal so now we're in reversal mode so now we can start thinking bullish structure so this break a structure that comes here this makes our high so this would become our strong low for this swing um technically we had a well we did have a pullback here so this would be our last um our last internal loan
so all of our structure is the hold on uh yeah so everything between this looks about right i think
okay yeah sorry so this was a high and this high got broken here yeah i was gonna say the one i had was yeah this is what i was looking for so this becomes our swing high and this over here becomes or sorry this becomes our swing high and this one becomes our swing low right so everything that we just did in between here is all internal structure right because this 15 minute is still bullish this is where bitcoin is still bullish
until this very morning until we finally broke the low of the range because all of this because it never came and took out this strong low all of these lows right here all of these highs right here is just internal structure well on the one hour now that we correct so now that we just broke this 15 minute to the downside right here and now we're reversing that means we can start to think bearish because now we're in bearish structure so this 15 minute is swapped bearish so because we broke structure here we take
our nearest high of the range so it would be here this would be our new low um and this is the low that got taken out so this is the highest point so now this is our bearish structure right but you'd expect a pullback there
All right, so now... And you're far in discount. So that's why I want to wait. That's pretty much what I have too, except the 15 minute, in my opinion, has changed a couple times in between there. But if I'm going to short, I want to have double confirmation or displacement entry. Because yes, I definitely agree, but I also see the fact that we're heavily...
and discount within that range. And we just experienced the break of structure. So I would assume the pullback. So that means from here to here, basically here to here, I'll just go here. This would be our five-minute change of character. So now we're in retracement mode. So now we're in five-minute pullback mode. Exactly. So now our 15-minute is bearish.
Right, so using that logic we could...
because see like if you look at bitcoin one minute that um i see exactly what you're saying and i would take like entries like that more aggressively if we weren't so far in a discount on the higher time frame no you're right that's the only thing that gets stopped out that's the only because i see it equilibrium is um our new equilibrium is here so everything above here is premium because right now it's like right in that one minute supply of that second change of character so we could basically
I could do this if we wanted to. That's what I want. But I want to take an entry that's like... Because one thing I've used now is if I'm trading with my high time frame bias, I'll take more aggressive entries. And that can go beyond whether we're bearish or bullish. We can do bearish, but if I'm playing shorting every... For instance, if we go from bearish on the one hour and we break a structure and then we get in retracement mode, I might play...
I guess you'd say the retracement of that retracement, but I'll be much more conservative with the entries I take. That makes, you know what I'm saying? Like, right. Like I see it for sure. A hundred percent. Like it's really, it's sitting where what I would think is, is wait like that entry right now, but I would want to wait personally. It just all goes back to like, that's one thing that's nice about using all of these concepts is there's so many different, like, it's like, there's the same.
perspective and there's like a correct and wrong way to look at like the actual structure but then there's so many ways you can like utilize that to your strategy you know what i'm saying yeah so we want to wait for the five minutes to swap bearish again then because yeah if we're within this bearish uh range right here we are sitting deep in discounts so coming back up to maybe here ote wait and i think that was the top of this range that we just or that i had just drawn
that would be where the ideal shorts were like i see him like i want to short bitcoin here too i don't 100 do but i want to wait until we break swing structure instead of internal because the supply zone might not be enough especially because of all these equal highs that we have right here at 29 like nine yeah and also this could be a bunch of liquidity the notion that we're in accumulation there'd be a this could probably be liquidity right here too
Yeah, this could be nice liquidity here too. It actually makes sense to almost come back up to 30.5 Fuck
We shall see. I may have entered shorts too early. I see them, though. Don't get me wrong. I definitely see them. For instance, if I were taking that, the way I would have taken them, they would have probably just got stopped or about to be, depending on the pip. Depending on how many pips you use. If I was going to do it like that, I would go for two internal changes of character. I guess you'd say an internal lower high.
play that that's how i would take it but see it's just blasting through that's how i would take it usually but i'm just fucking very i'm trying to be very patient here i want to see for me to enter i'm playing more of like a liquidity entry than supply and demand here i would want like a very heavy displacement to the downside and then enter on that gap that pushes down there but other than that i'm i'm hesitant to short most stuff like except certain alts like alts are a little different like like for instance
I'll still play like the change of character and stuff on like maybe Bitcoin or not Bitcoin, but sorry, TRX and sand. But I do want more for this like scalp on Bitcoin, just because like you said, I think we're probably I think we're going to pull back. But I also am very wary of that. A huge amount of demand that just came into the market. And if you look in the 15 minute, depending on how you map swing structure.
Bitcoin switch bull over here on the 15 minute, not the hour, but the 15 minute, and then it got violated here. So you would say, okay, well, now I guess you'd say this is your high and this is your low. So on the 15 minute...
you would look more like we're in premium than the hour. But the high time frame, I always try to go more with the higher, like at least a four hour. Because one thing I honestly stopped doing, personally, that one hour fucking throws, they used to throw me off like a motherfucker.
Like the one hour with Bitcoin at least. Like for swing structure, it's good. But for anything else, it's thrown me off like too many times. Because I used to do, I'd play like five minute change of character in a one hour supplier demand. And then I'd play 15 minute within a four hour. But I kept finding that almost always those one hour POIs were also 15 minute POIs. And then the five minute change of character, you'd not get as good of an entry as you would with one minute. So I try to use like monthly, weekly, daily, four hour.
15 minute, one minute. And then if I'm playing intraday like liquidity, I'll use like one through five minute. But that's just for like gaps. I'm not even trying to play any kind of supplier demand, anything like that, any structure, because most of the time the actual swing structure through those timeframes is on the one minute as well. But I like using the other timeframes for liquidity.
If you use the top entry on this, you'd have got a nice little, because I guess you could really say, so if this internal, you had, this is interesting, it's kind of choppy, because that really wasn't lower, I don't think, than this. Was it? No, it wasn't. So you'd say, yeah, like I had it before.
right there that was your low because you produced a new high cleared up that then this candle produced a new low so it'd be your first high then you came down and had that second internal move to the downside right there this is nice how many people are in stream today i like it what's up glacier
it's pop how you doing how you doing chilling chilling hell yeah i'm in the fucking gym right now i was gonna say where you at say where you've been the sunroom at the new crib yeah i'm in the gym oh yeah you got the slides on you know it
If you look at this, JL, look at that. That's why Bitcoin's like max pain, bro. Because really, the way you would have played this, if you were playing internal, you would have been like, okay, internal. If you played the first entry, you would have been better off playing the confirmation that flipped whatever, I guess. I wouldn't even call it a flip zone. It would have been this candle up here. That's what I'm saying. I see the entry, but I'm just going to be a little bit more conservative with it.
oh no i thought the uh you have the inside bar indicator don't you yeah i thought that inside bar i thought that was um i thought that was like a structural pullback so that's where you could have had a that's where i had my change of character marked that very first inside bar that went to that like all right you're talking about way over here yeah right yeah no yeah that very first inside bar that's where i put my change of character so that's why i took the short you would have had supply here and then the second would have been really you would have got second
But I didn't, I don't have the inside bar indicator. So I saw it as a little minor pullback. I like it. I like it just for internal structure. And then also on high timeframes, it'll help you peep out like flip zones. Like for instance, like a four hour flip, almost, almost always I've noticed is going to be able to be refined to a 15 minute zone. And you'll be able to note that because all the inside bar really is, is just if you have an inside bar in the 15 minute, well, that's a one minute range.
inside behind the four hour that's a 15 minute range i'm interested to see how this uh luna 2.0 goes luna classic well i don't understand like
I almost want to throw like $100 to degen in it. But that's like, it's literally gambling. That's what Playbit said. Dewey said throw $100 in it and come back and check it in a month. Yeah, it's like, you know. But just take it like you're taking a sports bet because you basically are. Like some Luna 2.0. Like expected to go to zero. Because it's funny.
i can't make myself do it though it's like i just can't i can't believe people are still why are people trading that i just don't understand it's like so mind-blowing idiocracy to me dude what's funny is um like i was looking at it just like for the fuck of it like whenever it was first like you know dying and it was hilarious first happening yeah you put your money in ust you make bread
People are still chasing it. They're like, I'm going to put $1,000 in there. And then it's like $100 now. Yeah. I know fucking Brody. Brody put fucking like $100 or $300. It went to like $3,500, bro.
Yeah. I was like, of course, the one thing I didn't do. As long as you took your money right away. Yeah. Because I know Hood did it, and I was telling Hood not to. I was like, nah, bro, fuck that. Yeah, same. I was telling people not to, and then they were like, fuck you, bro. You're an investor, bro. Investors don't do that. This is like a good jail. Dude, that inside bar thing's fucking heat, bro. Oh, my God. Yeah, I know. I'm watching it on your screen, bro. That's so fire. This is looking nice. That shit's clean. It's looking nice here, because I like how you reacted off EQ of this.
right here that initial just first first shift yeah and the more confluence i had was like i said the 15 minute fair value gap algo taught me that uh if there is zones within your like fair value gap uh they're they're more likely to hit oh yeah that supply zone within the fair value yeah because you're basically just like you need at least two confluences you need structure plus liquidity structure plus demand but you know for max confluence you can use all three but um
My thing is, if I'm against the high time frame, whether it's counter trend or if it's not priced where I want it to be, like discount or premium, I use double confirmation entry or I'll use an ICT entry. If it's pro, with everything, I'll take that risk entry. I take less trades now doing that, but it is what it is. TRX is about to give us...
ICT style fibs are magical once you learn how to mark up swing points properly. Yeah. That 70.5 is insane. Oh, yeah. I turn it off and on. I have a template for it, but it just depends. I find myself using it less. For instance, with flip zones, I use it. For instance,
if i'm like confused draw it on fair value gaps oh yeah that that as well i need to make these lines thinner i just started like i i just found myself starting to use them even more now they like they react really really well especially in fair value gaps i haven't i haven't used them like for entries in fair value gaps but i have uh i like this right here i have seen them you can throw them on your zones
You like on your actual supply and demand zones? Yeah, like I've thrown them on supply and demand zones. Like 70.5 is like, I guess like super deep discount. Yeah, I like 7.9 too. Yeah. So now if we get this confirmation, we'll see. I'm looking more towards these TRX shorts. We'll see though. I like how it's forming this kind of tight price structure where we, is that right? Oh, fuck. No.
Really? Fuck my undo up. Again. What is this? 0.08363. Still haven't got this break of structure to the downside yet. This could change. If this moves heavily and we get maybe one of these zones that we have another zone where there's displacement or inducement below it. But for now, I'm just going to mark this up. See where we go with it. I'm just not too, too convinced of anything just yet. Back to that later.
I'm gonna hide this for the people that are watching. What the fuck are people talking about? Oh, hell yeah, thank you. My girl made me that fruit parfait with the yogurt and the honey. That's that energy right there. That's that before gym energy. Exactly. Oh yeah, it is about that time. I just realized that. You guys can't hear me eating, correct? Or can you? I'm gonna assume no, because I have my mic moved away.
If you're going to see Bitcoin react to the zone, it's going to be here. You just swept those highs. It's crazy how fast time goes by when you're watching charts. So insane. I feel like we've been on stream for four hours. Getting that inside bar on Bitcoin, if you close it. No, never mind, there it goes. I was going to say if you close it, that'd be a nice sign for a pullback. That's why I want to wait on shorts. I just don't trust it yet.
Another thing with internal in the one minute is we've switched like, this is where it can get confusing. Like the only one that I really care about necessarily is really this one. If you want to get specific, the first, first one was like this candle right here, one of these lows, high, and then you had your internal shift in character.
so that's as long as you don't really violate that that that perspective is still valid but i know a lot of people can get like when i first learned internal structure it confused me a lot dude my fucking brain was melting after i watched photon dude like hopped on the charts and i started to try and break down internal structure 100 in my opinion the hardest thing to learn about
When you're fresh, like, once you get it, though, it's like super... It's like riding a motorcycle or something. I mean, like, it's easy. But until you can get it, you're like, oh, fuck. Crypto's gonna do that thing it loves doing to me. It's gonna wait until I leave my desk to do what I need. I don't know. I think that TRX is not really worried about it. I think we'll get a nice opportunity on it. If we can get that double confirmation. I just want to see these lows breached before we get back up in this zone.
We will have a new one. Stand is fucking railing again. Was it going back up and giving us that high? Yep, it did. Stand has been... I wish I would have caught these fucking longs. I said alerts, and then it just happened. I don't know. I swear I didn't get the alerts for that. I did, I guess, but it didn't show up on my phone. That's the only frustrating thing about having, like, trading you on multiple devices is you only get alerts on one of them.
Yeah, sometimes I get them on my phone and sometimes I don't. It's weird. Yeah, it's frustrating for sure. There's a double confirmation entry right there. Yeah, fuck. Very clean. This is a good example of why I don't like playing first entries sometimes. Look at that. If you played, you really probably never got one minute, but especially if you played a 15 minute, it's completely blasted through you. It's like, oh, we've got to change a character in the whatever. But it's not really with the...
the overall trend, in my opinion. It'd be great if we'd form some equal highs, or not equal, but relative highs here and move to the downside, but we'll see how it happens. What's good old Bitcoin doing? Not too much. Another thing I will say, too, is not always, but oftentimes, if you want to watch around 1 to 1.30, because...
Let's say if we had a really bullish move in the morning like we did, you want to watch for that same setup, like a liquidity raid, the downside. And then if you start to see signs of reversal, the upside, you need to be careful with shorts because a lot of times that move that the morning produces, that same standard deviation on indices, not with Bitcoin as much as the same standard deviation, but that same move will happen again. Not always. You can't play off that, but you need to keep it in mind.
I still want to short Bitcoin, so we'll see how that plays out. I think the supply is getting absorbed right here. God, this would be perfect. Can we get a four-hour closure finally? I think right now, right? Let's go. Yeah. I was waiting for four-hour closure because that would put in that 27.9K low liquidity.
Well, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I'm going to head to the gym. I'm honestly probably going to hop back on stream with you guys. I don't know if you guys, you'll probably still be in here, but I'll hop back on in like an hour and a half, an hour, something like that. And we'll see if we can catch some moves in the afternoon. For those of you that are still going to stay here, I'm watching.
at TRX. You guys know already who have been here for a while watching TRX and Bitcoin. Those are my two. That's where my focus is at currently. But until I get back, stay safe. I personally don't really trade too much through lunch. But yeah. Anyways, I'll see you guys in a little bit. Peace. Peace.
