What's up, what's up? I'm going to give everybody a couple minutes to get in here. First off, I've been messing around with the fixed volume profile range. I'm not really going to use it yet to trade off of it. More still, it's study because I haven't used it, back tested it, and it hasn't really proven to me that I'm using it correctly or that I would like to incorporate it in my style. But I know, again, forgive me, those of you who are versed with this, I kind of started tinkering around with it.
I saw this imbalance. I actually had this plotted before I put the VPR on.
I noticed that this low volume area within the value area, I'm pretty sure, someone correct me if I'm wrong, but a lot of people use these as areas they would look for a reversal or a mitigation. But it's interesting how it lined up with that imbalance. It's very inefficient price action right there. And that's what the term I'm pretty sure people use is, inefficient price action for this strategy. So this morning, we kind of have a little bit of a weird...
divergence with NOS and yes now with this gap like that
After the news yesterday and GDP was bad, you know, originally we'd wanted to drop into this. You know, we came into the market with a bullish daily bias on Monday, which the daily bias was correct. We didn't meet to our target, which, you know, it's okay. But now that I see that we're gapping down like this, I mean, it's pretty clear to me that ES is drawing towards this low overall. I'm not saying we have to hit that today or anything, but it seems like that is the draw on the daily chart right now.
And this agrees a little bit more with the weekly chart. We have this pretty bearish impulse swing range where we came back to a premium, took out the equal highs. And after that, you would look to seek external liquidity. So it seems like the overall bearish momentum may be kind of in charge right now, if you will. So whenever we have a large range like this,
Always look for at least one side of liquidity to be taken. Once we form a massive range like this, you could play the internal liquidity, target the external, go with order flow because it's obviously pretty bearish, and then target the sell side. If you look, price did not come to a premium though. Let me see. I'm going to draw this volume profile range on... Look at that right there up in these imbalances. Where is the imbalance exactly?
Seems like there's one. This has already been dug into a little bit. I'm sure if we go to like a five minute, we can refine it. Actually, not really. This one's not as clean as NOS. I mean, that's honestly, in my opinion, that's kind of been recently in entirety that ES hasn't been as clean as NOS, but I might be biased because I like trading NOS.
I see that zone right there as some form of interest because it's the last bit of, now if we move this range, this is our range now, and it's really the last bit of internal liquidity at a premium. If we're looking for price to deliver into these lows, we could see these early shorts stopped out, come back and mitigate these orders within this fair value gap, and then proceed down to the draw. Again,
That's a stretch to say we're going to go all the way up here. But if we did go up there, that would be optimal entries for sales if market structure agreed. So this morning on NASDAQ, what I saw was a nice little power of three on the lower timeframes is what I'm anticipating. We'll see if it plays out. Or you could say market maker buy. But what I saw was an accumulation of orders.
above the sell side liquidity over here. So if you're thinking like, you know, a market maker, well, after a massive dump like that, a lot of people try to buy the dip. Well, where's their stop loss gonna be? Right there. Pretty easy one, if you ask me. You never wanna have your stops at such an obvious area.
So after we come under that low, and back to the accumulation theory, we look at this as orders accumulating on top of this, as in the fact that people are trying to buy support. A lot of people are looking to go long in the morning, and we got a little bit of a momentum, manipulated some buyers, and then we come under that level. So this is what we would look at as manipulation.
So in this process, we come out under those old lows and we see a nice displacement upside. Shifted market structure with displacement price returns the fair value gap. And then we start to see orders being distributed up to breakout buyers moving to the upside. Or if we see shorts get stopped out. Now, ideally, what I would like to see is a push up to this set of equal highs, the lower time frame. And it's also a 15 minute fair value gap.
Really, you could come just up to here or nothing at all. It looks pretty weak here. This is kind of just, it's counter daily bias because ES does look like it wants that low.
You know, it's kind of a lower probability that it will run farther, you know, because this distribution, a lot of people, when you draw it, it does always look higher. And a lot of times it takes out this, the accumulated liquidity up here, but sometimes it doesn't make it all the way up there. And it does come back into the range like we see here. It's the lunchtime too. So we're probably going to see a little bit of liquidity buildup within this period.
Or we might get a massive move. Who knows? Lunch has been pretty crazy lately. But another thing, too, with this setup is the time that it happened at. Ideally, you want to see this setup happen around 10 a.m., 10 to 10.30 most of the time. I mean, the setup is there. If you're playing, it was counter daily bias. If you're taking into account that ES has that daily low right there. Well, NOS did take it out the daily, this low over here.
Yeah, it could drag it down. We see it pushed down into this area. Because overall, I mean, after that kind of display from the downside, you know, and that's reacting this morning this way, seems like the higher time frames are in effect and we might just be drawing towards the major sell side liquidity at the very low. Because we look at the...
overall range, you know, we definitely have came back into a premium. We definitely have mitigated internal liquidity. So that would seek us to look for external liquidity with the institutional structure, which obviously has been down. Overall order flow is still bearish through all of this, right? There's nothing been changed. And I think everybody kind of knows that.
So look at crypto. I actually have not even opened the chart today. I think crypto is wanting this low over here. I could be wrong, but that's kind of what I'm looking for on crypto. Under that area would be potential longs. But again, we just want to make sure that the price action is agreeing with that. You don't want to just force the long narrative until you have one because it very well could not play out. So in the daily chart, I mean, again,
The daily chart, this impulse move we have right here, while there is that unmitigated imbalance up here, price is just still showing that it's drawing down. So when we've got this massive liquidity pool here, if anything, I think it would be better to wait for a good short entry and then target that. Honestly, Bitcoin 8.30 AM entry would have been pretty fucking nice right there. I mean, the entry itself, actually, I mean, you could look at it.
I don't know if I would have played that. That's another reason why I don't really day trade Bitcoin as much because it's a little sloppy. I mean, in hindsight, it's easy to... Actually, it didn't even take that low. Never mind. Yeah, I definitely wouldn't have played that. In hindsight, it's always easy to see potential entries. But when you're watching it, it kind of, for me, I don't really like the lower timeframe price action. But overall, I'd like to see a little push-up, at least on indices.
I guess one could have looked at a breaker entry maybe or something like that. Oh yeah, that would have been nice in the five minute. And that's another thing with crypto. I've noticed that trading the five minute oftentimes a little bit better. So once price took those stops, price moved down under it, waited for it to come back up into that breaker. That would have been the better opportunity. And I don't really trade breakers too, too much. Didn't come up to the body.
I've never really been a big breaker guy. They do work nice, and I've been backtesting them and seeing some nice setups based around them, but I have yet to really implement them in a strategy. Profit-taking coming in two lives. Yeah, see, the breaker move, I can't say I already even caught it had I been watching. What's NQ doing? Yeah, not showing much strength, to be honest.
And again, I think the reason for that is that ES is just so close to this low. So that's just acting as a magnet right now on price. This morning's price action wasn't really the greatest either, in my opinion, especially this chop right here. What's DXY doing? I don't like to DXY much today either. It's not showing much sign of letting up. I think that this is all at some point, I mean, call me crazy, but I think all this is going to get cleared.
At some point. That could be far off. And a lot of times, too, we don't have the best days after some volatile news. You'll just see some chop, chop around, and then...
Not really any great entries. I was thinking that we dropped a strap. Yeah, I could definitely see that. I think the best entry in indices was looking at this. This right here was the entry this morning. And I've been noticing that. I might start trading more pre-market because I've noticed two times this week the entries were pre-market. Like Monday and then today, the entry was definitely pre-market, in my opinion. That was as clean as could be.
It's right after 8.30 volume spike too. Yeah, Monday was good. I can't really say it gave an entry though, to be quite honest, on the one minute. I probably wouldn't have got that. Unless you just market it on the displacement break. I think Monday a lot of times too, you'll see a better entry pre-market because the overall purpose of Mondays a lot of the time is just generating liquidity for market makers to use later on. It's super weak here.
Whenever we see this for a price, it gives that confirmation that at least these stops are being bought up and it's short lived. A lot of times it's just showing that the overall narrative is still bearish. So if we fall down under this and we'll see what the PM brings, but I'm not really digging today. Again, I just think that it's going to be down to this low and that's kind of ruining the party, if you will. Not really ruining it, but you get what I mean.
But pretty inefficient overall. I mean, price didn't even return to a premium of this move. Did come to this fair value gap, but didn't get anywhere close to a premium. So I don't think there was really any high probability sales as far as anything. I mean, you could have taken this, but as we've looked back over, there wasn't really a clean entry. It kind of just hit that fair value gap. As soon as it gave it a shift in market structure, it never turned back.
I really wanted to see indices move up. They still might, but that was what I wanted to get a short opportunity was at least something up in this area. I mean, at least the morning impulse move premium. Even these highs would be nice. Okay, so there's a gap at 3,700. Crack it and then up. Where is it? This thing down here. Yeah, potentially that could be an idea. I mean, if we got that far, I would just go for the lows. If anything, I could see a potential.
Maybe a move down here. Maybe into like this imbalance and then come down and take the lows. Something along those lines. I think whenever we're looking at this from the bigger picture, you know, the external structure is clearly fucking bearish. And we came back to a premium. We cleaned out a lot of internal liquidity, these highs.
And then this fair value gap. So we've mitigated that. So now we look for price to come down and clean out all this. You know, it's not going to just be one straight shot. I mean, it kind of has been in a way, but you'll see this right here. You know, we take out a low, bear market rally, mitigation, push down. So you could see something of that nature under this low potentially, you know, because everybody's going to want a short right here. It's going to be really close to these lows. It comes up, cleans out all the shorts, back to it.
Then whenever you see these entry models that usually if the day was bullish, you know For instance, you got that market structure shift under the old low. I don't know what that's a fib and You know prices failing to really show much action if it comes back down and just continues lower Then I'll probably just chill on the day as for Bitcoin
And again, once we have this kind of just this mess, it's better, in my opinion, sometimes to just let everything clean up a little bit. Or at least, like for me, I want at least, if I'm going to do anything, I want to do it with this move. And I would like to do it from, well, actually, Bitcoin did come to a premium. I guess I was just sleeping on it. That breaker entry might have been the move. If indices can come up, up into this area, that'd be just amazing because we could get a nice little short opportunity.
I've been using this for my, or not this one, a darker rectangle for the fair value gap. Yeah, so the four hour, to be honest, this is just me personally, I don't really use the four hour a whole lot for indices. I mean, it's a good, what's it called? A good timeframe. Sorry, I was reading something. But for indices, for me, I like the intraday timeframes and then just the daily better.
But I just like the daily because you can see the open and close gaps. Yeah, another thing I wanted to go over was this week's power of three on the weekly time frame. You see we came up early and it's pretty choppy because we had news. We came up on Tuesday and put that high of the weekend, just like we've talked about quite a few times now.
Or what we're anticipating. Who knows? Maybe we blast all this today and tomorrow. But something in me doubts that will happen. But we move violently away from that weekly open. Usually around Wednesday, which we did with the high impact news driver. And then we shouldn't see a return back to it. But I mean, there's no, you know, nothing is ever for certain. But that's why I was really liking this zone for potential shorts. Because we'd come up, clean out all these early shorts, which we still could do. Showing some strength here now.
But you know, I think a lot of people are shorting especially once you break down everybody's gonna short down here There's a lot of selling you can stop that at their long so that it gives them, you know Institutions an opportunity potentially if they need to to buy to bring price back up here and then take it down
I just try to look at things like, you know, if one was trying to manipulate the market, what would they do? And that's what I see. But who knows, maybe they don't even need to push it back up here. That's all based off of that. And you can go to the one hour. It's like, okay, well, that fair value gap is mitigated. So, you know, it's like the POIs in a premium. I mean, if DXY was going to continue down, this is where it would be doing it. This is the kind of action I want to see on indices.
And we move efficiently. And then I'm actually curious. Does this even have, I wonder if I can even use this on here. No, I won't. I didn't think it would. I'm interested to see how this plays out though. Somebody said, what is the possibility of a double bottom for Bitcoin? I mean, it could happen, but then it's just going to get ran later because it's just going to induce people to think that we're bullish. I could definitely see that. I mean, that's what we did on the weekly here. If you look.
right here, double bottom. That's why I want that to get ran. So it would actually be like a triple bottom if you're looking at the weekly chart, but I would rather that get liquidated because, you know, people that trade retail are going to look at double bottoms as a buying opportunity or support. So there's going to be stop losses there. There's going to be people that are also looking to short the breakout if we start to break down from that. So, and who knows it's possible, but
If we do, I'll just look to wait to short it. I wouldn't buy it. Okay, NQ's getting some movement. Pump it. I really would like this power of three to play out. There we go. I was losing faith in you, NQ. Are you still in, Algo? Are you in here? I don't know if you're in here or not. I think he just scalped it. Are you in this? No, I'm not. Yeah, let's sit out there for a second.
Yeah, I like that displacement, though. It's weird to come during lunch hour. I've been noticing a lot of times during lunch hour we get those, like, random-ass pumps like that. Ideally, originally I wanted these hot. That's where my target overall is, but, I mean, I definitely would take some here. And this is what I did the other day. I can't remember if I shared this with you guys, but, dude, I got so absolutely, like, just disrespected by fucking NOS the other day. I can't even hear me. Let me see if I can find a picture of it. I was talking to my boy about it because I've deleted the TA.
Hold on one second. Where is this shit?
Oh yeah, look at this. This was so, so bad, bro. I was like, this was the worst I've been violated in a really long time. So look at this guy. So I had this right here, right? I had this limit. I had a limit right here at this fair value gap. This was the PM session of, it doesn't say what day. I think it was Tuesday. Yeah, I think it was Tuesday. So I had this limit right here for that fair value gap and it didn't hit it. And I was like, fuck man. I was like,
I guess it's why because I looked and I hit the three minute fair value gap. I was like, hey, fuck it. Chargers are the books. So, you know, it's already painful to see that happen. And then I cancel my limit. Right. So I cancel my limit. And then this happens. Where is it? One second. I go back later and say, fuck to my boy. This is what it did after. Came right to my limit. Went to full TP in three minutes.
So yeah, that's how my Tuesday went. I was almost, it was like meme worthy. I couldn't even be mad. Like I was kind of sad at first, but then I was literally just like, bro, that is like, you just got fucking memed by NASDAQ. Added, don't cancel limits till your TPs hit to my rule set on that note. Somebody said DXY is at the volume imbalance created earlier. Talking about this right here. Okay, I agree. If I was looking at this.
I mean, we are above a daily high. I wouldn't really necessarily call it a raid, but it looks like it wants to go a little lower, but DXY kind of has a mind of its own. Also, you got to take into account that this was, this dump happened very early this morning, so I'm not sure what was the catalyst for that. Money was getting moved around.
i'm just now seeing uh where you said jordan said trading the five minutes short oh yeah hit your target there you go yeah yes i've been an nq have been kind of like in their own lanes recently like they've been um a lot of smt divergence lately i've noticed more than usual by the lower time frame excuse me i'm like the 15 minute i've seen a lot like i think there was like two times this week back over here
ES made a higher high, and NQ did not, which could have led to potential shorts on ES, or aligned with other TA that you could say, okay, well, this higher high is most likely a run on stops, which it definitely was. It came straight down to the sell stops. And right back into that imbalance.
That was clean. I mean, I didn't really, I wasn't really watching indices as that happened. I wasn't trying to trade anything, but it's actually really clean. It came and took the stops, went right up to the last bit of internal liquidity in the range and then took out the external immediately. That's kind of what I want to happen here because we took the sell stops out. Now I want us to take the early internal buy side liquidity and then go back up into these imbalances. There was actually a little opportunity on the NASDAQ this morning.
that I notice write it open I've noticed sometimes whenever there's not an entry in the daytime like the the morning session that oftentimes it gives an entry in the first three five-minute candles so for instance here
You know, if we look at the overall structure was pretty bearish, you know, we hadn't came to a premium, but price had shown the desire to go lower. And what I mean by that is it showed on the lower timeframes, displacement of the downside, displacement of the downside, run on stops, displaced on the downside.
So when I was watching a five minute, I wanted to take a short, but it's just not really my entry model. But I looked at this like, okay, break down. And then price had dug up into these fair value gaps right here. So I wanted to take a short, but I didn't just because it's not really my entry model, but it would have hit. I was just going to target there. But now looking back, that would have been the target. That would have been a nice move.
I didn't take it. I'm going to continue to watch these models. I try not to stray away from anything really because when I'm in this funded, I used to trade a lot of different stuff. Like I would trade confirmations of order blocks, this and that. And now I really just try to play liquidity rates only because that's how I pass the challenge. So I look at it like that's how I should trade the funded account. Because in the early days of the funded account, I caught myself wanting to trade other entry models. And then I...
kind of recognize, like, hey, you're just, like, looking for trades. You know what I mean? And, like, any of you guys who have been trading for a while knows what that leads to. Like, as soon as you start, like, trying to, like, force a trade or...
you know, you're just in that mode where you're just like in front of the screen and you're just scanning, scanning, scanning. And if you look hard enough, there's enough pairs. Yeah. And I even caught myself like looking at like GJ and like other random pairs that I don't even, I haven't, I've traded them before, but I don't really trade them recently. I'm like, what are you doing? So then I tried to really define my edge and only trade one thing. But I did like that PA right there.
That would have been a clean entry as well. And yeah, it's just confirming that 15 minutes. I guess actually now that we look back, because we were talking about there wasn't an entry here, looking at the five minute, there kind of was. I don't know if it came to a premium of this little move or not. No, it didn't. Pretty inefficient across the board, to be honest.
If it moves from this, this could be an order block, but I wouldn't bet the farm on it. It's a nice little live study that the reason I look at it is this candle did take some liquidity right there, but it's not the prettiest. It doesn't really seem like it's showing much strength. This price action is super chopped this morning, though. It is after FOMC day, so you got to kind of give the market a little bit of slack to be fickle.
Oh, okay. You're talking about the volume gap created yesterday. You did say volume gap. I'm sorry. I was looking at a fair value gap.
I said, how long did it take me to become consistently profitable? You know, so when I started really like trading and not just investing was during the 2020 bull run was when I was actively like trading every single day and I was blessed. So I was actually pretty profitable at first, but that was in part because I was trading crypto during the crypto bull run.
You know what I mean? So then there were times like, you know, after, you know, back in early 2021 where kind of reality hit and like the Valentine's Day crash and, you know, everything started getting different or lungs weren't working and this, you know what I mean? So there was like a time there where it was kind of choppy. But it's been pretty consistent throughout the summer. We were given, we actually did really well in the summer of 2021 and played it like super, super well.
But like to where like consistently profitable enough to where it's like a job and, you know, I look at it like that, I would say probably like right around that time, like summer 2021. He said October. Yeah, let's hope so. There's this part of me that would make sense to you. There's this small part of me that just wants like some crazy shit. Like when I look at the monthly charts, you go to like an NQ, just a regular one. All right. Yeah, absolutely. Yes.
When I look at the monthly charts
I look at that as a potential monthly order block. Because if you go back to the video that I have on here on YouTube, that we call it literally all of this right here. Like we've made a video about it, talked about how to use the treasury bond market, everything. Now, again, I'm not saying we have to hit that, but we did hit this order block in React. So that would be the ultimate meme. I just think it's kind of far off just based off of the...
recent economic data and announcements, but I mean, you never know. I mean, I don't really trade off news. You know, I do try to keep it in mind, you know, a massive rally would be pretty crazy, but I mean, it would be, it would meme the fuck out of everybody. That's for sure. And that's what the market likes to do a lot of the time. It seems like by my meta trader and Q is reacting a little bit nice off that order buck. We'll see nothing really too attention grabbing there, but.
Yeah, super choppy morning. Not the greatest price action. Yeah, one thing I will say that's helped me a lot in trading less or taking less opportunities on indices because I think that, like, for instance, in the ICT model, a lot of people misunderstand and, like, they'll look at this right there. They'll say that's a rate on a low.
And I mean, here's the thing. I mean, it gives you the entry model for sure, if you're looking at it like that. So we come under the low, little three drive, or I guess multiple drives, and then that displace will break a structure. You got fair value gap.
I mean, that's the model, right? I mean, I can see how that would happen, but one thing I will say is it's very important to understand how liquidity is delivered, and that's from internal liquidity to external liquidity. So for instance, if you see a violent rate, if the overall external structure is bearish, right, which we know it is, a massive move down. So this is going to be your major pool of buy-side liquidity, and you add your sell-side liquidity here.
So if price comes up into forms of internal liquidity and sees that reaction, you can use the lower timeframes to kind of confirm that. And it sees that reaction, for instance, up here. Okay, well, you're in that internal liquidity area, which is a fair value gap. You get a displace and break a structure down. There we go. It's showing that strength I want. So then what happens? Leave that little tiny gap.
So now in the lower timeframes, the structure has shifted bearish. Just like we're looking at this, we have this range. So here's our external liquidity. We've got our internal liquidity all through here. So then price comes up into a potential reversal zone. Then we look at the next timeframe down. So we'd get that shift in structure showing us that it wants to go lower. It's leaving those imbalances. Price comes down, it forms this little range.
Guess what it leaves highs and imbalances at a premium Price sweeps those highs and then moves to the downside. So that tells us we're looking at the higher timeframe That we're probably seeking the sell side
Right. And then also take it into kind of building your narrative. This is the way I looked at this morning was, okay, well, every retail trader wants to go long. They're going to leave the support. Right. And then some people even trading smart money might say, oh, it's an order block, you know, that, this, this, and that. But the way I look at it is, you know, everybody who's going to buy the dip on FOMC is going to put their stop loss right fucking there. Like where else are you going to put it? Tell me. Pretty obvious. I don't want to have my stop somewhere like that.
It just doesn't meet up with what I, you know what I mean? So whenever you see something like that and you see price reacting to that internal liquidity, showing displacement away from it, it's showing the desire that it wants to go for something lower, right? Is there going to be a ton of sell stops here? Think about it. How many people really got an active here that are going to put their stops there? Most of the time people are going to put their stops right there.
So you got to think about that whenever you're navigating the market. You got to think like a market maker. If I'm a market maker and I have a lot of orders here that I didn't have liquidity to fill, that's why price gapped because only one side of liquidity was being offered. Well, I need to get back up there. I need to fill those orders. So how am I going to do that? Well, I'm going to induce people to short.
And then, sorry, I had to change something. And then, after that, I'm going to take out the early longs. Now, I wouldn't necessarily target longs all the way up here, but that's the kind of narrative I see playing out.
Hopefully that helps me, guys. I think that was a decent example we have here. Because one thing that when I first started learning how to trade with just liquidity, I don't really watch a bunch of supply and demand zones. The main problem people have is they look at every single low or every single high as a stop rate and this and that. But you have to understand the way that price is delivered and why price is doing what it's doing. You don't need to just know like...
you know are there is there liquidity above each one of these highs yeah sure right but like is there enough to send it all the way to where you want it to go a lot of times not really
Casper, I fell victim to that first setup you pointed out. Which one? Did it? Yeah, and I can see it for sure. So like the way that I, did that help though? Like the way I explained it, it helped at all? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I mean, I was thinking about it just like in the way that you spoke about it as a more of an external liquidity instead of internal after it happened, of course. I mean, I was up for like, you know, five, six minutes, but then.
Right. No, it makes sense. I can see it because I was watching it and like I literally was like, I mean, there was a part of me that wants to take it. You know what I'm saying? Like I was kind of like, oh, and then I'm like, don't like because I literally posted in stock chat. And another thing you could look at this as a lower time frame is a little market maker buy model. But I posted in stock chat that I was like waiting for that. And I'm like, what do you like? Don't do that. Like you were just like, you know what I mean? So.
It's a super weird prize section. It needs to get back above this high with some strength that's showing a little bit of lackluster movement here. But it's just not the greatest morning, so I wouldn't be too upset about it. I know you're not, but I can see how that happened, though. I was watching, and I was like, I already know there's a ton of people who just took a loss right there.
But again, it just comes to that understanding of the range we're in. If you're day trading, try to use a one hour, 15 minute to establish that external range. Keep in mind the higher timeframes, but whenever you're looking for... And I'm not saying you have to wait for the absolute low to be rated every time. For instance, let's say if we were bullish, right? If this was bullish and you rate it a little like that, absolutely. That'd be fine. Because you know we're taking internal to external.
price travels from premium to discount and Discount to premium from internal liquidity to external liquidity to internal liquidity So always remember that
Yo, Kasper, what's up? What's up? How you doing? Fine, good. Any reason why aren't you trading US 30? I just don't like the way it moves. It's personal. Because I'm lone, but I noticed that... I looked good this morning, though. I watched it. I did watch it, I'll say. Yeah, I'm lone there, but I noticed that I didn't run the lows, right? So that's another reason. A lot of times you get a lot of weird divergence. For instance, you can see that...
ES and NQ did, and then YM didn't, which YM's US-30. It's just a futures contract. I personally just don't like it for reasons like this. But if you've traded a lot, and I know a lot of people that swear by it. You know what I mean? There's people that I know it's a popular thing to trade.
I think it trades better with supply and demand than the other indices. I will say that. For instance, you can get trade opportunities off four-hour POIs sometimes, or one-hour POIs, which with the other indices, that always just gets ran. I think that's why it's a little more popular. For instance, right here.
There's a nice order box sell. You know what I mean? Like it's just, you can literally trade that a lot more efficiently than you can. Like if you try to do that a lot of times on the lower timeframes with ES and NQ, you'll get ransacked.
But if you trade it and it works well, don't change. Like that's the reason I had to realize like that this is all I want to look at because this is what I do well with. You know what I mean? So I'm like, yeah, I looked at my, when I passed my challenge, I looked and I had traded. What's funny, my second challenge, I traded gold, which I don't know what got into me or like why.
but I was trading gold a lot. And I think it was like my most traded asset, like MFF said on my phase two, which blew my, cause I didn't even realize how much I was trading. I was like, what in the fuck? I don't even trade gold, but I just liked where it was at on the higher timeframes. Cause it was whacked back whenever gold was, it had such a clear fucking bias to me. At least it was back when gold was like up here. So I was like, you know, I knew I wanted to sell short. It was just like,
you know, where am I going to do it? It was just so fucking clear based off that daily timeframe, you know, up here, I was like, so I was just shorting all down through this.
But I had to realize there's a couple pairs that I personally trade better than others. So I try to trade those pairs. Then I realized, okay, well, there's a couple times a day that I trade better than others. So I cut out the other times a day. Then I'm like, okay, well, there's another trade model that I do better. You see what I'm saying? So I just keep refining that edge and fine-tuning it to where it's like I won't take as many trades. But I know that...
You know, the strategy that I'm using, which strategy is more than just your analysis. It's the time. It's the pair. You know, everything. Everything together, that's your strategy. So I think the less variables, the better, because if that strategy starts to fail you.
A lot of times it's you failing the strategy, but if the strategy starts to fail you, it's easier to mitigate and change what you need to if there's less variables. And also it provides for less rationalization whenever you're looking for a trade. Like, you know, you know exactly what you're looking for. And if you get that, you execute. And if you don't, you sit.
You enter a trade, you follow your trade management. Either you're getting stopped out or maybe if you have a break-even stop policy, everything becomes mechanical. The only thing that is a little bit more intuitive sometimes is...
building a narrative, I think. Like, for instance, when we're talking about, you know, where is a stop loss going to be for traders? That becomes a little bit different than, you know, that's not something that's as mechanical. That's the only thing that, you know, I notice is more difficult to make mechanical. Not the most interesting morning, though. I really do think a lot of it is due to...
Yes, just wanting this low. I did want to move back up first. I wonder what this gap is. I actually know this already has been filled. What am I talking about? That wick filled it. Hopefully see something pick up coming out of the lunch hour. Super sloppy price action. This is crazy. It's up, down, frozen. Yeah.
ES has barely even left a five-minute inefficiency, except right there today. I mean, the open, but other than that. And again, on ES, that was pretty clean, too, here. Up here, as well. First five minutes moves into it. This one barely did. No, it did, actually. It's hard to see. People say fair value gaps don't work. I said, do I like moving average? No, absolutely not. I would never. I encourage people not to use stuff like that.
If you use it and you're profitable, fuck me then for sure. I'm not telling you to change anything. That's another thing that I really fucking hate whenever people that trade smart money shit on people that don't trade smart money. Now, shitting on people at all is just kind of fucked up. But especially when it's like, okay.
I know some people that trade retail that are way better than people I know trading smart money. So just because you trade smart money doesn't mean you're like a king or something like that. Here's the thing. We're here to make money. So I know a lot of people who trade smart money that I'm pretty sure aren't profitable. And I also know a lot of people that trade retail that I know are profitable. So everybody has different strategies.
I'm never going to tell somebody to stop using something that's profitable. But if you're using them and you're not profitable, I would suggest to start trying to learn price action. Because I think everybody goes through this period when they start trading. They go through a phase where they just trade a lot of indicator. I went through it. I did not start trading smart money. Those of you guys that are in Playbit listeners that have been here for a while, 100% know that too.
So, I used to trade something called Omni, which is an algorithm. Total, the max level of indicators. My screen looked fucking horrendous. I had fucking probably 20 levels on my screen. You know.
And it worked well, you know what I mean? So that's why I don't really hate on people that trade something. And I just respect the area that that's what you trade then and your profit will stick with it. But I will say that learning price action has been more beneficial for me. That's why I stick with it. And the main thing that I like about it is I'm a very like mechanical.
person. I try to track my habits every day. I'm a numbers guy. You know what I mean? I like trying to make things as mechanical and clockwork as possible. If I'm using a moving average or RSI or a pattern, it's like, oh, it's oversold and it's kind of moving away from the 21.
Yeah, it looks like potential ascending triangle. I'm going to buy it. Like, there's nothing mechanical. If you fuck up there, you have nothing to go back on and be like, where did I fuck up? You know what I mean? Now, if you have a strategy, like, for instance, you're like, okay, well, every time, you know, the 9 EMA crosses the 21 and I have an RSI divergence on the daily chart, then I go long. That's something that's pretty mechanical, you know? So, again.
just if you do trade indicators just try to make it as mechanical as possible be my advice not financial advice nfa nfa clean these shorts out nos pump it for me so i can not trade tomorrow reward me for being patient let's see how she goes after lunch yeah if anybody has any questions go ahead shoot them off um otherwise i'm gonna hop off what's up mikey how you doing
Kind of like XRP? Definitely. Oops, wrong thing. Okay. I said fuck the equal highs. Isn't there like a court update? Let's see what it is. Seems like everything about this fucking court case is just smoke and mirrors. Like you never know anything for sure. Go to Reddit. It'll probably bring us the info. Oh, this is two years ago. Okay, I give up. I thought there was something this week. I don't want to spew misinformation, but I thought there was something this week.
I will say right now, though, as of legit all crypto, I think XRP has one of the better charts. They said XRP will flip ETH. Ooh. You know, you never know. ETH is kind of a shit. I don't want to say a shit coin. Obviously, it's not a shit coin. I don't like the proof of stake. I think that that's...
It just centralizes it to the max. And yeah, sure, it might make for less gas fees on fucking NFT transactions, but it's not decentralized anymore. So I think that it kind of takes some good value away from it. But XRP monthly looks fucking ridiculous. I mean, not monthly. Monthly probably looks good, too. Let me look at the Bitstamp chart. Yeah, Haas, that's basically what I have, too, what you just sent me.
Okay. I'm doing all this. I mean, dude, this shit looks fire. If I wasn't so skeptical of the economy, I would probably buy some of this on spot or would have down here. We've been talking about this for quite a while now. Also, another thing I want to share with you guys. My blue screen is getting bluer. Push up. Do it.
Now I want to show you guys this. This is just interesting. So it's XRP dominance of the market. But like, this even looks fire. Let me do the weekly. Like, bro, if I'm looking at this and you just didn't tell me what it was, I'm like, this is going for this high right here. Which would be nuts. I mean, that could come with XRP even just holding its ground in the market shitting. But I don't know, man. There's something going on right now with XRP. Like, it's definitely being manipulated. Alright, no question.
I think the weekly chart, I mean, the way I look at it, little baby imbalance right here. I'm sure you guys see, I'm not going to draw it, but little baby imbalance. The weekly is showing displacement. If you close this week, anything like this, oh my God. If you close a candle above that, that's strong. Where's SirTrades a lot? He's not in here. This dude's going to be fucking rich. He's been telling everybody to buy XRP for a minute now.
I think it's probably drawing up into this imbalance. And the thing is, though, I will say just, you know, don't let me like make you a moon boy. I don't mean to sound like it's just going to the moon, but it does look very good. But, you know, be mindful you are coming right up into this imbalance. So if you close anywhere around here, I would look for probably push up into this, but then I would look for retracement. Hopefully you can form a fair about gap going into it.
I said Q&T. You know, that's crazy. These are the two coins that I have people close to me that love these fucking coins. They're smart people. These people that really like quant are some Swiss bankers that they love this shit.
They asked me to do TA on it. And it's funny. I actually hit it on the point. Like when we were down here, I told him, I was like, it's going to go right to this imbalance. That'd be a potential reversal. And they don't, I've never like given them analysis. That was the first, they were like, oh my God. I didn't think, I was like, I was surprised it reacted like that well, but they were like, give us more TA. I mean, I'd say the overall.
Narrative would be, you know, would be bearish here. I mean, I would look probably for these highs to get ran. That's why I had that. Or did it get ran? No, I mean, I would look for these highs to potentially get ran. But then you could maybe see some short action after that. Down to this, this would be like the next target.
And when I have these marked as sell side, I know some, same messengers like that's not a sell side. This is, and I know, I know, I promise I get it. I know it's not the external, but this is, there is going to be internal sell side liquidity. I just don't write it every time I have to start writing it. So I get the trip, Twitter warriors telling me, I don't know what I'm talking about.
But yeah, anyways, guys, for quant sum it up, I would look, I would just wait. You're kind of at equilibrium in this massive range. So expect to see this kind of consolidation. I would wait to come up to a premium, then look for sell signals. You know, because you really don't have anything that I see that needs to get cleaned out before coming, you know, coming down for all this to wipe all this out. And again, it's just ranges. Like we have external range, just massive movement right here.
All right, so we came up, we've taken out all the internal at a premium. So remember, price trends from external liquidity, takes out, traveled to external, took out that, just like we're talking about in that lower timeframe range with NASDAQ and S&P. All the early dip buyers got taken out, now price is gonna come back up and take out all the buy side. And then after that, we've looked, we've generated sell side here, here, inefficiencies, here, here.
So wait for price to come up, give you a target. You don't just get in, but wait for something to give you an entry and then there you go. Anyways, guys, I'm going to hop it off. Actually, ADA, I'll do ADA for you. That's the last one I'm doing though. ADA played pretty nicely what I wanted it to do. I had a paper trade, didn't get all eight full TP and then FOMC took it out. I wanted it to go all the way up here though, this daily order block. I could still see that happening too. Let me show you this.
The daily chart. So we took out this low right here and also this, all this up here. So I'm on the four hour. Look as a potential range deviation. Extend this to make it a little clear. So if we can get back up in this range, I would look for at least a move up to this daily order block. Showing the daily, the down candle. I mean, I'm sorry, up candle before the down move.
Overall, it would be a little more lean, more bullish on XRP. Again, I mean, this shit has just completely destroyed price action for right now and a lot of stuff, especially a lot of altcoins. But anyways, guys, I appreciate you all coming through. And until tomorrow, stay safe. Tomorrow, we'll be doing an afternoon stream, kind of recap the week, see how we did on the bias, and just recap all the price action and see what we can learn from it. So until then, I'll see you guys later. Peace out.
