Moving but yeah, no, I'm definitely gonna have it set up correctly at my new spot. That's for damn sure They post like having the miners on wireless, you know, I forget I even have those damn miners. Honestly They're on wireless at half the places. They're having the miners on Yes Yeah, cuz people it's like hey, can I run this cord through your entire house and then like we drill this hole in your attic? Yeah, like no one's gonna do that
Yeah, and it's like here, you actually get a cut of like 79 cents every month after the bear market hit. That shit is obliterated, bro. It's crazy. I topped out at 7K, and then now it's like... Damn, I never even got that high. I was selling mine, though. I mean, it might have gotten close, but I definitely sold the fuck out of mine. Every two weeks, I was selling that shit. There was no HODL gang for me on that one.
Let me post this up so everybody gets in here. Sorry, I was a little late. I think Mangling did the best on all those. Mangling? Out of all those, yeah. Mangling. Mangling. I know because he was telling me to sell at the top. What was it? It was like $60, right?
i just sold that shit like every two weeks oh yeah dude usd cat i knew that shit was gonna start moving because i wasn't gonna take this trade but like i've been watching it for a while why is this over here what the fuck i've been watching it for a while and i literally have been plotting on this low and it reacted exactly how i freaking wanted it to off the low so like mainly what i look for if i'm playing like a liquidity rate on like a daily level i'm just gonna delete
this because that's just getting my nerves.
But what I'm looking for when we raid daily liquidity like that is exactly this. Some people were asking me questions actually on how to play liquidity raids, which for those of you that are in the Discord, we had a private class on those this past Saturday, I think, or was it a Saturday before? I think it was this past Saturday. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, but mainly what I look for, and somebody asked me how do I look for them on low time frames, and it's just like everything else.
it's all the same right if i'm if if i'm applying a formula to price i'm going to apply it to all time frames because at the end of the day we're just using these you know i guess whatever you're going to call them pattern strategies um you know whatever you want to call it all we're doing is we're identifying what's going on with the market so
If I want to know what's going on with it on a daily time frame, or if I want to know what's going on with it at a one minute time frame, it literally doesn't matter. There's no difference. It's just about...
establishing, you know, your higher timeframe bias and then framing the low timeframes around it. So for instance, if I didn't have, you know, this is a daily level. Well, am I going to wait for the daily to give me signs of a liquidity rate? Well, by that point, it's over with the trades already played out. So what I can do is then go into my intraday timeframes, you know, like a one hour, you can use a four hour if you want. And what I'm looking for is price on a lower timeframe. I usually like the one hour, the 15 minute for this.
But I want to see an expansion. So we can see displacement. So when you're playing liquidity rate, you want no question, absolutely no question that smart money is buying this dip. They're buying those sell stops. How do you tell that? By displacement. It takes a lot of money to move price like that in a Forex market or any market that we're trading with. Even if it's crypto or not like some super low cap stuff.
Once you see something like this with a break of structure, here is the change of character right there. Once you see that, that's a good indicator that smart money is involved. Now, that's just kind of like your entry trigger. Now, let's say if you wanted to refine it more, if you're going to use the fair value gap entry model, if we look right here, here was our fair value gap. I always recommend taking a fib and finding where the discount is.
So if you see price came into the discount of this POI and then railed from there. I didn't even set limits. We called this signal in the discord this morning, like as it was starting to pump. I mean, it was like an immediate within five minutes we started moving. But just the only thing for me was I looked at it and I said, okay, well, we're back in my POI. The stop loss. I just, you know, could I have refined here? Maybe, you know, I could, I could have waited for this right here. So look, we had a break of structure over here.
So you broke structure, fair value gap. Look what happened here. Broke structure, fair value gap. Entry. Could have done it like that with a stop loss under this. I was happy with the current risk to reward. This is something I've been plotting on in the daily time frame for a little bit now. I wanted this equal load to get taken and come up. Then I think we can make a nice little push up. Now, this is all going to depend really...
I think that we're going to be reversing at some point here just because of our overall bias on DXY. But I would like to see this daily order block or this imbalance get traded up into because it looks like prices remove the sell side. So once we come out and we take out the sell stops, it's going to go back up to take out these local range buy stops and also fill in any of these imbalances where orders weren't filled. Same with this order block. It needs to be mitigated because smart money.
cause this move up in order to induce retail traders to buy so that they could sell to them. So I think the overall narrative here is that we're going to retrace back down to maybe these areas down here. But if we look at the weekly, the weekly swing structure is pretty bearish here. If I'm looking at the weekly, I'm looking at this right here. I know it's huge, but to me, this is not a weekly pullback.
Yeah, that's being a little bit more, I guess, liberal with my structure, but I look at it like price is coming back into a...
premium or coming towards it. And at some point, we're going to see a reversal in this weekly string structure continue. This also kind of pairs up with our bias on DXY, that it's in that monthly supply coming up to the weekly fair value gap. I think that we have probably a little bit more life in it, but at some point, we're going to see a retrace. I'm kind of just building the narrative from the top down. But in order for us to start to move to the downside, I think we just cleared.
Oh, almost. But in order for us to start moving to the downside, we need to come up and mitigate these orders if this is going to be the final push. I'm not going to try to predict the future, but I can build my narrative around that and then frame trade ideas around that story of what's happening. So that was kind of a little breakdown on this. It was a super good trade. I mean, literally, there's no drawdown. It's up like what?
I don't know, like 45 pips, 50 pips, whatever. Round it up, round it down. Either way, we're making a nice little bag before FOMC. It's set up a lot. It looks like it's going for this first profit target right now. Bitcoin was another trade that we took. It wants this TP, doesn't it? It wants it bad. I took this yesterday. We called this out on Twitter.
Let me show you if you can see. If you're not following me, follow it. Because I don't post any kind of signals. All that's exclusive to the Discord. But I do give free sauce. If you know what you're doing and you've been paying attention to the streams, then you could have capitalized off this. I told you guys that it was going to go down to this previous weekly low, 2764. Alerts at this level looking for M15 confirmation to M5. So what do we do?
did exactly what we anticipated. We came down. The early bulls wanted a long off this order book. Even smart money got faked out there because you got a confirmation. And this is why it's important to understand liquidity. So look, let's say you're a smart money trader and you had that four hour POI and you said, okay, I'm going to trade the first break of structure in a 15 minute. Okay, look, you got to break a structure there. So then you would have said, okay, well, I've got this big demand zone. I'm going to push this over.
Now I need a five minute break of structure off that level. What happened? Price gave you that. Price broke it. So then what happened? Came back five minute demand zone. Did the one minute give you confirmation?
Yeah, it did. So why did you get stopped out and have a short-lived trade? Well, because you didn't pay attention to the higher time frame level of liquidity. You had an imbalance under this right here. And even smart money, a ton of people, I'm sure, maybe even some people are watching this, got faked out by that order block. I'm almost positive there's people in the server or people trading on their own that did. And the reason that I wanted to wait was because, for one, it's a clean low with an imbalance below it.
If we're looking at levels of liquidity, it's the previous weekly low. Institutions are going to have a lot of stops under that level. So once we tack into that, you can see a potential for a rally. But once price gets close to this, and we went over this too in the draw on liquidity class, think of this as a magnet. Like literally, as soon as price gets near that line, there's a magnet right here. And you're just trying to long with a magnet right under your stop loss. It's completely counterintuitive.
And that's why it's important to really understand this stuff if you're going to trade smart money, because you can justify and rationalize entries. And you can see some people that, you know, maybe they're new to confirmation entries. They said, well, this gave me confirmation entries. It doesn't even work. And just the problem was that you failed to really be aware of the higher timeframe.
It's always good to plot out the previous weekly low, any kind of buy side liquidity, imbalances, any of that good stuff. You always want to plot that out and be mindful of it. So Bitcoin looking like it wants our final TP. Now, what I did was the same thing that everybody did over here, but I did it in my POI. And I told you guys this. That was for free on Twitter. And obviously, we knew in the Discord because we called out a trade. I'll show you guys that.
So right here, Bitcoin was right at that level. Longing Bitcoin here, stop loss, whatever the hell it was, 2689. So bias behind that, we came into that four-hour POI. We took out the liquidity, right? There was a lot of early longs all through here. All that got completely wiped. And then now that...
the early smart money you can call it is wiped out now smart money has enough liquidity they've taken out the previous week's low they've even taken on institutional liquidity and institutional stops that are under that last week's low
So then what happened? Now we get the same setup you're looking for over here. And another thing too, if you were watching this, this is pretty choppy. Now, if you operate from a mechanical perspective, it gave you what you needed. There was a 15 minute break of structure because you had a low, came up, made a high because you made a new low. So then you had to break a structure. So you didn't do that wrong. But what you did wrong was your POI selection and you didn't add liquidity into your equation. So came down here, made a low, made a high.
They made a low, but remember, just like we went over with the internal structure class, we're not going to pick this as our high. Now, in this situation, you could have, but it's not the most recent candle that meets our criteria for a high, right? Because we can get a little more aggressive with this internal structure whenever we have been trending in a downwards market.
So price broke that right there. We had a very easy, clean order block. The 15 minute at that point was already bullish. So I said 15 minute into five minute confirmation. So what I do is if price comes up into this area, this is on the five minute now, if we're already bullish, like if you look, we came up and we were still bullish, the swing structure here.
The internal structure was still bullish. So we came back down. Nothing had changed. We didn't have to go bullish, so to speak. Maybe you could have waited for another break of structure, but mainly my confirmation method is just making sure the time frames are agreeing. So what I did was I looked right here. As soon as we got this, because then I go to the one minute. If the five minute and the 15 minute are already bullish, I go to the one minute. And what did we get right here? Change of character right there. That was the first sign.
But, you know, we wanted to, I didn't want to use our stops this one minute because you can see Bitcoin hunted them, right? Now, maybe you would have got another one minute entry. I actually plot back tested this. You could have got another one minute entry after the second change of character here. You would have been safe, super tight stops. They would have paid nicely. But then if you set your trade to break even after coming up here, which you probably did, you got stopped out. One thing I've noticed with crypto lately is sometimes it's, if I get a good enough risk to reward,
you know, like 4R, 3.5R. I'm just going to use the 15 minute structure for a stop because crypto is really sloppy. And it's easy to almost like get irritated with crypto. And I caught myself like not really trading it as much recently because it didn't match my style, which whenever I'm trading Forex or indices, I'm using a one minute a lot of the time. And crypto gives really good entries like that. But a lot of times they just get wicked out.
you know you kind of got to adapt and like i said earlier you take the formula that you use let's say like my one minute confirmation if i can see that it's working but not consistently you know as a trader you know i'm always trying to improve things so i'm looking at like okay well instead of just um you know not trading it because a lot of people that trade smart money don't like trading crypto and i understand why i genuinely do it's definitely a sloppy market
Um, but you just got to adapt with it and learn that we got to use our 15 minute structure, five minute at the lowest, and that's going to give you a higher win rate. Now, while your trade isn't, you know, always going to be a 40 hour trade at the end of the day, I'm happy with four hour in one day. It's totally fine with me. So, but yeah, that was, that was the logic behind this. Very simple. We just, it's counter trend. So that's why my target was just down here in this imbalance and I targeted recent highs.
I'm not going to target, you know, yes, the swing structure is bullish. I get it. I understand that, you know, our swing structure was down here all the way up here. But if you're asking me, I'm not really looking at the four hour swing structure and basing my logic off that because I see this as a potential daily pullback coming to an end.
All right, where's the draw on liquidity? To me, it's pretty clear it's these weekly equal lows. Seems like price wants to come up to this imbalance. I just need to mark this because this has been formed.
But, you know, am I going to just hold my position all the way up to here? I'm not, personally. I'm cool with maybe framing my ideas around, you know, these levels. But I'm just going to use them as a bias and kind of like a guiding light. And then I'm going to find, like, the path intraday. I'm not going to get greedy. You know, I'll probably leave a small runner, like, literally less than 5% of my position after this hits.
I'm not going to try to hold the entire position up to the four hour highs, you know, because now if the four hours bullish and the daily was bullish, let's just say all the timeframes are bullish. It goes hand in hand with what I was saying about our confirmation method. If, you know, everything was bullish and this was just, you know, the beginning of putting in a daily higher low, then yeah, for sure. I'm holding all the way up here, but we're not in that situation.
So I do think crypto does need a little bit of relief, but at the same time, I'm not counting on it. Today's going to be interesting with FOMC and interest rates.
Let's look at the USD CAD. Damn, it wants our TP, but it's getting smacked away from it. The SPY actually is already in this zone, but I'll just tell you right now. I mean, you know, I might say this and you go short SPY and you make money. I'm not touching this right now. Like if this was an FOMC day, I would consider shorts here really ideally up here, but I promise you.
Just wait. I'm waiting. There's no rush for me. If anything, this is a better POI anyways. I'd mark this up, and you'll probably see a little bit of reaction here, some supply absorption, but I would anticipate a minimum of this and possibly more. If we can get a nice rejection here into this zone before FOMC and then we start to move, that would be nice, but CNOS is pushing hard.
See, I'm just waiting on a lot of these. As far as indices go, I don't think that there's any kind of any rush to getting trades on FOMC Day. I'll trade certain stuff and maybe get in a baby position on a Forex pair or crypto, but indices on this day is just, you're a madman.
Looks like anything US-30 looks like more of a sell. We came up with cleared these highs into this imbalance. Not really any kind of breaks with displacement, though. I mean, a little bit here, but no fair value gaps. Again, it's something that I'll just be kind of waiting for. US-30 has been in its own lane lately. It really has.
I guess this would be a four-hour change of character from a bullish perspective if you look at it like that, but I'd probably more of just a liquidity grab. Euro-dollar. I want this zone here on the euro-dollar.
I've been watching this for a while. I actually tweeted about this too, but I think there's a one hour order block right here. Mainly what I'm looking for here is a 15 minute confirmation entry into a five minute. And then I'll still try to confirm with the one minute depending on the structure. But this looks a little bit redistribution-esque to me right there.
So there was actually people saying they were going to want to long this this morning, but I kind of wanted to chill on it. EU's been crazy. GU, we closed yesterday right before 5 o'clock, and I'm just moseying on. Good thing we closed it because it ended up going all the way up to this 15-minute institutional candle and definitely shot down nicely from there. That would have been a nice trip. I think that happened, yeah, during London Killzone.
um wasn't up to catch that one but this if anybody caught this it's going for these lows probably i'd look right here as well um let's look did i no yeah just trying to see if like there's another clear entry maybe this zone up here i would keep an eye on this but uh you know if we come down and take out those lows it's kind of that was the trade for me because really i was basing this around
I mean, these daily candles are ugly, but we filled this imbalance. Now I look at this imbalance right here. And there's an order block right here, which we have traded into, but I'm looking at this, this sell side liquidity under this low. I'm actually going to move this and just relabel this sell side because it's already, the order block already really got tapped. And yeah, this is really, this is setting up to make a run of the downside. Let me take a peep at the...
If you guys have anything you want to look at, oh yeah, no, one other thing. Oh yeah, it's happening right here. So gold now is giving me the beginning of this framework. Basically, I really wanted this imbalance down here. I don't know, one hour it's there, or four hour. It's not a four hour. I kind of want this still, but we did raid liquidity into this daily order block.
I'll show you that on the daily. We ran right off of it. So at this point, if I can see a nice break of structural displacement here, it looks like we're getting that right now. I want to see price trade into it and do the same thing on low timeframes because I'm going to be pretty picky with this one just because it's FOMC day. Gold move is super crazy. Don't want to jump the gun early. If it leaves me behind, so be it. But it's got to stay on the same energy.
I really wanted to come down to this fair value gap. We'll see how she plays out coming closer into the FOMC. Oh yeah, USD, Swissy, FGTP. I'd probably frame my trades around this right here. These two levels. So you've got the rest of this imbalance to be filled in this buy side liquidity there. Because you came down. If you look, we rebalanced. It's right there. Go ahead and mark this up.
So we came up, filled this imbalance. Price reacted nicely here off this other imbalance. So if we start to push up, then I will look for longs up into this. I don't know if I shouldn't say I would look for longs. I haven't really been trading this one, but it looks good here. It seems like you're kind of engineering some sell stops right there, though. I mean, they're not super equal, but I wouldn't.
Let it talk me out of getting into a trade. Seems like it reacted pretty nice off this demand zone. So from there, I guess really you didn't get a break of structure until all the way there. And that was not the prettiest candle that hit up into it. I don't know. This one's looking a little off, but I just need some more data. This is a pretty fickle pair. It moves crazy. This nice fair value gap here.
That would have given you a nice little entry. As soon as you come into these daily areas of liquidity, if you can see a lower time frame break of structure. It's not a breaker. A lower time frame break of structure, just a recent high, not even any kind of change of career, just literally any high with displacement. You can trade off that. This would have been kind of a lackluster trade. But overall...
I would really like these lows to get taken. But if the four-hour starts giving bullish structure, the four-hour structure for me would be up there. I'll actually set an alert for this. I would personally wait for this to get taken before I would even really start framing the whole long bias all the way up to here or maybe into these inbounds or these highs. But it's definitely looking like it wants to come up, and the early shorts are going to get liquidated.
Maybe calling that a little too early, but if I get another daily candle close like this right after this here Yeah, I'd be looking for these highs because you see there's no imbalances Except up here and there's a clean high right in front of it. So this has actually been a super good case study We use this for our class oops wrong feed
This is what we use for the class to explain draws on liquidity. So, you know, we saw that we did this, you know, let's see, because I, so look, we called this, this was down here on July 19th. I think this is actually, the picture was from before, but, or no, this is, no, no, this is my thread that I used. Hold on, there's another one. Where is it?
Because I posted an infographic on it. I won't take too much time. I posted this a while ago in an infographic. Let's see if I can just find the actual infographic to show you guys. Where is... So it's Casper Trades. Sorry, I'm going through my files right here. Somewhere here. Oh, here it is right here.
So this was this actually from this chart. So we posted this or use this one. It was all the way down here. Right. And I literally usually I don't like using live examples for teaching because, you know, at the end of the day, some of us, you know, everybody's going to be wrong at some point. And it's but I was pretty confident in this. So you could see that, you know, look at this right here.
And that's right here. We were all the way down in this area. I think it was like another candle or so. It was before this move. But I said that the old low is taken. We now have a huge imbalance to fill. So price is just always in the daily chart balancing between areas of liquidity filling orders and catering to the smart money. So what did price do? Ran up pretty high. Didn't fill all the way. But you just think of this as a magnet. And what could you have done? Let's just say you...
Yeah, you use this technique and you said, okay, I think it was two candles after this. Let's see.
Yeah, two candles. So now you see prices reaching up for something. Is it reaching for these highs? No, there's nothing really important there. Where is it something important? It's imbalance. You can also look at it like a premium of the imbalance. But you could have framed your trade around every day. You come to your desk. Let's say you're a USD Swiss trader and you had a long bias. This is really important. And I think this is probably one of the biggest problems.
among most people when they learn smart money. Because let's just say that you wanted to short here. You know, your bias was wrong. Did this pair give you sell signals? 100%. There were sell signals at some point, you know, during this upward movement, right? The daily structure is bearish. I'm shorting, right? And the four hour, let's say people down here.
The four hour is bearish. They're shorting off this order block. It's the easiest short ever. I'm shorting, targeting here. Now, why did none of that work? Because literally, you just didn't understand the bigger picture. Now, let's flip that script and say that you did understand and you said, okay, every morning that I come up into my desk and this is what I'm trading, I'm looking for long entries. So let's just say you did that every day. Move this speed up.
So let's just say until here, until price started to break down, because that's whenever you stop. As you're coming up into a premium of your imbalance or coming up closer, you're getting a little more hesitant. Let's just say every single day, there's one day, two, three, four, five, six, seven. If you caught an entry on any of this entire seven days of trading and held it through, you won. Now, obviously, there's other ways to find entries.
But let's just say you had used your long bias and just traded order blocks. Let's just say all you did was just trade one hour order blocks this entire time. Right there. Right here.
Right here. I mean, it's that easy once you get your daily bias right. Because if you don't have that, you're going to be in a world of pain. You could have just traded the one hour. You could have been like one of those people that just learned smart money and they just trade every single order block. And you would have won. But it's not that hard once you are looking at things in the right perspective. But if you have some kind of emotional attachment. Somebody has to meet their mic. Shit, it's loud as shit.
I don't know who that was, but...
If you have an emotional attachment with what you want out of price, or let's just say even worse, let's say you're a short seller for whatever reason through these days, and your mind is going to block out what price is actually telling you because your context is wrong. Once you get attached to an idea, instead of understanding the information that price is giving you, your brain literally will block out.
data that is right in front of your face like i know there's a ton of you guys who've been in a trade that went horrible and you just held it and you look back and you're like damn i could have did the opposite like let's say you were in a long or you held equity um from the top in crypto looking back now you're like what the fuck was i doing if i would have just looked at it for what it was i could have just shorted this shit right
So, you know, if you can look at things from a unbiased perspective and establish your daily bias just based off of price, and a lot of times it's going to be opposite of what everybody's saying. That's usually whenever you know you're doing this right. It's when everybody's saying you're seeing different things on Twitter, your trading buddies are not all, you know, maybe you have really good trading buddies and it's different, but, you know, some of your trading buddies are not agreeing with you.
That's whenever you know that you're starting to be in your own lane and trust that bias and stick with that bias. Because if you switch back and forth and you come to your desk in the morning and have no idea what you think the day is going to do, like if you're on an asset and you can't tell yourself, do I think today is going to close higher or close lower, then what are you doing? Because you're just looking for signals to appear and you're going to take the first one that gives you a trade.
Because you're just coming to your desk in the morning with the idea like, I want to trade. As soon as I see a 15-minute order block, I'm trading. Or whatever your trigger is. But the market's going to give you signals in both directions. Because it's not like this is some cheat code where if the market is going up and it's giving order blocks, let's just say each one of these...
let's just actually let me draw a different example let's be better so let's say that price had been coming down let's say we had this right here or I'm just gonna use a tool because that thing is all squiggly so let's say price had you know came down
And right here, let's say your daily bias was to go up. You just took out a really important area of liquidity from this way over here. There's a daily high or daily low you just cleared. Let's say the four hour was bearish and you have no idea what's going on. You're just going to look at every four hour order block because you're not applying yourself and taking the time to do things right. And you're just going to say, okay, well,
You know, market's pumped. We're in a four-hour block. Then what's going to happen? Let's just say you get your 15-minute confirmation. You're being smart, and price gives you your trigger. And you're going to target this low down here. Now, let's say you took your position. You know, you were smart.
You know, you're targeting down the lows. It's like, oh, I'm in a good trade. And then guess what? How many times does this happen to you? Bam. Right. And then maybe price started coming down.
And it's because you're failing to understand that not every time the market gives you a signal, it's going to be a perfect... If it was that easy, you guys wouldn't be watching this video or you wouldn't be doing anything except you'd be on a vacation time because you'd be rich. If it was that easy, you just got to understand, really build your narrative and then trade around that because it's not as easy as just trading every order block or trading every fair value gap. If you have maybe the daily bias,
would have told you here you took out an old low and there was like a fair value gap up here. You know, and then let's say you had an order block up here that never got hit and you're just like, what is going on? You could just fix a lot of that by just zooming out the daily chart and paying attention to those levels.
I know that that was a lot for a long time. That was kind of a problem with me was when I first learned smart money a long time ago, I just wanted to trade like order box. It's like, that's what everybody does. They learn order box and then it's like, they see it work and they're like, oh my God, this is, this is it. You know, like I've figured out trading and it works for a while. And then, you know, you get that, that.
that pain streak of like when it doesn't work and then now you're like skittish of the market and you're you know making you know i i know that or hopefully this speaks to a lot of people that have um you know learned smart money and kind of gone through that because i know that it's pretty common i know i had a learning curve with it for sure so hopefully that helps you guys i'm gonna look at dxy as well
I wanted this to come farther than this imbalance. Looks like we're drawing up to this one right now. DXY is just, especially whenever it's FOMC day, it's in its own lane. And another thing too, we do have this weekly fair value gap from way, way over here. Let me see, because I have to try to draw a line from this just to get an idea of where we're at. It's crazy when you go back this far. I'm on a weekly chart. I feel like I'm on a one minute.
We are in this monthly supply, but what I'm really more curious about is this clean high right here. Because everybody wants it, and we've even talked about this monthly supply. Everybody wants this monthly supply to hold, right? Because everybody trades order, you know, actually there's a monthly fair value gap.
I would probably go with the weekly, but everybody wants the supply zone. This is going to be it. We've taken out the buy side. We're going down. But again, that draw on liquidity, it works on all time frames. I personally use it on a daily and a weekly for this kind of stuff. But look, we've got a clean high right here.
And then this gap is imbalanced. So that could be where price is coming. Also, if we look at this monthly price delivery array, or part of the array, I should say like that, let's just mark these pink. You look at your most recent order block that's kind of moving with you. If you're moving up and you just traded through a down candle, it's going to be your recent monthly institutional low. You can think of it like that. That's not really, I guess that'd be a kind of a term you could use.
Then what you want to do after that is you want to take a line from that candle, draw it left, and find a bearish order block that has a low that is higher than this level and higher than the high. So the thing with DXY, that's all the way up here. So we're in a really big range here, right? It's a really big range. But guess what's right near the equilibrium of that range, that zone?
And this is a good example of, you know, whenever people tell you that there's not algorithms that are kind of moving markets, you just show them stuff like this because that's not a coincidence. Just not. And now, again, these levels are from 2002.
So pretty interesting. This is kind of a case study for me. I want to see how this works because you're looking at this just like anything. We have a premium and a discount of each range. You know, monthly institutional order flow. We're looking at these monthly order blocks. There's a lot of money distributed from the US dollar here. And there was a ton accumulated here because we're not looking at this like we're trying to trade this. We're looking at it.
for what it is you know with the same thing you should look at all charts for is is this asset being accumulated or is it being distributed and if you're looking at the us dollar and you're seeing it accumulated that means bearish markets and vice versa if you see the uh us dollar being distributed then you can say that you distributing their money into assets but that's not what we've been seeing at all lately
We are due for it at some point. Now, today, this interest rate decision, just know if those rates come out higher than expected, just go ahead and be ready for nuclear reaction.
But if they're as expected, you know, just my advice to people when they ask me about trading FOMC is either trade with a light risk tolerance and try to get in, you know, and really early in the morning before everything really is, you know, taking place or just set it out till the end. You know, Bitcoin looks like it's moving. Did it take out this profit, this target yet? Almost. She wants it.
And this, you can see once you have, you know, prices pulling in, you know, drawing liquidity can work on all timeframes. I just use them the daily, you know, this imbalance, that's why I put my target. I think it was a one hour imbalance, but price is drawing up into that. There's orders still all through there. So you can see that price, you know, if you're playing just structure and you're not aware of liquidity, you would have said 15 minute change of character here. Oh, confirmation entry. I'm shorting. Clapped.
Because we don't look at that as a change of character whenever we're looking at the higher timeframes that are drawing us up. And we just removed a lot of liquidity. So you can kind of protect yourself from those false signals that structure will give you and the supply and demand will give you if you're just aware of the institutional structure. And institutions, they don't look at structure like we do. They don't look at it and say, okay, we're bullish. I'm going to long. They create this, right?
the reason this is getting created is because, you know, maybe there is an imbalance over here. Right. And then now there's lows here with an imbalance. So price comes out, takes that, comes into this imbalance and you're bearish because the daily is bearish. And now it's going to go back up and take out the high. And that's, that's just why you see a lot of, um, Whoa. I want to see what happens. What the fuck? I've never.
Held control. Sorry, guys, I was just interested. I've never held control while I was using the brush. But that's another way you can kind of save yourself from getting all those false signals. Because you can use confirmation entries and supply and demand correctly, theoretically, and still mess up.
Because a lot of people, maybe they looked at this and they said, we're in a 15 minute fair value gap. And I got a five minute. Oh, break a structure with a fair value gap. I'm shorting. And then you got in, you probably got really excited because it probably started tanking. And then what happened? You got stopped out. Now you're like, this shit doesn't work. But again, it's just being aware of the higher timeframes.
what they're doing and what you got to think like a bank like think like you know if you're looking at this like a market maker and you know there's maybe there's you you know you caused a sell-off up here and you induced retail to buy from you you had to push price up so guess what now you've got a daily order block right here
And I know it's not the last candle, but when I'm looking at the daily levels, I'm just looking at the biggest candle before the move down that got traded through. And you look, after price traded through it, it did kind of come back into it. So theoretically, it could be mitigated, but it's still a level to watch out for, especially when it's right near an imbalance. So you could say that institution, you're thinking like, okay, shit, I've got a lot of orders up here I need to fill, and I got to rebalance my books. I want to be net short.
How am I going to get back up and mitigate all these buy orders that I had to put in? Because what's happening in an order block, and the reason we use the last up candle before a down move or the last down candle before an up move, is that smart money is inducing retail to become their liquidity. So for instance, if smart money wants to sell, they want to sell an asset off here. They're going to have to create people to buy from them. So how are they going to do that? They're going to induce bulls by pumping price. So they're going to have to put in buys.
So then there's a lot of orders they have up here that are negative as shit because, you know, yeah, they're shorting and they are net short and they have more shorts than longs. So their books are balanced. They're making money, even though these positions are down tremendously, but they're not in the business of losing money. So they're going to try to push back price to wherever those orders are in order so they can close them. So if, you know, if there's longs up here.
And then that gets offloaded. That's going to be like a sell. That's why we use order blocks like that. I think Bitcoin just broke the... It wants it so bad. Keep watching my P&L and my phone go up. Or it won't go up and down. Yeah, there's my rant for the day. What's USDCAD doing? Reacted pretty tough off this level here. Come back in this imbalance.
I'm going to just chill on this one for now. DXY, looks like it came out and cleared the sell side. It looks like it's retraced a little too. I still, if I'm looking at this chart from an unbiased perspective, I would really like this up here. So we'll see how FOMC does with that. If I was looking at this like any asset I was trying to trade, I would be looking at this POI extremely for shorts. But we'll see how that plays out.
Also, guys, something I needed to announce on the server, too. There's a good chance that I won't be streaming tomorrow in houses. So I might be, but I'm not sure. It just depends how long it takes to... Actually, what am I saying? I definitely won't be. I won't be tomorrow because I was thinking I could... My computer will be packed up. Yeah, so tomorrow will be a no-go.
but uh friday night should be good i already got my internet and everything set up over there so let's see how gold's doing oh wow i'm pushed up tough so what i'm gonna watch for here is this fair value gap i'll set an alert
that right there um and see how price reacts so like specifically because it's probably going to happen if it does happen it'll happen after stream but uh price will come into this zone or watch and say well if price comes into the zone i'm going to scale to the lower time frames and you know what i'd look for at that point is kind of a visual of this
I'd look for price to be down in this zone and then give us something like this. Basically the same thing we just saw, but price to come down to the zone, break up with displacement, same thing. And this is what I mean whenever I say that the formulas that we use, they're the same. So we have a break of structure here or here to wherever you draw it.
i guess you could say right here because we're on a 15 minute now so you can say right there so we're looking for that right here same thing and we're going to look for this fair value gap so you're basically just looking for price to um
act in a fractal nature that low timeframes are showing the same because we're using this as a reversal pattern. So if we're going to find our POI, we're going to look for the same thing. Now, maybe you use the order block or however you do it. I tried it. If I'm using like liquidity by itself, which this play is just based on liquidity, I'm not even looking at, you know, lower timeframe. I think there's a demand zone here or something, but I'm more looking at the daily levels. You know, we bounce right off this daily order block. I mean, literally right off of it.
I think it was like, what's the low? 5.6. Holy shit, somebody's loud. But yeah, so that's kind of what I would look for once this comes back down to that zone. You got an alert set and just chill. Just don't rush anything whenever it's a day like this. If you get left out, that is better than being on the wrong side of interest rates. I promise.
If anybody's got any questions, go ahead and ask them. I'm about to get off here in a second. If not, then I'll just hop off. I just tried to click something. It didn't take me to Forex chat. I saw where you tagged me, Shannon. I don't know if he's in here or not.
You want a gold and 15? Yeah. Oh, you longed it. Oh, shit. This is gold. Yeah. Somebody from the server actually just long gold. So it's like, that's what we kind of try to do. Like, we've got a bunch of people in here that are sniping stuff on their own after, you know, they've put in that work. So it's always dope to see that. People capitalizing off the streams. That's awesome.
I think USDCAD is going to get interesting. If it sees a nice reaction off these levels, we start to push up, it's going to start moving. But again, we're playing a USD pair on FOMC. That's why when we signaled it, we played half risk, though. Sorry, I didn't mean to trail off, so I was just hyping. Can I go over ETH yet? No, I can do that really quick. Oh, shit. I don't know why my computer is not showing me.
I'm just now saying somebody asked for MATIC, too. I'll do MATIC and ETH, and then I'll hop off. Somebody mentioned something about ES and NQ, both meeting POI at the same time, and now they're off a bit. Okay, so for the divergence between indices. So what we were talking about yesterday, and this actually played out nicely. I'm not taking a cell on it, but this is a different, wrong chart.
US 30 is like, I swear this was so stressful of a trade. It was like, but basically what we look for whenever we're looking at sister divergence is basically highs and lows. So I wouldn't really look at it as POIs. I would look at it like, um, so like maybe like, I don't know, whatever timeframe you're using, I would take a 15 minute or a one hour and say, okay, well,
you know, the US 30 here has made a higher low here. Let's see if, I don't think there is any divergence this morning. So let's just say, or we'll go back to yesterday, actually, that'll be better. Let me delete all this shit. So this was yesterday morning. So the US 30 had made a higher, I think it was right here, 15 minute, I'll probably show this clear, had made a higher low while everything else, if we go,
Let me do this so I can actually see the times. So right here, we see on every other indice, everything obviously made lower. It was just dumping. We could say this was our guess for lower low. And then back over here.
We had made a lower low as well, right, on all the indices. You know, price is going down, except on U.S. 30, price is going up. So you could say that U.S. 30 is being distributed, and that's exactly what we saw. So that's kind of... NOS literally hit into that zone. That's ridiculous. Yeah, that's what I was saying. We blasted through that zone. I wouldn't even have... That's SPY. Wow. SPY even went... That's crazy. NOS was moving quicker.
But the divergence I would use is if we're making higher highs on two of them and not on the other. God, that shit smacked. I'm going to chill on this, but I could see a push down leading up to FOMC. Beef. Ethereum daily. We went over this a little bit.
We wicked right off that daily imbalance. Now it looks like we're coming up to this imbalance right here. At least into a premium of it. I don't know why it wants to start off with this old ass.
So I would look up here. There's a daily order block right there, it seems like. I don't know. I'd be more paying attention to the imbalance. We went under this previous week's equilibrium. Overall, for me, I mean, this looks terrible, if you want my honest opinion. Bitcoin, I think, has a little more upside. We could see a push-up and stop out these early shorts, fill that weekly imbalance, because the weekly, it's really close to this imbalance.
It's a tough one because we came under this last week's equilibrium. So that's not usually a good sign. You don't want to come under this. Because what that's showing is that price is not really very bullish. It's maybe not pulling towards that weekly draw on liquidity. But if Bitcoin starts to come up and take the high or anything like that, I would look for this to do the same. So really, buy side liquidity, I could mark this as well.
at this high because there's a lot of people selling short. So we've got that right there. And we've got this imbalance that we're pulling towards on a daily level after we filled this. And again, it's just playing ping pong. Daily imbalance, price came out, took the sale stops, came into the daily imbalance.
Price is pushing up, coming to this daily imbalance. Then you revisit it. That's kind of what I would be looking for on Ethereum. And after you come up and clear this and get into this range, I mean, I'm going to be gearing definitely to look for some shorts because you've got these equal lows here and then you've got sell-side liquidity under this major low. Tons of institutional stop losses. A lot of people that bought this dip, they're going to get out if we start to make lower lows. This is a huge pool of liquidity right here.
That's going to be an overall objective once we get up into these areas and start to reverse. So Matic, let's go ahead and just mark all of it up again. Looks like you've got some equal highs right here. Buy side liquidity and an imbalance over here. This is kind of too much attention just yet. The main thing I'd be paying attention to is right there.
I already went on to the last week's equilibrium. When I'm doing these last week's equilibrium, I'm doing the body. I'm not even going to mark it because we've already cleared it. The weekly looks like it could come down for sure. I would watch price here for some sales potentially. Again, you just want to make sure you're agreeing with the rest of crypto. I'm going to refine this.
Oh, I pry down to a one hour. I just leave it there. I'll actually set an alert for this. A lot of equal highs up here. So, you know, you want to get a confirmation entry. It would be ideal if he's get taken. But this looks like a potential zone where he could take it down as weekly imbalance. You know, now one could look at it like, okay, I want to trade up to that. You know, that may be your style, right? You know, it looks like right here you had a four hour change of character.
Four-hour structure is very clearly bullish. And you got a fucking massive range all the way down here. Because for me, here was your last swing range. And you didn't get a break of structure all the way up there. And no real pullback after that. So this is all one swing. If you look at that weekly imbalance, it's also in a discount. We've got a four-hour order block sitting right on top of it. So what I would look for is a...
Potential sell entry somewhere if you're going to trade counter a four-hour trend. I think you're trading with the daily and the weekly though if you're looking to sell up here. If you fill this daily imbalance, come up into this four-hour institutional candle, fill that imbalance, you maybe get let's say like a four-hour change of character here. This kind of action right here. Look for this kind of move and I would take it all the way down to these lows. And then I would look to be a buyer here. This is actually a really nice setup. I haven't looked at Matic in a while.
So that's kind of how I like to build my narrative around something like before I really, because a lot of people, they just go straight to four hour. They're going to be like, oh, you know, four hour order block, wherever. Now, I guess in this situation, you'd look right here too. But that's why it's important to me to really develop what price is doing and why it's doing that.
Yeah, guys, on that note, I'm going to hop off here. I appreciate you all as always. Somebody said, my trade I posted earlier, they don't get the entry. If you want, you can rewind this video to the beginning. We went over it in full. But yes, it was off of Fair Value Gap. And it was based off of the daily chart as well. So I won't go into that all the way. So sorry. But you can reference the beginning, like the first 10 minutes of this video.
Sorry, I didn't see it where you asked in the Discord. Do I risk 1% on Forex? I usually do, but how I announced this one, I was only risking half a percent or half my usual risk, which is half a percent. And yes, when you sign up at play, but you get access, of course, that is a Discord.
not mushy mush make sure you use my code that you get a discount if you do um yeah awesome well i appreciate you guys as always won't be on here tomorrow but um friday there's a good chance that i'll be able to make it and saturday we'll have our educational class in the private discord as usual so thank you guys too have a great day be safe out there for fomc please don't don't get fucked but anyways i'll see you guys later peace
