What's up, what's up? What's up, Hunter? Morning, Casper. What's up, man? How many miles you run this morning? Four miles. Nice.
You're going to have to start running a lot more. That GMT price is going down, brother. Oh, fuck no. No, actually, what's really funny is... I know this sounds ridiculous. Actually, it did kind of... It looks like it started to play out. I was looking at it down here, and I was like, this honestly looks like a long... I know that sounds funny after everything that happened. I think it was false news. Was it? I think so, because I haven't found any fucking...
i haven't found anything online about like except that one tweet and then nothing else like any article anybody sending me is from 2021 really and i'm like i don't know about this they're not they haven't said nothing in their discord everybody's still doing their just as normal okay that's good then yeah that's actually
Good because I was looking at this and I was like to this like I want to be that guy, but This looks like more of a long in my opinion And you could get your pull back here like I would see that I'm gonna say don't long in here, but like I'll definitely be Interested miss an alert actually down here Once we come into a little bit of a heavy Discount after this because if we look at the four hour
We're really just coming down and mitigating the last...
A little accumulation zone. Let's go to one hour maybe. Because this is really our last accumulation before a complete lift off. Yeah. And if you look, we had healthy water flow until this. Everything was healthy. Bam. Mitigated. And then kind of just lift off. So I just marked that whole zone as a big demand zone. And if you do that, you just literally came right down into it. Pretty high time frame POI. Break of structure.
And you come down, it didn't really get where I'd like you to gotten. Like, I would have liked you to come a little... Oh, actually, never mind, I did. Yeah, this is, like, pretty healthy orderful, if you ask me. I don't think I'd refine that. This was from, like, a lower time frame.
And you came down, filled the gap. This was a nice AMD setup right here because we had this big move to the downside. We left inefficiencies and a fair value gap above. Then we had this little range locked session where we kind of created liquidity on both sides. We engineered shorts early and longs here. So once that happens, you can look for price to come back down into the...
Inefficiency, also in the demand in this case, and then came up and got our second break of structure. So to me, this 15-minute has now confirmed bullous. And once we retrace down to the origin of the move that broke this supply and turned it to demand, really I wouldn't say turned it to demand, but we broke up through the supply zone. And then you look right here, we have displacement, another fair value gap.
Also, an optimal trade entry. So, I like this setup a lot. Like, I'll probably look for longs here. How many of you guys fucking longed last night when you caught that? That shit was pretty crazy. You know, I've been studying more and more, and, um...
avax and soul i swear to you follow price action recently better than bitcoin and ethereum do i know that sounds kind of ridiculous but i promise you they definitely do like i'm looking at trading them a little bit more just because it's it's more structured like bitcoin is like
Bitcoin's getting more and more to the point where I don't even want to touch it. Because you can, but your stop losses are way bigger than most of these alts. And then the expected move is way smaller. So it's like, you know, it's cool, but it's just such sloppy price action. Which is weird, because you would think it would be the more...
manipulated. Manipulated in a good way. The way we can actually capitalize off of really nicely. AVAX is looking good. A lot of stuff's priming for some shorts. To be honest, most stuff just confirmed bullish in the 15 minutes, so we might be starting to get that relief pullback.
but we can still short down to the points of interest and just be a little more aggressive with our profit taking. I was charting some stuff before I got on. XRP as well. So XRP, we came down. We'll first collect the high time frame because you always want to start there.
Originally, we came down into this demand zone, swept up all these lick wicks, you could say, because there's early longs. That's what this range was doing, was trying to engineer people to go long, really, before they should have. I'm going to refine this zone down to this wick.
But once we came back into this zone, you see we have this four-hour point of interest, I mean, huge displacement, break of internal structure, no major break of structure, but that's still fine. It shows that there is demand in this area, in this high time frame zone. You get a 15-minute.
What does price do? It comes down into this zone right here. Get a break of structure. We form this high. Also, engineering those early longs. Price is fractal. It's showing the same order flow as we saw in the high time frames. That accumulation, manipulation, distribution. We come back down and feel some probably inefficiencies within this wick. Move up, get our second break of structure. But where do we end up at? Get up in four hours supply. So after we expect this break of structure,
and we also fill this fair value gap, we can say, okay, well, you know, we might be looking for a pullback. So on the four hour, you know, it's good to go to the 15 minute and wait to get that change of character. Perfect. I mean, this is really, really nice. Now we've got one change of character here. You know, you could have already really traded this if you wanted, but we can wait until we come back into the supply that pushed us down here.
So we see right here on the 15-minute, we can draw it pretty clearly. It was this candle. You could have drawn this candle and waited. You got left behind, which is okay. Sometimes it's better to be patient, but it looks like this is the candle, and the reason why... Oops, not a flip zone. Because if we go to the one-minute...
It's in this this is actually pretty good PA as well as you see this nice Structure here. It's pretty clear where your swing stuff is in Bitcoin. It's like like nasty but
If it came back up into this 15-minute POI, you could have refined this. And the best way to refine it is really to try to find candles that are followed with displacement. So when we see here, and also a lot of selling pressure. So here, really, I see a couple possible options, and you could have plotted them all out. Here, oops, these two inside bars right there.
And then also right here, usually these wicks, these are the zones. I think this is what it hit. Yeah, that's what hit. Those are usually going to be your better POIs. You could have extended this to this bar. Once you see these, you know, a lot of selling pressure in these little tombstone doges, I think they're called. This is actually just an inverted hammer, but they can be tombstone doges as well for those of you guys. I know what I'm talking about. And then you also have liquidity on your side. So you have...
Fair value gap and then equal highs right here. So this would have been, you know, yeah, you had a high here and a fair value gap. But once you have those inducement equal highs, the early shorts are going to get stopped out. That's the purpose of that. Because a lot of people are putting their stock, even people that trade smart money, you know, they might have got in here, FOMO'd in, not knowing, understanding liquidity, and they put their stop loss right there. Or they got in up here.
And just move their stop up, which necessarily wouldn't have been a mistake saying maybe they got up with the first internal change of character and took profits pretty aggressively because of a tight stop loss. And then, you know, whatever. But whatever the reason, you could say there were stop losses resting up here in this area above these highs. So once liquidity has been removed from the market.
you can see that we come up back in and fill those unsatisfied supply orders, and price moves pretty abruptly to the downside. So once we...
See that we can come back in here. We see that we got that. Remember we got on the 15-minute. We're doing top-down analysis. This is not just the one minute. We got that change of character. So again, let's just review a little bit for our POI after a break of structure. So we can expect a pullback. Where do we expect a pullback? Well, we can look for signs of a pullback once we're in a POI, preferably a high time frame like this.
We look at the 15-minute. We have swing structure right here. Why is this a swing low? Because it's between two swing highs, the lowest point between these two highs. This is a strong low, so we should expect this to be protected. It was not. Well, it depends how you draw. I know I did get a closer, so no matter how you map breaks of structure, you got a shift in market structure here. What did price do?
It came back up and hit into this one minute POI. So now at this point, we're going to look for a return up to this zone. Now you can see there's a lot of fair value gaps here. One thing I like to do with fair value gaps, I don't really like using more than one time frame for entries. I think it kind of gets confusing, but I do like using more than one time frame to kind of look at the imbalances here. Look at this as well.
I would really say, oh, this is one imbalance. This one's going to be an interesting. We do have this one-minute point of interest.
up here that we drew. But if you look at the five minute and the three minute and the four minute, we had this fair value gap that's a little tighter than the one we're finding on the one minute and then also a pretty clear institutional candle. So you can watch. And when we're in situations like this, I think no matter how you attack this, it's better to wait for price to return up into this zone and then see that internal break of structure, the downside, maybe even two.
And then play, then get in. So what we'll do here, I will go ahead and I'm just going to move this all the way up here. That way I know I have a fair value gap through this whole area. Also, it kind of matches with the one minute. You see inefficiencies all the way down to here. So once price gets up into this zone, we could possibly look for signs of a reversal. Also, I'll actually extend this one minute.
here because I like this a little bit better. I'm guaranteed it's going to probably match up with that five minute. A little bit better than the three minute. I'm going to set an alarm. I'm going to go to the five minute and I will set an alarm.
Once price comes into this area, there's no need in sitting here and watching it. We can look at other charts. So that's XRP. It's kind of one of the ideas that I'm liking here. Now, where would we want to take it? Well, since we're playing a pullback, you know, we don't want to get greedy and we're using the one minute. I mean, we are using multiple timeframes, but we're using the one minute for entry. So we're probably going to get a pretty tight stop loss. You know, I would recommend not being greedy, probably just playing this imbalance fills down here.
Because we have this demand here that spawns this break of structure. Now, some of you guys may be wondering, well, we're going to go way lower than that. And you're probably right, but...
The thing about trading using the low time frame for executions is we're just trying to refine our risk to reward. So if we can refine our risk to reward enough to where we get a nice 5R, 6R, 7R play, why not just take it in full and then wait for a re-entry? And that's the thing that I think a lot of people have issues with whenever they start using the lower time frames a lot for entries and execution because they want to, you know.
take everything to the grave now while i look at this if i had to say i would probably say we're going to come down around here so you know you could even bounce from there because this is going to be your flip zone why is it a flip zone it's a demand zone that sponsored the leg up in price that resulted in a break of structure xrp's got fairly healthy order flow here we came back down we didn't leave all these huge gaps you can see that's mitigating right here
Comes back over here, mitigates any orders in this wick, doesn't break the low. There's your institutional candle here. We didn't come back down and tap into this when we cut over here, but it's not really too, too concerning to me. So when I look at XRP, if I was looking to long, I'd probably be looking from somewhere in this zone right here. I'd probably even mark it down to this candle.
Right there. But if I'm taking profit, or if I'm looking to short, I'm not going to be greedy. You know, really, you could short. I would say...
Just down here. Don't be greedy. Whenever you're trying to play against the trend and play pullbacks, take profits. Don't be like, oh, I'm going to take 50% and leave a runner. That's what you do whenever you think you're catching the high or low in a bull trend or a low or high in a bear trend on the high time frames. That's when you leave runners and have these really long targets.
We're kind of using external Confluence to the range we've been in to enter a trade so we can target internal liquidity on the way down and for instance if you get a nice trade set up here Let's just say you get a trade over here. You wait till there's Confirmation in the one minute get a tight stop loss wherever your stop loss ends up being
You don't need more than that. That's an amazing trade. 7.5 to 1 is phenomenal. That's 7% of your portfolio after fees, probably more. So let's not be greedy with these pullback countertrend trades because that's how you end up just giving money back or maybe not making money at all and getting sought to break even. Because at the end of the day, a break-even trade, it's not a loss,
In my book, it kind of is if you were in profits heavily. And I know you guys have gone through that and felt that same pain. You know what I mean? The fuck? There's me trying to sell followers on my Twitch feed. Just buy followers, primes, and viewers on my STEM store. Whatever the fuck that is. TRX. Oh, wow.
Motherfucker. I've been waiting. I hate when that happens. London loves to do that, too. I actually caught TRX twice yesterday. Pretty nice. But I want to... See, I've been looking to short TRX here. Ah, that's pain. We came right up into that POI. Extended to this bigger candle. We might be able to catch a re-entry.
We came up into that because this has already shifted structure to the bearish side, if you ask me. We came up into that daily POI. We got a change of character. We shifted break of structure. More inducement like that. All these impatient people. This is a good example of what I was just saying when you try to trade and then you try to extend your profits too hard. When I was trading this, I was looking and saying, okay, do I think this is going to come down pretty fucking hard? Yes.
If we don't start to break above highs, I'm looking for TRX down here, this low. That's, you know, no doubt where I'm looking to take it. But whenever we had this order flow where we, you know, at first we had a change of character, we would turn all the way up to that supply, form that lower high. Aim down here, and then you left this high right here. You didn't even really touch in any supply.
So, you know, while we're bearish and there are some short opportunities, you don't want to take these down to the bottom because we haven't mitigated the supply. So looks like I decided to do that while we were sleeping, while I was sleeping at least, and give a nice entry just to set limits right here. But, you know, that's fine. What we can do is just assume, oh, hey, well.
Well, what if we would have been just waiting for confirmation, even if we would have been up last night and wanted to trade this? Well, this is some pretty interesting swing structure. High. Here's low. High. Here was your high at first. Structure. Low. Low. Here is your initial change of character, the way I would map it. Looks like that was respected as well.
It's pile up in this zone. This is where I might go to 3 minute because it's sloppy PA. 5 minute. Seems like this water block right here was respected. I always like to draw stuff like this out and then go to the 1 minute and just see how it looked. Like see where it actually was. This is kind of like how ICT would draw water blocks. It's like those last little flurry of candles to the upside.
it's always a good learning experience to see if you're confused you'll look at a different time frame so you get a better perspective and then um you kind of you know jot that down in your mind so next time you're you're trying to plot some sloppy pa like that you can you can do so without having to scale across time frames so here we got this and then here is your demand that pushed you up into that zone so we're going to look for
The supply. Oh, that looks like it kind of hit. That hits you into that zone. Because this was really your confirmation if you're using the one minute. Came up into that zone. That was really that supply that pushed you through and got that break of structure. But I think there's still opportunity for an entry here. I took a trade like this yesterday. Actually, I'll show you guys. Right here. So here was the original kind of 15 minute POI. Double break of structure, just like we just saw.
And it's like, oh, fuck, you know, I missed the trade, whatever. So we kind of missed coming back in that supply. But there's a nice little fair value gap. Actually, no, this is a different trade. This is one that we caught it. Sorry, this is the one. Here we go. So you had missed. Here's that double break of structure. And you look back and say, oh, you know, shit, bro, we missed it. You know, wherever you drew it, this whole little zone, it seemed to be respected. You kind of missed the return to origin.
well that doesn't necessarily mean that you missed the entire play but what i did here was i waited for another break of structure saw that displacement in between that high and that low supply once price came into it we don't want to just set limits on these kind of plays we wait until price does what gives us that confirmation we need so here i've gotten one internal break of structure and then two and then right around here i got in so here what do we have
got displacement right there fair value gap and then we've got very clear supply zone inside the displacement so i still like this setup as well so we can look for a possible re-entry there i'm gonna set some alarms auto set as soon as we come to that fair value gap bronze another coin that i like the price action on it's pretty clean respected i should have held these to cut these early over here
Sand, I mean still really on the 15 minute you never shift to bearish. This was really your swing zone right in here. So sand's probably looking like it wants to take out these highs over here. I just had this on my watch list because I wasn't long as at one point I'd cut them like somewhere over in here because I didn't like the rest of the market. Oh well. I still like sand overall. It looks like it's probably wanting to.
come up and clear at least some of this liquidity, but at the same time, I think that Bitcoin just raided a shitload of liquidity, so I could see a little bit of a market-wide retracement that might pull sand back. We'll see, though. Ape. This is another coin I've been waiting on. I didn't respect that POI last night. It didn't really come up into here, either. And this is another one that it was really good PA for a while, but it started to get sloppy.
Kind of just chop, chop. But here at this point, what I would like to see is price come up into this zone right here. So when we get close to these four-hour zones and also have these four-hour fair value gaps, aim into the fair value gap a little bit. This is where I want to see us come up into this zone. You know, I would still consider playing a...
15-minute change of character play here, but I would need it to be a double confirmation. I'd need two confirmations in the 15-minute before I'd even really think about it. But we've got one here. There's your initial change of character. I use Wix for changes of character. That's just how I've found that it works better for me. That's a fair value gap. I'm just going to draw it over here. It's not in the way.
Yeah, I mean prices seeming to want to pull back, but again, I want to wait, be patient with this one. So really what I'm going to need is for us to form a little bit more of a swing leg in the 15 minute and then come up, break that swing leg again. And I also want to see healthy order flow. Like I guess this is already kind of getting cleared out. This has been mitigated. So I'd like to see a nice clean trend reversal before I, you know, you don't want to force anything.
BNB. Oh, wow. Nice. I didn't drag my mail for alerts. That was, I think, last night. BNB is pretty close to a four-hour zone as well. Yeah, I mean, there's a 15-minute zone over here that I did plot. Seems like we might be reacting to this zone. Usually, the 15-minute, you can see a better picture on the one minute. So, you got that initial break of structure, the downside, our first change of character.
You know, this to me isn't, I don't like how we didn't really ever touch, I guess there wasn't much displacement up here in these zones. And there was, but you know, I don't really see that as a super strong zone. If anything, the flip zone, because if, and this is where you get, once you start to understand these order blocks for supply and demand zones a little bit better, because I know a lot of people have trouble picking out which ones. And here you'd say, oh, like here's our order block.
You know, we had the displacement after it. Well, I mean, you had displacement. You know, there's still a gap there for sure. Still valid POI. You know, it'd be nice if price would return to that. But when you really look, you kind of had demand down here in this candle. They did what? I mean, it's not a huge major break of structure, but it did sponsor market structure break. You can say, okay, we've got demand here, right? You see price came. Actually, it was probably a little higher.
No, oh, yeah, I'd say right here so price so this supply pushed us down into this demand and Nothing, we couldn't really break through it at first price kind of had a pullback right here this inside bar Came down still couldn't beat it. You couldn't break the load on there So then what price came up then you saw more a new introduction of supply and what did this supply do it flipped? This zone of demand
So you get the internal structure break, but the key takeaway is you flip that zone of demand. So you can call this a flip zone. It's going to be stronger, and you can see price reacted very nicely to it. So when we come down here, we actually have another flip zone. So once we hit this zone, let's see what pushed us back up into this flip zone. What demand was that? Well, it's going to be somewhere over in this region. Let's say probably right here. I don't know.
Yeah, yeah, I'd say probably right here because also if you look right afterwards it kind of reacted to this a little bit better So what broke this low was the last push? This zone right here. So you've got another flip zone right there
You got whacked out if you played limits off that. So I wouldn't have looked at IQ. But with these flip zones, when you're learning them, a lot of people say it's like, oh, it's way more confluence. And a lot of times they react way more impulsively. But in my opinion, you got to really wait for confirmation. And then you need to take profits heavily at this recent low most of the time. Now, it seems like price came down again. Got that second break of structure. I guess really, let's see.
And this is how you could have played internal. And this is an early entry, but once you get those flip zones, I like that. So hand down, get that change of character. Second break of structure on the one minute. I actually like this setup too. I wouldn't set limits, but very value gap.
This is also going to be a flip zone to me because it pushed the price down pretty hard, broke through any demand that had sent us back up to this zone. These are really all flip zones. So you can see what this is showing is it seems like demand is getting overtaken by supply pretty hard here. So at this time, what I would do is just wait because I know it seems like, oh, it's left us behind. And it definitely may have, right? That's totally fine, though.
I do that long lines long. But here I would see more liquidity above this high right there. A fair value gap. And then you've got your original flip zone. So for me, this is where it would need to come for me to consider longing it. I'll set alerts and move on. And this is kind of how you can start your mornings or start your weeks. Just go through your charts.
map out everything, figure out very solid parameters, like, what do I need from this in order to do, like, if, then, that's how you have to think, it has to be mechanical, and you don't think, oh, dude, I missed it, fuck, I'm going to short here at this order block, it's just not how you do it, because, you know, may you have missed it? Sure, definitely, but, you know, you're going to miss trades all the time, you know, whatever, totally okay, so.
Leave it here. Come back to it later. Where do we look to be taking it? Well, since BNB actually on the four hour recently shifted bullish.
And it looks like you, I don't think you came back down on a premium yet. Because here, this was your swing high. You got a four-hour closure above it. And that liquidity grab afterwards. And then you saw that retracement. It's a textbook. Because, you know, usually after you see break a structure, you're going to look for a pullback. When are you going to get a pullback? Well, once you tap into an area of supply maybe. Or this is another very common. This is what you see at Bitcoin at all-time highs always does. Get that second pump fake liquidity grab.
And then we come back down. Where are we going? Well, end game. Probably somewhere in discount of the whole range. So, probably maybe this POI and this WIC. A lot of liquidity is going to get swept there. Fair value gap. Ideally, though, we want to come down in here.
i think i need to i'm gonna run out of alarm spots again i'm gonna have to upgrade back to premium soon i thought i didn't need it but i do then we can wait down here wait for price to come in this zone and then then we repeat interest for longs for me at least because i think crypto is going to come down pretty hard and while bnb has shifted bullish we can usually expect a pullback and then also kind of you know complement that bias with the general state of the market
BNX. This one is one that I actually, we were looking at on stream before. I don't know what it is, but it looks bullish to me. It's creating nice daily swing structure. It's not using huge, massive moves to where you don't have to come down a ton to be in that discounted price range. So really here, I'm looking to take price. If we can come down, I can't remember where I have this alarm set from.
why do i put it down there i want to actually move this up a little bit just and you know this doesn't mean i'm going to long it here but it does mean that i'm going to interest in it for fair value gap i'll probably put it right here all right you see these big body down candles right before i move to the upside oh xrp looks like it's coming back up into our zone all right this is not i'm going to delete that so you guys don't try to just long it so
What I'm going to wait for here is a double change of character to the downside. And from that point, we might be able to look for some shorts here. I'll go ahead and delete this. But really, I want us to come up in here. Remember, this is where I really want us to come up into. Preferably even fill these gaps. So we don't want to rush this. Kind of keep an eye on it.
Now if you guys have any questions now's the time to ask them and I've kind of just been going about a couple different coins But if you got any questions at all, just go ahead and shoot them off drop some coins you want to do TA on All you kind of wait on XRP to unfold
Hey, I got a question. So when Bitcoin had the liquidity grab but swept the lows, when it came back to that demand, I played a limit order and ended up getting stopped out. I was looking on the one minute for a change of character, and I wanted your take on it to see where I could have changed or what I could have done differently. So let me guess you long, like right here. Go back. Zoom out. Whenever it swept the lows, it created a demand zone.
You mean like way, wait, like recently or like way? Like a couple of days ago. Oh, okay. Whenever like swept it was like, I don't know, Wednesday maybe? Yeah, let me go to like the one hour. So, like back here? Yes, exactly. Okay. Then you took longs from where exactly? Oh, shit. Probably maybe right here or something? Yeah, somewhere in that range. I'm trying to think where you would have got swept.
Hold on, let me pull up my chart. Oh, my phone. Yeah, Unchart a lot of this shit. Oh, you mean maybe over here. I'm going way far back. I was back like in the 12th. Yeah, I was talking about the most recent one. We had that big red day of like 5%. Yes, that's exactly right there. So, did you play maybe right here or something? I had the right area, but it got stopped out by like barely any. Me and Johnny were on it. I don't remember. Let me find the price point.
All right, this is Bobbit chart, but it was on 28,500. 28. Hmm. I see. I'm just trying to figure out where would you use your stop because I see like right here. 28,500. Are you on Eastern Time? Central. Central. So it would be like 6 for me. I'll give you the exact day. 28, yeah.
Yeah, it was May 27th, actually. Okay. 27th, like. May 27th, 18th. Yeah, no, you're good. So that's like, no, that's fine. 1900. So I'm trying to think. Do you possibly have, Tia, just because I want to see, because I just, I'm trying to see. Yeah, if you could drop a picture in crypto chat, that'd be awesome.
I'll leave my laptop. Just stay with whatever you want, but I'll send it. Then you go back to it. Gotcha. So here, XRP is coming up into this zone. Let's see how we react. So here, what I'm kind of looking for is an internal breakup structure followed by a second internal breakup structure. And I want clean market structure here. I'm not going to force anything.
and we did move kind of abruptly into the zone which is what i would prefer whenever we're coming up into these zones that's what you want also i'm curious i'm going to draw a gann box just to see i've been using these for equilibrium they're better oops they're better in my opinion than using like a fib retracement tool it doesn't show you the values but you can kind of eyeball it so now we just wait and see what price wants to do
Hopefully form some nice little tight market structure here where we can break structure and still get a nice entry without having to push down too far to get that. I'd rather just make a new high right here, like maybe an inside bar, new high. And that way you can move your internal low up, break it, watch for price to come to that supply. You want it to mitigate real nicely, then break that low again. And then you can play, depending on how you want to enter, you could play a market entry there or limits upon the.
the overhead supply. Usually when we're playing a one-minute zone like this, I'll just mark and enter because you don't have to necessarily see that order flow come all the way back up in. It's an ADA. Still feel like it could be a good short. Yeah, I'll peep ADA. Give me... Actually, I'll go ahead and start doing it on the chart below. I just want to keep an eye on this in case I'm not looking. Even though the banks are closed and stuff, a lot of these algos are still running, so we might see the same structure.
Then we usually do which is usually we have this London expansion of the downside that we saw starting on 2 a.m.. Yeah, it was perfect on extension the downside and then we'll see that New York retracement and continuation after the London close
So that's another thing to be mindful of. We're at 10.12 a.m. right now. 10.30, you usually start to see a lot of volatility. So that's why you want to be picky with these entries because you could get stopped, hunted out. You got to be just very mindful of all the times of what's going on around you. Cardano. Okay, so in the four hour, we're in this POI right here. Fair value gap has been filled.
that already so now at this point you know we're in a four hour point of interest so we can go ahead and mark that up keep an eye on XRP for the 15 minute here so now what I would like for you to do is form some solid swing structure in here you really got it right here this is not the prettiest but you got it right here
So what I'm looking for is for price to change character to the downside. So say if we just come right here and we just go, you know, don't make any new highs, but then you come down and clear this. Bam, come up to that supply, clear it again, come up to the supply. Down you go. And you could just take profits here. Now that would be the more conservative entry. So XRP is reacting that zone pretty nicely.
Ideal I'd like is to push up and make a new high. Doesn't look like it wants to though. Oh, maybe. Tap into that equilibrium, that'd be ideal.
But yeah, ADA, I think it's framing up to be a very nice short, but I do think this needs some more time. For me, just because when you're in these four-hour zones, I want to see that 15-minute change of character. Now, you could probably catch some scalps, you know, say, I mean, it's really, actually, you've got the same structure in the one minute. This is really your swing low, your high. So, you know, with ADA, I would preferably wait to see that 15-minute change of character.
But then you do have a lot of inefficiency to fill the low. So I'm just go ahead and throwing this up here. I'm not taking these yet into them. We haven't even got this change of character downside yet. So this is not a trade idea. It's not. I'm just putting it there because it's easier to get to take profit set up and everything beforehand. Hey, Casper. I dropped it in the stream chat. Got you. Let me peep it.
The main question I had was, I understand why I got stopped out. I should have played it under the lows, but I was going for too close of a stop. But I was looking for a change of character on the one minute because I wanted to get back into it because, I mean, I like the setup. Right. But I never could find one, and I wanted to see if you could point out to me where there was one or if there never was an opportunity. Now, were you... Let's see. Okay.
Oh, okay. I see. So really just your stop loss was just too tight is all it was. Okay. Yeah, that's all it was. So in this situation, what I would have done is really you would have set the...
Your stop loss, if you were playing this zone, it should have been under that wick, like the major wick, which you can see wouldn't have been. Yeah, like, let me pull it up. Under the liquidity, right? So right here, yeah, it would have been under this. But I see the play was right, because you look, you got this change of character right there.
So we came back down into it. Your play was right. I don't know why I'm so zoomed in. So your play was right. So what you could have done if you wanted to get a tighter stop loss was wait until price came back down into this on the one minute. What time frame is this? 15? If we look at the 15, you can see where you had an initial change of character on the internal structure.
That was actually pretty. You probably didn't really get a very easy entry because right here would have been your internal high. You can see broke that. You formed demand in this zone right here. And you see right over here, price came back into it. So that could have been your confirmation entry to get maybe a tighter stop loss. You see what I mean? You wait until it comes down into your POI, internal break of structure on the 15 minute, which is going to be a break of swing structure on the one minute. Look for the demand that sponsored it.
So it's probably this candle right here. This is a tricky one. But there was a play, and you could have set your limits here, stopped here. And you would have still had a little worse risk reward than you had. But you probably wouldn't have gotten stopped out. And also, another thing, too, I see our target right here. If you're going to play these trends like this, like so, for instance, you've got to change the character to the upside. You're coming down, and you're playing this zone. Well, we're going to target up here.
I kind of just drew that up on the fly because I deleted the TA. Right. Oh, okay, okay. Kind of cool. Yeah, right here is where you would target. Now, you could have taken profits. This would have been a good take profit. A very good one. That was where my original one won. That was my first. Then the breaker block high, where it tapped the supply up there at the top wick. That was my second TP. Yeah, so those are good.
Yeah, so you had the right idea. Just the stop loss was a little too tight. Oh, XRP is doing what I want it to. Did it give us an alert right here? I don't think it passed under it. Let's see what's low of this candle. 3992, 3992. Now we formed equal lows. There we go. Nice. So here, now we can move this up. I don't know why that alert triggered. Because now we have a candle. And this is our new internal low. Why? Because this candle broke.
right this candle broke this candles high so this is your low made higher high higher high high high so now we're starting to get that tighter market structure that you want to see whenever we are looking for these change the character you would you know ideally you want to squeeze as much as possible because remember if we're playing these zones you want us to be able to get a the best risk reward possible and also you want to make sure you are shifting bearish
So while we are in a one minute zone, I mean, in all honesty, probably could have set limits here if you wanted, you know, you wouldn't have been wrong to do so. But, you know, the stuff turns around on you. It does, you know, so you got to be vigilant of what you're doing and patient. Let stuff develop. Don't be afraid to miss stuff. Because in the process of missing stuff, you're going to learn a lot.
And it sucks. We want some missed trades. I've seen times when I'm in chat and I've seen people miss my limits. They didn't get filled and they're freaking out. And I get it. It does kind of suck.
If you notice yourself getting that emotional flair, and believe me, it happens to me. I won't sit here and act like it doesn't. For instance, if I set a limit and I wait for it forever to hit and then it misses just by a hair, does that put me in a bad mood? 100%. A very bad mood. But do I freak out and want to chase it? No. And I can tell by the energy of some individuals where they're like, oh my fucking god, no, no. Re-entry, re-entry. A lot of these people are just going to FOMO back in.
What that does, not only is it bad for your money, but it's bad for your brain because now you're instilling those habits and you're validating that kind of behavior. It may work for you and that's going to be even worse because I'm a firm believer and when you look at trading, when you're learning, you don't necessarily just look at it as how much money you're making because a lot of the time when you're making that money, you're getting lucky.
While that is nice for your pockets, it's going to be bad for them in the long run because what you're going to do is you're going to instill bad habits while you're gaining control of even more money. So then at some point, if you don't fix those bad habits, you're going to lose a lot of money rather than the small amount or no amount you'd have lost by just taking a small loss or missing a trade.
That's something I would like to touch on is just make sure whenever you're out here in the field trading on your own that you're being patient. Once you start to see yourself miss trades, you're growing because it's not easy to do that.
Maybe it was because your TA was wrong. Whatever the reason is, you're going to be able to look at it in a non-emotional state of mind. If you get in and you win, then you're like, I don't need to learn. You don't maybe consciously think that, but you don't put that same effort in as if you maybe had lost or missed the trade. But if you lost, then now your psychology is fucked up because you're wrecked from a loss. Maybe not.
fine you know completely wrecked but it does affect you to take losses like that because it it hurts your confidence and it also just puts you in not the greatest state of mind the supply was in this wick here ideally i want to see this get pushed up now so we can push this internal high up really right there the reason why i'm pushing it up is because
We now had a candle, and this is being pretty aggressive with this. We're using substructure. So, you know, you had this candle push up here. Now, while no new, like, crazy highs were made, like that pushed down and broke this structure on here, you did see right here, this candle, this candle after it made a new low. This candle afterwards made a new high. So now you've got really tight market structure. So now let's just see what happens here.
Because price really hasn't shifted all the way bullish yet. At all. On the internal structure. Excuse me. So you see here. Because remember, where did we push up into this supply? This was our low. What happened here? And the equal lows, we didn't break it. So the order flow at this point was still bullish. It looks like we're breaking under it. But maybe not. Might want to make more equal lows. Oh, it did break under it. I guess TradingView alarms are just broken right now.
It broke under it by one tick. Oh, wait. No, no. Sorry. I misread that. More equal lows. I was reading the close as the low on the first candle. So, you know, the order foot still hasn't shifted bearish yet on the one minute. The internal order foot. Now, the swing structure. All right. Let's see if...
Yeah. I mean, you're really still bearish in the swing structure. This is really your swing. So, you know, yeah, you're still in this, but you haven't really, you came up into this point of interest, but you haven't, price hasn't showed an immediate desire to push down yet. Now we are getting a reaction from it. So we can infer that, you know, this supply zone probably correct, but there might be more orders within it, or it might not be strong enough to hold and it might get broken. So this is going to save us from
you know, having to get in these trades and wait and bite our nails and, you know, hope that it works. It'll give us a little bit more of a confirmation. You know, since once we get a break of structure here, oh, we get another one and you can move stops just to the high. That's what I would do. I don't, most recent high over here. And then, you know, kind of just move from there. I will say right here, I want these equal, these are equal highs. I'd like this to get cleared out. That'd be ideal. Clear out to have an equilibrium.
As you can tell, price is becoming weak. Coming up in the supply zone in one minute, and it's starting to want to sell off. Price is still deciding what it wants to do here. This is kind of like that internal battle of supply and demand. I'll open up a second chart. It's like watching grass grow. Let's get Bitcoin. Actually, I kind of wanted to wait so I can get a full screen view of it. We'll take a look at it.
I'll just leave this alone. When you trade, do you take into consideration what directional bias Bitcoin is? Yes and no. I mean, yes. Like, for instance, last night, I took some scalps on some shorts, but I didn't really want to push it because when Bitcoin was where we're at, up in this zone, we really hadn't seen any kind of change of character.
And we kind of still haven't. So that's another reason why you don't want to be super, super crazy with these take profits on the shorts. You want to be trimming. You want to take profits sooner than later. The one thing I will say for Bitcoin now, main thing... Wait, this fucking bottom chart's fucked up. I'm honestly going to wait to do Bitcoin. I'll give you guys kind of a sneak peek. We cleared a shitload of liquidity with these highs right here. And you can see that four-hour closure closed under it.
So you can kind of say, okay, maybe that was a liquidity raid. XRP is breaking up from the first level. So to move this supply up here, I'm just going to draw this whole zone. So now we'll wait. Some people may have taken that already, but I'm personally wanting to wait.
And then another reason for that is whenever, like you said, when we're watching Bitcoin, we want to make sure we get, if we're in a short while Bitcoin hasn't really given me a short yet. Although I will say Bitcoin price action is just terrible. It's just, lately it's just so bad. Just Wix on Wix. So many levels just get violated. It's just total manipulation to the point where it's like you have to trade with a really wide stop loss. So I won't, you know, I pay attention to its overall structure, but.
I don't necessarily need a short entry on Bitcoin to give me a short on other things, if that makes sense. Because you came above all those highs, the range highs, sold off, came back, tried to come back on a sign of weakness. So it's kind of a sign of distribution. It's not confirmed yet, but you had a lower high displacement afterwards. Price is coming up into that zone now. So we're fine. Appreciate that. Yeah, for sure.
So now, it'd be nice to see price come back up in to this zone. We'd make a nice, maybe inside bar here, high, and then you have a low. That's how you can kind of get that structure to where you have a cleaner entry. There we go. So really, this is going to be your new low. Go ahead and delete the scan box. I don't like that we didn't clear these equal highs, though. We'll say that. Maybe a little bit, like a three pip. Similar structure on Bitcoin here once we reach the supply.
Equal lows, relatively equal. Nice displacement up into the range. Seeming like you want to break down from here. Not going to touch Bitcoin though. I'm about, honestly, at this point, I don't even like, like the alts have cleaner price action than Bitcoin. No bullshit. A lot of alts do. So for me, I'm kind of like, so now I've got this. So now at this point, do this number. What is this? 404.
I'll go ahead and set limits for 404. Stops at 4018. 35%. So now we wait. And your targets are right here. I would go 25, 25, 25, 25. That's how I would do it. That's being pretty aggressive. Pricey price clear these lows. Hopefully that'll give us enough juice to sweep that liquidity push back up in the supply. We'll see how it plays out. Also formed a nice little fair value gap here.
And I know that a lot of people, they're looking at this and you FOMO in right here, that kills your trade because you go from 4R to 2R, just like that. And that's also, that's why I don't really like market ordering upon this right here happening because when you market order in this, I mean, you can literally see there's a fair value gap. So you got Freyfield down here.
I'd rather miss the trade than that happen. Because then you're just in a shitty R trade, you know, hoping that it works out. It's not really my style. I've had it happen. It's not fun. So I've cleared these equal lows. Let's see if we can get the reaction we want. Actually, this isn't even a flip play. I would actually take this a little farther. I forgot this wasn't a flip play. I would trim heavily, though, these zones. I'd probably take out this one.
So I'd probably go, at this point, I'd go 25, 50, and then the rest down at this level. What was this from? Oh, actually, I'd take it to this inefficiency. That's right. Not to label that. Very similar structure here on Bitcoin. Except you haven't really gotten... Or no. Yeah, you have. See, it's just shitty. It's just so choppy. X-Ray is a lot cleaner, in my opinion. Look at that. Bam, came back up into this supply. Oops.
Right there. Now you've left this. Clear to close. Alright, will you take a peek at FTM? Sure. Alright, I was going to tell you, that calculation for the risk management is great. Yeah, it's beautiful. It can revolutionize your trading real fucking quick. Do I have three or four XRP targets? These right here. I swear I'll lose 40% of my trades, but I'll still be making money because of that. Yeah, exactly.
Wish I had known about it sooner. Right. I need to post this. I'll look at FTM in like two seconds. You're good. No rush. Yeah, FTM. I'm going to set alerts for this so I know when I get filled. Okay. So first thing I'm noticing is you have this zone of demand, this kind of rally-based rally here. On the weekly, these were probably buy to sell Wix. This inside bar.
So if we go back, we got a nice daily zone right there that obviously just completely got annihilated. So when we're looking at this, I'm looking at what really pushed us through this. I see this massive wick here. And I also see this above. But I don't really see that displacement from here as much. So I'm just going to draw this whole range just to see. We'll come back to that in a second. But this wick I'm interested in.
And we came like up into it. So let's just see because this is gonna you can find a flip zone here because this demand got absolutely obliterated Now it wasn't necessarily the craziest, you know point of interest like something down here Seems like you did tap into that probably weekly demand down here. Yeah, you did Still left a little bit of a gap. I didn't even really tap Depending how you drew it I guess whatever. So you mark this up
So when we're looking at our general structure on FTM, this is where you really shifted bearish was back there on the weekly. A lot of overhead supply that at some point I'd like to be satisfied, but we'll worry about that later. Probably refine this as well. But you always want to know where your levels are on the weekly. So I'll say this is our weekly high. This is our weekly low.
So we're pretty far down here in this zone. Now, that's not to say we won't be able to catch shorts and it won't continue the downside. I'm not saying that. But go back to this daily. We did tap on this weekly demand, and you see this internal change of character here on the daily. All that was showing was we probably were pulling back, which we did, this WIC, which I like this WIC. So we're going to 4-hour now.
and supply zone it doesn't didn't really push into it like i like but you did feel pretty big imbalance there so that could have been the culprit for that so um now if you look we had a very clear internal change of character right here second which we had right there so you could say price is bearish it's respecting that expectational order flow
So now we'd look, okay, we're pretty bearish here. You know, your weekly low is down here, but you've got some weak lows right here, here, and here, because this low did not make a new swing high. So, you know, you could say we've got some targets for shorts. So now we would look how to position ourselves. Well, you've got a four-hour point of interest. What is price doing here? It hasn't really given what I would need. I actually like this setup that's forming, though.
So what I'd like here, and I haven't traded FTM a ton, really, but I don't really know how it works with price action, like how it respects it. But let's see. So what I'd like to see is a breakdown below this level, return up here, and then you could look for short entry there. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to make this a little longer, label it so I know what it was, add an alert.
This is actually a pretty nice setup for me. The thing is, last time I tried to trade FTM, it just broke through this and just never returned. That was when the market was straight pissing, but still, I like to see that healthier order flow. If we get left, no harm, no foul. Yeah, exactly. Let's see if she comes back for us. Obviously, take that off right there.
Move this over. It's still on 404. Did you end up getting an XRP? No, I'm still waiting. I like this to a right optimal trade entry of the swing if this is where it reverses. It could go a little farther and still be the same story, but we'll see. I'm not going to chase this one. GMT looks like it's found an imbalance, but it's got equal lows on the last dump, I guess you'd say. It's relatively equal. It's not quite a T.
Like, you mean, like, to the law, like, fill in this and bounce right here? No, no, no. I'm talking about for a short. Okay.
It's on the 4-hour where they're equal. Well, they're not exactly equal. I see. There's trendline liquidity, and then this right here. I think this actually got cleared. But I see what you're talking about. I still would look at it. The one thing I will say for GNT, though, is I think this is a more bullish chart on the 15-minute. So if I were to short, I would just be shorting down to these imbalances here or here at the max. And here, you're kind of pushing it, in my opinion. It'll probably go there, but you're going to see a very choppy path.
GMT fucking stopped my shorts out last night. Damn, I grabbed this wick right here. Yeah, that lick wig, yeah. London stock raid every day. That's one thing about trading at night. Last night, I was actually up pretty late last night. I caught soul shorts and AVAX shorts like three times.
i was like i was trading at like probably like 10 and i was catching shorts and then i was like wait fuck dude and like i was in a short on solo i actually posted it in crypto chat but i didn't signal it but i was up and then i was gonna hold to my targets and i was like fuck that i'm gonna take profits but i already know what's gonna happen at 2 a.m because it was like looking here let's go back i'll pull it up
I'd taken... I think I still have it on here somewhere. Yeah, I had taken... I didn't trim as much as I'd like, but I'd taken shorts here. I'll show you guys exactly what happened.
So here, oops, we're in a 15-minute zone. So it was cool to play one-minute change. And this is the price action on Sol is so much better than Bitcoin. So change of character, bam. Played that first change of character. Actually hit it like to the penny. And then came back up, gave a second entry, but I didn't take anything. I think it was right here, actually. This is what I want XRP to do, by the way. No, but not this part, though. But no, once we came back down this TP1, I had taken profits. And then it was like somewhere in this region right here.
I was like, damn, it's almost 2. I was like, yeah, I'm just going to close this. And I was like, literally, I closed it at like 2. Or not 2. I'm sorry. At like 1.30. And then I literally looked back at my shit at 2. And I was like, oh, my gosh. Thank fucking god. But then I just waited for another reentry. Because you got the same setup right here. Bam. Broke that. Order block right in this zone. But I ended up taking this one. And then that was all she wrote. But this one was easy. It was just real quick. In and out. Down to there.
AVAX as well. All these coins, I will say I'm looking for longs on them once we get to where I want to be at. Same thing over here with AVAX. You actually got your change of character here with AVAX. I'm going to delete all this because it's kind of choppy.
AVEX could be set up as well. Let's see. I'm not really rushing to get into a shitload of shorts, though. I'd rather just focus and chill on one. Nice little liquidity grab here, too. We've got a flip zone as well down here. I'm just going to watch this one. You can use this to study and just see what happens. No reason to ape into everything.
You get this demand zone right here. It just pushes you right through it. And this demand zone, you could say, was somewhat strong. I mean, it broke through two levels of internal structure. So those of you that are wondering what flip zones are, so you have that demand. You could also call this a breaker. It depends how you look at it, which would lead you to using it. Actually, that makes me almost kind of want to use this whole zone. So that's where you can kind of mix two schools of thought.
together and start to get your own perspective on stuff you know it's like this is more ict this is kind of supply and demand just let's just see if we get a reaction to either of them so i'll leave this over here so it's not so cumbersome then the thing is with this is i would rather like if i was looking to trade this i would rather you come up into this zone personally because then you'd be filling that more gaps you're coming back more into that optimal trade entry
And you're filling gaps here as well, but you're looking at, I'll just do it to the high to the low. You're coming into discount here, but not up into this deeper discount. And maybe you're a little bit more risk on and you take trades like that. And they do hit sometimes. I will say they definitely do hit. This chart's kind of ugly, but one looks, I mean, in my opinion, looks decent for a short. It's really choppy though. Yeah, you're under about everything. Let me look at perp charts.
You tapped weekly demand from back in early 2021. I guess if you draw like this, I'd still look for it to come lower, though, to be honest. Yeah, I took the whole, those two weeks. Yeah, yeah. I mean, it could definitely. If you start to see like a, you know, a daily break structure or something off this, yeah, but I do like, even though it's a tiny fair value gap, maybe I'm going to pick you, but I would rather have that.
So we're here. I already know. I'm going to go back to the perp chart. I just wanted to get a little more insight so we know that the weekly high and low is what we can see on perps. Sorry. Actually, it's up here. So we know that at least. Eventually, we'd look for stuff up here. We have no reason to look for that yet, but I'm still going to mark it up while I'm on this chart. So in the daily, I don't really see much strength here.
So our nice little, oops, our initial relief bounce, and you care to the downside. Next little relief bounce, what was it doing? Just mitigating. Then you get banned. Okay, and you care to the downside. I can say, use this candle. Maybe we could have even used the...
Body here. No, doesn't look like it. Could use that whole candle. And we're using internal structure. You don't have to get super pinpoint. See the displacement came in. Somewhere probably in this candle once we refine this. But you can say this is, we're seeing pretty bearish water flow here. So then we can refine that daily zone up to this.
And you're going to look at all this down here. Look at all that. Tons of liquidity. Also sitting on this demand. So we'll see, because we could, you always got to remember, we're pretty beaten down on the weekly, right? So let's see what the immediate bias would be using this 15-minute once we hit this POI down here. Delete that, because we already know.
If you look at that, so here we had our low, made a new low. So our new high is the highest point in between. Closure above. You got one break of structure. So after a break of structure, what do we look for? A pullback. So we came into this four-hour point of interest and also the 15-minute if you wanted to use this institutional candle. So here, what I would look for, looks like we already got. So you would say, okay, this was your change of character to the bottom.
Right there fears and wax and it could be a liquidity grab I don't like it kind of came back back down into here and hit both of these Didn't really go up as much as I'd like either preferably here For me to see like healthy order flow. I'd rather see you come up into this zone. I'll actually set an alert for this So that's what I would rather see it seems like this might have been your zone It's in it's in premium. So I mean, it's it's not necessarily invalid. I'll still mark it up just to see
the price does not flip actually it kind of was a flip as well more look at it he did flip to this demand i'll leave that so let's see what price did in the one minute when we came up here i don't i don't like this though you got that fat ass candle right there you did not clear and i don't know how one kind of reacts with price action
But I don't like that. I would rather you cleared that out. Maybe even come all the way up into this because this is gonna be that 15-minute wick. Can you see a 15-minute wick? It's oftentimes a one-minute order book. I'm actually gonna extend this right there. One second. That's for the TPs for XRP. Is that picture blurry? I don't think it was blurry. Maybe it was. I don't know. Oh, yeah. One. Here.
You could refine this all the way up. This is what I would rather see here personally. This goes back to saying, I mean, at least this, if not up in here, because when you're really looking at this, look what we just did on the one minute. Look at this price action. We had that POI. Oh, it's been tapped, but we left a nice bit of liquidity up above here. So let's go back to the 50 minute. What do we have here? Oh, we have a POI. It's been tapped, but we left a nice little bit of liquidity up here.
So this is one that I would be pretty conservative with and patient. Once we got up here, I would just play a regular one-minute change of character. But if we're in here, I'm going to need... I probably wouldn't even really just mess with it because I don't trade one that much. And I'm not familiar with how it reacts to some of these price action concepts. Some of these alts, like the major alts react nice to it, but some other coins, they just...
Generally follow the story that you're getting from the PA, but you'll get wicked out or it's just sloppy. It's funny. It's like Bitcoin is like that now. If I've even been backtesting, it's just like you can obviously trade Bitcoin. I'm not saying that, but your stop losses have to be so much wider than a lot of coins.
You could say this I'm still gonna leave this is your m15 flip zone because you did flip this demand It is a one minute or it's refined, but I'm just gonna still leave it there just so I know It was from so now price comes up here See if you really your price went on the one minute still pretty broad. It's still really this you never really traded outside of this right here, so
Kind of see how that works out. I would say once you get up in here, you'd like a one minute break of structure, but you could watch internal structure as well. Again, though, we really want us to come up into this zone. Let's go look. Was it AVAX that we were looking at we weren't going to take? There's something else I wanted to just see how it played out. Yeah, it was AVAX. So we'll come back to AVAX and...
uh whatever i've already forgot one let me add that to my list before i really do forget i'll mark them both so we can kind of review this together that's how you learn like you don't have to to do to take an execute a trade on everything you don't you just don't come on xrp i'm gonna peep soul because i am still in some soul
Sorry, I never got into that four-hour zone. You came into the imbalance, didn't fill it all the way. That's why I marked this IPA. It's just the complete fill of an imbalance. Seems like we're seeing this similar structure here across the board. So it was a little cleaner. You see we had this internal structure. This is cleaner than like one, for instance. So we had this push to the upside. You broke it, supply right here, wicked into it. Broke this, supply right here, or in this wick, wicked into it.
You see what I mean? You're seeing the mitigation of these orders happen pretty quickly. And the one minute's going to look more like this, like these clean reactions to these order blocks. That's just an example of what stuff looks like. And then you zoom in at the lower time frame. Once you're able to see things like that, you'll be able to maneuver a little bit quicker. And it takes time, but you'll be able to, you kind of just see it. You don't have to draw it every time. So here really, you got an actual, this is actually pretty nice.
Get that that was an actual structural break there cuz yeah, you came down here and you made a new low Now you shifted bullish, you know, whatever you ultimately took scalps came up here You could even come higher, but we're in that 50 minute POI you got a break of swing structure on the one minute You've got two potential zones. You'd look at Preferably the higher one also. This is your flip zone though
And at this time, I've been in these for a while. I'm still holding them, but I'm just studying and I'm just watching how price reacts. That's it. That's all you do. And you just kind of get more used to it, get more familiar with it. That way, you know, next time you're, okay, I remember, you know, this coin reacts really heavily to flip zones. You know, you also can say in this scenario, it's pretty bullish in the 15 minute. You got the nice structure here.
Change your character, break your structure to the upside. You came down, you got... This is a flip zone. It's an example of a flip zone. Why? Because you flipped this supply from this demand. And this is why I don't like breaker blocks as much. They love breaker blocks, but look at this. Oh, here is your breaker block. Yeah, that held really nicely. I just don't like them by themselves. Now when they...
Are in the same area as a flip zone and this is what a trip some people up to because I just said I'll break your box Right here, and then you've got a flip zone This is why I don't play those and you got a reaction, but then you got quickly Clapped for lack of a better term Now here we see this break a structure upside Nice bullish structure here, but then finally what happens? Oh we shifted
Okay. We came in this 15-minute supply, absorbed all of it. Then you have this four-hour imbalance that we were really pushing into. We didn't get up into the main zone, which would have been ideal, and you didn't feel that inefficient price action right here. You kind of did, though. You came into it.
Who knows? Now you look, once you're in that, you know, you can look at supply and demand as POIs, but you can also look at, you know, above an old high or below an old low, whatever you're using, that they're all.
because you're in a fair value gap. So once we're in that, you're in a POI, get a change of character. Remember, we're expecting a pullback. We've been running. Now, does that mean we're going to short this down here? This is what I see a lot of people make mistakes. Absolutely not, because this is bullish order flow. We have to expect that we're going to continue at some point. We might not, because at the four hour,
We are still pretty bearish. But also remember, weekly demand here. We came into a guarantee there's going to be demand somewhere in this WIC that we reacted to. Okay, nice. You see what I mean? And also, there's a lot of untouched supply up here. Also, you're not at a premium whatsoever.
So it's not like you're getting the craziest entries for shorts. Now, if you're up here, say if you waited until we come all the way up here, you get a double 15-minute change of character, you enter in the... Yeah, you swing that shit all the way down here. Take profits of the week close, but we're not in that scenario. So you cannot...
target stuff. I know it's fun to look at something and say, oh, 30R. Everybody is guilty of doing that at times, but it's not how we want to operate because what that leads to is you getting into good trades and then just never taking profits. A lot of price action there. Kindle opened under the old low. I'm just going to go peep on AVAX and one. AVAX came into that initial zone.
But no internal change of character yet. Did fill a fair value gap. And I could see it reversing in either of these zones. But I'm just going to wait. I've got a little limit for myself. I'm in a different trade. I don't need to push anything or force anything. I can use it as a learning experience. Above that, you're still bullish on internal structure. I guarantee there's a structural shift here on the 15th second. But we're not going to go into that right now.
You guys should practice. If you guys are using the lower timeframes for execution, practice. And you use this in the high timeframes too. Here's the thing. An internal shift on the one minute is probably a break of structure on the 15 second. An internal shift on the four hour is probably a break of structure on the 15 minute. Because you're just looking at, almost think of it like a picture inside a picture.
Like for instance, I'll give you guys an example. I'm using StreamYard. If I do this, see how you can just see like through this like a window. It's just endless. It's kind of what you got to think of price action like. I hope that makes sense. I like that example, but maybe it makes sense as much to you as it does me. I don't know. But that's the kind of perspective you have to have when you're looking at candles. Inside this candle, there's four 15-second candles. Now once you get the one minute I get it, it's a little different. But when we're on a daily candle,
Okay, there's, you know, six four-hour candles. You're in a four-hour, oh, there's 16 15-minute candles. Oh, here there's 15 one-minute. You know what I mean? So you're looking at a lot of different ranges within each data set that you're using. So you want to be mindful of that and get familiar with what does this look like on the higher time frame or the lower time frame. And that way you're going to be able to navigate your charts a lot easier.
I like this AVAX PA right here. This is what I would see earlier. We were saying, remember we had like, so for instance, price came down here, got that change of character. Let's just say all the people that played this are really aggressive with it. Well, I mean, first of all, if you took trade here, your stop loss was terrible. And considering using a one minute chart and your take profit, I mean, what was it here? So, I mean, maybe you executed this and it looks something like this.
Not a great trade, in my opinion. I mean, you made money. It sniped, whatever. But two to one, not really. So then what happened? Here's the problem with that. I'll guarantee you, anyone who took trades here didn't take full profits there, if they took any. So then what did price do? Came back down, cleared that low, ran that liquidity, and then came back up to where it actually needed to go. It wasn't even this POI. It was up into that 15-minute. We cleared this high.
You get that run on liquidity there. I'm going to the actual POI in the 15 minute, and then you start to see what you need to see. So that's why I like to be patient, and I'd rather catch a better trade than rush and get one of these really quick mini moves that are pretty redundant to even try to play because of the risk reward. Let's take a look at XMR. I want to get off here pretty soon. XMR has been really strong lately.
I thought this was going to be the flip zone right here. It looks like it got violated. I don't know if it was just that this wasn't the zone. Maybe it was in this wick somewhere or maybe it was this. Probably was this. I just didn't use this because it was already tapped into. So let's just see what kind of order feather was inside that wick. There you go. 15 minute order buck. Can you check out silver before you leave? Sure.
Also, with Monero here, you had these lows getting swept, and this was a nice setup, actually. Looking back, there's an inducement right there. Okay, back on swept, violent move into this zone, and that was beautiful. You didn't even, I mean, you really didn't even get an entry.
I wouldn't have taken one, personally. My helium miners are just, like, pointless at this point. It's kind of sad. They, like, completely just fucked their shit up. I don't know what they did, but they get, like, nothing. Like, absolutely nothing. I only got one. I never even ended up using it. We should have just sold them on eBay when they were selling for, like, fucking three racks. Those fucking people are pissed.
You know, XMR looks really strong here, to be honest, because you got, you know, you really got your, I mean, I don't know. You could look at it two ways. You could say you got, you started at the bottom of weekly demand.
Came up break of structure on the four hour. This is your swing structure. Here's how I would have drawn it. Flipped the supply. Came back down to that flip zone and absolutely rocketed. But you could also look at it like, oh, we got a second break of structure here. And because you did get a closure, you could look at it like that. If you deem this a swing pullback, that's up to you. And then you see a four hour change of character here. So really the way I would play this, I wish I would have been.
I'm paying attention more. I think I charted this and then kind of just didn't really come back to it. What I would be doing here is I would watch this supply zone that we're coming up into and see what price does there. Now if price breaks through it, I'd be looking for longs off of this.
If we just break straight through it, which I would be pretty surprised. Now, if we don't break through it, you could look for price two, give us the same bare structure we look for with every other short. We're going to look for that 15-minute change of character. The same thing we're doing with everything else. Come on, XRP. I know you want to. There are value gaps getting tapped into. Or you could add, I'm probably going to add a TP right here. I'll post it.
Oh, I'm sleepy, man. That's what I get for fucking trading the London session to like 3.30 a.m. How much grace period do you give your trades on a stop loss? I'm using like the one minute, like three to five pips, depending on the pair. Most majors, three pips. Like, so if I had a stop loss, I'll just do this. Bam, bam, bam. It's real easy. Okay. I didn't know that either for a while. I used to just manually do it. Like here, you know, you can look. It's usually just the last value.
Good to know. Appreciate that. For sure. Well, yeah, silver. I'm looking more at a weekly chart, too. Yeah, for sure.
so really on the weekly this is why i like just the economy right now is tripping me out because it's usually you'll see you know i show signs of being either risk on or risk off we just look like death because yeah any everything from fucking bonds to commodities looks everything except the dxy and even that looks like it can pull back with an inflation rates that's just
You got a weekly change of character right there on swing structure. That's exactly what I was thinking. Yeah. So here, I mean, you could possibly expect to pull back up into these zones. This would be preferably, I mean, this is like a long shot. I wouldn't like long to expect this, but I would keep an eye on this.
Cut that. Now, we also have this. This is where the displacement really started. And we are on a weekly, so... I just marked that up right there on my chart. So like, you know, that weekly, let me go back and mark. So I have it. So you've got that. Now we'll go to the daily. Now we came under an old low, so we could look for signs of a pullback. You can see we kind of have on the daily. So here was your old high. You broke it. And then...
Here is another old high. This is choppy though. I'm going to scan and see if this looks like a 4-hour. Because you had a high here, pushed us down, came back up. I guess you could really say I was right here if you want to get technical. Broke that. Made a high, high, high. Here you finally made a low. Broke that. But what I would look for here at that point, you could look. I mean, it's going a 4-hour to get a better look.
So for our swing structure, you've kind of shifted back bullish a little bit. Because if you look, I would have said this was your high and low. But then you say, okay, I got a closure right here. Or actually, a couple candles over. Then you say, bam. Okay, up here. This is your second closure. And you're kind of failing to mitigate some stuff here. So when we look, fair value gap down there.
Also, it seems like down here is a pretty big zone of demand. I mean, you could look at it as this institutional candle. I just want to see the equilibrium of this is in that fair value gap. XRP, Phil. Oh, did it? At least on mine. Let me see. I didn't get the alert, but trading would be kind of weird sometimes. I'm going to buy that, so it might be not for you. Let's see. Oh, no, I got Phil. Alert.
With gold here, got the imbalance down here. Also, I like this demand zone right here. Draw into that wick. You can maybe refine it. But with gold here, or not gold, silver, I would kind of be looking for a push back down into this zone right here. Fill that inefficiency. And then look for more moves to the upside. Because with silver, I want to really use a four-hour chart. You could say up here.
Yeah, it says supply, probably within this, I'd say this wick right there was really your supply. So it came up here. Bam. Now you plot it. I guess it wanted all these candles right here. You could say, let's see if we got a second break of structure. I'm pretty sure you did. Right here. You could look at what zone really filled that or pushed through this demand. I'd say probably this right here.
With silver and commodities, you don't need to see a ton of displacement. I know that's a tiny fair value gap, but you got to think that these are fucking massive, massive markets. So if you see any kind of displacement, there is a lot of money involved.
So here we're going to, if it were me, I'd wait till you get up in this zone and then see, you know, okay, how do we react to this 15 minute PLC? That's going to be a flip zone most likely. I know it's, let's see if you're even in, you're not really even in a premium there. You know, I would watch it, but also watch this zone because you have displacement following it as well. And you have highs. I would actually probably like this on a little better.
so that displacement your value gap and equal highs actually i would just wait i wouldn't even really pay my mind to that personally so i would just watch a return up into this zone right here i'm actually gonna set an alarm i'm not trading this but i'm gonna just set an alarm just to see what happens so i can come back
So that's what I would look for. This is actually a pretty nice price action. And then where would I look to take it? Well, if I took that short, I would take most of the profits here. Like say if we come up here, I'd be taking profits right there for the most part. And then you could also look for some of these lows down here. It just depends on, you know, you're trading a pullback. So I just like to take profits a little more aggressively on those trades. That's how XRP is doing so far.
Yeah, I've been watching this one for a couple weeks now for shorts. Hell yeah. Nice little reaction on XRP so far. Let's see how it plays out. Yeah, I like the silver shorts though. I almost put USDTP. I always do that.
especially because the weekly like um that weekly change of character that's what i was been watching how it broke down from that waiting for a pullback up and then like my larger time frame target is like fucking like 18 19 dollars yeah i mean you could try to swing i it's just the economy right now so sus bro i mean you're in this daily supply too yeah i see the shorts for sure
I'd be trimming like I'd be fully out, fully out probably at 21.6. Just for this, that specific thing we were referring to. But on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. We'll be back on tomorrow. The stock market will be open. It'll be probably a little more exciting. But yeah, until then, I appreciate you guys as always. See y'all.
