What's good? Yo. What's your buddy? Nah, shit. Oh, man. I ain't trained. Not one bit today. I did. I traded Bitcoin earlier, XMR, and then it's so long. Man, that's so long. Snipe. I didn't signal it. I was just...
Hey, man. You don't got to signal everything. I genuinely do feel better. I don't because I know people are like, damn, I wish I could have taken that. But it is what it is. That's why. It is what it is. I'm actually going to start doing some live trading streams in the morning starting this week. I might even do one tomorrow. I'm not sure. But if not, Thursday for sure.
You'll be trading NY session? Yeah, it'll be like really early though. So for like the people... Here, let me take the banner off of the YouTube video. But for the people that are on like Cali time, it's going to be kind of difficult to be honest for them because it's going to be like 4 a.m. to 7 a.m. their time. But I'm sure we'll be able to figure out some former or fashion. Yeah, not us facts. Here at Ethereum, like...
Going from the weekly, it's honestly interesting because you can see both the bear and bull case, really. When you really zoom out and look at the weekly, and the thing is, I will say I'm leaning at this time more bearish, if I had to say, but I do see the case for bulls. I'm not leaning towards that. Really, when you go to the weekly,
If we're talking about swing structure, Ethereum still, to this point, hasn't broken swing structure. Now, on the weekly, theoretically, you're still bull above this low. Or, I'm sorry, this low. Not that low. This low right here. So all the way down to...
It was $1,400. Let's actually go to the tether chart, because I think this is a little skewed. It's $1,700. That's what I was going to say. It's all the way down to... Here, we'll ignore that wick. All the way down to $1,700. You know, theoretically, the bull case, I guess you could say...
has somewhat of a, you know, there is logic behind it. And I'll go over why I think that and why I lean towards the bearish side. And also somebody asked, what time do I sit on my screen in New York session? You know, I've found recently you can play, if you want to play like the New York, the true New York session, you need to be up at like at your desk at like 7 a.m. Eastern. But you can also trade the,
stock market open going into the London close, which is at 11 a.m. like we did this morning. I know a couple of people else in chat traded as well. And usually you're going to get those stop runs. That's just going to be the main trade you're going to get towards that London close. And here we go. Well, let's do this first. I don't want to get off track. But for Ethereum, we look at the weekly, theoretically above these lows.
You know, you're still bullish because we're talking about swing structure. The way I draw it, some people may draw it differently. Obviously, this is your swing going to be a swing high. So go from here, made a new high because none of these are, or wait, I'm sorry. I'm going to ignore that wick. I'm going to go from here to here because this wick is just on purpose. If anyone's wondering why I'm ignoring it.
Now, we can't say this is a swing. Some people say that, and it just makes no sense to me because a low's job is to make a new high and vice versa. If you don't have that, then you have no structure. So if we have a high here, we have a low, you can't say this is your high. I mean, obviously, it's not your high, and you can't say this is your low because it didn't make a new high. So really, this is where we're at, and you also can't say that this is your low.
because you didn't make a new low it's pretty you know pretty uh
I mean, I don't know. Some people say just because you have big moves, it's a swing, whatever. But, you know, really where I'm at is this is your market structure right there on the weekly. Now, obviously, the daily is broken down. But with Ethereum and Bitcoin, I want to look at the higher time frame as well, because we do have that data now. You know, when we were in the bull run in 2020, you didn't really have the blessing to look at the weekly because it's just, you know, straight up.
With that being said, you can also look and say, okay, well, if you look at supply domain the way I do, I can use a wick. So originally I looked at this wick right here. I refined it down to a daily zone.
If you go, it's this last candle. You could use the whole last two candles, whatever, but you can refine it. You could even refine it to this wick. However you want to do it, it touched into it. Price is fractal, so I could go from the daily, I could go into the four-hour, probably find something here, and continuously do that. But with these really high time frame zones, you know...
I usually refine them as price pushes into them. I'm not going to wait until price gets all the way down to say that the demand, you know, these orders have been mitigated. So that being said, if you look at the daily.
The swing structure for the daily is pretty fucked up. So really here, we're starting back, we'll start back here at this, that low. So, you know, we're going to go all the way up here because the, or I'm sorry, up here, because the same logic with the weekly, but whenever we're on the daily, we have a little bit more to go off of. So you can say here, okay, or I'm sorry, not that one.
because we made a new high and then all of these lows really failed right so this is where it gets you know you can you can draw within these areas what our swing structure is but really i mean if you're looking at from a high time frame perspective the way i see it you know this was the low you made after clearing the first you know the old all-time highs we ran all the way to you know whatever it was a 4 000 something and then i'll ran all the way from there to up here so really in between here this is all internal
Yeah, it's all been cleared out, but that's not going to dictate your overall high time frame, or I should say daily and weekly swing structure. So whenever we're looking at the four hour, it's going to be a different story. But at this point, I know it sounds crazy, but we really haven't broken down from these levels. Now, like I said, I am leaning more towards the bear case just because of mainly macroeconomics. That's going to be the main factor for me.
And then also just a lack of interest overall. I don't think that crypto is going to all-time highs again this year. Could be wrong. Hopefully I am, but I don't think it is. I do think we're going to see one last relief bounce, but I'll get into that in a little bit.
We look down, we're on the daily, and we're going to look for a sign of a pullback. We're just going to look for this change of character, if you will, on the daily. And not the kind where we use breaks of structure, but just where we're using internal structure. So here we clearly made a low here, but this isn't really going to be your internal low. And the reason being is this candle did not sponsor.
break of every recent highs so you know like we said before a lowest job is to make a new high so really this is gonna be your low got a high and then if you look we broke down from this and this right here is gonna be your new high and your new low so right now we're really not on the daily at this point we don't have too too much of a bull case but when you go to the four hour
The swing structure is obviously different. This is going to be our swing structure that we're sitting in on the four hour. It's going to be these highs up here, down here. And we're sitting hugging this.
this discount now that alone doesn't really mean too much you know you usually if you're looking for an accumulation or distribution you're going to be looking at what where is price hugging into and um you know what kind of orders are accumulating and and also what kind of liquidity is getting trapped and it seems like a lot of times shorts are really getting trapped right now like people that are trying to short here and people are trying to short here and here are getting trapped down here
People that don't really do much price action or understand market structure, they're just looking at breakdown levels and they're shorting every bottom. Usually when you start to see that, whenever you're manipulating retail into selling, whether it's selling their long positions, getting stopped out or entering shorts, it's the same thing. You can look at it more like accumulation, in my opinion. That's what I would lean towards.
on this four hour. Now, just because we're queuing, does that mean we're going to go anywhere past this supply? Not necessarily, but let me make this zone where it appears on the four hour. So now when you look at the four hour, we came down into that weekly, or I'm sorry, daily demand down here.
And once we came back down in here, you see obviously this is your low. You made a high afterwards. I don't want to use that high. But we made a high afterwards, continuing a high right here. Why is that the high? Again, I know I keep saying it, but for those of you who don't understand internal structure, I want to drill into your head because we didn't make a new high after that. So that's where you begin to pull back.
Where's the new low? The next low after we broke the next candles high. So if you look here
You do have that change of character on an internal level on the four hour. And, you know, does that necessarily mean, you know, long? Obviously not. What it does mean is that we could be beginning a pullback. Now, where that pullback goes, we really don't know until price revisits these areas where sell orders might be still left within the market, which is going to be, you know, you could mark this whole zone. You could refine it to here.
There's a lot of different ways you can look at it. I'm going to stop you for one quick second. So when you were talking about the candle that didn't make a new high and it's just a pullback, when you're looking on any timeframe, it's the same thing, right? Yeah, it's the same concept. If you're in the 15-minute and you see these, that's why inside bars are really good because they're going to help you.
point that out because you know otherwise you may have just said oh we're making new highs but you're really not you don't make a new high there
So that's just internal structure. And that's the way I do it. I mean, there's people do it different ways. Some people, you know, dictate their internal structure is just any kind of high or low within the range. But this is how I do it. I think this is, and if you can go back, go and back test it and you can see that, you know, usually it is correct if it's coupled.
with other confluences for instance if you just have you're going to have a ton of change of characters throughout but what you want to pay attention to are those that are sitting maybe under old lows maybe in supply or demand like we're at right now
And we're under all the lows for 2022. Unfortunately, with Ethereum, we didn't go under these equal lows. And I'll get to that in a little bit. That's kind of why I'm leaning more bearish. But I'm trying to go at it from an unbiased perspective and just really call it how I see it.
Here, you know, you had that initial change of character. I know some of you guys who are charting change of character and have been taught it different ways. You're like, that's not a change of character. Well, the way that that change of character works, when we're using them for entries or on the lower timeframes, they're breaks of structure because you're using swing structure for those. Most people are. Some don't, but most of the time, you're just using breaks of structure.
to identify the change of character and the thing is on the four hour when this is happening i guarantee you there's a break of structure on the lower time frames here take a look those dots are going to be a little off but if you look at that there's going to be a now it may not be a you know swing structure this and that but if you look what is this can i look at what is this hold on i pull it back up
Can I look at all when you have the chance? Oh, Sol. Yeah, I'm actually in Sol Longs right now. But, you know, a lot of times what you're seeing on the high timeframes is going to translate throughout the lower timeframes.
But what does this mean? If it's not necessarily just used to long, then why does it matter? Well, the way I look at it, we have cleared out a ton of sell-side liquidity out of the market. We did leave those equal lows, which I don't like. That's why I like Bitcoin's chart more than Ethereum's at this point. But we did clear out a lot of liquidity here, a ton. So many people were stopped out of the market here.
all throughout this area. You could say trendline liquidity, whatever you want to use. A ton of people were stopped out or a ton of people began to short down here.
So we have that for the bulls. We did clear out a lot of liquidity. And then we also came down to a daily zone of demand. And we saw a high timeframe change of character. Now, I'm not saying a change of character like the ones you would use for entry. I'm just saying internal structure shifted. And you see it shifted. I think let's go and just mark it. So really, I should have marked this one. So ignore the pie.
The reason being we made another high. So here's your pullback. And then this candle made more lows. You can actually go ahead and move this over there. Why is that? Because this high sponsored new lows.
Now, you can sit here and mark these all over your chart all day, and you're going to get a ton of different directions. But what matters is that price reacted to this zone of demand. You also didn't really see price come back down and clear this out, which I wish it would almost, but you didn't. So you could say that there's a lot of buying power, a lot of money.
is protecting this low as of right now. It's not a strong low by any means because we haven't made a new high, but a lot of money came into the market right here.
Now, their intention could be just to, you know, a form of accumulation to distribution, which is just redistribution. That's what we've been seeing over and over again. Like this whole, these like roller coaster looking almost patterns, like where you have this arch and then manipulation, bam, redistribution. You just go up to overhead supply dump. And it's the same thing. If you look, it's the same thing over and over again. And it got more and more condensed to where it was, you know, this old four hour price action. Let's actually see how the fractal looks like.
I'm not going to be super perfect, but it'll be similar. Maybe I should have gone to the one hour. I think you guys get the picture. You can see the similarities in market structure. We have this rush up engineering liquidity. Early longs got purged. And it's just total manipulation. Anybody who doesn't understand market structure and supply and demand is getting absolutely fucking wrecked through all of this. And it happened multiple times. Then we just see this nosedive off a cliff. So that's...
What I'm leaning more towards happening again with this down here, and this is going to take longer, I think. I don't think it's going to be overnight. I do think we could see a push to the upside. Now, we can't predict, oh, is this going to be the...
The run that takes us back to whatever, is it 2,300? Is it going to pull us back up to here? I'll go into Bitcoin in a second as well. But I want to start with Ethereum because it's more bearish to me than Bitcoin, which I think will probably bring down Bitcoin at the end of the day. But here we look and we have this four-hour demand.
Price came back down to it. And it wasn't really the strongest demand at first. And the reason being is we look at this candle and did price react to it? Yes. But we could maybe refine it over to this zone or somewhere in here because somewhere in this area, there was enough demand to create such an inefficiency between supply and demand that we came up and finally broke this internal high up here.
So, you know, if we would have got a major break of structure, obviously a demand or supply zone is going to be a much stronger zone. But, you know, breaking at least some structure is a start. So when you look here, price came up, broke this high.
We come back over here. If you're plotting this zone, it wicked under it. But if you did plot the original zone and kept it, we didn't wick under this zone. We didn't break down from this zone of demand here. And we did clear this high. So if we're looking at a 15-minute swing structure, this is going to be... If we do manage to...
reverse here, you could probably go ahead and make a safe bet that we're going to come up and target some of these highs. Now, yes, on the 15 minute, you're going to say these are strong highs because we did break down from them. They created a low and did their job. But when you look at the four hour, I don't really see these as that strong. I almost see more inducement above these levels. Now, if we get up above these areas, I probably would be looking more for shorts. But where we're at right now,
I think Ethereum just got it. Did it get a close? It did. So here with Ethereum, we're in this zone of demand and we got our, and this goes back to the change of character that most of you guys are using. This is what you guys are familiar with because it's, you know, we broke swing structure.
here and we got that closure. Even if, you know, some people use closure for the 15 minutes, some don't. But whenever I'm trading counter trend, I would rather use as much confirmation as I can get rather than, you know, if I'm trading pro trend, I might use those wicks and try to get away with a little bit more of an aggressive take on everything. But here, Ethereum and Ethereum looks the weakest because Sol broke this and then already broke structure again.
we broke structure here now we're probably going to come back down and revisit some of this demand somewhere in here and you know i would watch two zones and it'd be right here and i would also watch down here somewhere in the bottom but really when you look at it
This demand's already gotten tapped in because we have a large institutional candle there. Anytime we have stuff like that, I just mark the whole zone. The price came back down into it and came into equilibrium here. Probably mitigated most of any orders that were left behind here. And that's really what pushed us through. And the reason I like marking these zones is because this demand not only sponsored a break of structure, but it did sponsor, I'm sorry, but it did break.
old supply because there's a lot of selling going on with this wick yeah i know it's a red candle but you know if we go on a lower time frame there's going to be a lot of supply in that wick and we managed to break it coming out of this leg in price and you know you could look at it like it's this demand this demand but really all this has been mitigated so i would be keeping an eye on this zone now does that mean i'm just gonna long it you know because if i was pro trend i'd wait for price to come in here
And I'd wait for a one minute change of character in this zone, play the return to origin of that. But really with Ethereum here, just because of the daily bias, because we always have to keep that high timeframe perspective and that high timeframe bias and narrative in mind, no matter what the lower timeframes are telling us. Because if you don't, you're going to end up doing all your TA and it can backfire really easily.
So when we have all that liquidity down below, and I am personally leaning a little more bearish, in order for me to win a long, I want to see not one, but I want to see two breaks of structure. We could come down here, break structure again, and then the demand that sponsors that break of structure, that's where I would be looking to play once we return to it and if we return to it. But if we do, you could be looking to take us back up to this 15-minute supply.
and maybe these highs up here. We have to revisit once price gets up there. Technically, really, these are strong highs when you look at it, these 15 minutes. So when you're playing these moves, really all you can target, like if you come back down into here, all you could target using 15-minute swing structure is this high because it's the only high that failed to make a new low.
Even if you come all the way down into here, and this is your swing structure right here. This is the low that sends you to this high. So unless this high pushes price below this low, it's a weak high. It did do its job, and it's going to get taken.
So right now, that's kind of what I'm watching for Ethereum. I doubt we're going to get much action tonight. I mean, Tokyo session sometimes is booming with crypto. I try not to trade it too much and I'm definitely not going to today. But I would watch this zone. And if we break down from that, maybe watch down here in this candle. And this candle would be almost a better entry if you're looking at it in terms of liquidity because you'd sweep out a lot of trendline liquidity.
that you probably will create with the initial reaction here, and then also all of these lows if you get down here. Because whenever you're using these supply and demand zones, if you want to get the best zones, you can refine them down all you want. You can also pair them with liquidity sweeps and... Mine just went blank.
Oh, with liquidity sweeps and high time frame. Go ahead, my bad. My fault. My fault. My fault. I apologize. No, you're totally good. So you see the bottom zone that you got, right? Mm-hmm. That bottom demand. So I've been trying to figure out, right, like, if I should go with the candle that led to that drop, like, the one that you boxed it from, or if I should go with the bottom one. No, no, no. All the way down, right? Between those two candles. Like, I'm trying to figure out which one's more efficient. Right here? No, no, no. Go to the left.
To the left, like down. The one where you put your bottom man. Yeah, between those two candles. Between those two candles, that, the purple one and your white one, the inside bar one. Yeah. I've been trying to figure out, bro, like, because I've been seeing sometimes it'll bounce off of the candle where your marker's at right now.
like it'll bounce off the body of that. But then other times it'll bounce on the candle before that, the body of that. Right. Like this shit. Or you mean, no, no, no. Okay. I see what you're saying. Yeah. So when we're refining this, if we want to refine this even more, you know, you can look at it. Cause if we're looking at supply and demand, we're looking at it from a perspective of, you know, we can look at it like a pivot.
Like, you know, because this is really pivot. We came down here and boom, we pushed back out of it and broke structure. Giving it, you know, it has some strength. But you can also look at it like this inside bar, any inside bar, say on a 15 minute, this is going to be a one minute range.
it's not the prettiest range, but you can kind of come back down in here and see if, you know, maybe if we had displacement, I mean, you could say right here. Okay. Well, and this is, we're going to one minute. So sometimes I like using the one minute just for entries. I don't really usually try to use it for structure, but I will say I like this zone, maybe this candle. And the reason being is because if you come down on here,
This candles been tapped into now that doesn't mean that all the orders are swept But I like using candles that haven't been as much if you look here. We have these lows
could get swept and you have a fair value gap. So whenever you have that displacement, aka a fair value gap, right before, or I'm sorry, right after your demand zone, you can say, okay, well, maybe that's where a majority of orders could have been injected into the market and probably somewhere left behind in here and maybe below in this candle. And then you're also going to sweep these lows. So you could refine it down to this zone if you really wanted to get picky with your zones.
It just really depends on your strategy, how you usually map stuff. Like if you map stuff like this, I would recommend always mapping it like that. Or if you don't map stuff like that, whatever it is, just get an edge because there's not necessarily a right and wrong way of doing it. But if you want to be consistent and also if you want to be confident in your style and have like a stress-free,
you know, thoughtless, I don't want to say thoughtless, like it's like careless, but you know, there's not much contemplating, you know, you know exactly what you do, you know exactly what you need in order to enter a trade, just whatever it is, just have that edge and do that only. Personally, what I do is like in this situation, oh fuck, I didn't move that. Somebody said they, that's divine, shorted sushi. Hold on, I'll look in like one second for you. Give me like two seconds.
But personally what I do is I map the whole zone. I'll go over the sole play I took earlier and I'll show you what I mean. I map originally. We didn't get a break of structure. If this candle would have broke structure here, I would have been watching up here. And I'll show you with sole, it's just the entire demand zone. Now if I watch it and then if we're playing something like this, what I would do is I'd wait for double confirmation entry most of the time.
You know, or you could target equilibrium of the whole zone or you can refine it like this. Usually what I do is just I start on if it's a big zone like this, I start with the whole zone and I just watch price as it comes into it.
And most oftentimes it will go to the lower areas. I will say that. But I do watch it because sometimes it doesn't. And as long as you're not greedy with your targets, you can still capitalize off those initial bounces off of it, even if they're not the huge move that's going to take you to the major highs above, whatever, the big target. But here with Ethereum, let's see if there's trendline. So you got like trendline liquidity.
You could even come down into this POI right here, come take out that weak high and then just dump. And what's going to happen if that is the case, people that are playing this, because you have the high timeframe narrative that you're looking at it from a bull case, if you're looking at it from a bull case, which you got to be careful because you're trading counter trend. Because if you look, we're still in a bear market. Can't forget that.
But if you look at from the bull case, you're going to want to at least target this inefficiency up here. That's what I would do. But whenever we, you know, you could see price come down here. And then if this is the high you made, really your only target that I would really look at is that high. If I was playing from this initial zone.
because this is your weak high. That's what's going to get, you know, you can almost, nothing's guaranteed, but you can bet on that getting cleared. So you could see maybe price come down in here, bam, cleans, clears that high, and then ultimate pain and manipulation like crypto likes to do, dumps back down, and then you come somewhere in here. I would rather be a buyer here than here, that's for sure. But I do also see this zone. You have this inefficiency here, and this is,
really in my book, a flip zone, it's an ugly one, but this is the demand that pushed through this high. Now I know an internal structure, this, you know, you might say this is, but I'm not using that. I don't know about you. Maybe I'm wrong, but I don't, I don't like that as much. And the reason being is because we're far too high in premium for my liking there.
Even this zone is sitting on equilibrium. So, you know, I wouldn't really mess with this zone. Might hit, it might not. But that's just my strategy. You know, you might hit this zone. You might hit all these zones every time it happens. And you might have a win rate that allows you to be profitable with a good risk reward. But like I said before, it's all about just doing the same thing. Whatever it is that you do and works for you, do that. And don't change up from and don't stray from it. And what this does is not only it'll give you an edge.
While you're trading, it will also take the stress and the thought out of, you know, out of trading for you. Because you have a very clean, specific trade model that you take. And you know that, you know, you got to be comfortable. If that doesn't happen and it just price runs away without you, then oh well.
You know, and that's just, you know, how you got to approach that. But here with Ethereum, I would just wait until we come back out of these zones. And even then, like I said, I wouldn't personally be taking these longs on Ethereum. I took some on Sol. I would look at Bitcoin before I'd look at Ethereum just because it's just so weak. And then you always got to keep that those weekly liquidity targets, which are down those equal as a 1700. Now, if we would have been clear that, yeah, I'd be looking along.
Now it would take more aggressive longs, but you have to take everything into account whenever you're looking at stuff. So with Ethereum, that's kind of really, really it for me. We look at the four hour. Once we start to begin this pullback, because we really haven't, we're still just hanging out in discount. You know, I'd be looking for probably up in this area. And the reason, you know, we can refine this or we can, well, unrefine it, I guess you'd say. If you look here, we've got a high here.
Got a high here. A ton of liquidity is going to get swept from the market above those. So as soon as we get up into this zone, I guess you got this fair value gap here too, it looks like.
Maybe you could be looking up in here. As soon as we get up in this zone, that's when you'd wait for a 15 minute change of character, just like we're doing down here. But this is the one that I would rather play. And the reason being is this is your strong high. And most likely we have to assume until this high is broken, we get a four hour closure above it, that we're still bearish. So that would be a pro trend trade. I would probably use single confirmation or a risk entry at that kind of level.
But down here, I want to be more conservative. So let me go. I'm going to do Sol in one second. I think Divine City is in a short, so I want to look at it.
There we go. Shorted sushi at this liquidity here. Anticipated a downside from this. I got it. Now, where would I find my ideal price target with SMC? Would it be a fair value gap or an order block? I can't find any order blocks rather than two hours, and that's at 160. So let's look at sushi. So to make it easy, if you are using external liquidity,
then you're going to target internal liquidity. For instance, if you're playing a stop run, that's where you would target fair value gaps and order blocks. Or if you're trading a counter trend, that might be part of your strategy. I've found that to be pretty profitable to take profits if you're trying to trade against the trend to maybe be more aggressive with your profit taking. But here, if you shorted it, let me look.
You're on the 15 minute and you shorted off the trend line. First, I wouldn't do that personally. Wait, where is this exactly? Up to like right. I have an alert for sushi right here. Wanted to break that. Why does this look so much different on your screen? Am I like crazy? Looks like there's like, I don't know. Maybe it just looks weird.
But if you're looking at the liquidity, if you're going to short it from that, so when we're using smart money concepts or liquidity concepts, we're anticipating that that's going to get ran. So while it may work to short it from it, you wouldn't want to usually do that. Although I will say, if you're in profits, just set your stops to entry. Don't trip out about it. But I wouldn't do that just because it's...
It's kind of going backwards as far as smart money concepts. Now, shorting the trend line, it might work for sure. It definitely could. I'm not saying it won't, but if we're looking at it from this perspective, I'm going to wait because I look at it like this. We have this breaker block, and this is more of an ICT breaker block. Where are we shorting KNC at? I actually need to look because I think I got an alert. I'm going to finish this. I did get an alert earlier.
I'm kind of hesitant to ape into shorts right now, even for Cancy and Ponzi coins, just because of where Bitcoin's at. That could change really easily, but I'm kind of trying to give it, I want to let it develop. I want to get a really good entry. I don't want to force anything. But here, you know, you could use the whole zone, but I like this breaker block right here.
personally, and it's really still a part of the same zone, but it's just the only reason I have that just plotted. Price came up into it, but the thing is with Sushi, if you're drawing swing structure the way I do, here's your low, and here's your high.
You haven't been able to break down. While some people are like, oh, here's your bearish break of structure. I don't see that like that because this isn't a strong low. It's just a weak low. Of course, it's going to get ran. This came down. It didn't do its job. Scalpers could have gotten shorts here if you wanted. It would have been riskier and targeted this low. But that's not a shift in structure for me. There's nothing bearish about this yet.
Now, what would it take to be bearish for me? And everybody draws swing structure differently. I just don't understand. People just use certain amounts. While you can use an amount of a pullback, but that has to be paired with the original logic of what a low and a high is. A low isn't a low without a new high and vice versa. So here, what I'd be waiting for is a push-up.
This would also run a lot of liquidity. Where's my path tool?
maybe a push up above this old high, right? Then you've made a new low, which would be down here, preferably make a new high. So that way you're seeing tighter market structure. You're not having to have this crazy move to the downside. I mean, in all honesty, sometimes those provide better risk reward because they're more of a big move that you can use to play. But most of the time when we're looking at these shifts in structure, we start to see price coil up. We see a quick new high.
And then you'll come down and clear that new low, return up. And since we're trading pro trend, you know, there's two entries you could take. And I'll move that bottom one. That's not the target. I just didn't have room. So now, you know, once we get that break of structure, the upside, now you've got a new low. You clear the low, you know, the first entry you could take. And you could wait for price to come back up into this zone. I'm going to draw this a little differently.
um you know then you would wait you just draw a whole new line because i want to get a little bit better of an explanation with the low time frames so you know you may come up make that new high make a new high bam and then come back up there
Bam. And you're going to continuously see this structure. You might not. You might just see like a full on death drop. And that's okay. You might miss the trade. But for instance, what I'm going to be initially waiting is you're going to wait for price to come up here in the 15 minute. And you could go in the one minute at this point, wait for the change of character and come back up into it. Or you could just take the 15 minute entry. If that's another thing, it's up to you. So it's whatever your style is. I will say I see.
A lot of people that are using the 15 minute order blocks for entries, they're getting that top entry and they're working, but you're not going to get as much of a reward to risk ratio. And your trade is probably going to take longer than others to make the same amount of money. But after we get that second break of structure, that would be a, you know, more of a conservative entry playing off that supply.
If this is how we play it out, ideally, you're going to try to catch this lower high. Because if we look, here's your swing structure right here.
And if you're still bearish, which until we break this high, you should be, you're going to look for a return. And this is why we went away for confirmation. Because remember, we're just at the bottom of the supply zone. Bitcoin is not looking too, too rough yet. You could run all the way up here and you're still in supply. But the idea here is to wait till all the structure shifts so you can catch that lower high. And then remember, we're targeting.
a weak low because if you do catch the lower high that's going to give you a trade that is going to make you a large percentage of your portfolio if you take it correctly because we're going to come back up and remember if this low fails to make a new high
it's going to get taken because it didn't do its job. So the whole idea of using this four hour supply into 15 minute change of structure into one minute is to make sure the best we can, you know, we never can be sure, but to try to ensure the best we can that this is that lower high. So when we're talking about a move of this size, I really would advise you to be very patient with it because I promise you if you do get it,
You could probably make your trading goal for the week and then sum up one trade. But at this point, we're still bullish on the 15-minute the way I see it. High, low, we're just creating internal liquidity. Ranging, not really sure what we want to do yet. If anything, it looks like we're manipulating liquidity above.
probably going to trap shorts. So say people are shorting, they're looking at this, retail sees this as resistance, all that. So it's going to happen. Like I said before, we would like to see price come up, grab that liquidity, either liquidate or trap the shorts. And then you also have the breakout traders who are longing up here, even worse than trying to get trapped in shorts.
But all of that is great now, but we have to get that shift in structure because the first thing you can have order box, you can have liquidity runs, whatever. If you don't have a shift in structure, you don't have a trade. That's almost worse than breakout trading in a way. Because a lot of people get...
kind of in tune with liquidity concepts. And they're like, oh, okay. So once we come above these old highs, we're just going to short. And it's like, no, that can end very painfully. You want to wait until you get that shift in structure. So that's really it for Sushi. I actually have that alert marked. So I mean, I see it, but I don't see the opportunity yet. Like I see a possible framework setting up, but it's just not there. So I'm going to go into this because somebody asked, and I like this chart better than others.
So if we go to the daily, I think it was a weekly I started out. So the weekly.
We had a shitload of gaps down here, right here. A lot of gaps down there. Now, we also have this massive candle. We had not come down to the equilibrium of it. Maybe if you draw the whole zone. Let's see. I'm actually curious. I actually did come right to equilibrium of that. Some people do the candle, the body, equilibrium. Again, it's up to you. You said you used the wick, right? You mean like the whole candle?
Yeah. Yeah. I start with that. And then like, say once we like might dig down more, I might start looking like, for instance, when I look at it, just sort of, you know, at first glance, I also see this down here. I mean, you could refine it to this.
You could refine it to just this candle. Probably find something in this wick down here. Even though I know the guys that are trading order bucks are like, well, that's not a bearish candle. I'm just looking at it from a fractal price perspective. Because I understand, and don't overthink this, what happens if there's a huge fucking wick? Buying. So there might be demand in there. Maybe, maybe not. Let's just actually take a look and see. Might be low time frame, might not. It might not even be there. Okay, look at that.
That big candle, displacement above it. Also, you have another down candle probably right at equilibrium of this zone. But what does that necessarily mean? Not anything really to me right now. I don't use demand or supply to really target areas. I use that for a possible entry, for a possible change of direction. I'm not going to say like, oh, we have untapped demand down below. We're going there. I just don't do that.
So we're in this weekly demand zone. This is being pretty generous, liberal with our charting. We're using an entire zone that's a very big zone, right? It's a huge zone. So that being said, this is not something you just long, obviously. We look at the four hour here.
If we look right here, I think I refined this down a little bit already. Maybe not. If we look right here, there's demand in this candle. That's pretty clear. I mean, I like this demand. It not only broke through supply, but it also created a minor break of structure. Didn't break any major. We're still bearish. We also left a little bit of this inefficient price action. So once we come back down to this demand zone,
We tap barely, you know, over here we really didn't even tap it. Neither of these did. Barely kind of tapped it here. Saw a pretty nice reaction. But you created a lot of liquidity right here. Tons of stop losses and these lows all through there.
So what did we do today? We came down and ran that and you see that we had a very strong reaction to it. That's a lot of orders were left to do that. That's, that's, so has a very high market cap relative to most crypto. I think, I know it's top 10 or if you're not including stable coins.
They probably knocked UST off the list, so it might be definitely top 10. But we came down into this zone, saw a very impulsive reaction, a lot of displacement in the market. Also, price stops were getting ran. The Tokyo and London lows and New York lows, all the lows, the daily lows got ran. You think this is a demand here where we could long sole? Let me go and see what you put a picture.
Yeah, it's not bad. Like you're saying, where is that? What chart is that? Oh, a five minute. Is that right here? It looks like, I mean, I would watch it, but I mean, if anything, I would just look at these, the 15 minute lower candle before I'd look at that. I mean, I see what you're saying and you could look like that, but I personally have found that the only thing I really use the five minute for anymore is when I'm trading liquidity rates and I'm just looking for swing highs, but that's all I do with five minutes.
And not even, when I say swing highs, I'm sorry, internal highs. That's all I'm looking for. For instance, I'll show you guys in a second. I'm going to have to tie this up by nine. I know Scorpion's streaming at nine, but there was a liquidity rate on NOS and ES this morning. It was a super fucking easy trade. You could have shorted into buys and then eight off of fucking buys, especially with the news that came out this morning. But anyways, with Sol, we came back down into this zone.
and reacted very impulsively. On the 15 minute, that resulted in a break of structure. Then this is where I kind of got my trade idea. And this is what I was saying earlier about these big zones. Don't sleep on them. Well, I'm not going to tell you that. You decide. A lot of people waited for down here. And to be honest, you might get better longs from there. It could play out very nicely. I don't know. Now, when price came back down to this zone, I started to watch.
And I waited. If you see, we got a nice break of structure. You could have, depending on if you're using internal, some people use this as a swing high. It gets to be, you know, if you're using internal structure, this was really your internal break of structure. You could say really, you could argue that this was down here, but I mean, come on. But I was using the swing structure that I like, which is this high up here. You know, this is a pretty clear pullback. Come down and we broke above it.
So you can also look, you can pair these liquidity concepts and this is a one minute, but I mean, it worked. We have this inducement right here and just inducement is just equal lows right above an area of displacement. And really here, I think it was maybe on a three minute or a two minute. There wasn't much of a gap. Like a lot of times you can play the gap. Sorry, where is it?
I thought there was a gap somewhere. It might have been a different timeframe, but we had that liquidity confluence. We also are playing the return to origin of that 15 minute break of structure. This whole gray zone is 15 minutes demand. We got that break of structure. So then you could, you know, the reason that I played this instead of waiting for a second break of structure that we did end up getting here over here, but.
The reason I played it was because of those inducement lows. And this is something that I'm trying to really look for pairing liquidity. If I'm going to trade counter trend and I'm going to use a risk entry, I need all three confluences. I need supply and demand, I need market structure shift, and I need liquidity. So, oh yeah, there was a gap right here, right there. It's very small, but it's there. But price came back down.
Tapped right off the order. It's like, I think it was, what is the low it made? It was 48.74. I would hit it to the penny. It was right on. So you can say that zone was very valid. You also could have weighed it if you wanted and played equilibrium. You got a better entry. Again, it goes with your strategy. And this happens a lot. I've noticed whenever you're trading against the trend, because what you'll see is this initial...
drop down in man pumps a lot of traders set stops to break even and I think you know you get manipulated right there bam you get manipulated expansion now another reason why I like to set up was because you know you're weak high
was a good distance way. Even your lower time frame, week high, because this is where I took the first bit of profits right there, you're at five to one. So to me, that's a good enough trade. I'll take a five to one. Even if I'm not trimming the entire thing, you know, you can make your daily goal just trimming 50%. My daily goal is 2.5%, which you can make that just taking 50% there stops to break even. At this point, I'm still anticipating the...
This high to get taken, I don't know if I'll get stopped at a break even before then or not. Not really worried about it. At this point, I've secured some profits is what it is. I mean, I could see us come down back into this demand. You create a little liquidity here. Also have the inefficiency, maybe even somewhere in this inside bar of the wick. But again, it's getting close to that entry. So we'll see how it plays out. At some point, I would expect this high to get taken as long as we don't clear this low.
It all comes back to remembering market structure. And so many people that trade, that have been trading for a long time, that are even making good trades and understand the most about crazy indicators and this and that. Tons of people don't even understand market structure. I know that myself, like a while back, whenever I was trading using algos and using a lot of indicators. Now, was it working for me? Yeah, it was great.
Was that, you know, necessarily the right or wrong way? There is no answer to that. It was working and it was consistently profitable. So, you know, you can't really say it was wrong. But I look at it now, like, you know, if you have clarity on market structure, what it does for you is not only are you going to take better trades, but it's going to give you more confidence and less worry, less confusion than if you didn't understand it.
Because you can say, okay, well, I'm going to target this. See, look at this. Earlier, when this price hit, it came up. Look how close it got to the profit target I had.
Now, did I want to trim whenever we dumped down here? Did I want to trim when I started to see it interactive as supply in a bearish manner? I did, but I just didn't because I was like, no, just trust it. If you get stopped out, whatever. And that's another beauty of only risking a small amount of money. But we came here, a lot of people wanted to take profits or they got stopped at break even if they didn't get stopped here.
Or even worse, they get scared when it's on the way down and they trim. But why do people do that? It's really simple. It's because they don't understand market structure. Because if you're doing your technical analysis right, you should have confidence that those weak highs are going to get taken. At least the first one. I mean, really, I still have confidence that the second one is going to get taken. Unless we might go down and say we break down. Then you see another one of these trade framework set up right down here.
And then it's the same thing. Then you look for the weak high again. But until we break this low, this high needs to get cleared.
So I hope that that helped. Um, was there another thing that somebody asked? Okay. And see, and also would two hour OB or any short timeframe OB? Oh, that was divine. I, another thing too, I recommend that you don't use a shitload of timeframes. Um, I know that it confuses the shit out of me and it's better to kind of have like, you know, your higher timeframes and then use maybe like one.
um really low time frame like the one minute you know if you're doing supply and demand
And kind of stick with that because it's going to, you know, here's the thing. If you want to look for a trade bad enough, you can try to find it. You're like, oh, there's a three-hour OB here and two-hour OB and two-hour, you know what I mean? And now it may work, but I know that you can catch yourself reaching sometimes with that approach. I think there was, I can see, I forgot again. Oh, man.
Let's see. No, I got excited for a second. I guess it wasn't KNC. I think it was Waves or Kava that I got on alert. For me, KNC, I want to wait until we're up here. You know, we could maybe even see this inside bar, but I want to wait until we're up here. I mean, this would yield a pretty crazy trade. But, you know, I wish I would have been paying attention this other day. I've kind of been not watching alts as much. But, for instance, this is what I want when I was talking about sushi. You make that high, then bam, you've got that change of character. Come up there.
Take the one minute, see if it gave an entry. It gave a 15 minute entry that we just saw. Come up here, pretty choppy, but look at this. You came down, you broke this structure right there, and look at that, what supply was, and this is why understanding internal structure helps, because a lot of people are going to just use this only. Well, why wouldn't you use that? What internal leg of structure was the supply introduced in? It's this one.
You see it lower, low, lower, low, lower, low, all the way down to here. This leg of price was what broke structure. So there you go. That's why you can, you may, I used to struggle sometimes figuring out which order block to use. And you always want to use the top one. And oftentimes it is that one. But you see here, you could have had an incredible, I mean, a fucking incredible trade setup here. Let's say if you caught this.
stops just above that very small stop loss i mean you've already made a good bet here just down in this initial like you could target this low you could target all these lows down here i mean eight to one
Looks like maybe it came back up. If you had stops at break even, you got stopped. But if not, you could take it all the way down here. But for instance, that's whenever you take that risk entry, that first entry. But now we've had another break of structure all the way over here. Right there, we broke structure again. And if you look, this goes back to those flip zones. We had this demand right here that sent us back up.
and return to origin of the first break of structure. So you can say there's a lot of demand here. It took a lot of money to push this back up there. What broke this demand and flipped it? It's going to be one of two zones over here. I marked up these sell to buy wicks right here, or buy to sell, forgive me. These buy to sell wicks right here. On the one minute, there's an order block there. And that's just another example of viewing price from a fractal perspective.
You see that's where we, now that this goes back, that's where the leg that broke that down from that. The last area of supply is going to be in this candle or maybe even in here. You could watch really anywhere. Inside bars can hold supply even the one minute. It's just all it is is saying that candle did not break the prior candles high or low.
Here with KNC, you also just have this 15-minute supply. A lot of inefficiencies here. And then we have inducement above this old high. So I'm really, really hoping that KNC comes back up to around this $2.50 range. And once we do, I'll watch the one-minute, wait for confirmation. And I would take these shorts. I mean, I would be trimming them pretty heavily along the way. Ideally, say if this was your low, you came back up here.
Your first target is going to be that low, but you could really target the low of the range for your final target. Obviously, you'd take a good bit of profits, but I would leave probably 50% of my position all the way down there. With KNC, you're pretty far up in this swing. You could go higher. That's why we wait for confirmation, but you've shifted bearish here. It's not looking good for KNC under this level for sure.
Let's see what Bitcoin's doing right at this moment. Asia has been going for like two hours. Probably see some consolidation. Came up and filled this fair value gap. I think we came up, oh yeah, tapped off the four hour one. So, you know, if you were target, if you played that liquidity run this morning, where is it? Depending how you played it.
I was down in this area. There's some fair value gaps here. Delete this so you can see right there. This was really, honestly, shit price action. This is why crypto kind of pisses me off sometimes. It makes me want to trade fucking Forex. You had that stop run. We ran everything. You had your Tokyo low and high.
but this isn't even your Tokyo. This is just the high of yesterday. Tokyo high would be, it already got cleared. You had your London high. And usually if you see a, um, a run on like in the morning, for instance, if we look in the New York session, very easy trade, you ran this old set of equal highs over here. And this is what I use the five minute for old set of equal highs displacement. You got on the fair value cap. You could have short of that and your target would have been the low of the day.
of yesterday, I should say. Very easy. Very easy. You know, you have been taking partials. Once we come under that area, and also this was kind of news-driven, you see this animated push to the downside. Once we come under that area, then can scale in, look for...
Signs of reversal. What is that? Breakup structure upside. Like I said, you don't really have a trade without structure. So we broke structure. Form displacement here and here. This one, I didn't take right off the fair value gap. Whenever we're this high up, I want to see price push under it and I want to see it push back into it. You could have taken it here or here. Stop loss would have been under the swing low. And at that point, you'd target the high of the day. And there was equal. And this was such a nice setup. We had equal highs above right here.
all that got engineered at London high. Because whenever you have a buy day, you're going to look for that London high to get taken out, especially if there's liquidity engineered above it. And we went there and then some. And then now we came up, filled that four-hour imbalance. And at this point, you could possibly see a reversal. So we came up, filled that in at four-hour imbalance. Definitely got a one-minute change of character under here. Looks like you're probably going to get a second, but we'll see.
I don't really trade Tokyo, but I don't think it's going to be too exciting. But really what you'd look for is get this demand in this wick. If you break that demand and flip it to supply, you would then look for whatever supply pushed you down from there. Probably going to be, if it happens in this price, you'd be looking around there.
And then, you know, this would be more of a scalp trade. It's not going to be like a honeypot trade. But, you know, take it as you wish. Anyways, guys, I appreciate you guys stopping in. I might do a live trading stream tomorrow morning. I'm really not sure yet. It just depends how I'm feeling. If I do, I'm just going to be honest. I probably won't be talking the entire time. I'll be focused on trading. But I do want to...
include you guys in a lot of these trades because some of them they happen quicker than others especially these liquidity runs and it's hard to signal them and put my order in but I do want you guys to be a part of that and also I think it's it would be cool to all trade together so I'll notify you guys if I do it'll be really early I'll be up at like 7 to 8 a.m. but we're gonna start doing daily streams
probably two to three of those are going to be trading streams every week. And then the other two, just like normal, I'm going to be releasing a new schedule by the end of the night. Um, that way you guys can keep up with it and we can all, um, get together and, and, um, learn as much as possible. And, and, you know, I don't, don't mean to sound like a dick when I say I won't be talking a bunch and feel free to join, but I'm just letting you know, if I'm trading, sometimes I won't be this responsive because I'm going to be focused and kind of doing my thing. But.
Until tomorrow, I appreciate you guys as always, and I will see you then. Peace.
