Dude, just fucking TRX still going, going. I haven't looked since earlier. I came so close. That was one of the first things I want to go over. I could see, to be honest, now that I look, I could see potentially this have been maybe the target I should have hit. I'll go over it a little more in depth once people get in here.
I wanted the equal lows just because they're kind of like ominous, and this will be a good example. I mean, they still might get taken for sure, but it's been a choppy-ass trade, isn't it? Like, what the fuck? It's like we're just somewhere in this midst of this price action. I respect our entry somewhat. I mean, at first, it gave that nice dump like right here. Those limits hit. I thought they were going to hit to a T because if you see right here.
this shit it like literally went to the limit exactly like the high of the candles 6144 that was the entry but then i was expecting a little sweep i always like a sweep into the zone we got that little nice three drive and then expansion i was like okay we're gonna seek the cell stops here not sure exactly what we really rallied off of except maybe this low which makes sense because we expanded from that once but um
I wanted to target these equal lows because I looked at this was the range that we had put in right here. We put in some cell stops here, moved up. But now looking back, I can see potentially that we did put in new cell stops right here that were taken.
So, I mean, I'm still in it. I know probably most people got stopped at a break even. Hopefully some people trimmed when I alerted earlier, but I could see that scenario, like reflecting on it now, because look how we came off this low. So for instance, if I was just day trading, watching something like this, I would have longed this right here because you came off that one hour or 15 minute low, right? You got a displacement, break a structure, and then you had a fair value gap entry.
Now, where would I have taken it? If I'm looking at the one hour, I might have not actually taken the low or the trade just because of this range, but just that right there. Because when I look at the one hour, if this is now our range, I would really say this little range right here.
So I go in like a five minute. There is this little buy to sell area that we could reject off of above this old high and filling this imbalance. So we'll see. It's been a pretty choppy trade. Seems like the PA was just pretty. I mean, it's pretty choppy on the daily, so I can't really be super surprised. It's kind of just bouncing around. I mean, it really over the last three months, it's been on a range of, you know, 20. And for crypto, that's like pretty small, especially recently.
It's just one of those coins. Yeah. What's up, Adeliki? What's up, Hunter? What's up, bro? How you doing? Awesome. Oh, wow. It was a good trading session today. Was it? I didn't do shit. I made two trades. Oh, yeah? We took these lows, so I figured that it had some from a rally, I'm guessing. Oh, yeah. Nice. Yep.
Oh, yeah. Filled that little gap right here. Or filling that gap where it was. It went at the close. It's about to come back on, though, any minute now. Oh, wait. No, it's not. It's the weekend. Yeah, this gap is what it was drawing towards. That was a nice setup. And we came down.
on NOS and took the sell side right here, right? Cause who came up, rebalanced into a premium, filled the gap, tapped the OB right before CPI and then immediately moved to the sell stop. So now at this point, I mean, it's, I guess it's really too early to call it for sure. And I haven't even looked at what's on the calendar next week for news, but. Okay.
but um i could see a retrace my backup and to fill this for sure that's kind of what i'm what i've been watching too i actually grabbed uh i sold some puts on amd today i grabbed longs on something else as well
Oh yeah, I just did a little Twitter, weird little Twitter trade. Hell yeah. Yeah, so I definitely kind of gave myself a little long too for this, just in case, because I got a lot of shorts still. Yeah, I could see a move. I mean, I was actually telling, I think it was Divine, I was telling this on the monthly chart. I mean, I don't necessarily see this happening, but just because of all the macro.
I think I talked about this on stream, actually. I'm getting deja vu. But the macroeconomic factors. But, I mean, there's always a chance we come up and hit this water block. I don't really lean towards that necessarily because it seems like we're pretty, you know, bearish. But I could see some kind of fuck shit where we come to take this out. All that. Bam. You know what I mean? Then death. That would be the...
If I was a market maker, that's how they would engineer the most potential buying liquidity. It would be up in these and come up and fill this last little imbalance. Also, that's that monthly order block. It's the same zone, 14184.
It's a little higher, actually. So up in this region. I don't know. It might not because I look really the weekly order block to me is this candle and that already got tapped, obviously. And we filled this imbalance in the weekly. All those daily equal highs got taken. So there's not necessarily a reason to look for that. But I would look for some form of maybe a rebound under this low. And then I just take it day by day.
Probably be leaning more towards the long side. I like, I think a good strategy is to let Monday kind of just unfold and it'll give you like, for instance, if on Monday we dump really hard, that'll make me want to long even more.
Whenever we gap up on Mondays, it always tends to pull back. With NASDAQ and S&P, there's a 70% chance that the high of the week is going to be put in on Tuesday or Wednesday. For instance, whenever we're looking at the week itself, and if we're looking at this as the weekly candle, this is what it's going to look like.
So like here's our candle, right? Here's like the body because here's the open, right? So that's where the body is going to be. So the Monday to Tuesday or Monday to Wednesday sometimes is almost always the wick. So like this right here is going to be that manipulation. So like that's why they always say that wicks hold a lot of retail liquidity because what was retail doing here? Buying, buying, buying, dump.
So they engineer that oftentimes this WIC goes into a higher timeframe POI. Like in this scenario, we had the weekly imbalance and a daily order block. And you could use the same exact theory, I guess you would say, whereas on the four hour, or no, I was in the one hour, I think.
I don't know what chart I was on, probably the four hour. Oh, no, that's, okay. Sorry. But yeah, you could use that same theory that if your weekly bias is bullish, like for instance, I'm looking at the next weekly candle. Well, I don't know, actually. If I look at the next weekly candle, I don't necessarily see.
um, a need to be bullish. The daily chart seems like we might have that bullish move early in the week up into that imbalance. Just, okay. This that's actually, okay. So it's kind of coming together. So this week, um, I like that idea right there. You see what I mean? Like early in the, early in the week come up and then throughout the rest of the week kind of see what happens. Yeah, no, that's actually what I'm going to lean towards. So like probably longs Monday, maybe Tuesday.
And then probably JPOW just shits on everybody. And because that would be the same thing. We'd be forming that WIC. Because when I look at this weekly chart, there's nothing telling me this needs to go higher. Like, it doesn't show me the desire to. Like, yes, I see potential areas, but I don't see any, it doesn't show me that it wants to move up. So really at this point. Yeah. I mean.
It's in a place where it could start to rebound. But when I'm looking at the weekly, I mean, I don't really see anything clear except that. But at the same time, we've kind of formed this range here. Now we put in new areas of stops.
You know, one can argue that this is where you move the most impulsively away from. Let me give this on a daily and see what's over there. Yeah, I actually think we'll probably draw towards this before just taking out the whole range. That's where I think the weekly draw on liquidity is. So I'm going to leave that there. Some equal lows. Also, Carl, what's up? Welcome to Playbit. Also, I saw that you got in there. I know you've been on the streams for a while, so it's dope to see you in the server.
And I will look at Bitcoin and ETH. I'm actually going to go over both of those next. Now, for ES, also took the sell side today. I think I can't remember if it took it yesterday or not. ES looks a little bit better on the daily than Nas does just because of this candle right here, in my opinion. I mean, look at the weekly. This is also going to be an order block right here, but we'd already traded into it.
What I notice more is this over here.
Also, an old gap right here. These are something always to pay attention to because I see a lot of times where we have these weekly open gaps. We'll trade back into them. And it doesn't have to be, when I say weekly open, not necessarily just a weekly chart, but the gap at the weekly open. It can be like a 15 minute gap. And throughout the week, you'll see a trade into, like for instance, right here, traded right back into it and then dumped. And this one's already been traded through. But once we look at it like this, it would be rebalanced.
Now, if we do see potential bullish scenario, I think it will just be early in the week coming into this right here. Now, again, with J-PAL, all this shit can change very quickly. We're kind of just speculating right now, but sell stops have been taken. So now we look for price to rebalance before continuing on its narrative downside. So for Bitcoin.
Bitcoin's at a weird place. So the way I look at the weekly is that we're drawing towards these lows. Pretty clear to me. That's my weekly drawn liquidity. So I think the next week's probably going to end up being bearish. But I could see some form of retracement. Here's the thing that's weird to me with...
the daily. So when I look over here, I think we, and we kind of, I kind of wanted this to happen a different, a little bit of a different way. I wanted this to be the accumulation and manipulation distribution, but what it looks like to me is the power of three right here and we've rebalanced. So at this point, we're at kind of a decisional area where we did take the sell stops over here. So
You know, this could be a bullish buy zone, but I haven't seen any reason to treat it as such yet. So we have this order block here that took a lot of liquidity, very important level in this candle. Now you could also take a fib.
and draw the pre-end discount of it. And notice how he came right off equilibrium or very close to it. So we're at a very decisional point. Weekend likes to bring mayhem sometimes, but to me, I want to see the higher timeframes go bullish before I even think about getting in any form of midterm longs.
And also we got to keep in mind with, you know, what our bias is for ES and for the NASDAQ, because, you know, Bitcoin is basically their bitch at this point. It's it doesn't it's not going to do what you want to do if indices aren't. So we have this demand before imbalance here. This is kind of the last little accumulation range before we skyrocketed. When I look at the one hour.
You know, this to me looked like it was a potential three-dive. Obviously, we did not see that. Now, I just don't see any key areas of liquidity we're taking. I just see bearish order flow, right? We moved down, we created sell stops here, then buy stops and low timeframes, took the sell stops, went up and took the buy stops, expanded, rebalanced, did the same thing.
Right. Lower timeframes right there. We got more stops put in, took them, came up and took the top of the range, moved down, rebalanced. Same thing. So I don't see any reason yet to long me personally. Now that could change very quickly. So what I would want to see, you know, we could look at it from the perspective that, you know, OK, well, here's our internal high. But the way I look at it is, yeah, there's an internal high right there. But guess what's right past that?
So until I start to see displacement to the upside on the higher timeframes, I just I don't have much interest in longing it. And I'm not saying it won't go. I'm not saying that at all. But I think that this the longs got sold off here, like institutional longs were built here and sold here. So on the four hour, whenever I look at, you know, what our area is liquidity.
We could look here, right? But whenever we have these power of threes, where we have this manipulation range, you know, I expect a reaction off those lows, but to me, the range that we're playing within is this right here. So ideal longs would be... That's how I got my fib drawn right now, yeah. Yeah. Ideally, if we could get something like this...
and then if we start to break back into the range, right? Now, this would be a very nice scenario because I look at this as, you know, no stops have been taken, right? So let's say we've moved down, we take out this low, but we don't take out the weekly lows and we just consolidate. Now, that's not somewhere you just long, but if you see a, you know, displacement back into the range, you could look to long to the buy stops.
Right. And I think that would really fuck everyone. And that's what Bitcoin likes to do. I don't see any necessarily reason why that should happen, though. So don't get excited. But that's kind of what I'm personally waiting on, you know, or flip side.
we start moving from this area we're in right now and get that displacement regular structure. And at that point, the four-hour structure is pretty bullish. So what I would look to happen, if we can come down here and get that displacement, you might get a move up and then a consolidation here above the range. That would be ideal because if that happens and then you fall into the range, I would just swing shorts all the way down, like literally to these weekly equal lows and leave a runner after that.
Now, those are the two scenarios I'm waiting for in Bitcoin. I know that supply and demand would say the four-hour structure is bullish. You're going to look at the demand, a little zone here, and then you're going to look at the 15-minute.
And you got your change of character. And I'm not saying it won't work. I'm not. But to me, this isn't displacement. It is a V-shaped reaction, but Bitcoin displacement, we all know what that looks like. This is Bitcoin displacement. This kind of move. You know what I mean? For instance, this kind of move. This kind of move. We haven't seen that yet.
So it's the weekend. It's at a point where it's going to do something soon. So just be patient, those that are trading it now. ETH on the other hand, I think ETH has a much better setup, if you ask me. So I look at ETH. We also just went through a very important news event.
I see a potential to come up and rebalance this. So let me just get rid of all this. I'll just delete everything. I'm looking at the daily chart on ETH. I look at this as, you know, where's our major range that we're really playing within, right? And the daily chart, the way I would draw it is going to be this right here.
That's kind of the daily range we're within. So we're in a discount of this range. Now we haven't taken the, you know, sell side like we have on Bitcoin. And that would be even a more ideal scenario. But we did take this right here, these equal lows, right? And I would consider this probably our four hour range would be that we moved the most impulsively away from other than right here, which we also took. But when I look at the lower timeframes on ETH,
I look at this as here was coming up to the merge. Everybody's watching the merge party. They want to fucking long. You get your displacement breaks of structure up, right? So that would be your accumulation market cycle. And I'm not talking about Wyckoff. I'm talking about accumulation of orders. The market's, you know, building up liquidity on both sides and we're doing it above some key levels, right? What key levels are those? Well, we have four hour sell side here.
and daily sell side here. Not the daily range, but there's still going to be liquidity there because we moved impulsively off of it. So once we've taken this liquidity down here, you know, I look at this as, okay, well, we've got an accumulation above that area, then strong move into it, right? And also these lows right here.
So this could be potentially manipulation. Now, it's too early to trade off of that, in my opinion. I would want us to move back up into this range.
And it might not even give an entry. Or if it does on the weekend, I probably won't catch it. But if it moves up into this range and leaves a nice, like kind of what Bitcoin did, just to give you guys a visual of what same scenario I'm looking at, it did it quick. You know, here was the accumulation. Manipulation was right here. Draw this a little bit more clear. Manipulation was down here.
And to me, you know, I didn't see a long entry I liked. But looking back, the way that you could have played it was using this one hour instead of because the four hour didn't give any kind of change of character. That's what I was watching. But obviously, by the time it gave that, you know, GG's got left behind. So the one hour, it did give that nice shift in structure with displacement. And we had this little order block right here.
But this is kind of the same setup I want to see on ETH and then you distribute
And where are you going to move to? Above a bunch of old highs. In this scenario, we also are going to a daily breaker block that we talked about. I wanted us to go to the body. We didn't. We went right to the wick. And now the reason that daily breaker block is important is because it was the last price delivery array in this daily three drive that was mitigating the crash. Where did this mitigate to? Right at equilibrium. So if you take a line out here.
Right there. So that's when you can see the order flow is pretty bearish, right? So we have that accumulation, manipulation, and distribution to pair the orders up here because we induce longs. So all of these orders are going to get paired. So with ETH, I see on the one hour, there's a very similar scenario in the sense that we have an old high. So we've got buy side liquidity. We also have a massive fucking imbalance that did not get mitigated to a premium.
Now, of course, this is a speculatory TA. We haven't really, you know.
confirm that maybe. And another, the other scenario I see is maybe this is early and this, what we're doing right now is the accumulation. Because again, we didn't really take out the major low. Now, ideally, and this is kind of what happened to me with Bitcoin. I was a little early. We didn't trade off of it as far as Bitcoin goes, but maybe, you know, yes, we took liquidity just like Bitcoin did. Because if we look at Bitcoin, the first zone that I wanted was this right here.
And I looked at it like, okay, I filled a gap. But now looking back, it was clear as day this was going to get taken. So now let's look at ETH. That's what's right here. You see what I mean? I don't think it's as clear because we did take some equal lows. But ideally, maybe we see a consolidation here and then a flush down. And that's where you get that manipulation pushed back in and then a move down. That's what I'm seeing, the narrative that I'm building on ETH. There's no need to force anything. You guys know me. I really don't.
I think trading on the weekend is good. I think it's good to have a break and go do some other shit because no matter what you say or what you think, I've done this for a while. I used to do that. Ask Connor. I used to be a fucking madman how much I would trade. But I'm telling you, it's not good for you to do that. You're going to be a better trader if you take breaks. Treat it like a job and like a business. Anybody who does something 24 hours a day is going to get burnt out.
Remember that I used to have like being like 35 fucking longs in the bull market Like scout hyper scalper mentality
This trades more profits. Yeah, exactly, bro. Like this week, I took three trades. Well, four counting TRX, but I took three trades on the funded. Fucking beautiful. All NASDAQ and S&P. NASDAQ was fucking clean. This is the one I took. And I'm getting better with my targeting. So this is that one that I use the extension target. We were talking about in Stock Chat, Hunter.
So like what I did was, bro, perfectly. That was a 60% drop move. Yeah, perfect. Like I wish I would have caught all this. Honestly, what's crazy is I almost wanted to open a very small position lotto, like stupid small. But I was just like, you're just being a piece of shit if you do that on a fine account. Now this over here, this was the Tuesday after CPI.
This was the morning move I saw. Like, yes, the morning started up here, but I looked at it like this was the displacement move that I didn't catch. Like, yes, there was some kind of trade. You could have traded off this in the a.m. You know, oftentimes when we see a really big expansion in the morning, all you'll see is a very small retracement to a fair value gap and then dump. But that's what I traded that morning. Right there. Yeah. So I just I missed that. So then I waited for the p.m. Right. And we came up above this high.
Into a premium of that morning move because this morning move now it's it's easy to fuck this up a lot of people would do this because that's since open But you can see that that wasn't you know that didn't hit Now the way to do is the displays from over the morning usually coming around the London close around that 10 a.m. Mark So once we came above that high let me see if I can I think it still has one minute data here
Yeah. So once we came above that five minute high, wait for a displacement break of structure. So they're right there. I just marketed it. And so once you get that, once you get that displacement break of structure above that liquidity pool, because we created a range here, just like we've been talking about range deviation, we had.
Here is the sell stops and obviously a ton of liquidity right there. And here is the buy stops we put in for the morning. So we came up right at the time we look for this trade, which is right after 1.30. Now look, we target the bottom. Now, usually I would be out in full at the bottom. But what I've been doing recently...
is studying this model of looking for the 100% expansion of the morning move. Because a lot of times you're going to see the same move in the afternoon if it's a continuation, not a reversal, but a continuation, you're going to see the same move in the afternoon as the morning. So if you have a target, I'm not just going to just set it for that for no reason. I need a target. But then I look at this.
You know, how perfect is that? Sell side liquidity. And after we come off that daily chart, we know we're seeking sell side. So where's the next point of sell side liquidity? One could say here, but really here's where I saw it. So then I targeted that low and that was all she wrote. And it was pretty satisfying fucking day. What's up? Then the trade. Not bad. What's not bad? Go ahead.
But I was nice with that play. Hell yeah. I was fucking hype as fuck. I had that bitch in the front and I was texting my girl like, babe, look at this shit. The second one I hit, I waited. It was another PM trade. The morning gave an entry, but I misword it. I wanted to trade. When I look at this, we talked about it yesterday. This was yesterday's trade.
When I came to my desk in the morning, it was right before the market opened.
And I looked at it like, okay, well, this is an easy one. Like your range is very clear here. It's this low and this high. It's about as clear as you can fucking get. So the context you're in though is bearish. So if we look at this, you know, we had a bearish expansion, right? Now that first range you form is important because it's going to tell you what the algorithm is seeking. So once we have this low here, right, you moved up. You didn't really move display with display. It's not anything until up here.
So once we have this low and this hierarchy, you have your stops. So what gets taken first? The sell stops. So that's going to manipulate the breakout traders because everybody wants to short. After this, price is almost always, if you're going to get a continuation, it's going to go in that direction first, right? It comes down, traps shorts, stops out the longs, right? Then where's it going? It's going to the buy stops.
Right guess where I put in cell stops after It took these right here Hit that barely pipped it like absolutely barely right and then expand it again put in new cell stops at this low So once we have that area we know if we take the cell stops
Then we take the buy stops. Then we take the sell stops again. Then we take the buy stops again, right? We know that we're going to be looking for this. There's no reason, in my opinion, to try to long up to here because that was the last liquidity that's taken because price is just bouncing from liquidity pool to liquidity pool.
So once we take the buy stops, why do we go back up? So at this point, you're just rebalancing. So I remember I was talking to Meng and I was like, look, okay, if we, because you have this 830 low and the 830 open holds significance too, but that 830 low, there's going to be liquidity there because that's when institutions really start pushing stuff pre-market.
Whenever we came under this low, I said, okay, if we come under this low, I'm looking for price to go back to equilibrium or above and then dump. And I said, if we take out this low, I'll look to long.
So what do we do? We took out this right here. Now, a lot of people, I actually had people DM me about this. They're like, what happened? Because it gave you the setup, right? Here's the setup right here. You came out, took the sell stops, display some break of structure, and literally clear as day, here is a long right there. Came back into that fair value gap. But it's one of those scenarios like we talked about, is it worth it? Because going back to the range that we're playing within,
And this is what you're always operating in the context of the higher timeframe. Don't get caught up in the entry timeframe because that's just to get the dirty work done. That means nothing more than that. So look where we're at. We're already at a premium. So if your narrative is that now that the algorithm is seeking the sell side, you only look at moves up as a selling opportunity because you have to think like a market maker. If you're looking to take price down here,
What are you going to need to get there? You're going to need those early stop losses. So we had nice equal highs, border block right here, and a little bit of an imbalance. I missed the first trade. I watched it happen. We talked about it on stream. The reason that I didn't like it was because I was literally like here, it's about to give the sell signal. And the reason I didn't take it was because for me, this right here wasn't a displacement break structure. Here is a displacement, but see how we paused.
and then kind of came down there. Usually when you see that, that's going to form a three drive because what's going to happen is price is going to come down. The people that are new to this model are going to take the short. They're going to get stopped out and you form that three drive.
And after that, then you get the displaced or break the structure. Here's your fair value gap. Then you get the real move. But this scenario, it just did its own thing. I was kind of sad about it. I said, okay, I'm done until the afternoon. And I was building the narrative. I said, okay, we're going straight for these lows. Like it was no question, but this gives you clarity. So now when you look at price, this is actually just to be higher. When you look at price,
In the context of this now, we've taken the sell side, but you look at this range, it's been so manipulated overall, and our bias for the week was bearish. So if we look at the weekly candles, and we're looking at having a bearish week, what are we going to be targeting a lot of the time? The previous weekly low.
I'm just going to draw this out. So when you get down in these ranges, this is a little deceiving because this candle is already taking it out. We'll go back to the 50 minute. When you get this low, remember this is that previous weekly low, what are we going to? You always have to ask, what liquidity are we drawing to? Because after this range has been manipulated, we've taken the buy stops. Now the sell stops have been taken. And then you see a rebalance of price before a continuation. Where is price going to rebalance? The new range.
Where is it going to go? A POI at a premium, right? I think I went barely into this, if anything. So price came up. Now, you don't take this first move right here, this candle to the left, right? Because the price comes in there. You go in the one minute, you can say, oh, here's our displace of regular structure, right? Well, for one, there's no fair value gap. For two, you don't want to look for this setup until right around 130. Now, this day, it was literally right at 130.
So that liquidity rate itself, because you want to always, and this is why I enforce requiring a sweep into your zone. This is my POI. This is the narrative I built. Price is just rebalancing. The algorithm is still seeking the sell side, where at the end of the week, we're going to see a bearish close. We're targeting that previous weekly low. So price comes up into our imbalance. Get that second tap coming right at a 130.
There's your displacement. I just shorted immediately on this candle because to me, yes, there was a gap here, but I know that I personally am okay with missing.
you know, whatever, because I like to say, okay, I can already came back, traded back into it for a second and then moved down. So I'm just, to me, yeah, it's a huge difference. It is, right? 30% more profits, but I'm happy with a 0.6 R. So, you know, first target's going to be whenever you're playing this, because you always got to remember, you might be wrong. I just looked at the impulse move back up because who knows, maybe I'm wrong.
so then i looked at what's equal every of this impulse move that was my first target so you want to trim there right right to that nice little reaction the next target is going to be the bottom of the range and after that it's going to be that previous weekly low
You can see nice little rally. He has little rally after the market and then right into it. So think of these levels, like you got to think of them like a legitimate magnet. Like once you get close to that and your bias is there, you know, if I'm thinking the weeklies bearish, you know, the early morning market price action tells me that because we expanded up, expanded the downside price is going to move farther down. It's going to move. Where is it? Where are your liquidity targets on the weekly timeframe?
Well, the first one's going to be that previous weekly low. So that's the most in-depth I can give you on a trade. And this is why I really am enjoying, this has been the first week I've done it, but I only traded Bitcoin and indices and that's all I'm doing now. I'll trade other stuff on the Binance because I want to give you guys signals that are in the private server and we'll trade alts and stuff. Like I enjoy trading alts, especially for swing sometimes.
i definitely found my bread and butter with indices so probably start expecting more signals on uh these soon um we took a trade on es it's the same thing that we or we didn't i shouldn't i don't want to deceive me i did i didn't signal it but um i don't want to make it sound like we i gave a signal but here is a very similar thing look at this right coming into that um london the end of the london close this is kind of a weird timing usually i like to see earlier in the day
But again, go back to that one minute. Saw that liquidity raid, right? We formed that new range. And you see how, like I was saying before, you know, whenever it's early in the range, you want to make sure that you're building your narrative. So for me, I looked at it like, okay, we've deviated above this little range here. Looked a little different on the five minute. Let me do a replay.
So to me, we just took the sell stops. Now we took the buy stops. Then after that, we're going to go for the sell stops, then rebalance. So you want to take profits in full there. If you're still at this, once you come into a range, your initial stops, then you form the range. So that first range gets violated the first time. Like we said, what is this doing? It's trapping the continuation breakout shorters because everybody missed out on this and now they're getting FOMO and they want a short. Market makers know that.
Price comes down, traps them. Then it's going to come up, stop out, you know, any kind of sensible stop loss they had is going to be right here. Why? Because it's the trading range. So they get completely obliterated. Then they're crying because the trade's going to go their way without them, right? It goes straight down to these stops. And then also all the bulls, you know, let's say they get stopped there. They, you know, there's the short traders getting stopped or trapped, but then the bulls that want to buy the dip, they're going to buy.
Anywhere in here, their stop loss, unless they're totally just senseless, is going to be right there, if they're day trading. So you take out, you're just manipulating both sides, prices going from one side to the other, and then you see price comes down and rapidly expands.
So understanding where you're at in the range is really key with taking profits. And that's something that I've gotten better about because a lot of times, you know, like this time, yeah, I wanted to just take this. I wasn't going to target the previous weekly low. You know, you'd have been big sad if you did that. Theoretically, I could have held it, though, because if you watch, that's another thing that I do want to go over. If you get a good entry.
early in the week on a Tuesday or Wednesday, because remember, I think this was on Wednesday, but remember the high of the week is going to be on Tuesday or Wednesday 70% of the time. So if you get an entry on one of those days,
Then hold it if you want. Now, if you're unfunded like me, I'm not going to hold all of it. I'm going to take some profits. Here's the only problem, though, is your stop loss isn't working between five and six on my Forex funds. You got to be responsible. If you're pretty close like this, I wouldn't leave it.
Whenever you're looking at price action in the week, whenever you get it in an area of institutional involvement, which was right here, there are orders being mitigated. In this imbalance, institutions were getting involved here and here. Guess where we didn't come back to? That high. Why? Because they're going to protect that high. They don't want price coming anywhere near where they're going to be in the red. They're in the business of making money. Let's just say if you were swinging something, previous weekly low,
I think it was 38.83. Yeah, it was this low right here. Could have just held it if, you know, that fits your plan. Now, you would have had a stressful day a couple times. But, you know.
If you guys have any questions, throw them out there. I'm probably not going to stay on the full time tonight because me and my girl have, what is this? Oh my fucking God, Din is texting me. Scarbs, one time I talked to Scarbs and Scarbs literally called me on a FaceTime and Din was in there. So now Din has my number. I have a block to me just because it's kind of funny, but it gets on my nerves sometimes.
But if you guys have any coins, throw them out there. Like I said, I'm not going to be on here as long because I got dinner with my girl. Can you look at EGLD, please? Sure. And then ETC. I know that Adaliki wants ETC. Let me do ETC first, to be fair. I kind of forgot. Then I'll do EGLD. So ETC, this is another coin that's got a lot of fundamental stuff going on here.
You know, let's see. So if I'm looking at the range that we're in, I'd look at that low. That's where it expanded the most off of up to here. You can see how we came back above that high, took it, and we're moving down. I would say I'd lean more towards price coming down lower into this range. I could be wrong, though, because you have to take into account that there's a lot of stuff going on with the mining community with Ethereum.
that can cause shifts in price that are going to be a little less predictable. When I look at the four hour, I see a pretty clear displacement down. It could just be mitigating orders within this. So two scenarios I would look at, it's kind of just squeezing here, right? It's building up liquidity on both sides. So it really moved hard off this high.
Took these stops and also moved really hard off that as well. I would lean more bearish on this personally.
But I probably wouldn't be trading it because it's... I got how many cryptos on my watch list? I'm 103 on futures. I'm not going to pick the one that has a fuckload of shit going on with the mining community, especially when it's the Ethereum mining community. That's just my outlook on it. Somebody said, what worries me is that exchanges remove their order blocks. Wait, what?
Oh, you mean like the order blocks that they put in before the bull run? Yeah, the Bitcoin one I'd be looking at is like 11K. That's where it's going to go. I might end up being wrong. I don't ever care to be wrong. I'll let you straight in your face right now and tell you I think Bitcoin's going to 11K. I don't know when, but I wouldn't personally buy anything as far as equity goes until then. It wouldn't even be a thought. That's just me.
I love crypto and I love the utility of it, but I also look at things for what they are. When I look at the Bitcoin monthly chart, it's about as clear as can fucking be, in my opinion. If you just looked at just this, this was your view. You didn't know what time frame it was. You didn't know what asset it was. What are you going to tell me? You're going to tell me it's going to go up here? Come on.
I mean, really, if you look at the monthly, this would be even a worse. Damn, bro. I'm not going to be able to sleep now, bro. This right here, if I look at the week. You know what I'm saying? If you look at it from an objective perspective, bro, it's like, come on now. But this to me looks like, I mean, I could even call me crazy, bro.
Nah, this is where people are going to really be like, yo, this dude's lost his shit. I'm like at the weekly, I could say this shit could go all the way down and fucking take those lows. If I'm just being objective and looking at this like, okay, we came up, buy stops, obvious sale stops, took the buy stops. I mean, I'm not saying I push it that far, but I ain't putting anything past it. I'd say that the first target for me...
It's going to be right there. I think it's clear as fucking day. That's where we're going. Now, I don't think we're just going to go right down to it. We could. But we could also do this, come up, this, this, this, that. But it's going down there at some point. That's my bias on it. And I look at it in a great positive way. I'm like, that's going to be a fucking awesome opportunity. EGLD.
Okay, so it tapped into the weekly imbalance. Oh, no, actually. Oh, yeah, it did. I just didn't fill it. Why do I have these two lines? Where the fuck is this line from? I'm just going to redo it all. Oh, no, I didn't mean to remove that. Monthly charts and alts look fucking terrifying. Let me just see if there's a spot chart that has more data. Same.
That's why I think there's a lot of people out there that really love these coins and they love the project and the community and all this. And I don't mean to be like that guy, but that ain't going to... Communities don't hold up market caps. You've seen that with NFTs and all the people that are delusional. There's people... I was looking at these stats. There's people that have held 50 to 100 board apes through all this. I'm like, bro, you've lost your fucking mind.
Like respectfully, you've lost your goddamn mind. But EGLD, I mean, we took out a fuckload of liquidity here at this low into this imbalance, right? It hasn't really showed any desire to go higher. If anything, just first glance, we formed this imbalance. It got mitigated, but it seems like price went a little higher. We dug into that and now we've moved pretty rough away from that zone.
So now if we take a zoom in, you know, the weekly, we did take out some lows here. I think the overall target is going to be down personally, just like most crypto is going to be this range low. But where we're at here.
It's almost like it wanted a three drive here, but the rest of the market, I mean, this looked pretty good because we had this sell side removed right there, that three drive into it, and then expansion, fair value gap. But, you know, J-PAL said, fuck that. This looked decent, but now it doesn't look that great in my opinion. I mean, if it's going to do something, it needs to do it. It seems like something's going on here. You could end up seeing another form of...
accumulation, you know, manipulation, distribution, because now you have, oh, it took it. Nevermind. Nevermind. I was gonna say, if these were equal lows, that'd be pretty ideal, but it's not. Who knows? You could see, look at this. Yeah, I mean, if anything, I would look around the idea of maybe trading back into this before going lower.
See how you're kind of consulting here. You took these stops right here I would look for probably you got a lot of liquidity at all these levels Any of these levels in the daily chart that you moved expansively away from I'm not saying you're gonna see I wouldn't even pay attention that one actually, but um
And you could see I pushed back up to the imbalance. Boom. Bearish order flow, kind of same thing. You're going to have another imbalance. Boom. And until that changes, what I would say about changing, something honestly kind of like this, but maybe I've taken this out. And also you've got to keep in mind that what Bitcoin is doing.
Somebody said ApeCoin. Somebody actually put some TA on ApeCoin. It didn't look bad. And then somebody also said XMR. Those are going to be the last two I do. So look at the daily.
Yeah, whenever they send me this to you, I didn't see the whole full screen. What I see right now is probably these lows, what I would frame trades around. I mean, on the daily chart, now I'm not saying it won't, but I see absolutely no reason, except these highs maybe, why you need to go up. Let me see what this looks like on a four hour. I mean...
That's the absolute only reason I would see to draw up. But if crypto starts flying, it's going to go up nine times out of 10. But I look at it like this. If we have this massive range, price took the stops, distributed, moved aggressively down. So now what's price doing? It's the same thing. Moving down, making a range, manipulating one side, rebalancing, moving down. Now I saw some form of expansion with the rest of the market, but where to? It's unbalanced.
All right, so we just push up. And again, it's just prices moving from area of liquidity to area of liquidity. Here is your sell stops, buy stops. Price moves up, manipulates into a higher time frame POI, moves down, takes these stops. So now what are we doing? All right, right there, we formed another area of sell stops, made buy stops, came down and took the sell stops.
So at this point, I would look at this move right here. Go to like one hour, see what kind of potential reversal zones you've got.
I mean, I would pay attention to this candle, this rejection block right here, because yes, it's not right at a premium all the way, but you've got liquidity in front of it. You've got an imbalance. So I'd probably build potential long ideas. I mean, it doesn't show me any kind of displacement at all. It doesn't mean it won't go up there, but this is not what I need to get in a trade. But if anything, I would look for it to come up here and then expand rapidly down.
probably going down towards the next area of liquidity. But overall target would be, you know, down at these lows. Really, I guess this low. So I can move this up a little bit. And the reason I picked that low is because that's, you know, here was the initial lick rate. Let's see if we did a 705. Pretty, probably went deeper actually. Let's see something like a one hour. Maybe get a better view.
Yeah. So here, so oftentimes when you hit that lick rate right there, I believe this, this might be clear. I don't know if it will or not. Yeah, it was. So that lick rate, that initial impulse move off of it, you're going to move back down into optimal trade entry, which is this zone right there and then expand. And then this is where the sell stops are put in.
So it's going to be a little different on the daily chart. And actually now as I was moving away from it, it looks like those got taken and then new sell stops put in. Yeah. So those initial sell stops got taken right here and new sell stops put in. Somebody said for Ape, why did I start my fib from here? Are you talking about this one right here? What we just did? The short scenario. You mean just the range? It's not a fib. This channel I drew because this is just where the stops are.
So if you look, where are the two areas you move the most impulsively off of? Here and here. Price came back up. Here was buy side liquidity. Buy side liquidity was taken. Now we look for sell side liquidity, especially when we're in a bearish narrative already. Didn't draw from a high, but at the middle. I'm not sure where you're talking about. I've drawn this, and then I drew something down here for the lick rate itself. My present TAF. This right here, I wouldn't say this is the middle. This range has already been manipulated.
This to me is a whole other ballpark that's been manipulated as well. So I look at the most recent daily range, which to me is this, because we came down. This is where you see displacement, right? Institutions were getting involved here. Oh, this isn't a fib. This is just a fair value gap. Yeah, that's not a fib. That's just a fair value gap. Sorry, I'm using a different color. It might be confusing.
Oh, no. Oh, I'm sorry, bro. My bad. I'm sorry. You're talking about down here. I was saying, so this is the most recent, whenever we were talking about the range, when you look at the four hour, this was the four hour range. Like, so this little scenario is what we're seeing on the daily, the big picture, right? But when we look at the four hour.
This was our range right here. Here's we move the most impulsively. We came up, took that, came down, took this liquidity, put in buy stops, then continued. So we look for price to rebalance. So this impulsive move, we look for a move back to equilibrium.
So this, whenever I'm drawing fibs, I'm looking at impulse moves. And this, to be honest, isn't the cleanest price action, but this is where we move most aggressively away from. And if we're anticipating this at the bottom, this is where we're going to have a pivot from. And again, this is why I don't trade a lot of these coins because they just have shitty price action for how I personally trade. The daily chart's clear, but like, you know, you gotta remember, APE is a multi-purpose coin. There's a lot of people that just hold APE.
There's manipulation with the liquidity of Ape. I mean, again, it's just one of those things. There's a reason why I don't like trading a lot of lower cap coins. And I know Ape's not a super low cap, but it's because you're going to have weird price action like this. And there's a lot of external factors that can affect your TA. What are institutions involved with? Bitcoin, Ethereum, right? You don't need anything other than those two.
Let's help you out all the time. So XMR, and then I'm going to hop off here. Okay, so looks like right here could have a potential four hour. Let me do some of this. So that green zone was a daily fair value gap. We saw three drive into it, expansion down. Now we've mitigated that fair value gap. What's up, Vanch?
And you're welcome, Analiki. Anytime. So now what I see here is these lows are going to be targeted. We formed equal lows. Bulls are going to look at this like support. So we came up, mitigated this order block and the three drive fair value gap. Any kind of breakers that were here got mitigated. So price is rebalanced from this range. So now we're seeking the sell side, but I could see one of two scenarios. I wouldn't touch this until one of these plays out. Scenario one, you come back up into a premium of this impulse move.
right? Somewhere up in here. You got a pretty clean breaker, but I would pay attention more to the fair value gap as soon as you get a premium. So that's scenario one, we just go from here. Or scenario two, which would be a better situation in my opinion, this becomes an accumulation range. We move down, manipulate, trap traders under this liquidity pool, then rebalance. I would wait for one of those two scenarios.
So I said, okay, so you said your paper trade is better than your real trade. So good news is that means that you know you're a good analyst. Now, the difficult part about that is this is where it comes to the point where you realize that being a good analyst doesn't make you the best trader that you want to be. And it's almost always because you have a fear.
of something whether that's the fear of missing out the fear of losing money the fear of leaving money on the table or the fear of being wrong really get in touch with yourself and look at your mistakes this is why journaling is really important and if you don't want to journal then that's great be like everybody else who doesn't want to journal i know but that's why a lot of people don't make money because they don't want to do stuff like that but really reflect figure out why you're taking losses you know most times with good analysts
In my opinion, it's going to be the fear of missing out. Because if you look at setups and you watch 25 different coins, there's always a setup in your head. There's always going to be a setup that will never change.
So you're going to take those setups, right? So then you find yourself taking 10 trades a day and wondering why you're breakeven or negative. And it's because of the fear of missing out. And once you start acting off of that, you're now acting from an emotional foundation rather than a logical strategic foundation. That's human nature. So my advice would be to focus on literally one asset, focus on really building your narrative.
And stick with that. You don't need 30 trades a day. You don't need one trade a day. Literally. I had the best week that I've had in a while. And I took three trades. Was I watching every day? Yeah, sure. But I didn't watch today, actually. So that's every day but today. God damn, that was loud. It scared the shit out of me. But that's my best advice, bro, is just really fine tune one pair.
filter out all the noise. Don't be looking, um, you know, for 55 trades in a day or, and just get in touch with not trading and be okay with missing trades. Like it doesn't even matter, bro. There's trades like every, every other day there's going to be a trade, you know, it's not, um, it's not going to be the end of the world if you miss stuff. And also I appreciate you too, IRB.
On that note, guys, I'm going to hop off. I am going to head out to dinner. And yeah, tomorrow in the private server, we'll be doing the class and continue our course. And then for everybody else on Monday, I will see you guys probably sometime in the afternoon, lunch hour, most likely. But yeah, I really appreciate everybody. And if you've got any questions, you guys all know how to get to me. So yeah, I appreciate it. Be safe, guys. I'll see you.
