What's up? Sorry guys, I was a little bit late. Yeah, beautiful morning today. So again, this was kind of sad because I had an entry for the server. I had two entries that I wanted us to take in the morning that, it's funny, we actually just went over this in the private classes in the last, I think it was the last class actually.
We discussed inefficient ranges and why your entries, if you're using limits or maybe you're just waiting for a return to a certain level as to why they won't hit sometimes. And I won't go into all of it, but basically the moral of the story is, is every time frame is always operating in the context of the next time frame up. And then that time frame is also operating in the higher time frame.
Sorry, Saul. I don't know if you knew you were talking. I didn't mute you. But so basically the idea is if the one minute is moving in officially and it's not coming down because the overall trade, I want to take it first. I posted this morning. Here, let me find this. So I'll just give you guys a before and after visual.
all right so i don't know i hope i don't have coped it again i don't think i do but i feel pretty shitty i'm not gonna lie um i feel like i can hear it in my own voice i don't know if you guys can hear it but let's see where is this
I mean, I'm so, I ordered a new PC from NZXT, like a custom built one. And they literally sent like the wrong thing. So they had to return it to sender. Now it's gonna be like another 10 days before I get my PC. It's pretty sad.
Okay, here we go. So I said right here at 9.49 a.m. that I was waiting for either of these levels to get ran before I did anything. So I was looking at the equal highs. When we come in the morning and you have, let me just open this up over here. Hold on. Make this easier.
So the view in the morning, whenever we were looking or when I was looking at the market, coming into, I think this was, what did I just say? It was 949. So right after equity opened, no liquidity had been ran yet. So at this point, we've got a lot of stop losses here, a lot of stop losses here, and a lot of stop losses down in this area and here as well. Now, the market is kind of in this search and destroy mode. So quick rundown on what that is. Basically, it's just everybody's getting got.
It's not necessarily the easiest to trade in. That doesn't mean if you feel comfortable that you have to sit it out. For instance, I don't personally sit it out. I do try to be a little bit more picky.
If you're new, it's not really the easiest market to trade in. But what I wanted to wait for was one of these levels to get ran because then I was anticipating that the other one would because that's the whole idea of search and destroy is that everybody is getting liquidated within a range. So if we're looking at it in the context that everything's likely to get liquidated, we're going to see these highs get ran and these lows get ran before the major move happens because then smart money is taking all the liquidity and only a few people get to be around for the fun.
So coming into the market this morning, we'll go back and I'll just, let me hide all this so we can see a little clearer for now. So again, just to put those levels again, what we were watching was this level.
this level, and these equal highs up here. So I'm going to go ahead and rewind the chart back to, oops, didn't mean to do that, back to, we say it was 945-ish, 949. So at this time, it's just waiting. Whenever we're like this, there's nothing, in my opinion, that is high value that you should be trying to expose yourself to, especially in these kinds of conditions. So we're going to wait for one of our levels, you know, we build our narrative and if we don't get it, we don't get it and we don't trade.
But we're looking for one of these levels to be ran very quickly. And with a lot of displacement, which is what we look for when we look for manipulation, we see all of these equal lows get ran. So we know that a lot of longs are getting stopped out. Now, yeah, you can look in hindsight and notice this five-minute order block that we've bounced off of. I wasn't paying any attention to that. The important part of this is that the...
What is this right here? Oh, hell yeah. Thanks, Glacier. So the important, the moral of the story here was that the...
Overall, the point of interest was liquidity because if we're in search and destroy market conditions, we're looking for everybody to get destroyed, search and destroy. So once we see price push under an area where we know that there is sell side liquidity in the form of sell stops, we're going to look for potential long signals. Now, exactly what is that? Again, it's a market structure shift.
I will say there was something in me that wanted, I wasn't going to do it just because it's not my model. I'm going to delete this first line because we know we're under that area of stops. Now here in my book, there's no market structure shift. I don't know why I looked at this as something. And I obviously had no intention to trade off of it, but it's funny because that's what we got a reaction off of.
Now, when we're talking about trading the lower timeframes, and we were looking for a market structure shift, just because we don't have, you know, a strong high being broken, and some people are going to disagree with me, but this is how I trade. So if you're here, just take it for what I say. I know that there's going to be, I guess I think Dan's like, oh, but so-and-so said this. And like, with all due respect, not going to be rude, I really don't, I don't care what so-and-so said. You know, so I look for a shift in market structure as any high, meaning any candle with a lower high.
to the left and a lower high to the right, getting taken with displacement. Now that's displacement. So let's just say we missed, even if there was a trade here, which I didn't see one, but what you can do, and this is how people will pyramid, is you look at this range here and you say, okay, you take your FIB and put it on the displacement range. Now everybody's entry model is different. People might trade at the order block. Some people might want the lowest area, the lowest fair value gap.
If you're like me, you look for the first fair value gap and a discount on the low timeframes. So we had given, I'm just going to give you guys a play-by-play of the signals. Sorry, guys, for spamming a little bit today as far as how many signals we gave. But so we gave a, where is it? Yeah, the first one I wanted right here, as you see in this fair value gap we're looking at, right? So I'll bring this over in a second. So let's see what happened there.
Completely memed, right? And now what we talked about in the class that we did was inefficient ranges. Now, why does this happen? Because everybody learns smart money concepts. They want to see price move efficiently and move from one area of liquidity to another and come back to a discount to give an entry. And seeing this kind of price action can make you make mistakes in the future because you might say, well, last time it didn't come back for me. I'm just going to market it. That is a fatal mistake.
And the key to not doing that is understanding why is this happening? Because there is always a why. Even if you or I or somebody doesn't catch it or never catches it, there's always a why. People always just say, yes, it's just moving like shit, this and that. And there's almost always something that was causing it now.
There's not always a way to catch that and you shouldn't expect to, but you should try to learn from every mistake or every missed entry or every stopped out trade or any negative outcome instead of looking at it and blaming it and shit talking it. So whenever we're looking at a price range, we're moving this inefficiently. What that's showing us is that that draw on liquidity. Okay. What in the fuck?
Hold on. TradingView is such trash lately, guys. Let me save this and then refresh my screen. Is it saved? Okay, I figured out like a different chart. Okay, sorry about that, guys. I don't know what's wrong with TradingView lately. To be honest, I'm completely... Made me lose my train of thought. Oh, so whenever we've determined that the... Yeah, it's not even... Let me just refresh my screen. Sorry about that, guys. It's frustrating.
Turning if you really need to fix this shit. It's fucking up my teaching. So whenever we look at price in the context that we're drawing up high, remember the whole idea here was that we're going to bounce off one area of liquidity and we're going to go up to the next. So if I'm saying that I think this is the draw on liquidity. Now, again, just a little refresher on why I think that is no matter how you draw the one hour range, if you just draw the most recent displacement.
It's the only remaining internal liquidity because we have an order block on the one hour, equal highs, and then a 15 minute. Oh my God, bro. Let me delete this. All right, guys, shit, it's fucking annoying. I'm about to just go back and not do it in replay mode. Okay, so.
We know that the narrative was to push back up into these equal highs because that's the last bit of internal liquidity in the one hour range, the 15 minute range, however you draw it. We're looking for this to get hit, especially with the mindset that we're in a search and destroy narrative where everything is going to get stopped out. Because guess where the next area that shorts are going to be stopped? These equal highs. Everybody that's shorted here.
and then got this big move down. They're all euphoric. They're taking SPY to 300 or ES to 3000, and they're just going to hold from here. They're going to get stopped out because that's just the way that this goes whenever we're in this kind of price action. So the first limit that got missed was this right here. That's when I showed you guys.
we had canceled these old limits right here, 1016, and place a new order. Now, this is how you can use the same ideology to pyramid your orders. And this can be used on any timeframe. It doesn't have to be the one minute in context of the 15 minute. It could be the one hour in context of the daily. And this is how we trade up through a range or through a lag in price using our high timeframe bias and then just using the lower timeframes to chip away.
and get involved along the way. And there's a million different ways to do it. But in this example, I said, okay, well, you know, my bias hasn't changed. Just because my entry hasn't missed here, that does not mean that my bias has changed. So whenever we get a new market structure shift at the lower timeframe, that's their way of telling you we're reaching up. Where we're reaching up, we know that we're reaching to this high and to this imbalance. I shouldn't say we know, we think we know, right? That's our narrative.
So as price goes up again, I said, okay, let's go ahead, cancel those old limits and set a new limit. A lot of people look at that like, oh, you're just chasing. And you're not chasing. If you understand price action and you genuinely, you're confident in your bias, which I was, then that's not a problem. Now, the reason I picked the order block instead of the...
the fair value gap was because the only fair value gap on a one minute was not great risk to reward. And I'm not going to refine on the seconds. I just don't do that. So I'm just using the next best entry, the next price delivery rate that's in a premium. So I said, cancel them if we hit the draw, which obviously we know price got that close to it. It's a shame. Now the old me, what I would have done would have just said, okay, I'm done. I'm going, I'm coming back to the PM session. And while there's nothing wrong with that,
I would have missed a great opportunity had I done that. But my bias was that once we reached this zone, I was looking for a reversal. Now, why am I looking for a reversal? Again, the last bit of internal liquidity. We've got 15 minute equal highs, a 15 minute imbalance and a one hour order block. So a lot of confluence that we might see a reversal. And on top of that, we've been running for a couple of days and the market has showed, in my opinion, the desire to move lower.
The search and destroy condition usually comes after we meet a daily bias, which is the one that we gave earlier this week, this imbalance. We met it. Price had this open high, low close yesterday. We made it to a high early and then reverse. That tells me that we are likely to move down. Now, where are we going to move down? I like this volume imbalance, and we'll go into that a little bit later, or this imbalance right here. And that's why that's my final TP.
The entry that I took, go ahead and pull this back up and I'll explain the profit targets and everything and all that. So the entry I took, I just marketed it on the break right here at broke and then it kind of came back and I just marketed it right there. Now, why did I do that?
If I know or if I am anticipating that the market is in this search and destroy type movement and we are having inefficient ranges, price is just expanding, right? It's just moving. Now, this isn't something that I would recommend you to do if you're newer and I don't recommend you do it all the time. I don't do it all the time. But the reason that I marketed here and just to give you guys a little more insight yesterday.
We had two times that the price, if you look here at yesterday's price action, this was on the five minute. Let's go back.
I wanted to short. Oh yeah, it was right here. I gave that signal out somewhere around right here. And I wanted to short if we came to this high. Now we didn't. And you see the narrative played out. So whenever I'm seeing this kind of extremely inefficient low timeframe price action, that tells me that there is something larger at play. Now we know there's a lot of news this week.
There's a lot of very, very big earnings reports. So price is going to be on go mode, if you will. So once you if you're going to trade in these kind of conditions, in my opinion, if you understand price action, if you're very confident in where we're going and why we're going there and you're able to manage your risk, there's no problem in making a move a little different than you would have. Now, there's a fine line between this and breaking your rules.
And I'm going to be a lot of people maybe wouldn't even share this with you or, you know, maybe they've never done it and they're not going to they're going to say always be robotic and follow things. And I will say that with time comes intuition and you kind of just have to navigate in certain ways. Now, I don't want to inspire you to make bad decisions and to start marketing every time we get a displacement break. I'm not saying that.
The reason I put my targets, well, I mean, I was going to long from here at one point. And if we look at the five minute range, which was right here, which this is our liquidity rate. So if I'm looking at a 15 minute, what displacement rate of liquidity? It was all of this.
I'm not going to just use this last little push in one minute. So whenever I look at that displacement rate that took liquidity, I'm going to target price delivery raise in a premium. I'm sorry. Shit. I always do that. I don't know why. In a discount, not a premium. You guys that have watched for a while know that I literally always say that backwards.
We're going to target our POIs in a discount. I almost said it again. I'm not even kidding. But the reason I targeted these was I was going to trade from them at one point. So it would be kind of illogical, even though that trade setup wasn't validated, to not want to trim at somewhere that I previously identified as institutional order flow. Because we never know. I could have been wrong. We could have hit this and then came back up, rated liquidity deeper in the imbalance. I mean, hell, this could have just never worked and we just go to 4,000. You never know.
You know, I never know for sure. That's why I always try to rephrase when I say, use the word no. I mean, I anticipated, I thought. Now, I targeted that first entry. Then remember, what was the other levels we gave early in the morning? That sell side liquidity here. So I targeted that as the third target. Now these extended targets, which are more for runners, are going to be, oops.
Instead of equal lows down here. And that is also the beginning of that daily fair value gap. And then the final target, if I was still in the trade, and these would be very, I'm almost 75, or I'm sorry, almost 85, 80% out of the trade. I'm 75% of the trade right now. So these are runner targets. Most of the trade has played out, but I look at it as we could, we have a good chance to start moving down now, especially if we start consolidating within this range and earnings come out.
not great today for Apple, that could be a huge catalyst. So I'm going to leave a little bit on there. The stops are at entry. Beautiful trade. It's nice coming back. Those of you who were in the stream yesterday, we recapped loss that I took. So yesterday my day went like this. I recapped. I took a loss and then got missed twice. So it was a stressful day. Like it put me in a bad mood and I caught it pretty early. I was like, you know, you can't.
You can't think like that. But also another confluence that I really didn't even see till just now. Sorry. Is this breaker block right there? Actually, never mind. I didn't hit it. Never mind. Sorry, guys. Anyways, it was a stressful day and I don't like those days. So it's good to come back and have a winning day. But I won't enter any more trades. I definitely won't enter any more trades as far as intraday today. So I want to recap too.
Don't be mad at me. We kind of missed the entry as we were sitting here talking yesterday. And I wouldn't have traded it just because it was lunch. But literally as we are coming on here yesterday, I think I came on a little late. I can't remember. But look, this is the noon candle was the entry. So I wouldn't have taken it because of that. I wasn't paying attention because I was getting ready for stream in the AM session.
uh slap me across the face but we had this smt divergence with the nasdaq i'll show you guys actually i'll leave it i want to make more um to make more um presets but we had this higher high here be clear on the one hour so we look at that right there
If we look at the NASDAQ at that time, we had the SMT divergence. So that, along with the fact that we took the buy side liquidity here after meeting our daily draw on liquidity, that's prime reversal conditions. So that's your framework. That's kind of your confuences. We took liquidity. We're in premium of the daily range. We're in premium of the one hour and 15 range. We took one hour and 15 minute buy side liquidity. We have smart money technique divergence with NASDAQ. And then on top of that,
you have to confirm the entry because I like using a five minute to confirm a one hour
You had your market structure shift, had displacement down, taking the swing low, return to fair value gap, and off to the races. Now, this one was kind of sad to a while. I looked at this afterwards and I was like, are you fucking serious? That was after I realized I got missed by these. And then I looked back and was like, what even caused this? And I was like, wow, that was, we talked about the SMT yesterday. We did talk about that. But, you know, so seeing after all that yesterday kind of is, was frustrating.
Made the loss back and triple that and feeling good today. So I didn't want to just kind of
review that with you guys and just be honest that, you know, yesterday wasn't a great day. Took a loss, then got, you know, front ran twice on limits. You know, that's always kind of frustrating, especially for me. And that's why I tweeted yesterday. I put like my biggest problem with trading is that I'm a perfectionist because in all honesty, yesterday, that's not even, I took one loss and
I had two limits missed, but I was fucking pissed. I won't even lie. Like I was, I was way more irritated than I should have been. And that, that was because I'm too much of, I try to make everything perfect. That's why I've talked a little bit about min maxing recently. And that's kind of me speaking to you guys from experience because, you know, I want to be transparent with you guys and let you guys learn from.
my mistakes and my shortcomings because i know it may seem like i get on here and show you guys a lot of hindsight stuff and i show you guys a lot of real-time stuff and then those of you guys who have been on the server a while know we've caught a lot of crazy moves so i don't want to just put off that because you know whenever we're posting stuff and um
You know, when you post things on social media and you talk about things, a lot of people never talk about the bad or the difficulties. And I think that creates a lot of problems for people that are trying to learn from them. And if your intentions really are to help people and to teach people, you need to be transparent because then you give them a realistic expectation. So I did want to share that with you guys. Now I'm going to respond to some of these questions.
on the PC. So the PC, it had, it was i9, 13.7, 24 core, 32 gig, 6,000, I think it's megahertz RAM.
Then the 3090 in it. Not the 4090 yet. A tall tower, the large tower. I think it was like a 593 motherboard, no Wi-Fi. 1,000 watt power supply. And 2 terabyte SSD. The Samsung. I feel like I'm leaving something out. Oh, yeah. No, I told you I had what kind of chips it had in. It was Intel i9.
I think that's everything. Oh, and then the fans add two 140 millimeter fans. We could make a drinking game out of it to take a shot every time you clear your throat. Yeah, I'm telling you right now, I do that a lot as it is, and I'm not feeling good right now. Somebody fucking commented on one of my videos was like, can you stop snorting? It's like, fuck you. I didn't say that, but I really don't feel good. I feel like I'm sick. I don't think it's COVID, though. It's more like just a cold.
I'm just going to mute myself every time. You'll hear it. I don't know if it does that for you guys' Discord, but we're in the Discord. Much love, Haas. I appreciate it. TradingView, go. That was drunk.
Yeah, storyline, talking to the charts. You know, you got to really build out your narrative because once you build out, like this morning, I looked at the charts. I said, okay, what is it going to take for me? What do I want to see here? I'm like, because to be honest, I was leaning toward, I didn't know which one was going to happen first. So it's like that. I didn't know which one was going to happen first, but I thought both would happen. So basically it was kind of easy this morning. As soon as one happens and I get my low timeframe telling me that price is drawing up, then I look for the other to happen.
Once that happens, I look for the low timeframe to tell me we're drawing down. Now, if we rated the highs first and then the lows, I probably would have taken price higher.
Because that would have told me that the shorts got liquidated, then that's just to manipulate the market. And then the longs got liquidated as fuel. So if smart money is seeking fuel from longs, usually the one that they run the second time is going to be the bigger move, so to speak. Not always, but a lot of the time.
This is a good question. If everyone will trade SMC, will there be a new kind of SMC? To be quite honest, I would say 95% of the people trading smart money concepts have absolutely no fucking clue what they're doing. So I don't think we have to worry about that anytime soon. And another thing too is like the whole ideology behind it isn't just manipulation. You got to remember, market makers aren't here and doing this just to cause you pain. They're doing it to cause you pain.
so that they can benefit off of it. It's not like they're evil and just want to liquidate everybody for no reason. The reason they take liquidity is so they can use it. So as long as they're going to be trading, they're going to be seeking out liquidity. Now, it may be harder to look for it. And I think that the probabilistic outcome of that would maybe be the liquidity rate being rated again. But again, I wouldn't worry about that too much.
because i don't think most yeah smart money concepts has blown up tremendously recently but believe me i'm in a lot of groups and i'm in a lot of uh a lot i'm on twitter a lot most people have no idea what they're talking about so i don't think we're to the point where everybody's figured it out
Yeah. And another thing, that's a really good point, Jag, is that people can learn it all and then their emotions are going to destroy them. So, I mean, there's a reason that, you know, 90% of people are, they fail at trading and lose all of their money in the first year. And just if you've done that, that doesn't mean you fail. You know, the only time you really fail is when you completely quit and you just give up. That's true failure. But 90% of people, you know, are not winners in trading.
I don't think it's that 90% of people don't understand technicals. I know, again, that's another thing I say a lot of the time is that the best analysts sometimes can make the worst traders. It's like trying to learn how to swim reading from a book or how to hunt. You're going to know all the things you're supposed to do, but are you going to actually do them? We'll see.
Um, yeah, you just start seeing tendencies for sure. I can see, I can tell when people are way better and more experienced, just have a trained eye to identify stuff and especially inducements and liquidity based stuff. Yeah. And a lot, another thing too, that, that comes with this is, um, trading the same asset a lot of the time or if we'll get a reaction here, but, um,
Trading the same asset at the same time of day is really, really going to be something that will quicken your journey to that intuition while you're trading. Sorry, I couldn't talk. But if you trade, you know, 40 different things and you just move from every, you know, you trade whatever's hype right now or you trade, you know.
the newest fucking altcoin every time it drops or whatever. You're never going to build any kind of intuitive approach. You're just going to be, you know, you're just jumping in the ocean in a storm and trying to grab the fuck onto something. And you have no idea, you know, how that market's moving. And you don't get, you don't build like a relationship with the narrative of things. Like I think anybody who's trading indices the last couple months knows we're bearish, right? We know that.
It's no question at this point after this and then that big push up and then a big push down. I think that it's pretty clear to everybody that we're bearish. So, you know, we're bearish in the daily. Then if you're trading every day, you're in tune. You know what I mean? You're able to really look at the market for what it is. See if we get a nice reaction off that gap. But yeah, so that's another big, a major key to that.
Oh, yeah. So I do that shit all the time. I say premium for discount and discount for premium. Like, I literally almost never get it right. I said, bro, did I take a short? Yeah, we did. Right here. 3090 is fire. It's massive. Yeah, I want the 4090 would be fucking awesome. But, you know, what the fuck? There's like some porn bot fucking. How do I delete it? Delete. I'm blocking them. There's some porn bot in the comments.
I hope that took them off. I blocked them. But ZP, what's up, ZP? I hope you're doing good, bro. Never seen a three-drive setup like today. Can you kind of explain why we at for the late or extra Lego XPS? Will you DM me? Because I'm kind of confusing that last part. But the three-drive up here on the one-minute.
Basically, I mean, this one really just, again, it's just that search and destroy kind of condition where we, you know, the reason I shorted on the break was just because I didn't look for a retracement due to the search and destroy market conditions where the market is just fucking flying. You know, like this morning, I got missed twice because of it, because the drawn liquidity was so intense.
And then this example, next round liquidity, which was our third target was just, we just went straight to it. It was little to no inefficient, or I'm sorry, little to no efficiency and price action there. So, you know, that three drive where we kind of, I mean, this is a weird one. It's almost like a four drive, I guess, but you're good.
They said there was any confirmation. I'm not sure what your confirmation is, but there was very clear confirmation here Extremely clear like clear as day. If that's not displacement break of structure, then I don't know what is so there was a 15 minute we went over I'm not sure if you're in here late, but just to kind of recap 15 minute equal highs and a premium 50 minute imbalance Displace move into it low time frame shift with displacement out of it. It's clear as it gets
So I said saw the Asia low getting tapped New York open Asia low got tapped and down it went New York open Asia low got tapped and down it went You mean maybe the Asia high? I'm assuming is what you mean? I think it was the London and the Asia high that got tapped. Yeah
Okay, that's what you mean now. You said it didn't give any retracement. No, so it did give a confirmation. So I just guess we misunderstood each other. So it definitely did not. And that was what we've been talking about. If you want to rewind the video after it's over, or even I think you can do it while it's live, we talked about why we entered without the retracement and how search and destroy market conditions can give really weird price action. Just like this morning, it moved up, didn't give a retracement to discount.
You would benefit to watch the first half of the video for real. Yeah, we went over that. Because it can cause a lot of problems for people. And it used to for me if, you know, you're like, what the fuck? Price isn't going back to where it's supposed to go. And then the next time you might make some kind of mistake to try to, you know, FOMO into the trade or, you know, not wait for the retracement.
If you don't mind me asking, where are you from? I'm from the Southeast United States, Tennessee. No dice on that little imbalance. It'd be nice if it would come all the way back up here and they are the PM. That would be pretty efficient. And then if it does and it reverses from there, then we would look for even lower pricing. If it reverses from there, I should say. Not if it just comes up there. Bro, speaking of all coins. Oh, QNT. Let's see.
You can tease fire man like the just the chart in general Also somebody said why do curve charts look so weird in the one minute? It's funny. You said that I literally was I noticed that because I was look where we're in curve But they look like fucking uni so I just illiquid and the reason is there's just no liquidity here It's just like you once you start to see this to be honest like that's why I just I didn't even use anything less than a I think it was like daily and maybe a one hour to execute this
But, and we already kind of de-risked this one just because crypto is just, didn't really see the big pump I would like. And Bitcoin and Ethereum are getting to those points where I want to see a reversal. I haven't seen it yet. I need to move this up again. Because basically I'm just waiting for a displacement, break a structure to frame some cells. Same with Bitcoin.
And a lot of people, I don't always use strong highs and lows. I don't. I just, I'm more about displacement and shifts of market structure. Shit, where was I though? I have like the worst ADD. Oh, speaking of all coins, that was QNT. That's what it was. Oops. I'm taking a nice little dive here. No dice on, did I take these highs? Oh, equal highs up there. Hmm.
I mean, this has been running for quite some time. I didn't take that high either. And the weekly could start to pull back here. I mean, we did take a lot of liquidity here. It doesn't look as clear in the weekly, but on the daily, took a lot of highs right in there. And if we look at the weekly range, I'm just going to delete all this, clean up the chart.
Actually, wait. Hold on one second. Let's see. There was a one-hour imbalance that I wanted us to tap. Oh, wait. No, no, no. I'm glad I just did that. So if we could get some form of reaction here, I would maybe look to long because this is where I originally wanted to long because we got that daily imbalance right there. Then we go to one hour to confirm it. Nice display so we move out of it. So we look for that first price delivery and a discount, which is this imbalance here.
And we have these equal lows right under it, which it looks like we're about to run. So that being said, once we get into this zone, if I can start to see the lower timeframes show desire to move up, I will look to probably swing some longs on good old quant. Slight problem with the new GPUs and their cables, like the 4090s. I'm sure there is. That's why I didn't get it. Just because anything that's that new, I'm kind of like, you know, I'm good on it.
Oh yeah, custom keyboard. So right now I just have the Corsair K70. You guys probably can hear it all the time. I would like one that has the lubricated switches and stuff.
But yeah, I like the keyboard I have too. The only thing I like RGB stuff, but to be honest, I have like light strips and all that. And then I have like a neon sign and that's enough for me. Like I kind of want to do away with the RGB keyboard and RGB matte. It's like almost like two gamer and two like studio type, which I don't mind, but I have enough of it. You know, I do like that, but I have.
I already have these light strips and then my mic is also RGB. I just kind of want like a clean white, you know, light for my keyboard and that for whatever reason, I can't. Maybe I'm just dumb. I keep meaning to download the software for this keyboard, but the default settings, you can't make it just flat white. It's like you can change the colors, but they're just colors and there's no flat. It's always like shifting and stuff, which is cool. But again, it's kind of like, you know, so I said stream is kind of delayed.
Hmm, I mean not it always is gonna be delayed just a little bit, but it shouldn't be too too much
um yes yeah okay so for those wondering esz 2022 that is the december contract for the s p 500 index futures so yeah there's es there's spy there's spx most people that trade options know of it aspire spx but it's the same thing it's basically what all of those are derived from in a sense this is where the big money is trading i mean big money trades options obviously too but this is where the
the most money is uh is involved as an index futures you can trade them on metatrader you can trade them using a discount futures um a lot of different forex brokers or if you want to trade them with your stock brokerage you can trade the minis or the micros and i think they move either uh five or fifty dollars right a handle which is every 25 cents and they have them for the nasdaq and the dow as well
Damn, the Dow is just mega strong lately. It's insane. Look at this shit. It's in its own world. It's finally up in this order block, but I have this mark because at this rate, I almost think we're going to get some kind of SMT where this just takes this, but we'll see. It's getting into the point where you'd want to see a short, but it's just not there yet. It's simply not. I'm not saying it won't get there, but
Think there's a caterpillar earnings today, too. Yeah way. I've already had a number one. Oh god. They're better than expected Yeah And then Apple What else is there? I think there's something else I know we had met already we had cat Apple we already had Boeing It looks something up the text been getting fucked, huh? Oh Amazon that's done
The MasterCard too, but Amazon was the one that I knew I was forgetting. I think that that's, yeah. Oh God. You got some volatility inbound. That's for sure. And those of you who aren't aware of this, make sure you are not, unless you're deep in profits and have a stop at breakeven, do not be holding through it. Like for instance, depending on how close price is to, if it's just barely under breakeven or something.
I would probably just go ahead and take off the majority of the trade because, I mean, I already have, but the majority of what's left because the potential of slippage, you know, let's just say, you know, price does this and we're here at 4 p.m. and then just moon rockets. You're probably not going to get filled at break even. You might even get filled at your original stop loss because, you know, price moves so rapidly whenever we have that kind of stuff happen.
That's the next big ones we got today. We got MasterCard and Merck and Company, which is a pharmaceutical. Yeah. I'm just curious. I just want to look at MasterCard because I kind of like looking at, what is the ticker? Hold on, let me pull it up. MA. I like just pulling up stuff. Tesla, I call it pretty clean. I like just watching it and seeing what kind of manipulation happens. Okay, so first off, you got internal liquidity there.
You can see a sell-off. I mean, I'm not going to trade off this. Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying I'm trying to predict this to trade, but it's interesting. I would say price C. You might see a sell-off later with that. We'll see. Just because when I look at this, prices, if we go to a weekly range, let's see. Yeah, the weekly range, we came into a premium.
Weekly order block right there. So then you go to the daily. The most recent impulse in the daily, since we took a low, is this little bullish range. But, you know, we're in context of the weekly. So we've came to this volume imbalance, the weekly order block, likely to reverse. You know, the one hour really hasn't shown too much that we want to. Really hasn't shown anything because, you know, this push down didn't take a low. But, you know, now this new low, it's going to be right there.
So until we get a displacement below that, we can't really say, or I personally wouldn't say that we're drawing down to a discount. You can maybe even see like what we've seen with earnings, everything else. You just will rush up and then a push down, something like that. We'll see. I would actually probably look at this to be a little more aggressive as the low. Also, I just now saw this silent. My bad, PAXG. My bad, bro. Isn't the PAXG the asset crypto? We might as well just look at gold, I would think.
I will tell you what I wanted for gold, though. I can just look. It's the same chart, similar. I wanted this, which is 1675 on PAX G. This is what I think we're reaching towards. Yeah, I think it's up. I mean, you could maybe frame along up to this. It's not the most probability just because we look. You know, this is really the, well.
I don't know. I mean, I guess you could look at it both ways, to be honest, because you could say that this is really the most recent impulse move. And then we talked about this other day. I was looking at a different context the other day. I didn't say I said that I thought this wouldn't the body. You see this, this order block got recapitalized. We traded into a little bit rate of liquidity, formed a new order block. I'm going to draw lines because it's a little easier to do that. So bam, found the water flow. We're drawing up, right?
So what I would look for, I mean, you're really kind of where you'd want to see some action right now, to be quite honest. Look at DXY after we get done here. I would just look at Gold's chart. To be honest, I'm actually just going to go ahead and switch. I see it looks kind of different, doesn't it? As far as the lower timeframes go. To be honest, well, actually, did it take these? Yeah, it did. Okay, nice. Did I tap into this candle? No.
It did tap this fair value gap, though. I mean, there is a little bit of liquidity in that order block. I don't know. Hell, I don't know if this looks better than the other one. But I would say the shift was right there. You're kind of at the last leg right there. I mean, I almost want a lot of long gold right now, to be honest with you. See what this would look like. Why does this look so much different than PAXG? Hold on. Am I crazy? PAXG is like way higher. Yeah, it's way closer to the...
Imbalance. Who knows? 1668.125. Oh, I'm an idiot. That was what I was reading. 1688.125. This is a lotto play. Don't do anything crazy here. Actually, I'm going to go ahead. I'm going to give it a little bit of a wider stop. So lotto, I'm risking like 0.25% on this. What's that? That's 638.
Again lotto don't don't think I'm just saying that I say lotto lotto right swing into the weekend if I did it would be a Very light position. We still got tomorrow See how it goes free lotto for you guys on that note guys. I'm gonna see if there's any other questions, right
What would I recommend to someone who is trying to learn ICT and SMC in crypto markets? Well, first off, I would reckon you not trade crypto because you don't have to. And if you think you do, you need to look into PrimeXBT. I'm not going to say that I've used them or say I trust them, but I know a lot of people use them. It's probably not much more risky than VPN crypto trading, but they offer Forex and they offer indices.
You can use crypto deposits. Now, again, I'm not affiliated with them. I'm not telling you that I trust them. I'm not recommending them as far as their trustworthiness. Anything can happen. So if something happens to them, don't come back to me. It's NFA, not financial advice. I'm just kidding. But I just would really recommend not trading crypto, man. I mean, what you're going to do is you're going to lengthen your learning curve. You're going to make yourself think you don't know what you're doing. And you're going to waste a lot of time and a lot of talent.
trying to learn something that is just, that'd be like saying, let me think of headaches. That'd be like saying, I'm going to learn to snowboard and I'm going to go from the entire top of the mountain with the shittiest snowboard that I could possibly find. Like that's, that's the equivalent of that. But you know, if you must, I recommend only trading Bitcoin and Ethereum, nothing else. Don't look at anything. I don't even give it a time of day.
You know try to learn training like and don't you don't try to use the one minute as much I mean you can it works sometimes, but that's that's my advice
In the bull market, when there are more retail traders, do you think retail trading techniques have a higher hit rate or would SMC have a higher hit rate since market makers have more retail liquidity? I think that in a bull market, I think that anything in the right direction has a higher hit rate. For instance, let's go back to 2020, like this time 2020, you could literally go on your watch list like this. You could say, crypto, okay, boom, I'm logging this.
come back with no stop loss in a week. As long as you didn't get liquidated, you're going to be up thousands of percent. So as far as precision, I think the smart money concept will always work. And retail techniques like...
I'm not one of those guys that's going to act like retail doesn't ever work. Hell, I know people that are trading right now. I know people that trade without SMC that make more money than any SMC trader that I know, literally. I know people that make more money trading bull flags than people that trade one-minute entries. I will say a lot of the time they have a lot more money, but my point is...
there is no like right or wrong way to trade. And some trading techniques are going to have a higher hit rate for some people more than other people. Like for instance, somebody that trades bull flags right now might have a higher hit rate than somebody trading SMC because they have better trading psychology. You know what I mean? So it's kind of hard to answer that. But I guess the way I would answer it is that in a bull market, anything works, to be honest, and just about managing your risk.
But smart money concepts will always be more precise and always will provide the higher risk to reward if executed correctly. Yeah, the new MFF program is neat. It is cool. Amazon, you had told me already when I was looking for it. So here's a good question. What is the difference between internal and external liquidity? So when we have a trading range and we're moving through this range,
you know we've kind of shown the desire to move up
So we're in a bearish range. So we're going to look for price to come back up. Here was our old range. What happened was we came down and we took the external liquidity. Now, why is it external liquidity? Because it's at the external point of the range. You went outside of the range to take it. You went to an external area of price to take this liquidity. Internal means it's just inside this range. So when we have internal liquidity like equal highs,
We've got equal highs here, equal highs here. We'll just put an imaginary fair value gap right here and another one right here and then another one right here. So theoretically, once price shifts up and it shows us that it's reaching higher with that market structure shift, then it's telling us we're reaching towards liquidity that's going to be internal to the swing range that we just created. Now, what kind of internal liquidity do we look for? Do we look for price to hit here and turn around and stop?
No, why because it's in a discount price is going to move from external liquidity
back to internal liquidity in the opposing market extreme. Market extreme, premium and discount. So below the 50% of a range is discount, above it is a premium. So we know that smart money sells from a premium. So if we're looking to get involved with the correct institutional order flow, we're going to look at price and areas of liquidity in a premium because after all the internal liquidity is cleaned out, that's when we can look for the external liquidity.
So we expect reactions at all zones.
And we have a heightened probability once we move into a premium that price is going to react from maybe this area of liquidity and move all the way down to the external. But what makes this less likely is if we have a lot of internal liquidity remaining. So for instance, in this example, if price wants to come back up after that, it's going to take these highs. Then it might give another reversal signal. Now we can try to take this all the way down.
we have to understand that it's not as likely as if we had cleaned out all external liquidity. So price can give us our entry signals and tell us the market's reaching lower, but maybe it's just reaching for this lower, maybe a fair value gap here, because the true narrative is to continue pushing through the range and cleaning out all internal liquidity before the true move happens. So we can see this comes up. And then now at this point, when you get this kind of reaction here,
Now you can look to target the external liquidity of the range and you're not going to stop here and you're not going to stop here. You're going to take partials there. But if you're trading whatever timeframe you're on, this could be used on a daily, weekly, hourly, 15 minute, five minute, one minute, whatever you're using.
You can look at price in the sense that now we're likely to go take the external liquidity because now all of this internal liquidity has been cleaned up. Everything has been taken care of. So there's no reason for price to move back up. When you're down here, sure, it could go down, but there's a possibility that goes up here. Now, when you're up here, it's a better probability than here to go all the way down.
but it's still not as likely as here. So that's why whenever people try to short every order block and target the weak low, so to speak, that's why you keep getting stopped out. And that's why that doesn't work all the time. And that's why I really do not like a lot of the basic smart money concepts because they're just selling a dream and just trying to make it as easy as shorting every fucking four hour order block. And that's not how it works. So I hope that helped you.
And that probably helped a lot of people. And just really, like, go rewatch this. At the end of this video, go rewatch this. Rewatch this many times until it makes sense. Ask me any questions you want. But that is how you need to look at price. And you need to look at it in forms of how probable is this entry to take me to the external liquidity? Does that mean, you know, if it's not likely? You can still take a trade here, but be trimming heavier or taking full profits earlier on.
Same as here. Now here, you should still partial. Don't get in the mindset that you're just going to take it all here, but still take partials because again, we're only human. Sometimes we can be wrong. I'm wrong all the fucking time. I was really wrong yesterday and it sucked multiple times, but today I was right. And I won bigger today than I lost yesterday. So that's kind of just, that's the reality of trading, but you always prepare yourself for being wrong. So you want to take partials at each area of liquidity along the way.
but you can look to extend your targets fuller or longer whenever you have cleaned out all of the internal liquidity within the range that you are basing your trade off of. Yeah, I agree with you. The price action on indexes this week has been weird. I explained a lot of that early in the video too. I know we were talking about the retracement earlier, but for real, go watch the first half of the video because I agree with you. It's just like fucking madness this week. It really is. You can trade Euro US dollar on Binance. What? Can you really?
I did not know that. Are you sure? I'm not saying you're wrong, but I had no idea of that. I feel like I would have heard that before. But on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. As always, feel free to reach out if you have any questions. Let me make sure there's no more questions anywhere on YouTube.
On Discord, there are two. I already answered that. BingX, that's another one. Their user interface is way better. And again, like BingX and Prime, all of these just, I hate even saying them because then if they rug pull, someone's going to come back and say, oh shit, dude, you fucking said this was a good, I'm not saying that. I've been reached out.
to be a partner of BingX. I've been reached out to be a partner of MEXC, of PrimeXBT, of all these. And the reason I don't do any of them is because the way I look at things, the world's economy is plummeting. And I will not be surprised if any of those completely rug pull everyone because you're trading with no KYC. There's no regulation.
It's a double-edged sword. Yes, you get to skip around laws about leverage, but you're putting yourself at risk. So I'm never going to put my name with that or ever tell you that anything's for sure because it's not. So that being said, there are other ways to trade crypto. And also, HUD, hell yeah, we got the same target on gold. Let's get it. I see you've been back actively. You've been killing it. I saw you at the Dow shorts this morning.
It's dope how many fucking like we still got a lot of the play bit. Oh geez left like we really do
Well a lot of gone but and stop trading because the bull runs over but It's dope to see how the growth of everybody I remember me and you used to literally sit there and fucking Scalp it like we'd trade crypto to like six seven in the morning just during the bull run just scalping being like Multiple trades. I'm not gonna say the number but a lot of tricks Anyways guys, I'm gonna hop off here. I'll see you all tomorrow at noon and if you got any questions, you know how to get at me peace
