What's good? I'm going to give everybody a second to get in here. Indices made a nice rally this morning. I think that if we can close a day like today, I think it's pretty clear we're going to be drawn back up into the range on indices. We got NFP this week too, so that could be a little bit of a catalyst for this distribution of the dollar leading up into that high impact news, probably the highest impact news that's consistently affecting the dollar. We're pushing down to this weekly imbalance, but I don't really show.
I think it's showing any sign of this being of any value. Now, the next point I would look for, there's a weekly order block here that holds some value, I would think. It's the first in a discount.
So we could look there and then really for the high value area, which we might see if indices start rallying, would be under these lows and in this imbalance. So we could see some relief for financial markets denominated by the dollar. I think that indices are showing a desire to want to draw higher. We came down, we took that weekly sell side and this is the old range. And as we took that, now we have a potential framework to reverse and move towards the upside.
Because after we take external liquidity, price is going to want to move back to where? Back to a premium of the range into areas of internal liquidity. Now, the first area I see that's right around this equilibrium point is this weekly order block. It was formed right after that, or well, by the little false pump after CPI. So we had that massive dump with CPI and that false pump. Or no, I think this was the CPI dump.
But overall, I think that a lot of shorts are going to get purged here. I think that's kind of the MO of what's going on. Not to say there won't be any short opportunities. I took some sales yesterday, intraday. But, you know, I think that it's safe to say that price is showing the desire to want to draw up. It's going for those short stop losses. Now, looking here in the one hour, we formed a pretty massive range here with this early week expansion.
let me delete this so when we're talking about the weekly power of three i know we would look for i you know i got a couple questions about why are we moving up and you're saying that we're probably going to move up more if we're moving away from the weekly open we should be bearish and again it's one of those things that you can't expect everything to just be a hundred percent all the time especially whenever we've taken key levels it's nfp week there's quite a bit of stuff going on
Overall, we want to look at structure on the higher timeframes to give us our narrative. And what the structure in the higher timeframes tell me is really simple. We took external liquidity. So when you're under this area, you're kind of at that odd point.
But then once we show the desire to draw to the upside, that gives us a bullish bias because why? Price is in a discount. There's draws on liquidity in a premium, right? That weekly order block is really the first that's around it. But when we zoom into the daily timeframe, that fair value gap to me is the overall draw. If we close the day, anything like this, that will show me we've formed a swing high. We had a candle that had one candle to the left with a higher low and one to the right.
At that point, longs would be the more higher probability trades. And of course, there will be shorts. It'll be a possibility to catch shorts. But just be mindful that if you're looking to short, don't try to go against the wind too hard. What I see right now is us consolidating above this kind of clean high right here. I'm sorry, not above, below. Engineering some shorts.
Seems like there's not really much. To me, there weren't really many opportunities unless you traded pre-market because, I mean, we just literally from the opening bell just nonstop rallied. And then this up here to me, I mean, maybe something if you wanted to trade off of this and target up in this region. But it's just it's not really the cleanest area, in my opinion.
And you can see we're kind of engineering these shorts with these false little moves to the downside, but they don't really take any structure, right? But not really the greatest day, in my opinion, trading, unless you swung. If you swung calls or swung anything, you're up stupendously. But nothing really that has caught my attention. I probably wouldn't even be sitting here if I wasn't streaming.
I think that overall very local draw is going to be this high, 3805. Maybe revisit price after that. Depending on how we move going into the afternoon session, if we could maybe get a little bit of a retracement, engineer some liquidity, raid the liquidity down here, or maybe these lows, something along those lines, that would give a potential long opportunity. All right. Sorry, guys. Hold on. Stream should be back up now. Not sure why I did that.
I don't know how much of that cut off, but basically what I was saying is I don't really see any clean opportunities here, except if price decides to kind of consolidate going into the PM session and then maybe raid some sell-side liquidity to trade up into that high. Or we might raid that high and you might see reversal. But again, it's just don't try to force that. Don't be one of those people that just tries to short every pump, right? The shorts have been the whole time that people have been trying to buy the dip. And that's kind of like the
The common narrative I'm seeing recently is everybody just, this can't continue. Like we must short, the market crashing is incoming, you know, and it's just like, don't bet on that. Because again, you just look at it from price. You don't get all biased about macros and everybody's talking about stock market crash. You just look at it as we took external liquidity. Are we showing desire to go up on the daily chart? If we close like this, I think yes.
So at that point, we look at it from the perspective that we are coming up to mitigate and rebalance this range. And then, yes, they're your shorts. But remember, when we look at price from terms of what are the most high probability setups, we want to look at, first off, premium and discount. And so many people forget that. I think it's one of the first things you learn and then people just kind of throw in the trash. But premium and discount of your higher time frame ranges. If you're day trading, I recommend you always have something visualizing the premium and discount of.
the daily, the weekly, and the one hour chart. Because if you're, you'll be able to mitigate a lot of losses by just not taking low probability trades. Like people that are trying to short here and target the lows, it doesn't make any sense. I mean, maybe you have some other strategy, but, and who knows, I might be wrong. I'm not, you know, this could, who knows, we might dump tomorrow. I'm just saying the way I look at it from terms of probability, everybody that wants a short, where do they want a short under? They wanted a short here.
all the people that were shorting were shorting right here market crash incoming going down world war three right so once you see that and you've taken out all this sell-side liquidity what does the market like to do it likes to punish those people also if you look how we came off of the previous week's equilibrium it didn't do and a lot of times when you do that that's going to show you're going to have a bullish week and literally we blasted right through it within like hours of the market open so you know
I'm leaning more bullish for sure. If we close a day like this, I will start to frame my day trades around that long narrative. Now, I'm not saying we won't have any sell days, right? We're going to. Just like whenever we were on the way up here, you had, you know, yes, price is drawing up, but we hit a lot of orders. So we had sell days, consolidation, but you'll look at the market from a more bullish perspective and will be more reluctant to take long targeted sales. So you're not going to take a sell and target.
the you know hail mary targets now once we get back up into this region we'll reassess price in that narrative because why it's going to be at a premium who knows it might go higher there's an imbalance up here with a high who knows it could go take out everything you really don't know until we get there so you have to look at things in probability
You know, we just took out the stops, we're at a discount. Shorts are probably lower probability. Now, if you take shorts, just be mindful of that. Because there's going to be short opportunities, like there will be 100%. And I'm not saying that I won't short, but I really want to drill that into people's heads that, you know, bias is important. And it's not like you have to be tunnel visioned in your bias, but you need to at least operate in the context of it.
It's weird this didn't take any of these lows. We got a nice little shift, but a lot of equal lows there, and then came off the triple bottom pretty nicely, but I wouldn't pay any mind to that. Another thing, too, to keep in mind, this week is NFP week. I've even thought about taking the rest of the week off. I had a good day yesterday. I don't see anything that I want to participate in today.
Why sit around? I have other things to do. You don't have to trade every single day or every single week. A lot of the best traders I know don't trade every single week. They'll do really good, maybe a week or two out of the month and they're done. They have other businesses, they have other stuff they've got going on.
You know, and also staring at the charts for too long when there aren't high probability setups, I think will cause a lot more losses because your vision is going to be catering to what you want to see. So if you're sitting in front of the chart 24-7, you want to trade. So you're going to find trades whether they're really there or not.
It's all psychological. It really is. Somebody said, how many hours a day would I recommend to put into the game, including study, backtesting, et cetera, if someone has the luxury to fit their lifestyle around trading? I mean, studying, study all day. You can study as much as you want, but don't trade all day. You know what I mean? Studying, you could study 12 hours a day, right? And you just kind of have to know yourself of what you can retain and if you start to feel yourself getting burnt out.
you know any of that then it's time to kind of cut back but really it kind of that that uh the defining factor and how much you're gonna be able to do that is how much do you enjoy doing this like i know whenever i first started all i wanted to do was trade or study or or something it was just like that's what i wanted to do so i didn't care to do it for hours i didn't feel like i was burnt out but if you started feeling burnt out that's when you got to know to stop like i was actually just talking to somebody not long ago like today about the
Once you get funded, and really, this is for anybody, but especially once you get funded, you start coming into a part of your trading where it's hard, but it's not hard technically, it's just hard psychologically. So you got to be aware of yourself and everybody's going to be different. And there's always different parts of your trading journey or your career that you're going to be at.
whenever you're trying to become the best trader you can become. And if you're one of those people that is a boom and bust trader, you've proven to yourself you know what to do, but you never can hold the gains or you lose most of them. You'll have a really good run and then a really equally as bad slump. And that is a telltale sign that there's something psychological that you're enduring that is causing you to make those mistakes. And a lot of times...
I think it's the fear of being wrong and the fear of missing out. So once you know you can be right and you start being, you're off a little bit or you have a bad week or whatever happens, then you start losing that confidence and then you're afraid to be wrong.
you know, that is going to cause you to have those boom and bust cycles. But you got to know yourself and ask yourself, like, how are you feeling while you're trading? You're not trying to get all like therapy on you. But really, like if you notice like you're stressed or frantic or panicking, anything like that, that's when you know, like you got to step back. You have to know yourself and like know when not to try to participate because not every single time.
you know you want to trade doesn't mean you should be trading
He said, sir, on one of my tweets, I mentioned that when I treated the one hour as a daily chart, your probability increased. Yeah. So really, for instance, like I was talking about with ranges, like if I'm looking at the one hour chart, I have to kind of ask myself, what are we drawing to? Just like I do with the daily chart. And I was explaining why, you know, we took the external and we're moving back up to the potentially moving back up to this fair value gap. I look at the one hour the same way. So the one hour, you know, our range was more over here.
This to this low. So we took that high. So at some point, I'm going to look for potential sales back down into a discount of the range. But I'll be picky with them because what? It's counter trend. And I'm just looking at it in the context that, you know, the market has shown desire to go up, but we've taken a range. So price is going to do what? Well, eventually it's going to rebalance. Right now, where would it probably go to? I mean, I see pretty clean equal lows with imbalance right below them right at equilibrium.
Right now, though, I think we're drawing towards this. Now, we might end up preserving equal highs right there, but to answer the question in short, it's really just understanding ranges. If you have a range and we've taken the external, now we're not going to continuously try to long up here. I mean, I'm not personally. I'll just wait. Now, if that means waiting and not taking a sell until we come down to where I want to long, then sure.
You just have to treat that as a high timeframe. Treat it as the framework you're operating in intraday. Because yes, the common saying is selling a discount. I mean, sorry. No, that's not right. Selling a premium and buying a discount. But obviously, we're not just going to buy, buy, buy only here and sell up here. You want to kind of take that same concept and ideology and apply it to your one-hour timeframe if you're day trading.
If you're not day trading, then it doesn't really matter. I said, can I check oil, please? Let's see. It's been rocketing. I had that OPEC meeting. Something with cutting supply. Algo, if you're in here, you probably know. I haven't really kept up with it. Oil will eventually become a little lower. Not much lower than it really did.
Overall, with oil, whenever you have news, you need to just kind of chill. Like we were in oil sales last Friday. We made a nice little, I think it hit one TP. And then we just cut, yeah, they cut 2 million barrels of supply is what he just said. So with oil, I mean, macro, you'd be bullish just because of, you know, because oil is a little different than, you know, everything else. There's a lot more stuff that goes into play with oil. That's why it's one of the harder assets to trade. You know what? It seems like we're drawing two to me.
I mean, it's not really that, this chart to me isn't all that clear. I mean, I would say, if I'm really asking myself the daily range, it's going to be all the way back down into here.
So on the daily range, we've came into a discount. We've taken out internal liquidity. We're showing signs to go up. So the daily range and the weekly range are a little bit combative. But in the weekly range, you've got to take with a grain of salt because it's from literally zero, which is COVID low. So it's a little ridiculous to kind of force that narrative that we're going to go down. Because, yes, we did take external liquidity. But, I mean, I think that was a little bit of a crazy range. I mean, zero to its.
literal like recent highs so i think that um if anything you'd probably lead a little more bullish on oil and look for price to kind of move back up through this range and take out you know some of these highs especially with the fact that they are cutting the supply bitcoin ethereum thoughts
I think it's going to squeeze these shorts. That's what I want. I'm not touching it until it does. I think that this high is going to end up getting taken. I don't know if it'll be right here or exactly when it'll be, but that's what I would like potentially. It looks like almost like a little three drive setting up. But really, I'm hanging out until this high gets taken and we move up into this imbalance. And then I'll revisit the charts.
I really don't watch crypto unless it's to those higher timeframe areas. Like I've got that alert set for this imbalance. Other than that, I'm not paying much mind. Now, if it comes under here, I'll obviously pay a mind, but it seems like it kind of wants to protect that for whatever reason. Ethereum, I think those are the daily chart. What was it?
Oh, it was the weekly. It's just not showing. There's that weekly fair value gap, which is this green box right here. So I think that's what it's drawing towards overall, as well as like that daily order block. I just, I don't know. I mean, until we see some kind of intention, I'm just not going to sit and burn myself out watching this. Like, let's see how many days has this been that it's just literally been sitting there.
it's been 16 days like people that i feel sorry for people that are just sitting there just watching that because you're getting burnt out like you're probably giving back profits you made from these times because that's when you want to be trading but yeah i mean overall i think they're drawing up to squeeze out some shorts yes just consolidating under that low engineering shorts people looking to short that resistance um doesn't really seem
2-2 clear until after we get in this PM session. It'd be nice, like I said, if we could rate some liquidity and then move to the upside because you've got that high over here. Right above you. Got a clean eye. It's a little more visible in the one hour. So, you know, once we take...
external liquidity like this right here. We took that high. Now we have a new swing range. You look for price to come down back to a discount, but you also want to pair that with old highs and old areas of liquidity or POIs in order to kind of...
as compliment when you believe that retrace is going to come. Like for instance, if price comes back above this high in the five minute, not necessarily just a one minute. I mean, you could use a one minute, but to really confirm that price is going to be coming down into the range, I would use a five minute. If it gets that displaced or break a structure, the downside, then you could look to kind of maybe take shorts down into these regions. But be more aggressive with your profit taking. Don't shoot for the moon. You don't have to get a trade here and hold all the way there.
Because there's nothing saying that we're just going to have to move down, you know. Somebody asked, so I said, don't forget to drink. XRP. Oh, fucking ripple. Again, I'm telling you guys, the weekly chart on this looks so fucking good. Everybody says I'm crazy, but I don't know what the fuck that's from, honestly. Oh, yeah, these are two potential reversal points I've drawn. Overall, I mean, the weekly range is pretty crazy. If you really look at it, this is your weekly range.
So you've came out and you've taken out all, I mean, literally all except these lows, internal liquidity, and you've showed desire to move up. So, I mean, like I said, call me crazy, but I mean, I don't think a dollar ripple is out of the picture. And especially if something happens with their case. I'm just calling out how it's in the weekly. Now that could take quite a while. Remember, we're looking at a weekly chart. A lot of people hear that and they're going to be like, when, $1. Now for the daily.
The daily really hasn't, it's still, the daily is in a bearish range in my opinion, but that could easily get violated from the overall narrative on the weekly. But I would say the next area you're going to be drawn to is that right there, which is that wick on the weekly, but it's a daily order block right here. So I think that's the overall draw.
But like somebody just said, nice fair value gap on the weekly fill. Bounce right off that. And now we have a little one right here. So we could maybe pull back down into that and then move up. But overall, I mean, this is one of the only charts in crypto that I look at that has a clear direction. Like when I look at this, I see intention, right? So.
I know Longway has been fucking marking this shit. Longway, you're in here. Yeah, Longway has been killing XRP. And that's a good example of finding something that's actually doing something. You know what I'm saying? Looking at Bitcoin and ETH in these last two weeks, it's just like, I mean, look at it. Look at that. That's not a trading environment, in my opinion. That's an environment that you give your money back, that you made. It's got to be nimble.
I wanted to go over some other stuff. I forgot about this yesterday. I just now remembered. So some coins that I will be looking to build longs in if equities start to really push up, which is probably going to be starting, is Filecoin and AXS. I'll go over Filecoin first. So with Filecoin, I mean, for one, weekly range, really, I would say is here. I'm not going to draw, you know, because at one point it was massive and I'm not going to draw that. But I would say.
This is the most recent points the weekly moved off of pretty impulsively was right here and here. So I look at it as a very clear imbalance right here with an order block. And also you could look at this as a breaker block. So there's a lot of liquidity up in this area. It's also at a premium of the weekly range. Now I know that's pretty fucking huge move for Filecoin. I'm just calling it how I see it. Now I look at the daily.
I see this clear desire to go up. So that's that shift in market structure. Right now, prices came back down. Equities have been just completely dumping as Bitcoin. Prices came back down and it took the low right here. So I wouldn't really be looking at this order block as something I'm framing trades around.
But if we can start to show strength to the upside, I will look to build swing longs in Filecoin. It'd probably be a pretty wide stop, but I mean, the target would be pretty far as well. They'd probably take days to weeks to complete. I still am not there yet. My first step is going to be indices really showing me the desire to move up. And also, I need, of course, Filecoin to show me that same desire.
Because right now it doesn't look all that hot just yet. I mean, I see this is on the four hour, which I use the four hour for crypto. I know I've been telling people not to use it for indices, but I do use it for crypto because my strategy for crypto is a little different. I just see this as it's not really the hottest range. I mean, we came up into a premium and reacted pretty rough. But then once we had that main reaction, it's kind of just easing its way down here. So that tells me it might just be taking liquidity. But I do really like the overall higher timeframes on Filecoin.
We also have AXS was another one that I wanted to look into.
This one is, the weekly range is massive on this one. Again, we haven't really shown a clear desire to move up. And this is heavily reliant on the stock market and general equities. Just because, yes, AXS, you know, the chart looks good and this and that. But it's like, you got to operate in the context of the real world. I mean, we're talking about assets that, these all have a billion market cap. That's actually, what I did to find what crypto I was going to be looking at, if we did start to rally.
I just went on Masari, and I looked at crypto with over a billion market cap, and then I sorted them from worst performance year to date. Because to me, if they've held above that market cap, but they are down bad, those are going to be some of the more, I guess, higher probable opportunities. And if you look, I mean, with AXS, it was one of the most explosive coins, so it had to come down this much. So it coming down this much doesn't necessarily scream weakness to me. It just...
tells me that the market is doing what it should do you know i wouldn't want to be a buyer up here you want to be a buyer down here so we've taken out this low over here on the monthly chart very close to an order block that we could end up drawing into but we have filled most of this fair value gap the weekly chart we took a low came into this fair value gap
And one thing I like about AXS, it actually took the lows from its range that we've been in, took the June lows, unlike Bitcoin and Ethereum. So with that, you know, we're looking at it in that perspective. This to me would be one of the higher value setups just because it's so beaten down. I think that.
Jim in the server has you guys in longs right now, or I know you guys had a profitable long. I don't know if it got stopped in profits or if you guys took profits, but I saw him calling it and he had a pretty similar idea that I did, to be honest. I want these highs. It'd be very nice to come up and grab these highs, move into this fair value gap. If anything, I would say this is looking a little bit better than
AXS in my opinion, because when you, you know, it's not the craziest displacement here, but I always take crypto with a little grain of salt. So we have that shift right there on the daily, and then that fair value gap, which is pretty small, but we were just kind of consolidating in it. So if we go down to the one hour, you see this is probably gonna be right at our equilibrium. So price is kind of consolidating, orders are building on both sides of the market. I would say that this is our range. I'm using this low to this high.
you can see it's right around equilibrium price is kind of just doing its thing so again i'm not going to rush anything here but um once the higher time frames show true desire to go up or maybe return to an ideal buying point i'll look for some swing longs here as well access looks like it's priming a little bit more than uh uh what's it called then filecoin though i will say that
Yeah, overall today, I don't think was a, unless you just swung calls or something. I don't think there was many opportunities. Well, I mean, pre-market, I looked down, or down way over here. Pre-market, I guess you could say there was something right in this region, because we came into this order block.
Price did give entry signs there, but that's just not really my model with indices. Like, yeah, it worked today, but in my experience, those don't always work, especially when we're bullish. A lot of times, you know, this morning I wanted us to come raid the sell side, but we obviously didn't do that. That would have been the ideal move for me is if we would have given some form of raid, but we didn't do anything like that. We just came down and made equal lows. Actually, I didn't think it.
touch that's that's 44.25 that's yeah it did make you cool that's never mind so i wasn't doing anything for me because you know i'm gonna wait for a raid or something along those lines oh nice little move here i think it's overall going to be drawing up into this high up here
somebody said i'd like to start trading more than just crypto to find more opportunities what would you what do you think would be a good idea or good next step start up learn how to use metatrader first off because that's where you're going to most likely be trading it that would be your first step is just to learn how to use that platform
and get familiar with it and then start exploring, you know, based on your time. I don't know what times you have available, like figure out what times of the day you'd like to trade. And then you can kind of frame, you know, what assets you're going to trade around that. Like for instance, if you trade London session, you know, you could trade Euro dollar. If you trade New York session, I would recommend starting to get familiar with indices. But you can kind of, that would be the first step is to get familiarized with MetaTrader.
Meta trader and indices force. Yeah, that's that's what I would focus on
So when you see price kind of consolidate under these high, there's two things that are usually going on. And more than not, it's just engineering a false narrative. Like for instance, people are going to look at this like, oh, price can't get over this level. If it can't get over this, I'm going to short. And that's going to engineer all of that buy side liquidity because everybody's stop loss. And they're going to look at that high over here as a good area to put their stop loss.
So when that happens, that provides smart money with the opportunity to sell potentially. Now that doesn't necessarily mean they're going to sell, but you want to look at it from that market maker perspective where, okay, could smart money really sell from right here? I mean, maybe there's been a lot of buying up through here, right? But has the market really shown us a clear direction to go down? Not really.
If we look, I mean, no lows were even taken. Yeah, kind of over here. But again, it's at that time of day where the move of the morning was obviously bullish. It's 1130. It's not really a clear, this isn't really a displacement to me. So it's like, it's all just about quality of the setups and the framework that that setup is taking place within. So, you know.
I don't see necessarily a reason to sell. I don't really see any good buys either, maybe if you played right here. But again, that's not really the style of trade I'm going to take at that time of day. That would be something maybe in the PM. If this was happening right at 1.30, that after lunch raid, and then price moves up, yeah, that's something maybe take along up to the next little liquidity point. That's what I did yesterday on NASDAQ. But time of day is everything as well with indices.
And that's really what I like about them is it's not like, you know exactly what you're looking for. You know what time you're looking for. If you don't get it, you don't trade. It's that simple. And that's going to be hard for some people to do because people want to force trades and they feel like they have to trade. Be nice if it's happened to this and then rock it.
That that's that's the benefit of it if you can allow yourself to operate like that just Not trading is fine, right? Not and once you get to that point where you can do that it feels good It was really good where you don't have to you're not just like a slave to the market where you have to get in your chair and trade and risk money every single day and Then you know that that is what is gonna stand between a lot of people being actually profitable at the end of the month and then you know
them just having boom and bust, like when they make $1,000 one day, lose 800 the next, right? It's, you know, it's not just about winning, it's about knowing when not to lose. That's gonna determine how much money you actually make. Yeah, what's NQ doing? Hmm, NQ making a lower low while ES isn't. I don't really play SMT divergence on that lower timeframe, but we'll study it. I'll give you the one hour to do this.
And I'll adjust this because this new impulse move that's our range because before you know as we were kind of trading like Price had shouldn't desire here Bam kind of switched bam. It was really kind of choppy in my opinion That's that would be the impulse structure. I look at and now we're also consolidating under that low to where it's kind of just like This is like a retail short scenario
Now it might work, but if you trade, you know, trying to trade off liquidity, it's kind of pointless, in my opinion, to try to short right here. Yeah, I did learn a lot of stuff I teach and do through ICT for sure. Credits to him.
I used to, I traded a little bit more supply and demand for a while, but I've just found a lot more consistency and clarity, really just focusing on liquidity. And I see some like, like I saw like ManFX said something like liquidity isn't even, or he wants you to something like it wasn't even, shouldn't even be paid attention to. And I was just like, Jesus, that's like the worst way to teach people. That's, that's real. It's the harder part to learn. You know, it's harder to teach and it's harder to learn, but it's.
the best. It's going to give you more clarity and understanding ranges, like understanding that price is going to move from external liquidity back into internal liquidity. It just simplifies everything. And it's one of those things that sounds really like, well, duh, but once you really get it, you start understanding, you know, for instance, if a chart is doing something like this, okay, I just fucked that up. Let me draw it again.
So maybe, you know, your old swing range was, let's do something like, I'll draw the old range so you can kind of see it. So let's say you did something like this, right? Well, price just took, this is kind of like indices right now. Price took the sell side down here. So price is going to be, at this point, you know, you're kind of consolidating. This is where you're not really sure what's going on. Oftentimes you get another stop rate like we did. Then you get that desire to go up.
So when that occurs, we're going to look at this as our entire new range. So if you look, is this going to be a highly probable reversal point? No. Why? Because it's not in a premium. You know, when we're talking about reversals for this range, now this could be in a daily chart, a one hour chart, weekly chart, and whatever you're doing it on, you need to operate within the context of the higher timeframe. So if you're on a one hour doing this, this can get violated and you might say, oh, we're bearish and price just does this. But why was it doing that?
well because the daily chart right just that that's something that probably is going to happen with indices so for instance if you're looking here and you're looking to sell here is that going to be something you take to the bottom of the range no it's going to be something you take to maybe the
equilibrium of that move. Why? Because just like we're looking at this range, this is now a range on a lower timeframe, but that lower timeframe range is operating in the context of all of this. So that lower timeframe is bullish now. And while this is bearish, the overall bias is that we're going to draw where? Into a premium. So then you would look to just maybe take a sell off that liquidity because price is going to see reaction. It comes down.
then you'd be out and looking potentially now more long biased. So then what's going to happen? Price is going to come up here, right? So then it's going to take that right there. Now, is that going to be a higher probability sell? Yeah, absolutely. Now, are you going to short and hold the entire position like this?
I don't think you should. When people say, oh, well, what do you mean? We came into a premium and we're in a POI. Here's my supply zone. We got a confirmation. I'm just going to short to the bottom of the range. Well, it's possible, but you should be taking partials heavily. Why? Because there's still internal liquidity resting above these highs. So you just look at everything in this range and what is left behind.
So if you want the highest probability that you're going to be able to hold a trade through all that, because price might do something like this.
Okay. Now it's coming back up on you. Okay. You're stopped. And then it does something like this, right? And obviously this last drop is going to be a little bit different. I'm just drawing it for theory, but, and the reason that happened was not all of the internal liquidity was swept. Now I'm not saying it will every time, but if you're looking to take out the entire range, the only way that makes sense to be looking at it from, you know, like you're very confident that's going to happen is that A, it's in the context of the higher timeframe and B,
you've taken all range or all liquidity internal to the range you're trading within. Because think of it like all these little areas.
that price has got to return to where there's institutions with orders or they need to mitigate old manipulation orders, like they have maybe a breaker block or order blocks or fair value gaps, old highs, clean highs. There's going to be areas of liquidity all over the place. So if you're thinking like a market maker, do you want to get all of your orders filled before you take price down? Absolutely.
So understanding that simple ideology is going to help you, A, not extend your targeting too far, and B, wait and look for the highest probability setups.
Because again, if you're short here, that's fine, but you have to understand it. I'm in the context of this range, so I'm just going to take to equilibrium of this little impulse move that brought me there. Why? Because that is maybe the lower timeframe structure that's still bullish operating inside of this higher timeframe structure that, yes, is bearish, but needs to rebalance back above a premium because there is orders remaining up here.
So you see it's complicated, but it's not as complicated as a lot may think. And I know for me, as soon as this clicked, I stopped trying to do this and hold all the way.
Right. Because now you might take a trade and trim heavily here and leave a runner down there. There's nothing wrong with that. But the ideology of like, OK, we hit this order block. Maybe there's no clean order block up here that's not mitigated. A lot of people look at it like.
Because everybody that gets just trade supply and demand, you get really stuck in it. Maybe you look, okay, well, this order block was mitigated. Here's the flip zone. This is where we're going to ship from. But you're not looking at the range. You're not looking at it trying to identify, well, what's the algorithm's purpose here? It's to liquidate retail traders and to mitigate institutional orders. Remember, the market is not efficient for you and I. It's efficient for large...
body large entities so what's going to be efficient for large entities picking up all their orders and then moving down or just picking up some of them or down here not even picking up any of them because remember they don't have cells down in here this is just the expansion
So the sooner you can really grasp that and look at price from the lens of a market maker and ask yourself, what am I going to have to do to fill all these orders? You're going to have to make retail think that we're breaking down. So guess what's retail is doing all down here? They're selling, right? That's why he's going to buy up those orders just to push price up and mitigate anything they have left up here.
and create a lot of buying interest above those highs take that liquidity and then now they're fully positioned now they've done everything they had to do they've cleaned up this range just think of it as like this is all like a dirty range that has to go back and get cleaned up right so they come back up clean everything up now it's time to go now guess what there's a new range and this is the cycle that happens over and over again and for instance when i'm talking about trading in the context of the higher time frames let's just say that this is the daily time frame this model we just developed
So then we have this right here. And the reason I was talking about taking a short back down to equilibrium, forgive me, my drawing was off, but I think you guys get the point, is because let's look at this legging price as a one hour range. So that one hour range is now bullish because this was its old, this was a structure, right? So that internal structure on the daily is probably that swing structure or impulse structure on the one hour. So the one hour is now bullish.
So why would you short against that bullish time? The bullish time frame is the one hour, but it's operating in the context of, yes, a bearish swing on the daily chart, but whenever we're looking at draw on liquidity, the overall narrative will be bullish because if price is in a discount and we have internal liquidity at a premium in a bearish range, you're bullish.
And that's really hard for some people to grasp because they're like, we're in a bearish range. I'm just selling in every order box. And that's what a lot of these like basic level smart money concepts courses will teach. And that's why I fucking hate like a lot of the stuff that is taught with this new wave of like SMC education. Now, if these do get preserved, this will make a very nice target later on. But again, I don't really see anything just because it's lunch hour that I want to participate in.
Price kind of moved up moved all the way back down into this last little imbalance, but it's again It's just kind of sloppy here. So you had a nice little shift right there if you look at any of these highs The price moved pretty violently off this so
Oftentimes, this is what will happen through the lunch hour, and then after 1.30, we'll have a nice liquidity rate. So whichever liquidity is first rated after 1.30, and that's the key. Because I used to have difficulty trading the PM model.
The reason was I was looking at the wrong liquidity rates. I would look at the first liquidity rate after lunch, but it's after 130. And it's literally like, for instance, if this is... I thought I got on 130 for a second. I was like, what? So if here's 130 and price were to do something like this, and it goes up here, right? And everybody's going to be like, oh, shorts. We rated liquidity. We rated a high.
This is what he was talking about. We're going to sell. But then what happens is price just, and it sucks because you'll be like, hell yeah. And then price really plunges. But guess what was happening? That was, you know, where you're getting excited. Oftentimes that's going to be, you know, this price is moving. So give me.
because of the grain of salt. But if that happens, and then not just that, but then you get something like this, you're going to like, okay, it's just coming up to my fair value gap. It's fine. I'm good. But what's really happening is the model for entry is playing out right in front of you because you didn't wait for 130. That used to happen to me. Hell, if you guys have been watching for a long time, that happened to me live one time on Bitcoin. It was a long time ago. Well, I mean, not a crazy long time, but like...
I'd say probably like four months or so, something like that. But when I was first trying to really incorporate these models, but I realized like, you know, cause it's really easy to be on the absolute wrong side because you get excited. It's, you know, and wait for that one third and it's the PM model isn't given as often as the AM model. I will say that.
I was going to ask to look at, oh wait, there's a couple of things, my bad. How do I incorporate time in my analysis? Like what time is best in taking trades to reduce losses? I really like, if I could hammer anything into your guys' head is time efficiency. In the private discord, we've literally done a whole series of classes on time efficiency. And that question could be answered different ways for you if you trade different assets. So for instance,
Me, I trade indices, so time for me is I don't trade until after 9.30. Some people trade 8.30. I think ICT says after 8.30. I personally don't trade until after 9.30 just because that works better for me, right?
People say, you know, whatever. That's what I do. 9.30 to 11. That's what I'm looking for the morning session. So I look for a liquidity raid during those hours that is pro daily bias. So I actually have a video I need to edit. I suck at video editing, like really bad. I have an editor, but from last Friday's stream, if you want to go back to last Friday's stream, you can watch a very in-depth description on
time efficiency as far as like using the power of three for indices. But basically I'm going to use how to, whenever I'm looking at my 930 framework, I'm going to ask myself, how did the market act during the London session?
So like if the market was very bullish as far as, you know, my interpretation of bullish is if we have, let's just imagine this is midnight right here. I know it's not, but just imagine. And price does something like this, bam, right after midnight. And then it starts to show desire to go higher. I look at that as a classic buy day. So price is going to come, you know, back here. If you're trading London, you know, you might get up.
optimal entry right there because this is happening during london session but then if price you know starts to you know do this during the 5 a.m to 7 a.m dead hour comes down and then starts to react bullish i am looking at that as a buy day so i know this is kind of off of your question but i just wanted to get into a time efficiency now where are these buys going to occur oftentimes right around 10 a.m during the london close but really again it comes down to what you trade
If you trade Euro, which somebody asked about Euro, I'm going to go over that next. If you trade Euro, I think the best time to trade Euro, no question, in my opinion, is London session. Kind of was sad when I realized that and accepted it was, and this shit flew, DXY was dying. So let's move all the way up into this weekly order. But we took this on Monday. I kind of wanted a reversal in here. I mean, we're still not past the point where it might reverse.
Thought I had an alert set right there. I guess I never said it. That's funny. But we filled this order block. We're back up into this. I'm sorry, not filled the order block. We filled the fair value gap. We're pushing up higher than I would. I don't really think that this is going to cause much of a reaction. It might be kind of crazy leading up into NFB. I'll be honest. I wanted more of a reversal here. I had framed potential cells if we broke under this low.
um i'm glad i waited because obviously we didn't um and shows me that price is drawing up higher i mean this rain these ranges are so up i mean if you the daily range i mean it's kind of changing so i would say really that the way i have it drawn is how i'd still have it and we're moving into a um
Into a premium The next area that I really see I mean, it's really just this little buy to sell range, which I think is that weekly order block but
You could watch this area for the higher timeframes to show signs they want to go down, but I'm not seeing it at all yet. That's for sure. So I would, if it was me, I would just wait on euro till after NFP, because I think that's going to show us a lot of clarity with the dollar index. Because if the dollar index does indeed retrace a lower like this, you're going to see euro fly for a little bit.
But again, I don't really take anything except like really picture perfect setups on any pairs against USD right now, just because everything in the world is so crazy as far as the macro economy. And I mean, you've seen, I mean, look at this, like it's insane. You know what I mean? Like the high probability entries were literally just shorting at the premium of the daily range. Nice little move down there. I won't say that.
Another thing to do whenever you are trading indices is take the morning range. Like I would pick this low. I know it's not the 930 candle, but it's very close to it. A lot of times in the PM session, I'm not saying, I'm not trying to call this happening. Let me draw this a little backwards. I'm just going to look weird because it's going to look like,
Colors are opposite, but just hear me out for a second. Just remember this is equilibrium. A lot of times, if you get close enough to a POI, right around equilibrium, maybe this order block on the five minute. And it's something I used once. I want to use this once. That if you come back, if you're indeed bullish, you think you're going to remain bullish.
you do see like some kind of a move down in the morning, but you have an area of liquidity that's resting above. Now, this would be more of an ideal setup if this was like a previous daily high or previous weekly high, something along those, I don't know, is it? I don't think, no, no, it's not, I'm sure if I've already taken that, but something along those narratives where it's like a key point of liquidity, not just a clean high, but sometimes if you see price come down here and give you an entry model,
You can frame along if it's pro daily bias, which at this point, it's jumping in a little bit because who knows, this market could topple today. Anything can happen. Until it's done, it's not done. But if we close anything like this, I'm going to look at it as, yes, the daily chart's showing intention to go higher. And now that would be pro bias. So a lot of times you'll see this.
100% extension of the morning if you retrace new equilibrium of that morning range, get an entry model. And if there are any areas of interest up here, which I don't really see, except, I don't know, I wouldn't really call this a breaker over where I just have it. It wasn't that one. Oh, this one up here. I mean, I don't know, you could. A lot of times, if you see like that 100% extension lining up with that,
That area you might see a push-up until I give you guys an example before I get off here of what I did knots one time with that I Hope it's on the NQ chart. So right here CPI day we had obviously we were bearish. Let me rewind. I'll go to five minute
So obviously we were bearish. We had that morning range. We had that POI right here. Right now, look at the times. It's almost 130. I waited for 130. Liquidity had been rated. We were in that POI. And then look what was right at 100% extension. That was the previous weekly low at that point. I'll show you. This weekly candle, it was this low, but this weekly candle, since I rewind, it's going to show you all of the move, but it was this low right here. I'll show you guys with a little highlighter tool.
I don't know if it'll be right on point, but you guys can see on the one hour, let me go back here.
Well, it's going to be way off, but it was this previous weekly low, I promise you. But that was a key area of liquidity. And I looked at it as a potential target because that 100% extension lined up directly with it. Now, I did trim most of this before that. I won't sit here and say, oh, I was so confident in that, that I held and profited off that because I didn't. This was where I trimmed most of the position because that was like nice little two and a half R. I was happy with that.
So that's the one minute. I'll show you guys the execution. So this is the way I would execute the PM model. This is something I actually did take. So we have that 130 mark. Look at the liquidity got rated right at 130, right? It was happening at 130. Price then showed our smart money reversal, displaced to the downside. Fair value gap was here, but I just marketed right there because it was very close. That's fine for me. By the time I would go on MetaTrader and look at my levels on my broker and this and that, I would probably have missed the trade.
I just marketed when, as soon as I got that confirmation, stop loss of the high, and then that's all she wrote. But on that note, guys, I'm going to end this stream. I'm going to get some lunch with my pops. He's in town.
Yeah, that's really it. I appreciate you guys coming through. I'm going to start cutting a lot of this stuff from the streams into shorter videos to kind of have a little bit more concentrated focus on different topics we've discussed. Like today, I'll go back and I'll cut where we talked about the time efficiency and also understanding ranges. So expect a lot more videos like that to be coming out. And I'm going to make a short video of each one of them as well. So it'll have a shorter video than the one you're watching. And then I'll have a shorter video than that, like a...
Kind of like a YouTube shorts or I guess TikTok. I hate describing it like that. But that format, you know, it's real quick. So hopefully that helps you guys. If you guys have any topics that you want me to go over, put them in the comments of this video or any other video. And I'll start building up a little database of topics. I want to start making a lot more videos for you guys. But yeah, I appreciate you all coming through as always. And I will see you all tomorrow. Same time.
Actually, wait, before I go, there's one person in Discord that had a question. Oh, never mind. That was Algo asking me, or not asking, but telling me about oil. Okay, so on that note, guys, I will see you all tomorrow. I appreciate you coming through. Enjoy the rest of your day. Peace.
