Well, that's good. For some reason, I don't know if... What's up? I don't know if my... What's it called? My service is bad. Let me know if my shit starts lagging, but that's my voice. My connectivity is low. Anyways, I'll wait for a second and let everybody get in here. When I was eyeing on Bitcoin, I posted about it. So whenever we're looking at this range...
Similar to over here, right? So let's just whenever we're talking about range deviations you just look for areas of
um you know a clean i guess swing point if you will where there's going to be liquidity resting beyond so for instance in this example um the first range deviation we had this move above right and then a break back down into the range and then we slowly fell and took out the sell side because after the buy side liquidity is taken we take out the sell side so normally in this form of uh okay so everybody says sounds good cool
Normally in this form, a price action, you'd only look for a retrace back to a premium, right? Because it's pro daily bias on somebody's noise as loud as shit.
But it's pro daily buys to move down. But the reason that I wanted to look a little higher was because I saw this high on the 15 minute. I saw this as our range on the 15 minute. Previous, you could have drawn this range. I think that was more of a five minute range. So the reason I'm looking at this, I see these two areas as on the 15 minute liquidity. Also, we're front running this imbalance. Now, I'm not saying we won't go higher than that.
that's where my target would be just because, like I said, it's against the daily bias. Overall, the weekly timeframe looks pretty bearish. But we are back down in my zone that we talked about. I deleted it for clarity. I don't like having so much. I had originally drawn this zone right here and we kind of violated that. So with breaker blocks, Bitcoin can be a little fickle or maybe I drew the wrong breaker block because the other candle that I see
is this here. And I know that's way far back, but the only reason I even entertain that is because this daily candle, I'm sorry, this one right here. So whenever we're looking for a break or an order block, not a supply and demand zone, we're going to look for the highest volume candle and we don't want to see it go lower than that candle. Now, if we see this, it did not go lower than that candle and it is the higher timeframe. You know, that's just my speculation on that.
you know i hadn't looked at this when i was on the four hour because the four hour to me you know this is just the last candle and i think i was kind of looking at it from a little bit more of a supply and demand standpoint whenever in reality if i'm looking as a breaker block we want the highest volume big body candle and on the daily time frames i like playing higher the highest time frame for breakers so just like if we go over here now originally what i wanted was the body of this candle
So notice how we didn't touch the body, but look where we reacted off of. It was that wick. So one of two things, and I think the first is the higher probability that we just reacted off the wick, right? Or second scenario, we might come up and take this high again.
You know, if we start to see, you know, bullish price action down here, I could see that for sure. I don't see anything, any reason to tell me that just yet. But I do look at it like, you know, really, this is our massive dealing range at this point. I'm probably on a weekly chart would be clearer. Yes, we came back into a premium and saw a big move away. So that's why I say it's less likely to do that. But you always can have these complex pullbacks and this.
you know, kind of fickle market structure with Bitcoin. And the reason I kind of entertain that is I look at this zone right here as pretty high value, right? Just this daily down candle. And the reason why is it began the offering of the sell-side liquidity. So right here is when the market maker started to push price down into that low. And you see those stops were immediately bought up, rapid expansion.
once we return back down to this zone, you know, if we're using a daily timeframe, if I was going to look for, you know, to target this, I'm going to need the four hour internal structure to go bear or bullish and then the 15 minute and then the five minutes. So what that would look like right now is coming up above that high you're talking about. So, you know, if we do start to push up and take that high and then we form some, you know, some newfound demand.
Come back down to it and we go through the cycle of confirming through market structure. Then, you know, just simple market structure would lead us to look for this high. I mean, the daily internal structure is bullish. So it's a four hour. But again, you know, if we're looking at it from that perspective, you know, the daily swing is bearish and we could just be having a complex pullback to take out all these weak highs.
Because overall, we know that the swing is very clearly in a bearish state right now. It came down, up, down. But the thing is, if you're looking at it from that perspective, we came to a premium and then moved down. So we never really showed any inclination except bearish on the bigger scheme of things. So that's why if I do take longs, I'm going to be taking profits much more aggressively. I'm not looking at this as a...
The daily change of character, yes, that's true. It did. If you're looking at it from that market structure perspective, we took that out. The way I look at it was sell stops were taken here and now we've removed to a premium, almost optimal trade entry of the weekly impulse range and saw a massive fucking displacement away from it. And it was right whenever CPI was about to hit. So the manipulation factors is there. And another thing, when we talk about this,
We went over this in the time efficiency series in the private discord, but when we're moving away from the weekly open like this, usually you won't see it come back to it on this kind of week. Usually. Now, Bitcoin's a little weird. We saw that move up, that false inducement of buyers into the market, engineering that buy-side liquidity for smart money to sell to and mitigate the orders within this breaker block.
And then we saw that massive move down. So pivotal moment for Bitcoin where we're at, in my opinion. I know a lot of people are looking down more in this region to long. Personally, I mean, I could definitely see it. But if we get that low, I mean, I would just look for the lows. That's just me.
Again, if the four hour goes bullish, the 15 minute, everything is in harmony. Everything is moving synergistically in that narrative, in the direction of that narrative and supporting that, then I'll play it. But until I see that, I just look at this as a continuation of the highest timeframe, which is the weekly. And if we don't want to talk about the monthly on Bitcoin.
As you guys know, we've talked about this whenever we did the macro video back in the beginning of July, and we said that the markets were going to rally at the new quarter. This was the point for Bitcoin that we had found using the same logic that we used to determine that indices were going to rally and the same logic we used on the treasury bonds market. So with all that being said,
Now, the only reason I haven't taken an entry is I don't see a clear fair value gap. Yes, there's displacement. And sometimes Bitcoin doesn't provide that kind of clear price action. Now, one thing I did is a little case study and I'm interested to see how it works out. On the one minute, it gave that entry model. Right. I've been trying to only trade crypto on a five minute or better just because my experience with using.
my funded account a lot of times the spreads make the one minute setups not as appealing um just because it's about a 25 spread but um as a case study i'm looking at this and the reason i drew the fibs like this and for those who are wondering these three blue lines are fibs i just don't have them like the top the one and the zero shown for chart hygiene but um whenever you see this kind of move
If we're talking about a potential range deviation scenario, you know, make this a little clear. And we look at that push down under it. And then we try to confirm, you know, with shifts in market structure that we're coming back up into this range. And this was just a liquidity rate.
And the reason I like this a lot, and again, I'm not playing it to that, just that equilibrium, it very well could just reverse there. That's definitely a possibility, but I like this imbalance up here. And I like the way we have this clean high right above it. On the one hour, we did mitigate this. If you go by EQ, I get it. That's why I'm not trying to shoot for the stars and not force it set up. But nice little case study. If the one minute gave that nice of an entry right off the 705, that'd be pretty wild. What I did was I just...
drew a fib on the impulse move from the stop run or the anticipated stop run. So we'll see how that plays out. But again, what I'm looking for here is I want a very clean displacement with a fair value gap for an entry. And I really need it to be a good risk to reward, really 2.5 or better because I'm trading this on my funded and 2.5 turns to two whenever you're playing these lower timeframes.
So for indices, go over a cell I took this morning. Let me go to the one minute. So the reason I took it, and we talked about this a little bit in stock chat. I didn't signal this. For those that aren't watching, I don't want to give a misconception that I called this in the server, which I didn't, but I did take it.
But the reason I took it was, I think a lot of people have been posting it, but it's called a seek and destroy model. So whenever you're in this range, especially after an expansion, right? So we had this massive move down, right? So usually the next day is going to be a consolidation. And a lot of times what you're going to see is both sides ramp. Everybody gets manipulated before the true intention is shown. So what we saw in the early morning, right? Was it pushed down?
from sorry from right here from the open so initial little push up and then down now when we went down here um initially i wanted to long because we took out the sell stocks right here so the reason i didn't long was because to me there was no entry i mean unless you just market it right here and then your risk to reward was you know not great again it's the same range deviation idea here so you know if you have this range
Right here and you come down under it. You just look at the top of the range. You don't try to take it to Valhalla. And this is a great example of why. But once we came above that high, I looked at a potential, another range deviation. And the new area of sale stops that have been put in was just the most recent points we moved expansively away from. So right there and then this new high. I was anticipating buy stops to be put in here. So what I used for entry was this little fair value gap right here.
So as soon as we got now, it was questionable. Hide this for a second. I'll bring that back. But this right here could have been an entry. I mean, I guess displace or break a structure, right? You know, you could have just entered. I just waited for a fair value gap to form. And I thought I got in with a really nice snipe. It was to the tick on futures. This is ES, but my broker is a little different.
Thought it was a nice, perfect snap. It ended up coming back higher. And what it came back higher for, and I'm going to add this to a study, because what I'm trading recently is going to be mainly Bitcoin and indices. And that's really where my focus is, because I want to master these asset classes and get as much data as possible. I don't want to be trading all over the place, except I have a little Binance port to trade alts with and stuff.
Now, the reaction point that it wanted and actually gave a PM session entry model, but was this rejection block. So what a rejection block is, is the ICT concept. I didn't make this up. It's basically the candle that swept liquidity and you use its body. And I've seen a lot of people argue about using the wick, using the body, what time frame to use. This is just a case study. I don't use them very often, but if you look, it did come right to an equilibrium and that's where we reacted from.
So we took the stops that were put in at my entry or close to my entry. And then we came up and had this same kind of seek and destroy price action, right? We had a range right here. One side was deviated. We pushed up, but it failed to take the top range. So that tells me that buy stops were put in on the lower conference here. And then we expand rapidly from that. And the reason I targeted this low was, again, it's just that range deviation.
So we came, you know, this was now the range right there, that low to that high. So if we fall back into the range after rating liquidity into an imbalance, kind of similar to what Bitcoin is looking like it wants to potentially do, then we look for the opposing liquidity. And you don't want to take it farther than that. And this is a great reason why.
So pretty interesting study on that. Now, NQ, I didn't take a trade today. I wanted to take a long, but I ended up just not giving the entry that I wanted. I was looking at taking a long here, and then it started to move up, and I just kind of left it alone. But the entry was much farther down here. So hold on, somebody's mic's loud.
So with NQ, the main reason I didn't take it at that point was because I looked at ES, and this is something you guys can do as well. So let's just pull both charts up. How do I make it to where it's... Okay, yeah, here it is. Let me do NQ on this chart so you can see. Oh, I see why. One of them's on a one minute. That's why. I was like, what the fuck? Why does it look so weird? So you see here...
If I was looking to take that PM long opportunity, when I zoomed out, I had looked at it from the fact, what I was originally looking at was this five minute fair value gap over here.
So I was looking at it like, okay, we came into this area, a little under it, and then we saw that displacement up. But when I was looking back, I kind of realized that this is something I'm sure a lot of you guys do. I was like, wait, you're just looking for a trade at this point because if you're saying that, that means that my ESTA would have been wrong because we hadn't made that same move or hadn't targeted that liquidity.
Small lesson to gain there that I almost made a mistake is don't trade against yourself. Once you have a bias, hold to it, even if you end up getting stopped out. And it's hard to do that because it's the fear of being wrong or the fear of losing money, whatever it may be. The only mistake you can really make that is actually long-term detrimental is changing your bias because then it cements a bad habit.
and you become accustomed to not holding your conviction. And that small loss at the end of the day is going to hurt you a lot less than making the habit of changing up your bias into a trade and switching up and closing the good trade and holding onto the bad one.
When I'm looking at this range, though, the reaction off these stops is really nice. Now, it's weird, the timing. It's aftermarket. But I like this right here. We come up a bit high with displacement like that. So when I look at this, actually, I'm going to do OT and move the fibs. Because I'm starting to really like OT for lick rates, like a lot.
So maybe in this gap would be higher value. But again, it's aftermarket, so I'm not going to be trading it. But again, it's starting to seem like we might want to at least retrace some of this. I don't know. Maybe it's literally just up to this zone. I think that's a high probability, just up to that little rally-based sell or whatever. Or no, sorry, drop-based drop. I never really use those terms. I'm just trying to speak in a language people understand.
or a flip supply zone, that's probably where I would see it going. It might even go there before the market goes. Or ideally, what I'd like to see is if we could maybe move up to it, but just sit there and range. And then tomorrow morning, come up, something like that. Again, it's not something you want to just predict for that to happen. When I tell or say things like that, I'm not saying trade based off of that. I'm saying that's ideally what I would like to see.
Because it would give a really easy setup, but there's nothing that can be done based off of that TA until it happens. So good old DXY. Earlier I was looking at, I wanted to slip around this point.
Oh, Fernandez was wondering if the stream was happening today. Yep, perfect timing. So originally I wanted to slip here. The reason being is it rated that one hour high and the five minute immediately shoot, or I don't know what language I'm speaking, showed.
displacement to the downside breaking. There's a low right here. Now, I didn't leave a fair value gap. So this is a good example of, you know, if it doesn't give, because I'm not trading the dollar, but if I'm doing TA on it, I kind of want to think like I am. So once we broke down from that, I kind of looked at it like, hmm, we might see some bullish momentum because I looked at the one hour as coming back up into this area right here. And then, you know, getting that shift on the one hour, leaving a fair value gap right here. And at that time, price had taken out equal highs.
and move to the downside but no fair value gap so to me it there is no liquidity to be taken except the highs itself and that's what happened so um
And that's just a case study for price action in general. Point of the story there is, let's say if you have a lick rate, but no signs of your model of your confirmation of it being a liquidity rate, then don't treat it like a liquidity rate. Because I almost let this as well psych me out of my trade today on SPX.
Somebody said, do I advise to trade alts or focus on Bitcoin in case you want to be a funded trader? Well, depending on what broker, I know true Forex funds, I've heard they have really good spreads and a little more options. But for me, unless I'm like swing trading, Bitcoin is really all I can trade because they offer Litecoin, ETH, and Dash. But the spreads on the other three are so bad, it's like, you know, it's pointless.
There's no point. So I guess I would say focus more on Bitcoin if I had to. This is what I'm trading right now on my funded account. Bitcoin, NOS, and S&P. That's literally all I'm trading. NOS reacted nice off those lows. Bitcoin's not really moving much. It's kind of odd how much NOS is moving without Bitcoin and ES. But you can see prices just moving from one area of liquidity to another. That's all that's going on.
It's honestly crazy, the whole move of the day, the last 20 minutes of the market. Oh, okay, that's why I thought, I don't know what I was thinking, but this is where the market closed right here. I was looking at this like, dang, I rallied hard after market, but that wasn't after hours. Bitcoin, for me, I guess there's some kind of imbalance here, but to me, it's just not ready for what I would like to see in order to take along.
But that's what I'm watching for is a break above this high right here with displacement or really any high that it forms. It doesn't have to be our market structure as far as our swing structure, our internal structure, but just any swing high. Any candle that has two candles with lower highs to the right and one candle with the lower high to the left. Really one of these sell stops to get taken on DXY. I mean, who knows? We could be putting in equal lows or that could be a protected low.
Because, you know, we look at it like at this point there was equal highs. We pushed back down into this imbalance and then expanded. So this could be an institutional involvement point where we saw the dollar become or move to a distribution state. And we might not see it come under that. Let me see if there's any tags. Do you guys have any coins you want me to run TA on?
Then just run them because that's really that's that's pretty much it for me as far as what I have to go over I just wanted to recap
the little psychological things I went through today because I was proud that I didn't, but I almost cut this shit early and open an NQ long just watching DXY. I was just, you know, this and I was like, all right, just wait a second and, you know, reevaluate because it's really easy. And like anybody who says it's not, I feel like it's just bullshitting because I've done this for a while. I'm not like a 20 year trader or anything like that, but that's the main problem that any trader has.
after you get really good at analysis and even really good at trading the only hurdles you usually run into are psychological so what i'm going to start doing is anytime i run into those i like to go over them because sometimes i end up up you know and there's even more to be learned from it but today i didn't so i was pretty happy about that so a couple requests for ta um ada and ada i wanted it to hit my um
Oh, fuck. I think I cleaned this off. I was doing a one-on-one with somebody showing them something. I know I didn't. Okay. I know this is a different... Oh, no. This was where I was making a damn video. I wanted it to hit this. We were in a long... This one needs to be extended. We were in a long up to right here. Let me just clean this all off so it's not as janky.
So again, kind of similar to Bitcoin. What I wanted was a long up to this candle, but it seems like this was the breaker. We took longs down here, moved up into what I see now in hindsight. I got this wrong before, but we still ate off the trade. It hit like, I think five or six are, but that was the true breaker. And then we saw it move away from that.
So then that was the CPI dump. So, I mean, ADA overall has held up better than most alts, in my opinion. I don't know if they have a bunch of fundamental stuff. I see what you're saying now. You said ADA had a one-hour break of structure and left a one-hour fair value gap. So I'm assuming you're talking about this right here. So what I'm looking at...
And at this point, I think this liquidity is being targeted overall. So that would be where the sell side liquidity rests. If we see here, the buy side was taken into a higher timeframe price delivery array, which was that breaker block. Where's our weekly open? Today is the, so what was Sunday on my calendar? It was the 11th or say the weekly camels be easier.
Nice move up. We had already really tapped into the higher timeframe POI before the weekly opened, but we moved a little up after that and then nice move down. I'm actually curious of this. Hold on. Yeah, it did went right to OT. So the reason I drew a fib right there, let me try on the bodies because it's probably even better.
Yeah, it's still the same thing. So the reason I drew the fib from this body to this body is because whenever we see, if we're anticipating a bearish week, when we see that, I think, I want to say the 30 minutes is what people use to do this. I use the one hour because I don't really use a 30 minute. But once you get that breakdown with displacement, after you're putting in what you're anticipating to be the high of the week.
which was, you know, really either of these. Now we didn't close, but that's still despising me. You'll draw a fib from the body to this body and you'll see a optimum trade entry retracement. And then usually we'll get another one too. So probably happen again right here.
Went a little deeper than OT. But this would pretty much confirm to me that the weekly, or well, I guess you could say that the daily candle in this effect was seeking some sell-side liquidity. And it seems like we got it right here. You see we're coming off that low now. So look at the four hour. The one hour is a little odd because I would have looked at a different range. But when I look at the four hour, this is the range I see right here.
So we have this as our range. That was it right there. And then we came up above the range. Now we're trying to break down displacement, fall back into the range. That would tell me at this point that this low is being sought after. So who is that? Sorry. If you guys ever that I server mute ever want to be unmuted, please let me know. I don't mean to do it to be like, it's not like I care. I just, I don't want the background noise. I mean, if you want to talk, please let me know. I always feel bad to server mute people.
but I don't want it to be disturbing other viewers. So here we came back into a premium of the imbalance right here. I mean, this looks pretty rough in my opinion. You came back down into the premium of the, not the imbalance, but the impulse move, and you've got that 15-minute shift down here. You came into this imbalance right here.
and moved away. Now, the only thing that I don't really like is not, there wasn't really much liquidity taken here. So yes, it's giving that kind of entry model, but it seems like it was just, you know, again, price is just bouncing from one area of liquidity to the other. So yes, you came up into the imbalance, shifted structure, showed that you were seeking something lower. The market was showing the one to go lower, gave an entry there, but the only place it was going was to the next area of liquidity. So now I would see it as we're probably going up to target this high.
And that will most likely give you the more optimal short entry. Because even if we consolidate here, it doesn't really matter how long. And you get that liquidity rate right there. That's going to give you a higher probability setup. Because really, I can't enforce it enough. No rate, no trade is a good strategy. Because oftentimes, if you're going to enter a trade and there hasn't been some kind of sweep, then you might end up being that sweep.
Even if your entry model is there. That's why I don't really like the using certain supply and demand zones that haven't taken liquidity. Because again, at the end of the day, we're looking to enter with smart money. And we know that smart money is always in the hunt for one thing, which is just liquidity. So the next one is Atom. I know Atom's had a lot of fundamental stuff going on with the Atom 2.0 or 3.0, whatever. I don't know. Seems like, oh, damn, that shit's been going crazy, huh? Right, wrong tool.
Seems like you didn't really tap into the zone though. The reaction there is pretty strong. I mean...
You know, if we were to rally, you'd want to see it about where we're at. It could be this whole little range. We took that little internal low, mitigated this demand, probably a lower time frame would be clearer. Could even come down a little lower, maybe fill this imbalance all the way. But really where it's at is a nice zone if structure agrees. So really what I'd look for here, and I wouldn't even really worry about this because this is one of those that actually has a decent high time frame set up for a potential long to take out this high.
If you get a push above that, let's just say the four hour goes above it. Well, then you've got four hour demand. So let's say now we're in the 15 minute view. Taps, sweep, change of character in the 15 minute view. Okay, well now you've got 15 minute demand. And once you can start to see that order flow go bullish and confirm it through all timeframes, you might have an opportunity for a long backup into this region.
I'm not sure what that red zone is for, but again, I mean, I wouldn't just hold the entire long there. I'd definitely be trimming some of the imbalance or the supply zone, whatever. That's kind of what I see going on here. Potentially nothing's confirmed it because the four hour structure is still bearish on the internal level. We're making lower lows and lower highs, but the daily overall structure is still bullish. So if we can see.
signs of displacement or institutional involvement within these imbalances, we can confirm that there were orders left behind and maybe we're front running this order block. Now, flip side, let's say that gets invalidated. You may just redistribute here and then this demand fails. I would start to look for shorts, but until then, you're still at a point where
You know, the shorts have already been had. You'd be shorting kind of the bottom of this range. If we're looking at the daily little impulse swing, you're in a discount, you're in imbalances. You don't have enough to long yet in my personal opinion, but shorting is also kind of not what you want to do here. So I said QNT, head and shoulders trade off on the four hour. No, you're not stupid regardless.
I don't, never, no question, stupid question. I think, okay, so I got XRP and CRV and then gold. Okay, so QNT, sorry, brain fart. It doesn't have perps. How does QNT still not have perps? Oh, wow, this has been played out pretty clean. It's a little higher.
That was a nice reaction. When I see clean order fall like that, it tells me that this is being targeted overall. I think that was why. Because actually, I know some people that really fucking like QNT. They don't really trade crypto, but they love the fundamentals of QNT. So I do TA for them.
We had this impulse swing down, creating this imbalance. We moved up into it, moved a little higher. Seems like price wanted, you know, honestly, looking at four hour, I really can't tell you what, something maybe in this wick, I don't know. But four hour structure is moving to the downside now. So I would say that the sell program is back in effect.
You know, the daily structure, you got a daily change of character here. And we took out that high. So for me, I think there's better setups to try to sell. I mean, if anything, there might be some short-term longs just to mitigate. But, you know, you kind of got to ask yourself if it's worth it or not. Let's see it here. I mean, it's pretty choppy on the four hour. I also look at this like it could go lower. Oh, also, this is what we were reacting to.
Weekly and daily structure theoretically at this moment is bullish, but I think that the sell side is being targeted.
I don't really trade head and shoulders, to be honest with you, but I see what you're saying. I'm sure there's probably a setup. There's always a setup, but would it be one that I would be really looking at? Probably not personally, but you might have a different strategy. I see it. You could say four-hour change of character. If you're using structural confirmation, you have a four-hour internal change of character. That could tell you the daily pullback of this little leg.
is this coming and we're already back into a discount so you know maybe it was right here you see the introduction of supply right there immediate push back into it so we have a 15 minute see that immediate push right back into right here and the 15 minute changes character it's going to be see so this would have been the structure right there
It's a 15 change character right there. So then you would look at what supply was introduced. This was a chopped one. In hindsight, I consider and do this, but I can't tell you for sure I would have gotten this. It seems like just this top candle, right? As soon as price came back up to that initial introduction of supply that caused this little slow path down to take this low, we return to it. Fucking massive move off that. We gapped on the 15 minute on Coinbase.
So at that point, that really was the move to be had off of this up here, in my opinion. I think this would also be probably considered distribution with this being the LPSY. I'm not really a Wyckoff guy. So for those who are, but don't flame me. That's the way I would see it. So that was really the setup. So if I look at the daily.
You know the daily to me the swing structure is bullish right whether you're you know, I would look at it like This right here. So he came down. This was a pretty big move. Then this would be a swing for me came up Retrace came up. So now you're playing within this range the daily
Internal structure is bullish, right? As of right there, we broke up. So, you know, just using market structure, theoretically, you'd target the high. Me personally, because I don't really trade just off that. I look at it from, you know, the scope of like what the market is doing, not just QNT. And I would look for this low to be targeted. That's just me.
Yeah, we actually killed this shit back in like, I know the people that are OGs and Playbit will remember. We killed, like we caught like this right here. Like we like literally sniped like one of these wicks. And it was a limit that was given in like fucking, actually let's see. I can just search it. Hold on. Playbit. That's back when I had a different chart and everything. I was still using Harmonix with SMC at that point.
You know, Harmonix, Glacier is a great example of somebody who trades fucking super far with Harmonix. And I'm not one of those SMC people that just hates on every kind of analysis. Because I'll tell you right now, Harmonix, they do work well. I just don't use them in my strategy anymore. But this will be a throwback. So let's see. Here it is. So you can see all the Harmonix. Where is QNT?
The original one is gonna be yeah, so like look the This was on the 19th that I was learning. They've still had the limits open Okay, hold on the original signal was give okay, where'd it go? I wanted to do that
So old discord just breaking there goes so the original signal is in December and there was this a potential bullish back at that daily Rally base rally or flip demand order block whatever you call it So, um, I use the both of them as a confluence and we fucking snipe that shit. You can see that was right Use this candle sounds like right there
yeah it went it ran it was crazy bro and that was like the beginning of like all the death crashes so it was really nice we got like i think it was like 60 on equity but it was a futures play um it was that that was the um the good old days with uh whenever crypto would fly like that in like two or three days now i mean there's still there's still moves like that but yeah let's just see we can actually that was january so let's see from
January. We were a little over two times as much money in the market at that point. I haven't done TA on total in a while. It's basically just Bitcoin really. This is the monthly range I would be looking at. So where we're at.
You came into a discount, but it's pro-trend, so I don't think there's necessarily a reason to make a big move back up. But overall target, the same with Bitcoin, is going to be this month, the order block. Yeah, QNT does kind of do its own thing sometimes. You know another chart I haven't looked at forever? Actually, shit, I'm getting off track. Sorry, my ADD is kicking in. I've got a couple of your guys that you want me to look at. CRV, I think, was that what it was? Anonymous? Let me look. Where was it? CRV and XRP.
So this followed TA pretty nicely. I don't know if we do this for this is what you're going for. I would look for these lows. I think it's pretty clear. For our, yeah, I think we did this like the other day. Oh, no, no, no. I remember you actually were talking about this. That's why I drew this because you were talking about a shift in structure and I was saying to watch out for this. It seems like they respected it. But so what I would look for here.
I mean, it's pretty clearly bearish in my opinion. I mean, he came up to this little flip supply zone.
15-minute change of character. So you came under it and notice you came right back up into it. And this is where people get tripped up. It doesn't have to go back up to the highest candle. If we look at it in hindsight, I use this candle. A lot of times it does come back up. But if I don't see any imbalances and I see it, you see it went under this low and then traveled back up into that zone. Then we saw that move away from it. So to me, that potentially is mitigated.
Because we're looking at it as a 15-minute supply zone. If we're in a 30-minute, it's going to be... Actually, it's not. Never mind. That was going to be a candle. I spoke too soon. But main reason is because I just look at this whole zone as potential supply area. And if we trade under the low and get that change of character and trade back into the zone, I see that as a potential mitigation, especially when we've moved this far away from it. So I don't think this is something you'd want to chase personally. But you could look, build ideas.
Around the narrative that we're taking out these lows because I think that's where we're headed overall It may not give more opportunities, you know, theoretically when we're looking at this whole little range we've got here This is a great example actually look at this on So we're looking again with ranges. It looks a little more clear, huh? It's down the daily Looks like we rated this high people got stopped at once most likely we rated that high. It's going to 15 minute
Actually, no. So this is why we got to be picky and don't force trades because, you know, after we come above that high, you're looking for a 15 minute shift down with a nice displacement.
For those who ask, this is not displacement. That is not at all in any shape, form, or fashion displacement. That's coiling up, barely breaking the level, taking liquidity, taking liquidity again, three drive, now up to the true liquidity rate. Also, the move into it was with enough displacement, but we see this as much more displacement. So after we come above that daily high and we've rated this high, again, it's what I was saying before with sweeping zones. So we pushed up above here.
And then you look for the 15 minute, or I do, I'm using a daily chart. And I look for the first breakdown with displacement. So really for me, that would have been all the way down here.
And that would have been breaking this low right here. And that was where your displacement came from. Now, I can't say I would have entered it because there wasn't a great fair value gap here. Even if you trade supply and demand, I always recommend watching for displacement. So you see here, that was the cleanest entry, very clean. And you literally can get in there and target the bottom of the range.
Because once we take one side of liquidity price, almost always seeks the other, especially if it agrees with the higher timeframe order flow, just like we have here, came up higher into that fair value gap, higher into a premium.
And then you see that massive breakdown. You're confirming on four hour, one hour, 15 minute, whatever. So now I would look for these lows. Now, if you must trade it, just try to follow the order flow. Don't short the bottoms. Wait for some form of lower timeframe liquidity to be swept. For instance, maybe now you took this, I don't know, maybe you see something like this. You come up and form a range and then you can get liquidity taken maybe to give you an entry and then target down.
But just wait. Don't be patient. Again, I can't stress it enough how important it is to not trade without at least some form of liquidity being taken. You get less trades, but they're a higher quality. So no raid, no trade is no liquidity grab. Raid, my turn, there's sweep, there's liquidity grab, there's all sorts of... It's just liquidity being taken. Manipulation is another word. So XRP was the next one.
I'll just come down a little farther. I had that four-hour zone drawn or come up a little farther. So nice reaction off our first zone. You know, ideally it would be great to come up here. I think we actually went over this like yesterday. We had to because we marked this zone. So this looks really good down here. I will say that. I think it'll end up being a redistribution. Personally, I would be very weary. If I was in a long, I would probably be cutting it here.
If not, really have already, to be honest, because you've got that little feel there. We're talking about this impulse move. You're almost in a premium already. So whenever we're trading against the trend, in my opinion, it's best to just target imbalances and maybe supply zones, whatever, along the way as soon as you get in the premium. Just because we wouldn't want to necessarily sell.
unless it comes up here it doesn't mean we went along all the way there or me at least some people do that but that's just my strategy because i could easily see this redistributing and then just coming down to the sell side and it really sucks take it from me it really sucks like let's just say you snipe the bottom this and that and then you do this and then your trade just does this oops fail your trade goes up here comes down
just hold diamond handing and you get stopped out break even or worse for a loss there's nothing worse for you psychologically than that to happen because it's going to have an effect on other trades for a lot of people but i would see uh buys into cells if anything i mean the buys really already happened so after you come up into that zone
You know, again, it's just, and I'm starting to notice with crypto and alt specifically, it's really clean, these range deviation setups. So you came above the range. Really, I would probably be a little bit more frugal with this. I would say that was the more recent range you're in. Sorry, I'll just fuck this up. Actually, no, no, I would look at it like this.
This was a major swing. You kind of came back up, fell back into it. Overall, I mean, I think the structure is going to be bare. This could take a while to play out, though, because if you see, we're sitting kind of near an equilibrium of the original range or actually right at it. And this is a daily chart. So, you know, it's taken two months for it to form or at least two months since the low that we're looking at formed. So, you know.
Okay, now gold. Yeah, two people actually went. Okay, there's ZP. What's up? How you doing, bro? Gold is going to be the last one I'm going to do. You know, we might actually get these fucking lows finally, dude. I don't know if it could ever happen, but I think we actually talked about this because I remember we were looking at this zone and I was looking at this potential three drive and I was like, I haven't been trading gold recently. Again, I've just been trading the...
The three pairs I mentioned earlier indices in Bitcoin. I mean this to me would look like Yeah, you're going down out of this low now whether you reverse Or not that would be the next area I would look at you know once you come under that it's a good chance you might reverse up but
I mean, I really want these lows taken. But I'm sure if I would have been watching gold here, I would have wanted him taking it too. Or if I would have watched him here, I would have wanted him taken too. So I don't know. Something's going on at that level. Maybe it's finally the final liquidity raid. But JP Morgan's been defending the line. Clear displacement down. It seems like this was a three drive into that higher time frame. Actually, I thought there was something clear here.
Hope you had a good day too, bro. But, yeah, I mean, here, I can see you coming up and taking these highs. If I were to long, I wouldn't be taking it farther than, like, right here. It's probably going to be, yeah, somewhere in these imbalances.
Long's priority kind of played out there. Again, the session's not really there for me either. I don't like how he rated liquidity at that time for gold. I like trading gold early in the morning or nothing else. If you had a 15 move up there, you might be able to play some form of rally-based rally up into this zone with a lower timeframe confirmation, but I wouldn't force anything. Because again, if I was in longs, the full target would be right here.
Just because overall structure is pretty bearish. And again, just because these setups are there or they might be there or there could be a long setup, that doesn't mean you have to take it. And I highly encourage if you're, you know, let's just say your bias is bearish, which for gold, I think everybody's lately is bearish. Let's say you find a trade that's a long that.
You know, it looks good. The risk reward's okay. And you're just kind of hesitating. Now, while I don't encourage hesitation, if your model's there and you have data showing that, you know, you're good at trading gold counter trend, you have to execute. But my guess is you probably don't if you're questioning it like that. And what you can always do is just paper trade it. And paper trading for somebody who already trades with live funds can be really helpful because
It'll help you build your confidence without having money involved. And it helps you view price action from an objective standpoint where you'll actually learn something. So like, for instance, let's just say for whatever reason you wanted a long gold here, but you're like, oh, the risk reward is not good, whatever. Just watch the TA. Plot it out like you're taking it. Help. TradingView has paper trading. You can set it up somewhere. I think it's like settings, but do that and just watch.
the ta and learn from it because um on bnb we'll get you out of leaky i got you bro my bad sorry um but yeah i would uh
highly encourage just forward testing, you know, especially with newer strategies or counter trend and, you know, document it. I have that trade journal. The link is in my Twitter bio and stuff. And I think my link tree is on YouTube too, but it's a free template where you can go on notion. You can enter in all your trades and start to build that data because, you know, maybe you start to build data that this model works really well. And then in the future, you know, to take it.
A lot of people don't want to do that shit, but that's where you really level up your trading, is doing stuff like that. So actual last one, BNB. Went lower than the breaker than I wanted, but so did Bitcoin. Might be just this whole candle right here. I wonder if that looks like on a daily. Maybe it was this one. Still went lower than it. Could look at this as a potential order block. It has a pretty big volume candle that took liquidity, trading into an old order block. But we just came off this too.
Hmm. Let me just delete everything. You know, this is an interesting scenario here. So, see the power of three here. You have that accumulation, distribution down, or I'm sorry, manipulation down, and then that distribution of the upside. But we didn't really take anything else that was too significant. Motherfucker. Hmm. You know, I mean, looking at the daily, I mean, more so really the four hour.
Yeah, I don't know about that extra because if this hadn't happened, like if these this low hadn't been tapped at all right here, then I would potentially look for this high. But from what it seems is the supply was most likely in this wick. Anytime we have wicks like that, you know, you can see where price paused, went buy to sell. Yeah, it's going to be fractal.
supply so you see right here we can probably move it up all the way up here yeah and that's where we reacted from so it seems like the order flow is pretty bearish here um the four hour you definitely got to change a character got it right there so if we go back and just follow the order flow let's do this so the original introduction of supply on the four hour is right there i go to 15 minute see price came up into it first tap sweep complete death dump
So, I mean, who knows? You could come up and mitigate this. You could see some form of redistribution form here. Maybe you just took out the low here. You already took the buy stops there, moved down, took the sell stops. So, ideally, you're at a premium probably right in the supply zone. You could just see a continuation here. But if you get up above this and start to show bullish signs, you could be coming up to mitigate maybe that whole range, maybe just this right here. But I wouldn't bet the farm on that.
I would need a little more. You know, for me, I would preferably want the four hour to go bullish, which it's not, wouldn't be a crazy feat. I'll just look for that high to be taken. The same little setup here, introduction of demand would be down here. But just like this, you know, high or low gets taken here. Now you have a little order block right here. Wait for price to turn to it and kind of layer your confirmations. But I wouldn't force it. Price could definitely just move to the downside from where we're at.
Now you had ass original one hour lick rate, five minute choch order block within fair value gap. So I see this right here. I like that for sure. But the context of it for me, I don't want to like psych you out. If you took the trader, you had analysis.
See, for me, we didn't really get a shift until, you know, here, this high was taken or here. Same with Bitcoin. And there really wasn't, for me, a fair value gap or, you know, crazy displacement here. So now, for instance, if we did this and there was a massive candle with a fair value gap, yeah, I'd say long it, but there's not. So that tells me that, you know, because we already had this manipulation occur in this range, which was, you know, the manipulation initially was here.
So we came up, took the buy stops. Now we came and taken the sell stops. Then we look at the impulse move. You know, we just look for a potential reversal at a premium. So price comes into this zone and now we're starting to see that. So, you know, I wouldn't, that's why I didn't take the Bitcoin long. Let's see what Bitcoin's doing. Well, on that note, yeah, no problem. No problem.
I'd be just, you know, this idea I'm giving whenever I posted this, like I said, no trigger yet. You know, if I act on it, I would, you know, I'd alert the group. But for me, yes, it's a move up. Yes, there's displacement. But I just, and I could be wrong. There might end up, who knows, I might miss the trade. And I'm okay with that. But my entry model.
It's not there for instance. This is a good example So see this right here like these three candles if we got that like right here to take the high That's something that I would be more You know apt to trade so
I hope that helped. If you guys have any questions ever, you always know how to get at me. I answer all DMs unless they're about NFTs or any other scam shit. But you guys know how to find me. If not, I'll see you all tomorrow. I'm not sure exactly the time. Somebody said 15 minute Bitcoin power of three. Yeah, I mean, that's the same. That's really what I'm explaining.
this little range that's theoretically what that it would be as power of three
But because power of three is basically just a range being created, engineering liquidity, liquidity being manipulated, and then orders distributing. That's all that is. So it can be a myriad of different scenarios where you would say it's power of three. But the best way to apply power of three in my experience is to try to anticipate the structure of a higher time frame candle. For instance, use the one hour.
midnight open, try to see manipulation above that Tokyo accumulation, and then you'll see that distribution down. That can be the way that you scope out and complement your daily bias. For other stuff, I think that it kind of gets drawn a lot on Twitter where it is that, but I think it can easily confuse people. So that's my take on it. Anyways, I appreciate you guys. Let's see.
Yeah, I appreciate you two anonymous and all you guys for coming in coming through and Yeah, if you got any questions hit me up. If not, I'll see you tomorrow. Peace
