What's up, bro? How you doing? I'm back in the office after the nice little break. So, time to get back to the grind. Yeah, I'm tired as shit, bro. I was actually just like halfway sleeping before I got on here. We just got home like an hour ago. Hell yeah. You have a good fourth? Hell yeah. No, I feel it, bro. I caught this on Bitcoin last night. I almost got stopped. That was my sleep, too. I just entered right here.
It was like, for me, I wasn't watching it, but the trigger was right here. This would have been the original entry. It was a two-minute free value gap. Somewhere. Maybe it was a one-minute. Because I know I didn't get the optimal. Yeah, this is what it was. This would have been where I wanted to.
in that region but it was still it was fine that I didn't get it I got I just waited I think it was like that's one thing that um a lot of people like it's like we're like I mean if I if a trigger happened and yeah maybe I didn't get in the trade and it would have been nice to have you know 10r or whatever but if I can still hit my you know 4r like I'll still take the trade people think they missed out like a lot of the time they'll be like hell yeah
Hell, yeah. Because as I say, if you waited and you were up, or is it? It's like, yeah, like 1 something in the morning. I wasn't going to be up that late. I was like, fuck it. I'm just going to go ahead and execute. What's up? Is that J Mills? Yeah. Well, I say 10R. I don't know. It's really up to you. I mean, theoretically, I guess it would be. I don't know. Because that would be like odds, if you're looking at odds, you know?
Yeah, honestly, where Bitcoin is right here, I think we could retrace a little bit, but like overall, just off the daily, I mean, I would be pretty long biased until at least 20,926. And that's on perp charts, just because we have this, we formed this kind of impulse move off this low right here. And for me, that's enough for me to believe we're going to the next draw on liquidity, which would be this highest clean high right here for me.
for our the range is it's kind of weird like like you could look at this like you know okay well this was our range before
like this right here, and that we just did our deviation of the downside, and then we can expect a deviation to the upside. I know a lot of people do that where the range will deviate, then it'll go for the opposing liquidity. And we do have this fair value gap here, but one thing I do want to stress today is the importance of a daily bias. And whenever you're coming into the market, you can have all the TA in the world, but
if your daily bias isn't correct, you know, you're going to get faked out. Like here's a really good example. So like, for instance, I'm going to hide this so I can see better. So let's just say you came in and you're, you're just really bearish on Bitcoin for whatever reason, like intraday, like, you know, you just didn't, you didn't think we were going to pump today. And you said, okay, well, I'm going to look for a supply zone to short at. And you'd say,
You know, the most clear one would be right here. There's a lot of displacement, right? Got a pretty big break of structure. You broke through some demand. It was a flip zone because, you know, we see we had this reaction to this order block right there. We reacted to it, kind of bounced up and pushed down. So you could say, okay, however you drew it, whatever. If you drew it this way, you'd say, okay, well, once price comes into my zone, I'm going to wait for the one minute to flip bearish, and then I'm going to short.
depending on if you require a Lickrade, which, I mean, you really kind of got one right here. Because if you look at this, just this price action, you know, a lot of people could have, you know, even using smart money said, okay, well, we came above this, you know, intraday high, into my POI, I'm shorting. Well, you wouldn't want to look at it like that, because whenever we see price come up into this zone, you know, you could say, okay,
We broke structure to the downside. You know, I'm going to short when we come to my order block. Are you just short right there? And then you probably ignored this. I was looking at price action. Look, we had this nice fair value gap displacement right before a break of structure. And this would have been a nice entry for a long right here because we had this little one minute accumulation on top of it looks like this old order block, really. But I would have just said the displacement because you started to see.
you know, big money coming to the market here. The ideal entry for Bitcoin this morning, I didn't trade Bitcoin. I just traded spy, but, um, would have been, I think it was, see if it was a two minute order block down here or not order block. I'm sorry. Fair value gap right there. And you could have just stopped loss right there. You could have said, get in anywhere there. You know, you could have came here and you could have just targeted. I mean, you could even just target that supply zone and it would have been a great trade for our, but, um,
Those who are just super bearish and we're failing to realize that we just took out a lot of liquidity the other day and we've started to show a little bit of bullish nature. Now, you know, you guys have been watching me for a while. You know that we're still bearish in the four hour, you know, right? We can draw our fibs. You know, this is going to be your price range. You know, anything.
you know, above that's premium, you know, right. So we can look at it like, yeah, the four hour structure is still bearish. So overall we can expect this low to get taken, but that doesn't mean that we're not going to see rushes to the upside or to the downside before. I mean, I think that, you know, most of you guys learned that in this range, I hope.
Because whenever we engineer liquidity on both sides of the market, you had all these equal highs, you had these equal lows. Look what happened to both sides. Ran, ran. We saw that range deviation. We deviated and we moved to the upside, swept the buy side liquidity before continuing on our overall narrative. So it's not like, I know when we teach it, we say it's like, okay, we're bearish.
and try to get on the weak or the strong high and target the weak low i mean yes in theory but we all know that it's more you know a lot more movement that type of stuff you get a lot of liquidity sweeps it's not just um
You know, up, down, up. It's not just like that. It's just, you know, that'd be great. And sometimes it is. Sometimes we get that kind of stuff. Definitely. But not, we can't expect it all the time, especially whenever we're in these drawn out ranges, whenever really the daily is so over exhausted. I mean, you know, at this point, I would be surprised if we didn't get at least even some form of rally. But I mean.
It's not like we're showing the biggest signs of strength. You know, the weekly hasn't really shown any strength.
at all. But the thing is too, the one thing I will say about Bitcoin Weekly, with our draw on liquidity, we came down and we cleared really, I mean, every big imbalance, you know, you could have set up here as soon as we formed this swing high right here. And when I say swing high, not our range or weekly range high, but it's just a candle that has a lower candle to the left of it and two lower to the right of it. So, you know, we can look at that as a swing high.
That's like some ICT logic for you. That's what he would consider a swing high. And if you look at that, after we have this swing high form, what you want to look for is where is liquidity going to be drawn to, right? Do we have maybe equal lows? Do we have some form of imbalance? It's like, well, we had all that.
a lot of weekly equal lows say these right here were the most obvious so you had equal lows there so price came down cleared that and we failed to form a swing low we tried to right there but price kept going down and once that happens so now you see okay we formed another swing high
So once that happens, we look for the next draw on liquidity, which with liquidity, we're not talking about order blocks or supply and demand. We're just going to be talking about imbalances and equal or clean highs and lows.
Banks, they're not really looking at, we use structure to our advantage, but banks aren't really looking at market structure. Now, we're just using market structure to identify where they're entering. But when you really want to get a bigger picture of where is, you know, why are they entering where they're entering? Where do they want to push price? You know, you can look for these draws on liquidity, which are going to be your fair value gaps and those lows and highs. So now we've came down, we've cleared this.
low. Now on the weekly, we've showed no intention. Like for instance, if we formed a, I don't know, like a swing low right here, like we had this candle move up, make a higher high right here in this week and then another week, you know, I would be saying we're looking to close this gap. But until then, you know, we just wait for a swing high or swing low to form.
And then that's kind of what we would look for. After this, if we were to just clear this out, like for instance, we made another swing high right here. We'd probably end up clearing this out. You would look at the next area and so forth. I wouldn't do it on less than a daily chart. Daily and weekly are really the only two that I would do it on. I need to hide these. I hate whenever I have shit that's on my daily chart. So right now for me,
Right now for me, we have this draw on liquidity here because we formed a swing low right here. We're already pretty close to it. You could say maybe this is as well, but I think this is a pretty clean high. I think there's going to be a lot of stop losses right in this area. The way we use this, it's not to just open a trade and target the draw on liquidity.
Also, what's up, guys? I just now saw the YouTube comments. I appreciate you guys tuning in. And I'll do Ethereum in one minute.
But yeah, so once we establish our bias and establish where do we think price is going next and why, that's how we're going to frame our intraday trade. So for instance, if the draw on liquidity is in a premium of like the last swing high and this current swing low, which it is, then you would have a bullish.
narrative or bullish bias until we take that out now that doesn't mean you can't short or you can't take any trades um it's that's not it's not that at all what what it is is that you're going to um what did it say
But what it is going to help you do is you're going to be able to kind of have a clear mind when you're coming to the market. Like I was saying at the beginning, maybe you just wanted to short here and you were unaware that we had to draw on liquidity up above. You would have gotten a trigger. If you look hard enough, you can find it. You could say, okay, here is our first trigger. There's a one-minute break of structure. Okay, maybe you wait for two. There's your second one.
You know, you got blasted. Oh, then you say, okay, we just got liquidated. I'm going to go again. So then what happens? So you would have been right here. You got your break of structure. Okay, then what happens? You get clapped again. And it's just because of your overall perspective being wrong. You're trading in the wrong context. Now, does that mean that we're not going to see any downward motion at all? No, it doesn't mean that. Like, for instance, right here where we're at, I think we have a very good chance of coming down and feeling this imbalance.
Not surprised me one bit we've got we've been engineering sell side liquidity below
If you look, price came up above an old high. An old set of highs, really, but this old high. And then also above, I think it was this high over here, this main high. So you cleared out a ton of buy stops. Anyone who's shorting in this range right here, a lot of people got stopped out. The rest of the stops are up here at that draw on liquidity, but a ton of people got stopped out right here.
So, you know, you can catch shorts and trade against the trend. I'm not saying you can't, but I am saying that when you come in to the market, you have to be maybe a little more picky or a little more conservative with those counter trend movements. Like for instance, right here, there's a breaker here and then this POI as well right here. I'm going to clean up some of my templates, but seeming to follow bearish order flow here.
And you're starting to see that newly introduced supply be respected while we're engineering that sell-side liquidity, right? Equal lows, equal lows over here.
So, but that's just part of market structure and the order flow is to see, you know, that those buy stops taken, then we're going to come down and we're going to clear the, fill the imbalance. Now you can use the same method on the four hour. You could say, okay, well now that we've cleared this high, you know, our next drawn liquidity is going to be this imbalance. You know, this imbalance also fills out an order block. Well, you could also look at it like we do have some sell side liquidity down here.
and their imbalance in here now that would be ideal and one thing I will say you will see a little bit more of a
fickle nature whenever you're using some of this stuff on bitcoin or crypto just because it can sometimes have a little bit of a mind of its own and um like for instance up here because back testing some of this one on bitcoin recently if you use it on forex it works great or indices but for instance like right here you know you could have said okay well right here you formed a swing low
But then it's like, OK, you didn't even take out anything here. You just you didn't even get into the imbalance. You would have looked for, you know, see, I guess this would have really been swing at a higher low, higher low. I mean, theoretically, I guess you could have said you're drawn liquidity, but I would have said the imbalance. And oftentimes, once you have it right, you won't really see much of, you know, any kind of retracement. Like, for instance.
If you said, let's just say, you know, we formed this between high, we had a lower high, lower high. So that was it right there. Or actually, I would have said this one right here because the candle to the left had a lower high, then two lower highs after it. Notice, how many red candles did we, or up candles did we have before we took out this low? None.
So if you enter the market with the mindset that, hey, I'm going to short, you know, anytime during those couple days, which I did actually one of the days, but if you entered the market trying to short, most likely you came out right unless you try to short this.
right, which I don't know why you would have. But if you tried to short at the wrong times, you definitely, you know, but for the most part, if you waited for an intraday liquidity rate, like for instance, let's just say right here, right at equity market open. A lot of times you're going to see this between 9 and 11 a.m. See that liquidity rate? If you got on a trade there, let's just say you targeted down in here.
Because once the buy side liquidity is not being offered anymore, it's been taken from the market, and we filled an imbalance right there, you remove the buy stops, fill the imbalance, you're just going to look for the opposing liquidity. And this isn't anything to do with supply and demand or order blocks. It's just simply using imbalances and highs and lows.
That's one way you can establish a bias coming into the market whenever you want to. You can use structure, but a lot of times when we're just ranging, structure can... For instance, if you just own short during this range and you're not really being mindful of liquidity that's being offered in the market, your win rate is not going to be as high had you understood.
liquidity concepts. A lot of times you can use them together, like for instance in this situation, okay, we have our draw on liquidity right here. Well, if we push above this, where could we possibly see a reversal? Well,
We have an unfilled imbalance right there on the four hour. So you could look, you know, maybe right here we have a supply candle. If you look at just this up candle or, you know, we've went over institutional candles, that last candle before displacement and break a structure. Yes, internal structure counts. So, you know, you could have looked or you could look right there. You know, if we came up and cleared that out, clear that, that would be maybe an ideal.
opportunity to get in some shorts. But that can help. I know a lot of people that I see having problems using smart money, 90% of the time, it's just because their daily bias is incorrect. Or it's usually that there's trading in the wrong context because people will say, they'll get it to where they understand order blocks, but every time there's an order block,
you know, before a big down move, they always want to short this whenever price comes up. You know, when price comes up, always just want to short because, you know, I see the logic, but you have to understand that you're going to even see your trigger form. You're going to see everything you need to execute form, but then price is going to quickly turn around on you because just because you see that trigger form, like for instance, if you say, okay, well,
15 minute POI, you know, if I get a one minute break of structure, you know, then I'm going to short or long, whatever, you know, if you're looking at demand or supply, I don't know.
All you're seeing is kind of the transfer between orders in the marketplace. Whenever you see those low timeframe breaks of structure and newly introduced supplier demand, all you're seeing is that in that specific range, you're starting to see an inefficiency between the orders being placed in the market. So if you come up here into this supply zone.
And you see the one minute or the three minute start to do this right here. All you're seeing is that in this zone, this little range that you just formed, there was an inefficiency of supply and demand. And price is going to go to wherever it can find balance, where it can find fair market value and start to consolidate and find an equilibrium. That's all price is always going to be. That's the reason price moves.
you know there was an area of demand just below or uh an area of liquidity just above your your zone you can get that trigger and then price just completely do the opposite of what you're anticipating but it's just because you use it in the wrong context and we're under unaware of areas of liquidity or unaware of the bigger move that was occurring so we wanted to do eth so i'll go ahead and that as well
ETH actually came up and it tapped into its drawn liquidity, where I want it at least, because we saw right here, we formed that swing low right there, and then price came up and filled this imbalance. So for me, ETH would be looking weaker than, this is the daily range, I wonder where that was from, ETH would be looking weaker than Bitcoin in my opinion.
What's ETH actually doing? ETH doesn't look too bad. I'm not going to be trading tonight, but ETH looks pretty weak. She came up and removed these stops right there. Build this imbalance. And then you started to see that reversal pattern. So for liquidity rates, a lot of times we'll see price come up. We make this high or low. And then you come up and take the high right here.
This but then you see displacement with a break of structure and the displacement super important here and none of this really matters if you don't see that displacement so You know right here That clear displacement was yeah sure on your it's kind of loud where you're at. What's up? Um, you can I mean you can identify areas of liquidity on your chart, but I wouldn't like So like for instance
Yeah, I mean, a lot of times it will at some point. So let's just say you have something like this going on. And you say, okay, well, we have a super clear area of liquidity right here. And prices came up and...
Let's just say it goes up and it starts to make bullish price structure. And you say, okay, well, I'm anticipating price is going to come down and remove this sell-side liquidity.
Because you're like, okay, we got stop losses down here. I'm just going to go ahead and get short because I'm anticipating this to get cleared. Well, you never know how long that's going to take. This can go way higher and then come down and clear that liquidity. I think the way to do it is to mark out areas of obvious liquidity on your chart and then react once price gets below them.
That that would be the way that I would look to do and I wouldn't recommend doing on no problem I wouldn't recommend doing it on less than like a 15-minute chart Now you can sometimes like if I'm on a five-minute charter woman, I'll plot it out just out of habit, but I'm not gonna really give that much much attention, you know Say for instance, I would just mark the low On the right here these two lows, but I would just really pay attention to this low over here
That would be the area I see a lot of sell-side liquidity in the form of stops. It's also front-running the next, I guess you'd say, four-hour draw on liquidity. If I were looking at the four-hour, price has this imbalance to fill this low, and then we also have this demand candle.
So, you know, you could start to build that narrative that, okay, prices came up, the daily is rebalanced, right? There's no imbalances really left on the daily chart in this dealing range we're in right now. Now, of course, there's up here, but we're not really worried about that right now.
You know, if we can look at the four hour and say, OK, well, we know that we the daily is has taken its, you know, it's one on its course to the upside. Now, that's just not to say it won't stop because we haven't formed that swing high yet. But we can say, you know, OK, well, we might expect price to start to turn around and rebalance opposing liquidity, start to offer the sell side. So, you know, when we look at the four hour, we say, OK.
Well, we've got some pretty clear sell-side liquidity here. We've got a demand candle. And then we've got this fair value gap that hasn't been filled. So, you know, you could start to be a little more short biased here.
and say, well, I'm looking at 15 minute. Maybe that this was your trigger. You had a supply candle up here, wherever you had it. Honestly, I would have probably just said this whole little internal range right here up in your supply. And you can accompany that with, okay, well, here we have a liquidity rate. Because you know, most of the people that got short here, there's a lot of stop losses right here.
at that high and we can see it now price came up took out that structural liquidity and we see this reversal pattern so we're looking we want to look where we had a break of structure with displacement now crypto can get a little fickle like i said before i would so we look here so where do we really break you know this is our internal low
So it's like, where did we really start to break down here? Well, it was this candle right there. And it happens very quick. I mean, like, look, I have one minute later. So you'd say, here is a fair value gap. What you do, your stop loss could differ. I mean, depending on your wrist tolerance, you could have said the most recent internal high, which I will say, if you have thick skin and can withstand a little bit of a loss, like taking a loss,
I don't want to encourage people to relentlessly trade a setup until they just take so many losses. But if you have backtested your method and you know what you're doing and you're confident in the level, maybe if you're okay to take an X trade, you might put a tight stop. With crypto, I almost recommend just using the high, the lick rate high. You won't get as good risk to reward, but...
you know for people especially that are starting out you know as long as you still have a good good enough risk reward you know wherever your target may be like for instance here we went over i would be looking at this low right here so you know you have a plan it's plenty it's totally fine you don't have to to try to get 50r every time right and but you know if you wanted to use this i can't let's see if it got stopped i don't know if i don't think it did actually
You would have had a very, very clean trade setup. But I recommend using the higher one personally.
Because this instance, it worked pretty nicely. And another thing too, what you're viewing when you're looking at this is just, this is just a distribution range right here on a lower. I mean, we're on a one minute, you could see it clearer, but all you're seeing whenever we see markup phases and distribution and accumulation, you're seeing buy or sell stops being rated and then supplier demand being introduced to the market. And we're just using candles to visualize that.
But the sooner you can understand the situation that's really going on, like what is happening, you'll navigate the market much more confidently and you won't have as much confusion because you just look at it like, okay, well, where is smart money looking to buy or sell? Smart money is going to look to buy under an old low and sell above an old high because they have to.
Because they have to make moves in areas where they have liquidity. So once they have created liquidity through stopping retail traders out, then you can look for the introduction of supply and demand. And that's why we use breaks of structure to, quote, confirm our trades is because we're just seeing the inefficiency of orders present itself. So if we come up here in this range and then price makes this little range right here, we know that.
you know, it's been able to find a fair value, which was in this area. Once it starts expanding away from that, we can, you know, determine that price, there's an inefficiency in supply and demand and price is going to rush to where there's not. Now, you know, maybe where isn't there? It's just going to be where smart money, you know, enters the market again. But you have to use all of this in the high timeframe context. Somebody asked for Sol. I'll look at Sol. Let's look at the weekly.
Weekly hasn't shown me it wants to go towards any kind of drawn liquidity on the weekly yet. Daily, let's see.
this is where i would be i'd be pretty you know bullish up until 37.80 and that'd be where i'd revisit it so just starting off that's the first thing i would do is look at that um like for instance let's just look like let's just back test a little bit like so after you you know you formed this um higher low here higher low here you were pretty you know quickly had rebalanced price you saw one red candle right or you know down candle
And then after that, nothing but up candles to you. Really, I guess you could have said this up here. All right, then we came down. Price came up. We swept above this old high. We started to reverse. So now once we reversed here and we made that swing high, where are you going to target? Just the next area. It's not like the craziest low ever. You're just going to say the short-term low right here. And then now price has kind of made that rounded bottom. It's made a higher low, higher low. So I would look forward to target this imbalance here. So if we go to a four-hour,
i think soul let's see should i keep getting spam about play to earn games i've never got so much discord spam in my life as the last week or so soul structure is very odd right here you could look at four hour structure like this i mean i don't know if i'd consider i don't really trade soul enough to know what i would consider a standard deviation i mean 10 is a pretty big move um so if that was the case you would have said break a structure there
structure there so you'd say this is your range right here i will say i don't like that like i would i would personally like to long um if i was going to long under this area right here actually i would have said really this was your range because you came up break a structure there
Break a structure to the downside. And a lot of times the draw on liquidity will coincide with your four-hour structure. That's why I like doing it first. Because look, so now, okay, we've got to break a structure here. So then we know that our range went this right here. Then we came up, we failed to make a new high, took out that low. So now we have a new four-hour range. Then we know that whenever we break structure to the downside, we expect a pullback.
When do we expect a pullback? We get a change of character right there. We got a change of character. Price came down into the newly introduced demand. Was respected. Price came up, took out this second high. Came down, retraced. Where did it retrace? Newly introduced demand. I'm looking to come up and take out this weak high. So overall, I would be bullish on Sol up until...
3780 and that also coincides with this for our supply zone if you're using internal range right there this POI right there so if I was in a sole position I'd be looking to take some off of that area and then revisit it but you can you can you can reevaluate this
whenever you come to this area. And until then, if I'm an intraday trader, I'm just looking, when I come to my computer in the morning, I'm looking for areas of liquidity to get rated, preferably with demand under them. Like for instance, if I'm coming to my computer and let's just say this is 6 a.m. where we're at right now, I'm going to look.
That already got rated, so there's no equal highs. Like, say, for instance, if this high was equal with another high, I would wait for price to come above it, and I'd look for signs of reversal. We already saw that happen. Price came up above this high. Where did it come into? That supply zone right there also filled that imbalance. If it wasn't already filled already, it might have been. Yeah, it was. Now, you've got to break a structure to the downside. You can watch that zone right there. Now, where am I targeting?
Well, again, because it's going to be counter trend, if I was trading that, I wouldn't look to take it any insane way. If I could get three to four hour, just the next 15 minute imbalance, if I'm trading against the trend, I'll take it. No need to be greedy. No need at all. Because we really don't have, if I'm looking here, four hour imbalance ends right about there. It's the same area as that 15 minute liquidity void. I would just take it off this 15 minute demand right there.
That's where I'd look. So you can see how you can play, and you're still just playing into the higher time frame narrative that we're going to go higher. Because you could say, okay, well, if I think Sol is going to come up here to this draw on liquidity, and that's above, well, I have a bullish narrative, so I'm not going to look to take this down to the ground. I'm just going to look to take it down to wherever we need to fuel up again before going up to my level. Also still got that buy side liquidity up here as equal highs.
Your engineering that's going again, going with that higher timeframe narrative that we're going to go more to the upside. So that could leave you to believe, okay, we're going to come back down into this area, come back up, take out the buy stops, come into that daily draw on liquidity. At that point, you revisit, see what price is telling you. Also, one thing I want to go over.
I tagged this last night, but I wasn't really trading. Super fucking awesome trade opportunity. That kills me. GJ also gave us a similar setup. We had this four-hour imbalance get filled along with price coming into this.
the supply zone. And then we were engineering the sell side of the downside. We already know we've went over CAD yen a lot. We already know we're pretty bearish when we got a liquidity raid, kind of that three drive distro. Sign of weakness, the downside. We kept the original distribution range. That was why I sent that alert out last night for you guys to watch. So as soon as price came up into this zone, literally as soon as you started to see
these signs of weakness, right? You got to break a structure. Now, this is how fast it can happen. Watch, price came back. After we broke down, price came back right here into that newly introduced supply. And it can happen this fast. So let's just look what happened. Okay, as soon as price comes into this zone, we wait for the first sign of weakness. So which would have been right here. Got a shorter right there, stops above the range.
It's immediately shorted. You could have shorted with your stops there. It just depends on your style. Either way, no matter where you took those shorts, and they're fucking phenomenal. It seems like a lot of times we see these opportunities happen on holidays, a lot of the time, on American holidays, especially with crypto.
That would have been an amazing trade. I'm kind of sad that I missed it. GJ gave a similar opportunity, but again, it's just playing with that higher time frame narrative because theoretically right now, people that just look at the four hour, they're going to say, oh, we're bullish. There's our swing range because we came up. You started to form this. Here was your swing range before. You broke structural downside, so that gave you a new swing low.
You broke that high, moved up, and at that point you say, okay, well, we're bullish. I'm just looking for longs. Now, if you caught longs here, you did good. But we have so much sell-side liquidity being built up. Also, we're above an old weekly low or a weekly high right here. So we finished off all that liquidity. And now, yes, we're in a four-hour bullish trend, but that's why using the higher timeframes is important once you get comfortable with it because every trend does come to an end.
And you can start to align yourself with the right side of the market a lot more. If you understand, you know, you got to remember this four hour, it is a high timeframe, but a lot of people get wrapped up in only the four hour. And they always just like, okay, well, the four hour is bullish. I'm looking too long. And that's, there's nothing wrong with that. You know, most of the time I'm going to be like that too. So I'm not saying there's anything wrong with that, but in this situation,
you know, whenever you come up above an old weekly high, you know, at this point, this is somewhere where I say, okay, we might see a reversal here. You know, this is where you would look for a reversal, at least something short term. So especially when you have all of this, I have an infographic up there, especially when you have all of this liquidity being built. Now here, I need to move this. It's been a while since. So let's say now we have our previous monthly low. Now that we're in,
In July, we know there's a ton of liquidity under those PMLs. That's going to be a huge, huge area as far as institutional interest goes. So now we're building up that sell side even more. Guess where our draw on liquidity is? It's going to be these equal lows if they don't get taken out by the time we form that swing high.
But when you really look at it, we form this swing high right here. We can fill these imbalance. Now price is coming up. We didn't form a swing low. Price is looking to push down. We're coming towards these equal lows. By the time we get the swing high formed, it'll be likely that this clean low is going to be our target, which is also the previous monthly low. So there's a ton of liquidity built up under that.
So I did want to review that. Hopefully some of you guys that have been paying attention a lot and really applying stuff and trying to learn, that was a pretty straightforward setup. It was just four hour supply. I gave you guys that. You wait for a 15 minute break of structure to the downside. You have this new low right here because price came up. It came down and swept the new low. So I'm going to move that low up. And then this is easy. Super, super easy.
You could have even been more aggressive with it and said this was your low right there, actually.
Either way, it's the same area broken down. Price comes right back up. And this is how it happens. A lot of times when you're using these internal breaks of strength, it's going to happen super fast. Price is going to come right back up into that zone. It breaks down because we remove some of that liquidity, especially if it's a flip zone because you just swept a lot of liquidity. In this situation, you have these relatively equal lows got swept. Price violently pushed right back into your POI. You did not have much time to do it.
As soon as you got that one-minute break of structure in your POI, it was go time. It was off to the races. I'm glad you're learning a lot, Daniel. Yeah, I'm going to just go ahead and kind of look over because a lot of these USD pairs have seen their weekly lows get taken out that we've been talking about for a while. Let's look. I'm just going to – I've already journaled everything. I'm just going to delete all this, journal all my trades. Sure. Yeah, for sure.
Oh, I just hold control or command if you're on a Mac. So like, oh yeah, it's a major key. Yeah. Hold that control. I mean, you'll get, you can also click this over here, but it gets kind of annoying to have it on all the time. But yeah, for sure. So like now I'm looking at this.
I see, okay, we came right here. We formed that swing high on the weekly. So if I'm looking at my weekly drawn liquidity, it was right here. Because this was really, to me, you had these equal lows. Relatively equal. Actually, I'm sorry. I'm going to move it up to like right here.
It was these relatively equal lows. I really would have been picking this one, but since we have this inside bar, we know this is going to be a range on a lower time frame, especially when we're looking at a weekly chart. There's seven days of price action that found a bottom equal to this area. So now we've removed that from the market. The weekly hasn't shown any sign of reversing, but did want to just note that we cleared that out. So now I'm just going to be looking at it from a daily perspective.
Same thing with the daily. We really came and cleared out any kind of liquidity we could have been hunting for. So at this point, we're kind of in limbo. Price is bearish in the daily. We can look at it from a perspective like this. So here's our daily swing range.
We've got some imbalances right above and premium, but I don't really see much of a reason for us to go there just yet. But if anything, we're going to be anticipating price is going to get some relief soon. Now you can pair this with DXY. You can also, another thing too, a lot of people don't do, like if you really want to get into it.
Go look at futures on whatever currency you're trading. Some of them like this are going to be terrible. But you can look at... I know this is undoable. You can look at the pound futures a lot of the time on a daily chart. There's a feed... Hold on.
Maybe it's just USD. Why don't take me to Apple of all things? You can look at USD and Euro too on a cleaner chart. It's not the cleanest, but a lot of times you can use this along with your analysis. DXY is going to be better for the dollar, of course. At the Euro, you can look at it. I guess you can on pound. Somebody showed me that recently. I will say on the daily for DXY.
We're pretty due for a retracement, but a lot of this has to do with more macroeconomic stuff. You're not going to always see this perfectly play out with TA. We've been in supply for a little bit now. Weekly showing no sign of slowing up, but the daily has removed this liquidity, so I could see a potential retracement here, but I wouldn't count on it.
So we are in that supply. Price has swept this liquidity. You might even form somewhat of a three-drive pattern where sellers get exhausted here. And I wouldn't even say really sellers, but the upward move gets a little exhausted. We're above an old weekly high. Now the daily is starting to show an immense strength today. I wonder what is the news this week. I think I have it just for... Okay, so there is some high-impact news. The U.S. dollar.
So we have some 10 a.m. news. Expect to see high volatility there.
Anticipation, of course, these job openings are going down. We'll see how that actually comes. Then we have FOMC tomorrow. So tomorrow's going to be a pretty interesting day in all markets, especially with DXY. Depending on how this FOMC meeting goes, we might see a little relief for markets, but let's not bet on that. Let's wait until that happens. You might catch an AM trade right up in the afternoon, but I'd be sitting on my hands through that FOMC.
except for maybe positions you're swinging. 15 minutes starting to show signs of retracement. I mean, you've got a huge, huge way to go here. You could even come all the way down here and rebalance this four hour and still be bullish. I got that first sign of weakness there. We'll see how tomorrow plays out with that. A lot of these pairs are going to be pretty reliant on that as well. Still following super bearish order flow here.
Crossy dollar. Not a nice trade. Did you take out this weak low? Good, but no closure. Just want to see how you did down here under this low. Didn't even close at 15 minutes under that candle. You started to see this accumulation of orders right under, or right, I'm sorry, right above this level. We sprung right up. I can see a return up to this area up here, especially if the FOMC.
It goes bad for the dollar, good for equities. That's the setup I'll be watching in tomorrow. And a lot of times these strategies coincide with supply and demand. Like for instance, we've got this flip zone right above that four hour imbalance fill. So that'd be a nice POI. I'm actually going to set an alert. That's what it was. You're actually right. It's AX. That's what it was.
hey but there is one for yeah i want to start looking at those for sure so this is what um algo's talking about right here so we've got all these right here so it's ax so just like the dxy these are going to be the strength indexes for each currency are they are most of them like uh the dollar where they're weighted because i know the dollar is weighted by six different currencies but yeah it's like super gappy yeah the pound was no go
So tomorrow I'd like to see some kind of liquidity form up. I mean, preferably what I'd really like is for us to get one of these AMD setups where you go like this, maybe deviate. And then this actually is a nice setup for me. Might play out sooner than that. But just basically the idea there is we see this displacement. We came down, took out an old low. So I'd displace from the break of structure. So ideally, might even see what happened faster. I'd look for...
Something in this zone, maybe lower, but start to see that bullish price structure, like break a structure in there. I'd probably look on a 15-minute internal structure, and then you could start to look to take it up to fill these imbalances above. So I want to see those daily candles looking. All right, it's odd. I mean, this actually would be what you'd look for when a power of three set up. I know EURUSD took out these lows. That was so sad. I was like, are you fucking serious on 4th of July? I mean, I wasn't surprised at all.
Yeah, right? I think I need another chart that has more data. There we go. It's like, geez, this is so bad. I want to just see where the next area is. Could be where you're headed, honestly, as far as the weekly goes.
But you see too, like with these draw on liquidity strategies, they hit, like for instance, like right here, like this, like if we came up here, draw on liquidity would have been like right here. Like we had like one green day, literally one green day. Yeah, so if you just look, aim to get short every day and take a short somewhere in, you know, these days, you had a pretty good win rate. But not much sign of relief yet, that's for damn sure.
This one's nice, not too complicated. I'm just going to look for price to return up here. Look for that. But I might look too long up into that area. It's starting to show signs of strength here. But I personally am not going to force that. Especially tomorrow, the FOMC. Let's say right here. What's your market structure break? A nice inducement low right there, forming in front of this demand.
i won't be watching this but you might see
For value gap, get filled, sweep this intra-range liquidity. This is also similar to what I was looking at on Aussie dollar. Start to see a move down into this area. And then if you can start to see bullish price structure here, like a 15-minute market structure break to the upside, maybe a five. I wouldn't really pull up the five there. But 15-minute internal break of structure to the upside. Watch that newly created demand. And I'd look to maybe take some longs. But again, I'd be pretty...
aggressive with the profit taking you know i wouldn't like just because i want price to come back up to this area i'm not going to long all the way up there like for instance if you took longs here let's just say you know for whatever reason you see you took a long here
because your low timeframes told you to do so. It's a pretty tight stop. If I could get a nice 5, 6R, I'm taking it there personally because you're trading in no man's land. 5R, over time, you will make a great living off of 4 and 5R. I mean, a really good amount of money. You will have a very comfortable life if you are trading with any size of account and you're taking 5R trades, you're hitting those. I mean, that's...
Don't get it twisted and only take, you know, 50-yard trades. And while those are amazing and there is a time and place for them, it's not all the time. It doesn't have to be all the time. One I want to note on, I actually was talking to Nick about this in DMs the other day. This is a great example of draw on liquidity, right? Delete all this. So, for instance, Frank, USD Frank.
Price came up right here. We formed this swing high. Where is the next draw on liquidity? All right, right here. That would be where I would take it. Now, you see price got a little reaction there. Then we just formed a little bit of a bounce. But really, that was just a flip zone that pushed us through this fractal demand. And then we came back down. And then now, okay, we came up. We formed a little bit of a swing low right here. All right, we came back far up into this imbalance. Price did not.
Came up all the way up here in this daily supply
It's gonna be a four-hour range as well. I know, Shannon, I know you're watching this like, fuck, bro, we fucked up. We actually talked about taking trades from here a while ago. I don't know. Some of you guys maybe saw it, but the alerts were not set. But then we came up for this swing high. Now, where was the next area of liquidity? Well, this imbalance, you saw price hit it, kind of rear up a little bit, but then we formed another swing high right here. And when I'm saying swing highs, I'm not saying your daily range swing.
but just where we had an impulsive move away from an area. Then price came down, took out all this liquidity, and now we're starting to see price reverse. So price came down, took out these equal lows, or relatively equal, started to see a swing high. Now, for me, you could say that right here is our drawn liquidity, I guess. You could say that. But for me, I'm really looking at this imbalance here. I want to see price push up into this area.
I actually posted an infographic today on Twitter. And here, let me just so you can see. Look at this right here. That's this price action. So I'll use this as an example for this. Now, I would see price coming up somewhere in this imbalance. Now, a lot of people would have looked at this and said, okay, four hours bearish. Over here, we had bearish price structure, break the structure to the downside. Okay, price came back up, created a new supply, broke structure to the downside again.
All right, price came up. Okay, we're just bearish, right? And you had to look to short this. Now, what happened? Well, that supply failed. Now, how could you have maybe been anticipating this? Just using that daily draw on liquidity. Now, supply failed. We now have a daily flip zone or a four-hour flip zone right here that we can look for price to return to after we swept these equal highs.
you know i'm not really one to trade this pair too too much i will say it's pretty choppy just because frank's super crazy the way it moves just because a lot of macro reasons but especially with the where the world's at right now but you can trade maybe a higher time frame take on it a little bit wider stop because it moves like i mean these are pips this is a lot of a big move um for instance just move today
Was 100 pips. That's a good good move. So we've swept above this area here
You started to show signs of weakness right there. You could have looked at that whole range of supply or, you know, you could have looked at one area. I would have just used the whole range because, you know, me, I'm going to wait for price to come into it and give me what I need to see. One minute on this chart is not the prettiest, but, you know, the framework's the framework, right? So got that.
I'm not trading this, but I'm just kind of plotting it out and watching. I'm still learning how this pair works. I can see it's very fickle. It's weird how it moves, but it seems to be...
generally speaking, moving over at this. Now I could see a move higher up into this zone. And I'm probably going to try to catch shorts, but I do want to see once price gets back down into this area right here, I'm going to see how we start to react there. And I might take some swings on that. And this also too would lead us, because the franc is going to gain strength more and more, the worse the world's economic situation gets.
So if we can get up here into this area, because this is the original range barrier, or the LPSY for Wyckoff people, whenever you're looking at this distribution up here. All right, that's where the biggest place we can market. So I'd look to take longs up there only to sell from that area. But this is something I want to see how we unfold. Let me give Bitcoin one last look before I hop off here. Came down, swept these lows. That's how you're seeing price too, is just sweep.
And the same, I guess, perspective that you have in the daily, you can look at it on the lower time frames, but don't get married to that idea. Like, for instance, now I swept this liquidity. Okay, where are we going next? Maybe this fair value gap. Maybe it goes higher. I don't know. But you just kind of revisit as you see what happens. You can just watch these areas and use them in confluence with the rest of your TA.
FTM. Yeah, I got you. I'll do FTM. I just now saw that. That was just now too. But after this, I'm going to hop off. So FTM weekly draw on liquidity. You look like you want to come up into this region right here. That's the weekly. Daily, on the other hand, you just filled right there. You saw the swing high form or swing low form. Came up into that area. Starting to see signs of weakness on a higher time frame.
Broke down there, that would be your internal low. That's what I would use. Price came back up into our supply right there. Let's hit the 15 minutes telling us. 15 minutes looking pretty weak too. You've got a sign of weakness there. I will say though, this right here could be inducement because you do have a pretty clear zone just above.
Right there. So you might see this just move down a little bit maybe in this imbalance and then come up take out that high Because you also have a four-hour imbalance there as well Right on that zone. So I wouldn't really be looking to short this just yet You could look for him. I might see this consolidation maybe a little reaccumulation into distribution up above this whole high That's that's kind of what I would look for If price could come up into that area and you start to see a reversal I would look to short there and
Overall, though, I would look for probably to come out and clear these relatively equal lows, and then you might start to see some bullish momentum. And, you know, I'm not really trading alts much right now.
But that's that's what I would look for just gonna have to rely on Bitcoin to get that sell side liquidity down there Institutional candle not far below. We all know what that means. It's gonna be our inducement. So don't get tricked If anything I'd be a little more short biased also on that for our supply right there
and exhibiting new introduction of supply within the old supply and upon filling that fair value gap. So I'd be short biased here targeting 2359, but I would wait personally if I were looking to short this till you come up into this area right here. That would be the POI for me.
And you would get that liquidity rate. I would just look for push-up in this area, preferably a pretty animated move with displacement, and then an equally animated break of structure to the downside. And the displacement is the key here. You want to see powerful moves, stuff like this right here. That's what you want to see.
You know, you could take it down to this area down here, you know, or you could, you know, take, you obviously wouldn't just take the entire trade there. You could look at other areas, other liquidity pools, whether they're intraday. That's totally up to you. You know, you could target imbalances along the way or demand zones. I think the 15 minutes is going to be probably bullish once you reach up there. But, yeah.
No problem, man. I appreciate you guys all tuning in. Um, if this was helpful for you, I'd super fucking appreciate it. If you'd like the video comment, just, you know, whatever helps me out a lot. It helps the channel grow. So, um, until tomorrow, I will see you guys later. I'll be on at 10 AM in the morning. That's Eastern time. Yeah. Until then, I'll see you guys. Peace.
