Yo, what's good? Yeah, yeah. Scarbs, let me know in Discord chat if you can hear me in there on the stream. Yo, y'all can hear me in there? Oh, it's delayed. I'm going to mute my mic on Discord. All right, so I'm going to go over a couple different things tonight. As usual, I'm going to touch on this Bitcoin sentiment first.
So really what I'm looking at, you know, on the lower timeframes, we've definitely shifted to more of a bullish narrative. Right. And really even not even just lower timeframes, even the four hour. We've started to see this, you know, the same.
set up, play out over the high timeframes and the lower timeframes. And what it is, is this liquidity pool reversal, right? We come down, clear a low and begin to form bullish price structure under that low, right? Confirmed by breakup structure, the upside, we come down, return to origin, right?
Run a little deeper than this range. Maybe if we drew it down here, let's see. Yeah, right there. And we're starting to maintain this bullish price structure, right? You could have your spring and your test, for those of you who are looking at it from a Wyckoff perspective, right? We came back down to this right here.
back down cleared this low and the same literally the same structure we're looking at here is the same structure you're getting right here it's just harder to depict because we're on a higher time frame if i scale in we're going to have the same thing right it's just price coming down running stops forming some bullish price structure and moving to the upside the same thing over and over again which would lead one to believe that we are shifting price uh to a bullish narrative right and
We're starting at a four-hour. Price is definitely looking better than it's been. We're coming down, clearing out these lows, the major low that we had at the beginning of this crash, whatever you want to call it, bear market. I've heard tons of different terms. But the key thing I look for is not only what kind of structure we have forming on the four-hour, but also on the daily. You look back all the way back to...
the last consolidation bear market whatever last summer and we came back down and we returned to origin essentially of this move really we can even dig a little deeper and you came down almost to the origin of the really tight range we had here which is really the relevant range as you see this is where volume really started to come into the market right now
So that's bullish that we reacted to this level, and we got a break of structure here, right? So, you know, you can react. You can expect a reaction to any high time frame zone of mitigation, any kind of order flow. You can expect a reaction. Now, what you want to see after that reaction is what we saw here, which is a break of structure. Oops, let me move this. So we got our break of structure to the upside, right? We didn't quite mitigate.
This daily order block that was kind of like pre-crash. So that would leave us reason to believe that price still needs to return up to this zone to mitigate because we have displacement here. Now, the argument that we don't have displacement would also be valid just because of these two wicks right here. If there was some form of fair value gap in price, there would be almost no argument that we'll return to this level.
You could look at it two ways. Now, with that being said, we are starting to make a higher high, right? We have higher high, higher low, right? Failed to make a higher high, but still made a higher low, right? No higher high, higher low.
No higher high even here. So price is beginning to squeeze, right? The market's going to make a decision pretty soon. In the next days to weeks, what kind of move that is, I think it's too early to call just yet. And I'll give you two perspectives and I'll tell you why I think it's too early.
For the bulls, we need a higher high. We've gotten higher lows. The volume is not where we want it to be. These bids are coming in, but they're quickly erased. When that happens, usually I look for sales. If I see manipulation of highs, that's whenever I start to maybe look for some shorts. I'm not really at that point yet.
If we fail to make a higher high and we just continuously mitigate these zones, move to the downside, and we're just creating stronger highs for every time we create a high, right? So for instance, let me go to a four hour and this will be a little clearer.
for every time we create a high that we have price structure is broken after. For instance, we create this high, right? Here's our swing. Let me go into eight hours to make it even easier. So we have our swing from, here's our swing low, right? Right here.
We have our swing high, right? So after this swing high, the next swing low, right, occurred after a break, a major break in structure, right? So this is going to be a really hard high to clear. This is your major level to beat, right? We're obviously nowhere even near there, 52,000. Yeah, that'd be beautiful, wouldn't it? I think everybody'd be thrilled if that was...
That was a thing right now. Now, once we get to that level and if we can break that, that, in my opinion, would send us no question on new all time highs. And that would really be the confirmation of a daily or high true high time frame narrative shift. That's another conversation for another day. What we're really trying to break now.
It's $46,000. I think it's $45,800 on Tether. Let's see. And this is going to vary for different data feeds. $45,821. We'll just say $45,800. There's a lot of different data feeds we have with Bitcoin and price alters a couple hundred dollars sometimes, maybe $100 to $200 at most. So that's really the next high we need to break on a macro perspective, right?
If we break that, sorry, I keep drawing these damn lines. If we break that, we're almost, you know, it's sure you're going to come up into this region, right? Now we could revisit once we break, get a break of structure there, you would revisit the low timeframes, look for any forms of institutional order flow in order to either find a target or a potential entry for shorts, depending on what your bias is.
Until market structure is broken here, you would have a neutral bias in my opinion. We have no reason to be bullish for longs to all-time highs or anything like that until we break this 52,000. That being said, I think we are leaning more on the bullish side of things as of now, but I do see waning volume. I do see weakness whenever we get to these highs. We're not really creating major highs.
You know, like for instance, this high, right? This is the last swing high before we came down on broke structure. We're not creating those yet because like I said, we've been getting higher lows, right? So that's good. That means that these highs aren't going to be as much of a sell wall as this high up here, right? We are creating stronger lows, right? But really the only major low we have, right? The major is just relative like this is the major high, right? This low.
Right. Why? Because after this low, we got what? A break of structure. So those are going to be your pivotal points where you're going to, you know, if you see price break these levels, that's going to be confirmation for a new higher time frame narrative. Until then, we're kind of just playing ping pong.
Where we're at here, I'm going to scale out into the daily timeframe and I will give the one thing that I did notice that I don't really like about Bitcoin. So if you're drawing, let me delete some of this other stuff. Let's delete it all. If you're looking at Bitcoin from the true daily range we're in, right? And it's a big range, right? Let's talk 52,000 to 32,000, 33,000, right? It's a big range, but this is where you have those major highs and major lows.
So this is really the price range on a higher time frame narrative that you can go off of. And some of you may know this, some of you may not. I won't touch on this forever. But we have equilibrium, which is the midpoint or the median of the range.
And then we have premium and discount. So common sense says if you are looking to sell something, whether it's cryptos, stocks, or hell, a car, whatever it may be, you want to sell that at what? A premium. If something is a hot commodity to be sold, it's probably not going to stay in premium for too long. If something is a hot commodity to be bought, vice versa. If you want to buy something, you want to buy at a discount.
You don't want to buy at fair market value, which would be equilibrium, because you want to flip this. You want to trade because that's what we're doing. After all, we're here to make money. Now, notice that Bitcoin is having a hard time staying above fair market value, which would indicate that sellers are in the building. And it almost seems as if market makers are inducing liquidity, right?
by manipulating these highs. That's why you're seeing these moves to the upside erase so much, you know, so quickly. Now, they're not creating such a bearish market structure that it's necessarily easy to identify, right? Because of the low timeframes have shifted, we are getting higher lows, but we're not getting these higher highs.
So that's why I really want to see a higher high from Bitcoin soon or we're probably going to see lower lows. I would not be surprised. Now, does that mean, oh, my God, we're bearish? No, not necessarily at all. Right. Does it mean that we're probably going to have a range locked? I guess you'd say spring. I almost said summer. Yeah, probably. Do we also have a lot of liquidity down here? Yeah, definitely.
I'm not saying that's going to get touched just yet, but if we break structure down from here, this is where I'd be looking. So 30,000, right? Same thing as last summer, would not be that surprised. Now, we don't really have reason to look for that just yet. So don't freak out and sell your equity or start shorting Bitcoin, right?
Because remember, we are looking at a range from $33,000 to $52,000. Considering the recent range around the four hour, this wouldn't be necessarily the best entry for shorts, right? I will say that if stuff doesn't change, I will start probably looking for some shorts to swing just to kind of hedge the equity. I'm just not liking the way Bitcoin looks, to be honest, without a higher high. I really want us to break that $45,800 high.
So, and what's really kind of influencing my decision for that is this right here. The fact that we are having trouble staying in premium, right? It's hot to be sold right now. Whales are selling their positions. They're inducing liquidity, right? By shifting to a bullish short-term narrative and they're pumping the price up and then retail follows, pumps the price up and does what? Provides their liquidity to whales unwillingly.
or willingly if you're selling with them as in shorting. So keep that in mind. That's one thing I kind of noticed as I was doing some TA earlier on this daily timeframe, but don't panic. And I'm not saying, oh, Bitcoin's going to 28,000. That's not what I'm saying. What I am saying is to be mindful, don't overexpose yourself. And if we do not shift structure pretty soon, I'll start to look for entries on shorts to hedge some of our equity.
Now, let's take a look at Ethereum. I haven't even done T on Ethereum, so this will kind of be off the top. Let me go to a different data feed that's not... So it's Ethereum, right? First of all, I'm going to start with the daily timeframe, and I recommend all you guys do this. Always do top-down analysis, which means go from the high timeframes down. I think it's going to give you a better idea of what the true narrative at hand is.
So Ethereum, it doesn't look as bad, to be honest. It doesn't look amazing, but it definitely looks better than Bitcoin. We're looking at this daily timeframe. First of all, the range that it's trading within is also pretty big, but you can see that we are pushing up into premium. Maybe that was just to mitigate this order block right here.
Ethereum, it's a similar structure in the sense that we're making higher lows, but lackluster, momentum to the upside, and we're failing to make higher highs.
So on the daily, that's really about all I got for the daily. I'm not going to do any TA of this stuff up here because there's really no reason to look for these levels because we're still down in this trading range. That's something I see people time and time again making the mistake of, oh, when's Bitcoin going to 100,000, right? You don't know. Anybody who says they know is lying. You can use certain types of analysis like stock to flow and different on-chain data.
But I mean, let's be real. If you're trading off of a chart, which you should be, then you have no bias to look in those ranges.
So going from the daily, I just shoot straight out of the four hour. I know I have all these other timeframes that favorited. To be honest, I use the daily, the four hour, one hour, 15 minute, and five. And the 15 minute and five are just for entries, right? But looking at the four hour, I mean, we have bullish market structure. I'm going to delete this right here to get rid of it.
Get this going too. So on the 4R, we have bullish market structure. And what do I mean when I say bullish market structure, right? Manipulation of lows. You're getting these rounded bottoms, right? Market makers are creating unwilling liquidity by stopping out.
longs, right? So for instance here, just like we had a liquidity pool drawn, it was much more visible due to being on a lower timeframe. This right here is the same exact concept. All you're looking at is price pushing below a recent low, stopping out retail investors, creating liquidity for whales to go long. So we're going to a four or a 15 minute, we'll jump down there all the way from that four hour. It's the same thing, right? We're just getting these rounded bottoms, right?
push the upside and we have this order block left equilibrium i would probably go ahead and just use this lower one i'm going to mark this i'm just going to throw a horizontal line on it just for reference later we might have some form of reaction there i'm going to mark that now we already really had our test over here it wasn't really a perfect we didn't come back down where i would really like but i'm back at this four hour
That's bullish, right? We're seeing the low timeframe shift to a bullish structure. And honestly, the high timeframe as well, you see more pushes to the downside. Oh, wait, it looks like we may have came down here and tested this level. Yeah, that's right. There you go. There would be your test, right? We'll go back out of the daily for one second.
Let's go to like a 12 hour. So here you have your first shift in structure down here, right? Early longers got completely fucked right here, right? Because everybody tries to buy the dip. So you see some accumulative structure, but failed break of structure here. All we did was push up to this order block and move more to the downside, right? Early longers got wrecked. Now we come back down on here. You have your true.
a shift of market structure. Lows started to get manipulated, price begins to move sideways. Fear is being induced in the market as we are approaching almost $2,000 Ethereum. People are freaking out selling their positions and whales are doing what? They're accumulating orders to go long. So we push up, we get our... Let's see actually, did it break structure here?
Really not a major break of structure, even if it did. It did. We got a minor break of structure, right? We broke this kind of auto rally high. Nothing major. Really, your main levels to break with Ethereum are going to be on the daily. Your main levels to break with Ethereum.
which one's higher 34 13 um give or take like i said before i mean this is bit stamped so that number can be off a couple bucks but we'll say around 34 15 in that ballpark that's your major break of structure to where i would look for new all-time highs um now going to the four hour
We broke minor structure here, right? Saw our normal retracement. We returned to origin, also a test if you're looking at it from a Wyckoff perspective. But in all honesty, you're returning to the origin of the move that sent us this break of structure. But you didn't really get what I would be looking for just yet. I'm not saying you won't, but you didn't get a major break of structure, which would have been clearing these highs, right?
you're not continuously getting those higher highs. And this is just me dissecting it and showing you what that actually entails on the lower timeframes than a daily. Sure, you can look at it and say, oh, we're not getting higher highs. But I think it's important you understand the structure that's going on in between and how you can differentiate, yes, we're having bullish price action, but no, we're not changing the high timeframe narrative and we're not forming strong lows, right?
The only strong low we have with Ethereum is similar to Bitcoin. It's the absolute low of this whole crash, right? Right there. That's your strong lows. Now, here at Ethereum, we're making less and less progress to the upside. I won't say we have bearish structure here. If anything, this would be looking like more reaccumulation to me, right? But it's not getting confirmed either.
Looking at Ethereum, let's go back to the daily. Everything's got obvious liquidity way down. You can't really count on that just yet. Like I said, I wouldn't be looking for those levels until we got this major break of structure. How would we play that? We get a major break of structure here. We're going to get a relief bounce. We're going to return to that order block that sent us there. But even then, is the risk or reward even good enough to try to short Ethereum?
Probably wouldn't do it. This is all speculation as well. But where we're at now, if we're looking at this recent range we kind of expanded from, just like I'm drawing those ranges on the daily, that's more for a...
just a narrative and a bias. We can use the same techniques on the lower timeframes to get entries and also to find points of institutional order flow. So here we have a breaker block. I would call it regular an order block, but we have this wick that came down, completely swept up all that liquidity. But it's not to say you couldn't get an entry here. The way I would play it though would be different. I wouldn't play limits. I would set an alert, right?
On the body of the candle, I'm going to be stingy with it. Set an alert, just put breaker or whatever you want to put. But I would look for low time frame accumulation here. And to be honest, here in a second, I'll scan in on like the 15 minute and maybe find a better POI. Now, we have expanded out of this range that I've drawn. We broke structure here. Seems as if we came up and tapped this breaker, right?
We really tapped into the displacement, which the displacement was also equilibrium, right? We have this. Let me get rid of this so you can see what I'm trying to show you. The displacement is the distance between the closest wick and the top of this candle, right? That's your displacement, right? So at the end of that, that displacement also happened to be equilibrium of this water block. So whenever I see confluence, it's actually a little lower than equilibrium.
But you get the gist. Whenever I see that form of confluence on a level, it's usually going to be pretty strong. Also, on the lower time frames, if you look at this, just like we were looking at the high time frame narrative in those major highs, we have these highs right here, right? What happened after, I guess, you could really say all of this up here, both these highs. But what happened after that?
right? We had a major break of structure on these lower timeframes, right? Because remember, market structure is market structure. If I'm on the five minute, I'm going to have different market structure than the daily. So in this range up here, right? What happened after this came down, bled, broke structure, right? Major structure right there. So what does that create? A stronger high. I will say, are these equal though?
I will say they are equal. So that can play against it being a stronger high. But what you want to watch out for with that is more induced liquidity, right? Because when we're under this breaker, yes, it's equal highs. That's usually a reason to look for longs or a target for longs, I should say. Not really a reason to look for longs. But does that mean that, you know.
If we break structure, are we going higher? Not necessarily. What I would almost look for here is a rush to the upside, low timeframe distribution, aka manipulation of highs, inducing liquidity from retail investors for whales to dump, right? And then what? Okay. Remember, let's go back to the four. Let's backtrack a little bit. So we have this breaker block right around equilibrium, right?
It's not necessarily in discount though. It is sitting on equilibrium, but it's not in discount and it has been tapped into. So you have to take that into consideration because when you're trying to play a return to origin, right, whether it's an order block or maybe you're playing a fair value gap, you always want to look for an entry in discount, right? Because like we said before, if you're looking to buy, you're going to do it in discount. If you're looking to sell, you're probably going to do it at a premium.
right so that being said this order block our breaker block is is in premium so i'm going to scale in i'm going to go to the one hour and i might even find a new range i'm just going to take a peek i'm going to go ahead and go all the way down to the fifth yeah 15 minute and let's see looks like we had some volume going to the market right here
You know, I mean really this wick cleared out a lot of stuff if I had to choose though It would be this candle right here right why this was the last down candle before Not only do we run up in price, but you see here volume began to ramp up
And that's a better level because we are indeed under equilibrium. Now, again, I'm not going to play limits on this because it is a breaker, right? And breakers are still demand. You know, you're still going to have demand there. I would almost mark up this entire zone that we have right here as demand, but that's too big of a zone to play, right? This whole section right here is way too big of a zone. So I'm going to set an alarm there.
But I'm also going to go back and I'm going to set an alarm on the 15-minute right here. And I'm going to label a 15-minute breaker. And this is kind of the way you should play these setups because, yes, you're playing a continuation. So theoretically, if you get the correct structure, it'll be a higher probability entry. But you can't forget that daily narrative, right? So that being said...
Probably about it for Bitcoin and Ethereum where we're at. I like Ethereum better, but both of them need higher highs badly. We need to see that because all these pumps, they're great, but you really need that.
I will say that I think a lot of layer one alts, they're seeing better pumps than any of these majors are, and they're holding them better a lot of the time. Now, if we see a huge drop in Bitcoin and Ethereum, you're going to see that reflect the entire market. But keep an eye on the projects that build, no matter what's going on in the market. Keep an eye on valuable layer ones. I guess you can call them blue chips like AVAX, Cardano. Don't hate me for saying it, but they have a lot going on right now. Cosmos, DOT.
ksm all of those are are we're in ksm already but um so speaking of that was the next thing i want to do is go ahead and review algo and um ksm oh we're in a little bit more
So Algo, pretty simple setup, right? The high timeframe, we had a bullish shark. D point didn't really go as deep as a shark can go. You can get a full 113% retracement of XA. We have 100%.
We did see this nice type one reaction. It's important to de-risk yourself. And at least once you hit one-to-one, and one-to-one being you went in profits as far as your stop losses away from your entry, it's important to de-risk yourself. And always be mindful of the rest of the market. Now, I think that this still looks great.
With this type 1 reaction, yes, we have a very explosive move, 12% on equity. For anybody playing leverage, that's 120% gain on 10x. I know some of you guys are playing it on probably 50x. I know some people posted it earlier.
That being said, you want to make sure you are still responsible. You still keep the same policies and you trim. That's why I alerted you guys earlier that we were up. Yeah, we haven't hit this first profit target, but you know, that's still a nice gain for just a couple of days. So yeah, really with Algo, we had these lows get swept up similar to what I was trying to show you guys on Bitcoin and Ethereum, right? We had these summer lows right back here. All this was obvious liquidity. Then it got swept barely.
right but it did so that's something to keep your uh you know keep your eyes on i like algo as well just fundamentally and it's obviously been beaten down i know i had to exploit their network so that caused a flush to the downside those are all in my opinion trade opportunities when stuff like that happens if it's a project of value next one i'll go over is ksm
Also the same setup, right? This one gave us some better gains. Another shark, we got a deeper retracement, which leads to a higher probability setup. But also with this, we had a return to origin all the way back to this zone, right? We've went over that already. I know for you guys that aren't in Discord, we haven't, but I'm not going to spend too much time in it. Basically, we were playing a return to origin, just like we were talking about with Bitcoin and Ethereum, down to a four-hour zone in this WIC, or maybe in a one-hour zone.
But so this one had a little more confluence. Right. We played the reaction off of that return to origin, swept out really all flows from 2021, really. And then the completion of the harmonic structure. Right. So that being said, did see some.
Higher gains on this 24% equity. I have high hopes for KSM. Like I said, Polkadot has a lot of stuff going fundamentally for it. And KSM is basically almost like a test net. Not really a test net, but it's an on-ramp for developers wanting to build on Polkadot. So they move hand in hand. There's a lot of stuff going on. This one I have pretty high hopes for as well. And once you...
you know in profits this much you can handle the rest of the market tanking you know because you've taken profits you're for one you're high in profits you know you know you can dump a good amount and still be in profits or be at a relative uh you know relatively close level to your entry but just review the entrance super simple like a lot of people probably think it's like you know i mean i don't mean to make it sound like
If you don't know how to do this, that's fine. But once you know how to spot these structures, it's very simple. You don't see any indicators on my chart. I'm not sitting here using RSI and algos and all this shit. It's simple price action. I don't want to touch on his IMX. Absolutely crazy. This play was more of a fundamental play. Let me get a cleaner feed.
It's more of a fundamental play based off of rumors that Coinbase NFT marketplace is going to use Immutable, which is IMX, for the network. What it is is a layer two zero knowledge roll up, just like Matic. Basically, it wraps a bunch of transactions on Ethereum into one. And the only difference between it and Matic is it has 9000 transactions per second and zero gas fees. It's not as established as Matic, though.
I like playing when it comes to equity, I like playing hyper growth along with some blue chips. But you got to you got to have some of those lower cap coins, especially ones like this that have been beaten down so hard from from all time high.
The rumor of the Coinbase NFT marketplace using Immutable holds more merit to me is back in November when IMX ICO'd, it had more, it sold out quicker than Solana did, which to me would indicate insider knowledge, maybe the fact that Coinbase was in talks with them. And guess who else was one of their biggest seed investors? Coinbase Ventures. So a lot of stuff points to that.
We got into this one actually in this range here. Let me go. I think it's on the hourly if I have to. Maybe not. I know it was 148.4. I have it ingrained in my head.
a um mark but it was 1484 so i know we got in here and we were in the trenches there for a little bit i had people dm me and was like dude like should we be holding this that you know but whenever you're buying something fundamentally especially when you're averaging into it you got to be ready for those moves to the downside now i can't say i expected you know it was a pretty heavy move you know it was down 25 that's not gonna look too great on your court but
Obviously, we recovered up 60%. And if you understand the concept of lows being manipulated, right, you can clearly see time and time again, right here, lows cleared out, right here, lows cleared out.
It's just manipulation. It works too, because what happens? People get tripped out and they sell their position. And then what? Now they're crying because we're up 60%. That being said, I will say, I think that it is time for a little bit of a retracement. We came up into this daily supply zone. We mitigated this order block right off of equilibrium. Price is reacting just like it should. But now we have some pretty big gaps. I mean, just on the daily, at a first glance, you have a fair value gap. It's pretty big.
um you know midpoint of that would be around a dollar 78 still way above our entry but you know that's why i ordered everybody to take some profits up here um
So, that's really about it for ALGO, KSM, and IMX. Another coin, before I have you guys tell me some coins to look at, that I wanted to look at was AVAX. I was looking at AVAX on the 4-hour, and we'll go into, we'll do a top-down analysis. I'll start from the top. I'm going to leave what I have marked up, though, except this range. You know, with AVAX,
you see more of a bullish narrative. Why? Well, the initial auto rally high, it's already been broken for one, but the initial auto rally high,
to this low, you don't see price really hanging out in discount much, right? Why? Because it seems as if the market makers are still bullish on this token, right? AVAX is super strong. I'll even move this up here. AVAX is super strong. You know, you can look at it through the last crash. It was very beaten down. But ever since then, I mean, it's been nothing but up, right? It saw one of the hugest runs that we've seen.
along with Solana after last summer's crash. And fundamentally, the project's extremely sound. Looking at this daily range we're in, we dip into equilibrium. What happens? Tons of low timeframe trade opportunities come up. We get a break of structure, right? We come back down, high or low, and then we make a higher high. This is what you want to see, right? So on this coin, I would be more inclined to look for longs.
So, if I'm on the 4-hour, the 4-hour zone I'm going to draw is going to be a little different than this major zone that we have on the daily. Why? Well, if I'm looking at the 4-hour, I'm playing continuations, I'm probably going to have a little bit more of a precise depiction of what's going on if I play off the 4-hour time frame. You've got to trade the time frame that you're using.
On the floor, we have this order block sitting right on top of equilibrium. So that's going to give us clear demand, right? If you go to a daily timeframe, the fair value gap, actually it's on a four hour as well. The fair value gap was tapped, right?
Got a higher high here, but I think this is lower time frame distribution. And even if it's not, I'm not going to play this, right? Maybe if you cut the fair value gap, yes, but we've fully extended from that. I don't think that it's going to hold up. You know, $90 was a really strong level for AVAX. And then if you look at this 15 minute, I mean, this screams distribution in my opinion. Now I'm not going to short it either, but what I'm going to do is I'm going to look for a retracement where.
back to equilibrium, back to a fair market value. Now we have broken structure here. So that would lead me to believe that we're going to expand into a new range, right? We got our high and then our higher high. Now normal profit taking. Here's your retail longs played up here. This is why you don't buy the tops of ranges. Why? Because you're literally becoming induced unwilling liquidity. Get in here. Whales push price up. What happens?
they sell to you. You become their exit liquidity, right? So, you know, how do we play this? Well, on the four hour, I've seen this clear demand zone in this form, this order block. So from here, I'm going to scale into the one hour and see if I can't find maybe a better zone that is below equilibrium.
So I'm going to go ahead. I'm going to throw a line at 77.61. That's equilibrium. Just to keep that on my screen. And I'm going to get rid of this zone just so I can draw another one. And it's not confusing, you guys and me. So looking at this zone all the way down here, I'm going to draw a new fib, right? Okay. You can draw it one of two ways. Here.
I like this a little better, and I'll tell you why in a second. You can draw it here or here. So the reason I like this zone better is, remember, we're playing off of a higher time frame narrative, and we're just looking at something where, something under 7761, because that's really the range that we got this bias from.
right? So yes, it is not in discount of the one hour range, but I'm not playing the one hour range. I'm just using it to find an entry. So from here, this candle is going to be really my point of interest. The top of this is what, 74.22. So, and also you have more price displacement here, even on the one hour, right? You have a fair value gap right there, right? All the more reason for us to come lower.
So, you know, how would I play this, right? Okay, very simple. I'm going to set limit orders right here, and I'm going to have a stop under this major low, right? Actually, probably under this major low, depending on where my profit targets are. So let's go ahead and just plot this out, because we want to make sure, before we set it, we want to make sure we have a good risk to reward, right? Like, where is our profit target? Is it worth even having a stop loss that large, right?
So after we break structure here, that's going to lead me to look for higher timeframe mitigation zones. So I'm going to look at the daylight, I'm going to look at the four hour, see if I can't find maybe an order block, right? Or maybe equal highs. I don't see an equal highs. I see this order block right here. Hasn't been tapped into, got pretty close. It also is lining up with this full extension of this range, right?
So that could be point of interest, possibly a profit target. I'm going to mark that there. Not really seeing equal highs. That's the only thing that I don't like. I wish I had some clear highs. I mean, we have the major high. Once price, this would obviously be a target if we break that. Once price...
moves this far into premium and break structure, we're looking at a return down to equilibrium, right? If we get the nice dynamic reaction we're looking for, then we're going to look for a couple of different things. Major clean highs, like this one right here, order blocks, equal highs, and fair value gaps.
I don't really see any fair value gaps. I don't really see any equal highs. I do see an order block, and I do see a clean high. Not the best setups. It looks like these highs were cleared out, so they're not equal. Now, what I'm going to do here...
plot this out i mean that's still good risk to reward for me right especially if you put it to the top but i would be heavily heavily scaling out of this at that first profit target and i'm sure that the market will give more data and more exits as a structure moves forward so um let's go back to this one hour all right sorry about that um the internet went in and out that's always fucking fun now um
Back to where we were at before I got rudely interrupted by fucking AT&T. Oh, we were talking about these lows. Now, we have this major low down here. Really what I'm looking for here is any clear stop losses because, you know, as I'm playing liquidity, I don't want to become liquidity. I don't want to get my stops hunted. That's not how I want to do this, right? I am seeing some equal lows here, to be honest.
So let's see. I mean, you know, really with this, I'm not going to set stops this far because if they go this far, we're going to get swept down here anyways. Right. And this to me is too far of a stop. It's actually not as bad as I thought. I thought that'd be much worse. But nevertheless, if I'm playing a continuation, I'm expecting price to remain pretty strong. So I'm going to play the low.
of the range right here, right? The previous range before this reaccumulation, right? So how I'm going to do that is I'm just going to anchor it to this level and I'm going to add probably a good 20 to 50 pips depending on how they measure pips with AVAX. So I would go ahead and just make these stops. Let's see, what was it? 624. I would go ahead and hit 674 around there.
So that still leaves us a pretty nice risk to reward. You don't need to go high leverage on this play. It's plenty moves right there, especially some of you guys playing 50x. 50x with a 9% stop loss is not always fun. So here, let's make sure this entry is exactly right. What is that? 74.22, right?
Let's go back to the four hour. And this is really important to you. I know a lot of people don't really anchor. When you're holding control, when you're using these tools, you're not anchoring your cursor to the actual wicks and bodies. If you're trading the way I trade or really anyway, you should be doing that because at the end of the game or at the end of the day, we're playing a numbers game. So as the market gives us more structure, right?
I'm going to have more profit targets. I'm going to leave this here. It's equilibrium of the higher timeframe range. So that's going to be a profit target for me. Also, I'm going to pay attention. One thing I always recommend, pay attention to weekly lows and weekly highs. We're not really going to have that in this setup. It looks like we already are going to have these marked up because that was the major high we have right here. I guess this order block actually.
You know, here, what I would do, and it's just because I'm not greedy, some people disagree. Instead of leaving the profit target here, I'm going to move it down to this high. That's fine with me. It's a level that could shoot you down from hitting this, and it's never fun to get that close to an exit and, you know, get left in the dirt. So that pretty much wraps it up on this one. Let me go ahead and screenshot.
If X is super strong, so I love playing this coin. So, okay. Now that I've got that out of the way, that was really main stuff I wanted to touch on. So let's see. Let's see some of these requests. I appreciate it. Blessings to you guys too. Let's see. IMX. I don't know if you asked for a good re-entry.
I'd say a good re-entry on IMX. I would go back down to that level. I think we did on the other chart. It would be the first point of reference I would begin. I would look at this daily fair value gap, $1.80 right there. From there, I'm going to go straight on the four hour and see if I can find any other levels at or around this area. Not really much there, one hour.
Okay, you've got a potential order block here. I'm going to just mark this up. Not necessarily catching too much interest just yet. Let's see. Actually, that might end up being a re-entry. So let's go to 15-minute. You've got a 15-minute order block right at a fair value gap equilibrium. That could be another point of interest. Now, and I'm assuming you're talking about equity.
This would probably be something I would consider, you know, averaging into both of these positions. Really, this 15-minute order block right here would have more relevance to me just because its equilibrium lies right on equilibrium of the fair value gap. But you do have that one-hour order block that is in discount of the fair value gap. And also, if we're going to draw a daily time frame.
And you got to remember this too. So just because, you know, I know that you kind of missed out of it. Oh, look at that, right? Equilibrium of the entire daily range is right on that 15 minute.
And also that one hour is just below it. So really either of these could be a great reentry, 182, 1827 or 1747. Now the stop loss in this might be pretty gnarly because you got to expect the way we've been moving, you know, so you're going to have a pretty, you know, the price has been moving fast to the upside. So it'll move to the downside if in the same manner.
Here, I would make sure there's no obvious liquidity. And I see some people playing equal highs, and they'll play equal highs or lows that really aren't equal. Like, for instance, that's cleared out. That's not equal, right? I know that's the smallest bit, but what you're playing is stop hunting. And if it reacts this much, I mean, that's extremely bullish, right? Those stops got swept, I mean, immediate, immediate, you know.
Rush to the upside, confirm that break of structure. So that being said, I don't really see any clear equal lows below. Maybe in this range. I would be hesitant to use anything in this range. It's not because you've got obvious liquidity right there. That's probably going to get swept.
or could get swept and you would still have a bullish narrative. So really stop loss would be down here at $1.45. And I mean, good God, that's pretty far considering, I mean, if you're playing.
That's not, that's 20%. I mean, an equity, it's not the most low risk trade, but you just got to size your position. Like that 20% hitting should be the same to you if it was a 5% stop loss. Like you have to size your positions to where no matter what, you still lose the same amount every time, right? If the stop loss is 10% away or if it's 50% away because your standard deviation of the move you're going to be playing.
to the upside is also going to be that far away, right? So if you're playing a play that has a 50% stop loss, you can also put less in that play and see the same gains as if you were to put more into a play that had a smaller move. I hope that made sense. I know it's kind of a confusing way to explain it, but here though, you know, I would probably,
I mean, you are coming down into discount, right? They are valid levels. Price definitely seems to be bullish. I would almost be more comfortable though. I would tell you, I would 100% play it if we had a broke structure here. And we still have time to do that. Now, if you come up here, clear out this major high right here, and then you're just playing a return to origin on the daily frame, which is one of my favorite setups. So before I just went gung-ho and set limits for this, what I would do is set levels.
at those uh or set alerts at those levels and watch for low time frame accumulation watch for price to come down at that level and reverse clearing the strong highs of that range right because you have an extremely strong high up here right you have um a high that sent you down to the trenches right right there that's going to be hard to get above if you get above it extreme permable right
If you break above this, I mean, you're most likely looking at, just looking at a daily, I would probably say you're going to come up and clear this high, or at least test it. I mean, that's a huge fucking move. But not before you dip back down into equilibrium, sweep up that liquidity that is needed in order to push the market up. ApeCoin. Honestly, I kind of want to fucking look at ApeCoin. I've literally just not even looked at it. I don't think any of them. Yep, a whole lot of data here.
Okay, that's not going to work either. I mean, I'm just going to go straight to a 15 minute. I mean, I'll tell you, it looks better than it does bad, but also lackluster momentum. I think this is still finding its true intrinsic value. I mean, it was an airdrop token. It flew from, I don't even know where the fuck I went. I don't want to quote the wrong numbers, but it went from...
I know $4 or something was what the deck's offering. We all know it went insane, right? So what I'm getting at is you need a little more time for it to find its true value, find where whales are really going to put in bids. Because right now you just have a bunch of fucking Borde maxis that are just preaching it's going to the moon. Really, this is the range you're seeming to establish, right? Here is just distribution, manipulation of highs. You're getting those rounded tops, right? Flush to the downside.
Right. More of that on the low timeframes flush to the downside. Same thing. But now we hit this low and we did what? We broke structure. Right. So we're starting to move sideways. We did what over here. Right. And this is funny. This is actually working on this coin. Let's go to a five minute because we don't have much data here. So here, let's go ahead and delete this. So here we broke structure here. Right. Where did that move really originate? I would say.
No, actually, I would still draw it around here. So, you know, you didn't come down and get a perfect return to origin. Maybe it was from this range. Let's just try this. Yeah, that's actually probably what happened. So the same thing we're looking at from this range, we broke structure, returned down to origin, right, of the price, the shift in price structure. Because remember, this is your major strong low.
You swept up liquidity here. It's funny. I'm doing this on APE token, but the truth is right in front of you. Broke structure, return to origin of this move, which is going to be an equilibrium of this price range at or around. We swept up that liquidity, returned to origin of the move, expanded more to the upside, respecting these extensions to a point. And now what? We came back down, returned to origin.
Right. We found a base on this demand right here. All of this right here would be demand. And did what? More breaks of structure. And now what? Came back down. You got your break of structure again. Right. Here's your trading range. Came back down. Hit that demand. Didn't want to stay in discount long. Break of structure. Return to origin. Right. Because obviously we did expand from equilibrium. Nice reaction there. If you got the one minute.
Forgive me for ATA in the one minute, but you're still seeing the same concept. You're seeing these lows get cleared out. And then what? Price is moving to the upside. Now, nothing's really confirmed just yet. In order to see a continuation, I would look for a break of this high up here. This is going to be the next high to beat. But the true high to beat is over here at...
like 12 bucks. So you got a little ways before you're out of the woods. Now, with that being said, if you're bullish on Ape, I'm sitting this one out for right now. To be honest, you will probably make money. Oh, Coinbase has more data. I've just not seen this. Just type in fucking Coinbase. Oh yeah. Wow. It's way better. I mean, this actually looks pretty good.
this is what i thought it was like i thought it was four dollars yeah i mean regardless uh the macros still remain this is the high to beat you are in discount here um so you know theoretically it would be rational look for longs um once the high time frame narrative has shifted we don't even have a high time frame narrative so at this point you're just playing intraday pattern scalping or buying fundamentally i would say most likely buying fundamentally just based off of
what a point is. Um, but yeah, I mean, it looks better than bad. I will say that like this, we're seeing accumulation, right? We're seeing, you know, let's just, uh, just out of curiosity, let's just draw a fractal, right? I'm going to copy this. I'm just going to go to Bitcoin. I'm just, this is totally just curiosity. I'm going to find, let's do like a 30 minute, maybe a one hour. Let's see.
Maybe I need a 15-minute after all. All right, we have similar structure here. You may not see the same way I do. What I'm seeing is just the numerous lows getting cleared out, right? We have this spring. Bitcoin's a little stronger than ApeToken, but you're having that same price action. So Roundup Ape.
You are still in discount. It would be viable to look for longs if you're bullish. Personally, I would wait for a break of structure here and play return to origin. Much higher probability setup. Now I'm going to stay on here for a little bit. I know you said SRM is the next one. Just do USDT. Okay, so SRM, I'm just going to do it from the top down. First of all, I'm curious if this is a harmonic on the weekly.
No, it's too much of a B-point retracement. I'm going to go to 3D just because it's a lot of data. I want to get more on my screen. First off, select this. Once we get down into these levels, I'm going to look for...
areas in an old range. So here, this was obviously a range of high relevance. This is really before SRM did much, expanded right off equilibrium into the fucking heavens. But we have this price range with equilibrium that hasn't necessarily been tapped. We do have demand in the form of daily order blocks here.
really you could draw all of this but to me you know okay what is this a fucking let's see a 40 demand zone yeah i'm personally good on playing that now obviously if you did you won yeah i get it whatever but and you do have this nice shift in structure right you broke structure here um but you have already mitigated here seems like maybe not actually
I'm on a three-day, so I'll give this another look on a lower timeframe. But what I want to do is I'm going to just draw kind of this zone right here just for reference. I'm going to go all the way back on a four-hour automatically because I just want to look at this range. Whenever you're in doubt and you're coming down into this price discovery for the recent areas, you're going to want to look left.
Not really much. This is kind of just, yeah, I'm not really messing with that. But I will say you have nice accumulation here. So I'm going to actually go ahead, get rid of that range. I would say here is your, why is this not wanting to cooperate? There we go. So you have this breaker, right? Because we've already swept back down into it. So it is a breaker. I'm just going to throw a line on the top of it.
You have that right in your equilibrium. Really, this is, you know, you've also got, I mean, you could say demand down here in an order block. You could, it's arguable, but I'm going to mark both of those zones. I'm going to go ahead and go to the daily. We were on the three day before. Didn't really tap into any of that, right? Now, I do like this structure, right? We started to see that rounded bottom. We're coming out under all lows in 2021, right?
um actually not all that's another reason we might go down got some obvious liquidity right there all right and this is um oh we did sweep that actually okay never mind we did sweep that we saw a nice reaction off that we got a break of structure um i'm sure on some feet it may have cleared into this uh supply depending on how you draw it it definitely did
Now, definitely saw displacement moving away from this mitigation zone. So with that being said, I would probably wait on this one. I know that we flew. I wouldn't really short this or long end at this time.
I would look for these kind of levels down here. This is where I would become a buyer in SRM. Now, we'd need a break of structure, and this is going to be a strong low. The same reason we've been going over all stream. Why is that a strong low? Because price made an impulsive move away from it and broke structure.
So it's going to be a tough one. Now, if you break that, you know, you could probably look for a move down to one of these levels almost for sure. So I would wait on this one personally. Once we get close to these old ranges of mitigation zones, I'm just going to wait until either it touches it or this could go to new all-time highs and I'd miss it and wouldn't care because you trade your policy and you don't change it. And that's how you stay successful in this. SXP.
Okay, so this is actually coming down into that demand. Where did I get this? Maybe from a three-day as well? Yep. This is a similar setup, to be honest, as SRM. Very similar, actually, except it's a little more lackluster. You've got to break a structure, but you're not seeing that expansive reaction like you did with SRM. You have this old zone. I actually like this a little bit more.
And you have this level in equilibrium or in discount. I'm sorry, not in equilibrium. I'll put the highs over here because you saw that impulsive move to the downside. Now, it came down at a discount. It doesn't want to stay there long. It's reaching. You're accumulating. I'm cleaning out lows right on the daily. I actually like this better than, much better than SRM.
Now, I'd probably chill on it where we're at. Even though, maybe if you caught this, you're up, obviously. You could have stops under this range. Now, where we're at now, I'd probably wait for some more sideways movement. We're going to draw a new range, because remember, if we're looking for entries, we're going to take everything into our perspective. Haven't really broke out yet. You are in premium of the recent zone.
You don't really have many equal lows to look for as far as a reason to go to the downside. I don't know what the fuck this is. But you are getting that rounded top, right?
What I would look for is, actually, it looks like you've got some equals. I would say, actually, this is where you start to see price structure shift. So you have this kind of ascending wedge, but then it just kept running. How does that happen? Well, this is usually the start of distribution. Why? Because the market makers are wanting to push price to offer to late longs as exit liquidity. And I'll tell you right fucking now, that's what that was. So I would cool it on this one, personally.
In premium, obvious manipulation of highs. Some people say, oh, it's a break of structure. That's just a supply rate. Came up right off equilibrium of that. Four-hour order block.
huge displacement off of I mean that's obvious obvious you know look at the volume the bears are in the building right there right that was people getting absolutely wrecked so here I would look for what zone we had the most volume from and maybe a return to origin of that zone you know looking at it from a Wyckoff perspective you could say we're gonna test
This low is where you could look and guess what that also comes to like I said Where did we have the most volume in this zone? So let's go to a 15 minute and we can scale in here This would be your price range and you have what order box sitting right on I would just consider this whole zone a demand zone So I would just draw the entire zone. Some people say I'm being a little too broad, but I mean come on
If you're micro scalping or something, yeah, I guess. But you also have displacement going on here between these levels. So I would just, I would wait to be a buyer until you were down in that zone, right? This would be the most sensible zone to take longs on SXP. And it would be a very good entry, right? And why? Because, well, for one, your risk reward is extremely low, right? You can set your risk right here is, I mean, literally.
you say you get on the top of this zone, you have a 9% stop. If you're to remain bullish, you'd be looking for clearing out the major highs of this range. If you see a bullish reaction off of that spring, you could at least look for the equal highs that market provides you on the way up. This clean high itself, that would be where you'd be looking. Why? Because prices dip back down under equilibrium. Where is it going to head? It's going to head to order blocks, fair value gaps.
and clean and equal highs. Again, personally, I probably wouldn't be playing this just because I think SXP has had some of its better days. I could be wrong, but that's just my opinion. So Aave. Aave, we had some fundamental bullish.
Pumped the other day off of the V3 protocol. Now, I'm not sure exactly what they improved or fixed with V3. I haven't really done my research on it, but obviously we saw a huge pump. Ethereum DeFi in general kind of dumped when...
I can't ever remember his fucking name, but the one of the devs from Phantom, he was one of the main devs or the founder or whatever. He caused him leaving crypto in general, which is the second time he's quote left, caused CRV, Aave, YFI, Phantom, especially Phantom to dump. So we are also in we're due for that form of relief pump. Right. It has more data. So.
With Aave, we have this zone. Why don't I mark this up? Let's see. I think we did this other day. I think this was the only zone that I could find for some reason. Had to be a reason I marked it up. Maybe I was just looking in the zone because this doesn't look too great to me. I'm just going to do this from the top. So in the daily...
I don't like that we didn't clear that low out. Price is not really having trouble staying in discount here. Yeah, we pumped, right? I mean, but it's expected whenever you have fundamental bullish news. We didn't really react too nicely to this zone. We might see one more push to the upside. Lower timeframes looking more like distribution. We're seeing these pushes of the upside, higher highs. We're breaking down. We have that sign of weakness.
Right. So this at one time strong low, right? Because remember, what happened from this swing low? We cleared out the range. So that should be a strong low unless the market maker's intent is to move the price to the downside. Right. So then what? We come down. We have that sign of weakness. Come up. Seems like we just mitigated somewhere. Yep.
We mitigate right off equilibrium to the downside. We don't break structure because price didn't move that far down. So what is it going to do? It's going to rally to where more orders are. We came back up into the supply. And really, this would have been an entry for shorts if you're going to short. Why? Because it was the reaction break of a strong low. So we broke the strong low. And then what we reacted came up back into the supply zone. This is where you would have played shorts. Really, you would have played them here, stops above.
uh targets would be clear which would be the major low right there and any equal lows down below i don't really see any um that are too obvious i wouldn't probably necessarily short are they right now i'm just kind of giving you guys context of of why the short would make sense um and then you have you definitely got some equal lows down here very clear and equal lows right there um yeah i mean
honestly this looks pretty nice it's a short i'm not even gonna lie you know i might play this actually no i'm not um i'm not going to simply because we are not in premium on the daily range and if i'm going to short crypto it's going to be for damn sure a high probability setup and i don't really deem this as that just yet you could all you could rush liquidity all the way up to here i'm actually going to set some limits
Not really much displacement here. If this WIC wasn't here, I would actually sell limits for this WIC. That being said, I'm going to set some, not limits, but alerts right here. Daily negation. And that would give us, you could even clear this high. And depending on the way price reacts, this would give you a better setup for a short, right? Because why? You're in premium. Remember we sell at premium and we buy in discount. We don't do the opposite.
I promise you that simple strategy will save you a ton of money and will also build your confidence because you'll have more conviction to trade what you're trading because you have a strict policy. QNT, this is going to be the last one I go over. We're already in QNT still.
We caught, I mean, this was a beautiful play. And I was talking about this, why I think we're going to continue, right? For one, usually with sharks or bats, I almost always see a 50% retracement of CD, right? Really, let's redraw this because...
really reacted different than i i had originally plotted so now cd we have also some highs up here so 216 i mean that's still a super long ways away i mean just this it may not look crazy but we got 60 gain actually more than 60 off just that leg on price right so of course price had to retrace right i'm gonna hide this for a second just to make things a little easier to visualize
So, we had that expansive move in price, and we accumulated on that level. Now, we came down, we cleared out lows here, moved to the upside. So, this range is obviously going to hold relevance. Why is this not wanting to put my level down here? There we go.
So here if you have you have this four-hour order block right here that we tapped into but I would rather go to a one-hour probably to see what level we reacted from and Just looking at this a naked eye if you have an eye for you'll be able to tell I mean look at that right right off this one hour demand zone and then what Breaks the structure to the upside Nothing major yet. I don't think let's see maybe we have recently
Nope, nothing major really. You want to clear out this. This would be the high to beat at 137.97. Once you break that, I'm looking for a continuation and higher highs. But for now, we're kind of just accumulating. Here we have that return to origin set up here to that one hour demand and four hour demand. And now the market is building up orders.
based off of this zone. So if you want to draw this, right, price is coming back down into discount and getting swept back up. We have some equal highs above, more reason for us to go to the upside. Overall, we're looking pretty good. Now, if you were to draw this price range down here, right, let's go in the 15 minutes so you can get a clearer view.
Really, this was kind of your blow-off top from the previous range. Came back down, set your high for the range, drop down. Looks like you left another order block right on that old level. That may be a level to watch. Nevertheless, though, we're staying right on equilibrium in this zone. And if we dip below it, we see moves to the upside followed by a breakup structure. And just bullish price structure over and over again.
I like this setup still. A lot of people think, oh, yeah, we got that 60% pump. I'll unhide that long position. You know, oh.
Okay. You know, oh, it's over. You know, that's that. Everyone took full profits. And as you should have taken heavy profits, but to be honest, I mean, the play hasn't even really played out yet. If this was on a five-minute chart, you guys wouldn't have a problem holding it. So I still have pretty high hopes for this one. We already saw really good gains. I mean, 60% on equity, 65%. It's fucking ridiculous. But Quant also is a very fundamentally strong coin, and the chart's still looking good.
uh cheetos asked what's a one hour demand um so really just think of you know why is price what price is because of where there is supply and where there's demand right price is going to move to where there is one of those things and you can use different tools like order box how we've done the one hour to identify supply and demand right um so when i say one hour demand that's just that's just a level
where we can identify one hour demand. And what an order block is, I won't be able to give you a complete under the hood analysis on a stream. It'd be kind of hard to just do that really quickly, but I can give you a rundown. Basically, it's the last down candle before you have an explosive move to the upside that results in a break of structure. What's a break of structure? A break of market structure, as in a break of the high of the range. So we had this down candle, price did what?
move to the upside and broke structure. What this is, is smart money is inducing liquidity by prices reaching, I would actually say all of this. We'll just say, because if you're going to four hour.
It's going to be right there. Price reached an area of known resistance. So what did the market makers do? They induced a sell-off to create more liquidity before the last push to the upside because every buyer requires a seller, right? But yeah, I appreciate you guys too. For real, I appreciate you guys tuning in. As always, if you're in Playbit, just at me. If you need anything, if you're just on YouTube or Twitter or Twitch,
Drop something in the comments. Let me know some videos I can make for you guys, whatever would be valuable to you. So as always, I appreciate you guys. Just holler everyone over. Peace.
