Hey, what's up guys? For those of you that are watching the recorded version of this, you can go ahead and fast forward five minutes because I'm streaming live in the Discord server and I want to give everybody time to get in so that way you don't have to waste your time listening to Silence. What's up, what's up, Silent? How you doing? I'm interested to see you. It seems like the Friday streams have been growing recently somewhat. They're usually the least populated. Everybody's out doing their thing.
All right, what time? It's 7 and 4. I'll still give it another second. Sorry for the guys that are watching live. I kind of just give everybody a few to get in here from the Discord. Damn, I just rose my strip lights from my desk. I've been falling off. This thing's fucking Philips Hue, bro. Like 70 bucks for a freaking stream or for a...
a uh light strip and they don't even hang on to the table anyways 705 so i'll go ahead and get started um
Basically, for those of you who don't know what backtesting is, it's kind of just self-explanatory. We're just backtesting analysis and seeing how it worked. And we're kind of just gaining a better understanding of price and also just testing ourself. There's a couple of different ways of backtesting.
um trading view there's some servers like thinkorswim and then some other forex charting services have better ways to back test than trading view but i think going back and just drawing the ta and looking at it in hindsight isn't really going to do you much good because everybody can see where we bounce from the best way to do it is um
you know maybe let's just say pick us pick the thing pick a random spot on the chart and then you can't go too far back if you want to use the lower time frames which i'm not going to use the minutes in this like well i'll use a 15 minute but i'm not going to use a super low time frames for one it takes
TradingView, you can't take it too far back if you're going to do that because it only shows, I think the max is 20,000 bars on one back in time.
We're going to do Euro-dollar. I like the price action. Lately, it's been super crazy. But overall, I enjoy this price action. For those of you who don't trade Forex at all, it's okay. Price action is price action. Everything's going to work similarly across different asset classes as long as you're trading something that has institutional involvement. And with the style that I trade, smart money concepts.
I don't recommend you trade in markets where you can't identify institutional sponsorship. And what I mean by that is we don't want to trade very low cap. I'm personally not trading very low cap markets because I know there's not huge forces at play that I can capitalize off of trying to find their footprint. In my opinion, that stuff you just buy equity if you believe in it and whatever.
So I'm going to use EU. EU is kind of like, I guess you could think of it for those, for you crypto guys, like the Bitcoin of Forex. I mean, it just has the most volume through it. So we're going to start at a weekly. What is this? This is 2020. This is after the COVID insanity.
So always what we want to do, especially with Forex, is go on a monthly chart. Crypto, you don't really have that much data. I mean, you do, but it's insanity. So crypto, I usually go on a weekly. I mean, I do some monthly analysis. I know those of you who were here last night for the macro video, we went a ton over monthly charts on crypto. So I do use them, but not as much. But here we want to start at the monthly because we always want to do our top-down analysis and kind of identify.
where we're at and what's going on. So here I see a clear bullish trend, right? So we got that break of structure, oops, down here, right there. And yes, it closed under the thing. So for me, that's a break of structure, especially a monthly candle. So then we had a new swing range, which was right here. That was broken. So now we've got our high. So on a monthly chart,
We're looking at this from the perspective that the monthly is bullish, and we've came back down. After this break of structure, we got our pullback. How could that pullback have been seen? Change of character. Internal structure was taken. So then we look for price to retrace into a discount, which is under the 50% line of the range, swing range. And we look for POIs or areas of liquidity to be swept and rebalanced.
and demand be mitigated. So what do we see? The imbalance was met. And then this monthly order block right here, that was satisfied. I usually just use the bodies for these larger timeframes. That's where the institutional volume's at. So we can now frame our general macro idea. And remember, these are monthly candles. This range we're talking about is from 2017 to 2020, almost the end of 2020.
It's not like, you know, we're expecting to just go straight up from here, but we can identify these areas and be aware of them. Something you should also do is always mark your previous months low and high. You see it on people's charts as PML. I don't really mark them with text personally, just because I honestly, I just mark stuff to show people. I think that if you know what you're looking at, you don't need to.
really do that but whenever we're looking at this we need to be in mind that price seems to be drawing towards this previous monthly low we've also got an imbalance
down here. So, you know, I see a little bit of a reason for, you know, institutions to push price down a little bit. There's a lot of liquidity here, tons. And we know that when we have those draws on liquidity, price is going to move towards them. So we've established the monthly is bullish, came down and mitigated. We got our change of character. So we should, for the most part, expect up moves.
once we come down and rebalance this. And it doesn't have to get rebalanced. I need to make it where I can see these. So I'm going to go to the weekly now. So the weekly is telling me that, you know,
we've moved pretty violently away from an area. And on the weekly chart, we're also bullish, right? This break of structure, because what is an internal break of structure? Oftentimes on a lower timeframe, that's swing structure. And that's what we see here. That internal structure being broken in the monthly happened to be a weekly break of swing structure. Because here was our swing range. Before you broke the low. So then this was your high, highest point between the lows. Got a closure. Then we came up and took that high. So now the weekly is bullish.
When we look here, this weekly pullback, see where that low is, up here, if you want to be aggressive, right, depending on how you draw your internal structure, if you draw it like me, I look at it like we are taking the high, taking the high, taking the high, displacement, enter the market to where we didn't take the high.
Turn my inside bars on. It helps see that for those that aren't just seeing it. So to me, you know, we had a low here. Price came up. Failed to make a new high. Consolidation on lower time frames. Price pulled up. So we had a break of structure on the internal level of the weekly chart right there. So that would give me bias to possibly look for a down move. Now, we're not going to just take trades off this, but we are going to frame.
our perspective and trade in the context that this is a possibility we know that we have the previous monthly low right here weekly imbalances and we had that change of character one thing i do want to point out though we swept a lot of liquidity with these lows and rebalanced this weekly candle now at this point we're going to just kind of keep this in mind that we're looking at our weekly draw on liquidity
Price seems to want to make a swing low right here, right? Because we have a candle to the left that has a higher low and two to the right that have higher lows than it. So at that point, I would mark this as the weekly draw on liquidity personally. Let's see how this plays out. But I would look for this. We do have this down here, but I would think we're going to be drawn towards this because price is violently moving away from this area.
We've established we're bullish on the weekly. We did get a change of character. So we have to be aware that this weekly pullbacks could be beginning. And we're going to keep that in mind as we scale into these lower timeframes. So where can it pull back to? We can look at this flip zone down here. This whole zone, which we'll go down and refine.
That's right at equilibrium. A lot of liquidity be filled there. And we know that price had came up into this supply zone, created a new demand in the market, took out the supply. So we know this is going to be a high point of interest if price starts on that turn or on that tune. So the daily. When we look at the daily chart, we had a really kind of screwed up swing range here as well. But when we came up to this area, let me delete this.
I'll mark these just for the sake of those watching. That way everybody doesn't get confused. Our PML leads in a little bit. There's going to be an imbalance down here. Why is it not marking my boxes? So, daily chart.
Got a little bit of a different story because we know that we had that. This right here was our weekly change of character, right? Now, the initial wick for me wasn't a break of swing structure, but this ended up taking swing structure because I look at it like at first, you know, we had this massive range right here. And then until we broke this, came up, we had a pullback there. For me, this is enough for a daily pullback on EU.
Personally, it's like 200 pips. That's enough for me. So then we had a new low, new high. Came up, took the high. We can go ahead and move this to our point between these two old highs. Price comes up here, but we failed to take this high. That's extremely bearish. So I'm going to look back now too as well. I want to go back and see. We do have this monthly.
This is a weird one. We're looking at it from certain, I guess, more ICT logic. This would be a monthly order block right there. And just the wick is what I would use. I mean, you could use the whole cancer fucking massive zone, but the wick is where you really want to see a reaction on these higher timeframes. And this is more order block theory, not as much supply and demand. So those of you who are watching, you're probably like, oh, that doesn't make sense. But this is the way that on the monthly, I've seen to work better.
We have a reason to react from this zone. Got a weekly change of character in it. After a weekly break of structure, the daily has switched bearish. So, you know, overall, we're kind of going to be framing our trades around that. And we've built that narrative now. So we know our daily swing range. We have a week low that is also our previous monthlies low. The daily has pulled back into a premium.
right into this institutional candle, and we saw the imbalance was filled. This would have been our old daily draw on liquidity. We made an impulsive move away. We had an imbalance to fill along with supply. So we came up, filled that imbalance, price turned around nearly immediately, and we got our change of character. So now the daily's bearish. We got our change of character after coming into a premium. We can say that price is looking to
come down and target this weak low. So now we're getting more to where we're building a narrative that the weekly pullback is beginning. We have areas of liquidity that are drawing us towards those areas. The weekly draw on liquidity and the daily draw on liquidity to the upside was satisfied. The daily swing structure is bearish. And just going off market structure 101, we target weak lows because this low did not do its job and create a new high.
Got that. Change of character to tell us the pullback's probably over. So let's go to a four-hour chart. So looking here at the four-hour, you know, you had break of structure here. Looks like you got a closure right here. Actually, I can't tell. Let's use the tool so I can get a straight line. Now you didn't till over here. So then...
And this actually was close. This was our change of character on that daily. This actually wasn't the breakup swing structure, but it did get broken on that same impulsive move. So the four hour is pretty bearish. The daily is bearish. Everything's pretty bearish. The weekly internal structure is bearish. We're in that monthly order block.
We've had a really big rally. The previous monthly low is lurking down here below, which is also a daily week low. Seems like we are engineering some sell-side liquidity and inducing retail perception that this is support. So we got that sell-side liquidity being built. They're relatively equal lows. They're not perfect. So when we look at this four-hour swing, because we're going to spend most of our time, for me at least, when I'm framing trades, I'm going to spend most of my time on the four-hour, 15-minute, and the one-minute.
So four hour is where I'm going to kind of map my structure, my main swing structure, what I'm going to trade off of in the context of the higher timeframes. Now, if I just look at the four hour, yeah, we're bearish, but I wouldn't have as much confidence if I hadn't done my homework on the daily and the weekly chart and the monthly. And this is why I tell people.
In my opinion, you shouldn't be trading 50 different assets unless you're a fucking psychopath and you do this on 50 different assets. I have a hard time doing it on like 5 to 10 and keeping up with it and having that almost relationship with your idea of pricing the narrative.
So now the four hours bearish. Now we could say, you know, I want to wait for price to return up into this area all the way up on the premium because I see a nice POI right here. We've got this institutional candle, that fractal supply because we know those inside bars are going to be fractal supply. It's also the candle right before break of structure on an internal level right there. And we have a lot of displacement.
and highs front running the area. That's going to be those inducement highs, right? Now, I'm not married to the idea that price has to go up here. You know, whenever everything is kind of aligning, I'm going to watch all the POIs, preferably in a premium. But we have this much liquidity built up on the downside. I'm going to watch this zone. And if you take a loss here, you know, so be it. So now, at this point, you know, price came into a four-hour POI.
The four hour internal structure is pretty bearish. I mean, I guess some could argue that this was a change of character here. I'm saying everything's bearish. Swing structure is bearish. Daily swing structure is bearish. Daily internal structure is bearish. Weekly internal structure is bearish. If this is kind of a, you're not going to get that all the time. You know, especially those of you who trade crypto, it's like everything's kind of been real choppy recently. We're starting to get some signs.
of direction and more so than we have in a while. But here at this point, you know, my main entry model, as you guys know, if I'm trading pro trend or against a trend, I need that higher timeframe POI. I need my liquidity rate and I need the internal structure to shift bearish on that 15 minute if we're bearish in the four hour.
So it came up in this POI. Honestly, not as much as I would have liked. Like you did, it looks like you kind of rebalanced right there. That fair value gap got cleared. So I'll kind of take a mental note of that, that that occurred. Other than that, I would have looked for a little higher. You could refine this, relate this whole little buy to sell range, but it didn't really give you that.
We know that we're going to use these internal or inside bars as our structure, our internal structure. So right there, the best trade came in right there, and then you look for the supply that sponsored that. Now, what I like to do is just look for the candle before displacement, which you had right here. Now, if you're just a 15-minute trader, this was a very valid trade.
these stars have kind of aligned. The higher timeframes are bearish internally, swing structure, previous monthly low lurking. We've already went over it. I won't reiterate. But if you're a 15-minute trader, you could have traded right here. And I mean, I would have used this wick as a stop. Probably added five ticks.
nine pip stop not bad especially for this kind of trade because for me here i'd be looking to to swing this one personally now i would have went we can't go into the one minute but i would have waited for us to come up here and then get that confirmation on a lower time frame but we can't really do that here so you know what are my targets with this well we could just target just there that's a great trade and personally what i would do
I would target the imbalance because I'm not going to take all of it there. Remember, we're framing this around a much bigger narrative. The ultimate target is going to be this low down here. We can scale out and see other areas like the sell-side liquidity.
And me, personally, well, since I'm trimming here, I'm not going to. Usually, I would just take this low. But in this situation, I'm going to just target this low. So you've got three nice profit targets. I'm going to be out of the trade for most of my position by here.
You know, probably like 20 to 25% in the trade going down. If this even works. I don't know if this is even going to work. It could just get stopped out. But this is, I'm just going through my, what I would, you know, I'm trying to do this the best I can as the same I would do it in a live market. So at that point, you know, if you're watching here, we can see how price reacts.
So that came up, stopped you at a break even. So now we've got our other POI up here that I was talking about. It's okay. You know, you took the trade because we're going to be aggressive. All the timeframes are going together. So we took that trade. I wouldn't have trimmed just break even the stops.
So for me, it would have just been, you know, those trades are frustrating, but they provide something to learn. So, and this is where you want to really analyze and kind of keep a note of what happened here. And, you know, why? Oh, it's like, oh, well, you get married to the idea that this is the POI. We just build that narrative and we look at every area. Remember, like I said at the beginning, this inducement high, once you have that in that original area in a premium from where you sold off, that's where you're going to get those better opportunities.
But it's not against my style to take these opportunities. Because if you refine your risk forward. Now, this is just using the 15 minute. If I would have been training this in a live market, I would have been on a one minute. We can't do that because you won't show us that data. And the risk would have been refined. Our stop loss would have been much tighter. Probably had a different entry and all that. But we would have.
At that point, I might have taken off some if my wrist reward was much higher. I'm not just going to hold a trade, you know, if it was like 5 to 10 hour without trimming at all. But in this situation, you know, I wouldn't have just break even my stops.
So let's see how we react up here now. Because remember, you're still watching this. Now you've got even a bigger rate on liquidity. Because before, down here, we really only had a rate on liquidity on the lower time frames, which is fine to me. I want those equal highs RAND coming into the POI. We got all the triggers. So now let's establish the same thing.
up here. Let's see how it might not or might unfold. Let's just see how that, so we didn't get any kind of confirmation there. There was no reason to short there. So now we're starting to look at it like, okay, you know, maybe we're coming all the way back up in here, or, you know, maybe the four hour is going to shift bullish again, and we're going to continue the upside.
Because if the four-hour shift's bullish again, that's where you can kind of start to frame long ideas up into those weekly areas of supply. So let's just see how this price reacts in the 15-minute. You came up and filled the zone pretty aggressively. You know, you did get that change of character there. So at this point, you know, I would be on a one-minute seeing if you got a...
take a structure, the downside in that area, because this is pretty aggressive. Actually, hold on. This isn't drawn. This is a daily zone. We didn't refine. That's OK. So the zone is actually a little higher. So this is a pretty good zone. You've ran a ton of liquidity. All right. You still have that sell side liquidity sitting far below you. And now at this point, you want to kind of come out of the daily, though. And remember, OK, on the daily, I don't know why that wick looks so much higher than it does on the.
It doesn't even make sense. It's like way higher than the zone on the daily. But now we want to remember on the daily, now we've switched bullish again. So now you kind of have to be a little more selective with your trades, right? Because we don't have the daily internals, not bearish. It showed us that this pullback may not be all the way over, right? Or it could be a lip grab. We'll see. Who knows?
So at this point, kind of push above this zone. You run this liquidity right here. There's some relatively equal highs up here. So you ran that, got a closure above on the four hour. All right, because remember our old, our range, let me delete some of this. So we went over this. I think you guys got as much as you need. I don't want to have the chart all cluttered.
Now, in our four hour range, we got to break a structure here. So you have to be updating this the whole time because a lot of people, what they do is they get that first narrative and they get married to that and they just want to short forever, right? Which you could catch some counter trend shorts possibly up here. So now daily internal structure is bullish. Let's see if the weekly changed.
it did so at this point you know the shorts are kind of losing their value to me in my opinion as far as swinging them like down here it seems like price wants to go higher right like i was saying before we have to remember that weekly draw on liquidity is up here now to me that seems like what price wants to push at least towards or into this area so let's go to four hour what i would want at this zone is all time frames to shift bearish internally before i would look for a short
So let's see. It's so hard. I'm trying to keep it where it doesn't just go ahead of us. So at this point, this was our most recent low. So we got that internal change of character there.
I'm going to look at like, you know, from a practical, say a lot of people would say that this, they're going to use this supply zone. I mean, I don't see that because I see us as already mitigated that, you know, on a lower timeframe, we know that this is a fractal zone. So we had probably a lower timeframe occurrence of what we're seeing right now already play out, but that new supply was introduced here. And I know it's not an up candle, but I'm just looking at it from a practical manner of where the selling began. It's going to be in my opinion right here. So I want to see how I can.
do this where it's not there's a speed button god damn it well um but we came back in our zone um now kind of fickle price action because you got to change the character upside again on the four hour there so at this point you know i'm just gonna i'm gonna study this one okay if it lets me go to the 15th minute okay there we go
So at this point, I would, you know, that four hour switch bullish again. So this is a problem a lot of people have. Oh, if it's going to start being slow, it's going to take a little bit to explain this. Internet should be ridiculous.
The problem with this for me is, you know, the original reason we are looking to short or to frame a possible counter trend idea is we wanted the internal structure here shifted bearish. But now look what it's had to do. If it moves too far away from your zone, it had to shift bullish again.
in order to get back up there. So now it's kind of like you're getting in that area where you don't want to force anything, but I do want to study this and see how this played out. What I would want is that four hour to stay bearish to show me that four hour pullback is going to happen because now we're trading off the idea that price needs to come back into a premium, but we see it already happened, right?
So a lot of people get caught up in this and they'll just get married in that idea of this short one. Really, maybe the short is on the lower time frame. It played out too quick for what I would have liked for a counter trend trade. We came back down to this four hour institutional candle and it seems like we've introduced some new demand right there. We're gonna refine that on a lower time frame. I'm also gonna observe this price action here. But I'm sorry to those if the connection's bad or something. I don't know if it's my internet or if it's TradingView.
Real quick, intro. You guys are amazing. Hope you guys have a great weekend. I've had time running up a bag with you. Fuck yeah. Much love, Silwreck. Silwreck the goat. So, we got some fucking dope-ass mods. Like, Vasinga and Silwreck are cool as fuck. But, um, it's saying my service is bad. Like, I'm looking at Discord. It says my ping is fucking 690. I don't have my VPN on either.
I don't know why that would be a thing. I mean, it is storming pretty bad, but that shouldn't affect that. Well, anyways, hopefully this is good quality for you guys.
But here, you know, we're looking at a possible really counter trend short entry. I wouldn't want to force this, though. This is not something I'd probably be super interested in, but you could look at it like it's, you know, to play the 15 minute pullback. Because that one hour or that four hour fractal demand zone, you know, I would refine to this zone right here, just this whole little range, because that institutional candle, we've got kind of an ICT order block.
right there so it's all in that zone so what i would be waiting for here i would study price action i'm going to watch it here but i'm more interested in waiting for if price comes back down to this area to look for confirmation of a long turn on slow see how slow it actually is oh it's every five seconds that's way better or if it works
So possible counter trend trade entry, you know, the way you could look at this is just playing a 15 minute pullback. Because remember, the four hours bullish.
You are kind of coming up into this zone where you could see reversal. So that's why I want to study and see if it gives a great entry and maybe just kind of put that in the back of my mind to just watch how price reacts. And it's good for you to do this, especially pairs that you're trading, just to see their nature, I guess. Because yes, price action is price action, but you will see at times some pairs like to, like Bitcoin, we know Bitcoin.
It's just, it ranges a lot. It engineers a shitload of liquidity before it makes really big moves. It's very fickle. So we know we can expect that whenever we're trading Bitcoin. Euro dollar usually moves a little differently. So here, I apologize for how slow this is. This is frustrating the shit out of me. But the four hour structure is bullish, right? So this demand was created in here. We've got that inefficiency below.
I'm going to see how price reacts to this zone. Seems like we had our internal break of structure right there. If anything, you could maybe frame a short entry off of this, but I'm not really a fan of that up here. I don't like it being that far from the top because that's where I'd ideally want to keep my entry near. That way it's at that decisional point where you're not just going to get wicked out and then it continues down.
See how this one goes out because you have that inducement high there So at this point if pricing to trade back into this and clear that high you might get a good short entry If trading view wants to cooperate
So there you go. So that price moved up into it and it moves higher. So there was definitely no confirmation on a low timeframe there. That's always why personally I'd like to use the lower timeframes. Because remember, this is where a lot of people would get married into the idea of shorting because they had framed that idea on that four hour, right? And they get married, they take that first trigger, the 15 minute change of character, but it doesn't hit.
And this is why when you're trading counter trend, if you try to force stuff, your win rate will decrease significantly. You may still remain super profitable. But this is a great example of why we don't get married to that idea of shorting from the supply that introduced a break of structure. Because we now have price moving with the overall four-hour trend. So you don't want to trade against that. Data point unavailable. What do you mean? I was just on the 15 minute.
This fucking trading view is pissing me off right now. Sorry about this, guys. Where are we at? Over in this area, I think. Now we kind of know what happened. It's frustrating. It's okay. I don't know if we're even in the right spot now. Puts on trading view. Well, now we know what happened. So going back, we can still review at that area. See, those shorts got induced right there because everybody wanted a crash.
But in reality, you could have taken shorts down. You could have taken those shorts right there, actually. And those would have paid. So we did get that crash there. And then a big move to the upside after that liquidity that we were talking about earlier was random. Look how we reacted off that PML. That's frustrating whenever this shit just speeds up ahead. So let's go back to that zone. Why is it doing this every time we come to the 15-minute? I apologize for the lagginess of this. Okay, we're right over here.
So here you probably actually had a pretty nice opportunity to short because you did get a liquidity rate. So like here, like I was saying before, it's not really a good POI for one because you're not near the top of the zone at that decisional point. And for two, you definitely didn't get any low time frame confirmation. That's why I don't like just trading M15.
Right. So, you know, we can just look at that. You did not get any kind of lower timeframe break of structure. Then we come up and right into this liquidity up into a refined POI. So at that point, the short idea would have been much more viable. You had a much cleaner price action.
You know, really here was your break of structure if you want to get technical with it, right? Just that whole range would have been your POI. This is what you want to see. So see how price didn't come back up and, or didn't move super far away before coming back up into this zone. You obviously see you got low timeframe confirmation there. You know, if you were trading counter trend, you could have definitely took that, right? Came all the way back down to those original targets we were talking about.
So we came up now. One thing to note from this is the four hour was bullish. Right. So personally, with my style, I would have taken profits if if I would have even taken a trade. I would have taken profits mostly right there, maybe left a runner just because the high time frame bias. But, you know, we see that. I mean, if you held through all of this, you know, there were even longs to be had off of this. You know, you could have taken once price came back down to that four hour demand.
This is the trades I would have probably taken here, is once price comes off this, you could have taken a lower time frame entry confirmation entry off of this candle right here and just targeted imbalances on the lower time frames of this high over here.
So that would have been where I would have seen the value at. It would have been kind of a slower trade, you know, taking it right here, right? Stops would have been somewhere this low if you're using the low timeframe confirmation. So I don't know, we can't go to the one minute and see, but you would have taken a long in here, probably trimmed some profits around up here, de-rest, but it never hit a stop loss, never came back under that area and then came up and hitting this order block over here. So you had a nice trade there.
hopefully people sold at that order block or at least trimmed if they took a trade there. And that's another thing too I want to go over is whenever you're trading, even if it's pro four hour and pro 15 minute, if the higher timeframes like the daily and everything is kind of saying otherwise, when I say you have to trade in the context of that, you want to trade more conservatively. For instance, if you're longing up here at the top of like the weekly range,
You know, you want to take profits more aggressively, like maybe trade from a more countertrend perspective. And for me, the main difference with trading countertrend is going to be the targets. I'm not going to target highs as much as I'm going to target supply zones, right, or imbalances. So, you know, you have a fat supply zone here. I probably would have just taken profits there.
now mostly in full I wouldn't even wrote it all the way up here I don't think anybody really I mean if you say you wrote it to the top I don't know why or where maybe but so I wish we'd go in the lower time frames but we you know how we would add an entry right here because we know that this is kind of that
three-step method. You have the higher timeframe POI, right? We refine it down to a 15 minute. This is the model that we went over in one of the classes in the recent weeks. You have the higher timeframe POI. You refine it to a 15 minute. Once price reaches, which demand is shown, price comes up, comes back into it. We use those low timeframes to execute upon a low timeframe break of structure stops under that.
where this entry was not even been of connections good now on discord not sure okay it's always fun well okay where are we
Okay. So that would have been the only trade looking back that I can confidently say I would have taken. I would have probably missed out on these. I would have watched it and been like, oh, damn. But I probably wouldn't have taken those personally. I see it though. And now from doing this, I'm going to look whenever, you know, if the high timeframes are agreeing, you know, I might pay more attention to liquidity rate countertrend shorts on a U. Now that one trade is not going to.
do that for me. I'm just giving you a perspective of if I do this, because I do this every week.
And I'm going to take a picture of it. I'm going to say, okay, well, a ton of times, you know, these counter trend trades using, you know, the 15 minute change of character after that four hour internal change of character, you know, trading the pullback sometimes is much more, I guess, satisfying. You'd say like the trade moves quicker.
Trading Bitcoin, for instance. Bitcoin, I would trade that. This is something I would trade definitely on Bitcoin because we all know it's like the Bitcoin short we caught recently. That's exactly what this model is. We all know that those pullbacks, they're going to be usually extremely volatile. They move really quick. They're going to give us a high risk reward. We don't have to sit around and wait. My experience with most Forex pairs is that I just like trading with the trend most of the time because...
You know, they already are going to move a little slower than, you know, it's going to be just super choppy. I don't really like sleeping on trades that I take. If I'm close to my entry, you know, especially if you're trying to be funded and all those things, like I think that it's better just to, for the most part, you're going to cut your losses at the end of the set, or not your losses, but your wins at the end of the session.
Or at least break even your stops and all that. So I don't want to trade where something's going to be just hanging around around my area. Then spread hour comes, you get waked out by a spread or something stupid. But here, that was a super nice trade up here. Even if you just traded the 15-minute, I mean...
because you could have just, you could even use a, I know you guys probably think I'm like, I do use the one minute. I use lower timeframes, but I'm not a complete stickler for getting, you know, I don't have to have like 50 R every time. If I can get a good five R trade with a stop loss like this, I'll just take that because, you know, say, let's say, let's just say this was a one minute. We're just imagining, you know, price action is price action. I would, if I'm that close to the.
you know, end of the zone, I would rather just use that stop loss because personally I'm okay with, you know, four or five R and a little bit of a wider stop. So I'm not, you know, risking getting wicked out and then the trade going without me and everybody's style is different. And I, like I was saying earlier, if I ever thought about taking this, I would be out in full there. Would have been a good trade, but fucking trading view, man puts on trading view. Cause I don't think it's my internet.
Sorry about this again. It's frustrating me. I spent like a good 10 minutes just waiting on trading view. I might be exaggerating, but if I... Actually, I don't want to do that because I'm going to lose all this. There we go. Third time's the charm. You know what's even more fucked up is I literally have, quote, fiber internet from AT&T. And it's like random spark. I mean, it is storming really bad where I'm at, so I don't know if that has anything to do with it, but I shouldn't. I wouldn't think.
I don't know, guys. At this point, it's just not saying data point unavailable. Well, TradingView is not wanting to cooperate. I'm just going to close it. Hopefully, it leaves that stuff there. Maybe it doesn't. It might be my internet because it's taking forever to load way longer than it usually does.
Yeah, guys, I don't know. Am I going to cut the stream because this is just not cooperating with me? I don't know why, but it seems like my ping says it's technical difficulties. Still, we got some value there.
those couple price setups. But main takeaway I want you guys to have is nobody wants to backtest, but I promise you, if you take the time to do this, you're putting yourself ahead of all the people who don't. And that's kind of what you're trying to do when you become a good trader is learn how to be better than the rest of retail traders who are exit liquidity.
So if you guys have any questions, let me know. And if not, I will see you guys tomorrow for the class. And I'll update what we're going over later on. I'll post kind of an outline for what we'll be discussing. But until then, I appreciate all you guys that came through. Again, apologize for the technical difficulties. And I'll see you guys in the Discord tomorrow. Peace.
