What's good? What's good? I'm going to give everybody a second to get in here. Yeah, so pretty insane dump. One thing I do want to note, so anytime that we move like this above the weekly open early in the week, that can lead to a bearish narrative for the rest of the week. So with...
So generally speaking, this ideology is used on Forex, but I've found that it works very well for SPX or SPY, ES, whatever you call it, and Bitcoin. And the fact that if we're looking for, we're trying to determine the weekly candle structure, meaning we're trying to determine this week's open, high, and the, well, we're going to try to project where the low is, so to speak.
So we did fill the weekly imbalance and it's interesting how we saw little relief there, right? And now this was after coming up into a premium of our weekly impulse move, just clearing out those buy stops within this area and trading just barely into this fair value gap near the monthly order block.
Whenever we move, if we're determining the week ahead and we want to see or develop a bias on which way we think the rest of the week will move, we can oftentimes see the formation of the high and the wick in itself early on in the week. Now, what we would look for in order to determine and confirm that bias is
price to move into a higher time frame, point of interest, or area of liquidity during that Tuesday London session. Now, we see here that we had a fair value gap right there.
I just said it was not visible on the daily. Okay. Nevermind. So this fair value gap was apparent early on in the week, but we did not go into a premium or really anywhere near it. And it seemed like price was still expanding towards this imbalance down here. I know ICT even tweeted this level, I think this morning. Now we went pretty much straight to it and removed any kind of longs from this range here. So
So idealistically, what we will see at this point is probably a return somewhere up into imbalances along this impulse move that we created. And, you know, again, there's no law that we have to go into a premium. Ideally, what I would be looking for is somewhere in this imbalance right here. And then probably more downside, but, you know.
We've been going down for a couple of days now. We are in this daily imbalance, but we have this order block here. It's a weekly order block just under this daily low that also has my interest. I mean, I would be fairly surprised if we didn't see some form of relief here, but I will say moving like this after the weekly open, we trade above that weekly open, creating the WIC into the higher timeframe fair value gap, which is from our daily chart, and then moving with this much displacement.
That tells me that a bearish narrative for the rest of the week is most likely in play. Now, we could see a consolidation and then a push down. Anything could happen. I could be totally wrong. But the way I'm seeing this is potential three drives to create the weekly WIC into the daily fair value gap. And we've got that displaced into the downside.
Potential little long entry here down on this area. It didn't really give what I was looking for. So I'm sitting it out, but this, I would have rather had that taken and then this fair value gap traded into, but we didn't get that. So, you know, it is what it is. I'm not going to chase it, but that's ideally I would see us moving into this range right here.
Could go higher for sure, but that's where I would be mindful of potentially shaving some off if anybody else took some longs. For Bitcoin, we have a similar... Here's the thing with trying to do this with Bitcoin, I will say, is we can just do the Sunday open. So that would be the 28th.
Right here you can extend that out and just mark it up as you know your weekly open
And remember, we talked about Bitcoin. We were bearish in the weekly. I mean, it's pretty clear to me that we're going for these stops down here. I mean, at this point, I would look for the bottom of the range. So new lows as weekly equal as we've taken out. And as to continue upon the narrative that we've been talking about for some time, which it's pretty clear that the institutional structure here is bearish. We have lows being taken, imbalances as soon as they're mitigated, expansive moves to the downside. So again, we can use this.
weekly open theory. And whenever we move, we start with the weekly open. You have that accumulation of orders, the initial manipulation and distribution. So that's the AMD setup for the first day, right? But then remember that we're always, you know, price is fractal. So we're viewing, you know, maybe a buying scenario on the lower timeframes.
But then from that buying scenario, we are creating a WIC to an overall bearish week. So like we went over yesterday, weekly bias is bearish. I mean, that's pretty clear at this point to me. Now, again, we went above that weekly open into a price delivery array. It didn't go into a premium. The way we reacted without even going to a premium, extremely bearish.
There was a nice trade set up here this morning off this liquidity raid right there. Probably you could even got in on this because we saw that first displacement. But here's the problem for me is there was no fair value gap here.
maybe there wasn't a five minute or something up in this area. I don't really use the five minute like that, but that's where the ideal entry for this would have been. But basically once we come into that higher timeframe POI, as soon as we get that displacement break of structure, right? And in this scenario, it was kind of fickle because yeah, we got it, but the sell stops got absorbed and price wicked up pretty violently and did not really leave any kind of gap.
Now, if you traded supply and demand, there was a pretty prime entry, two entries really. Lower timeframe execution got wicked out. And this is another thing I will say about Bitcoin. For a lot of people that are trying to trade supply and demand or entries along that narrative on the lower timeframe. Now, on the higher timeframe, usually you're okay. But if you're trying to play on the lower timeframe, we're seeing it time and time again.
that these entries are getting manipulated. For instance, let's say you had a five minute POI or 15 minute POI, you used a five minute confirmation. I would really look for
probably this low to get taken up. I was looking at it from that perspective. Let's just say, okay, well, you just, you know, whatever you mark this, stop loss above this high, you got wicked out, right? So these are called smart money traps. Now we're seeing this more and more to the point where whenever I'm trading really anything at this point, I'm not even looking at supply and demand. I'm more looking at liquidity rates.
You could have played the liquidity rate here. Pretty clean setup. You got the rate of the 15-minute high, took the lowest displacement. Now, we didn't get a closure, but you did take the lowest displacement, a pretty large move. Price came into that fair value gap and then expanded to the downside. Now, there would have been no reason to target this low in my, well, off of the 15-minute liquidity rate.
But, you know, you could have gotten a pretty good move off of this. I'm getting notifications. I don't know where you guys are adding me at in the Discord. Okay, that's something else actually. So, you know, that's kind of how that could have been taken advantage of. But I think, you know, at this point, I saw some people talking about longing here. I mean, I'm just chilling on that. I'm not trying to long. I mean, I see it, but at the same time.
I wouldn't be surprised to see everything just continue to the downside. As far as for crypto, crypto looks fried, like absolute lows. It's going for these lows. There's no question in my mind. And the order flow is super, super bearish overall. I mean, you're seeing, yes, you're seeing displacement, but it's just coming up to manipulate longs and then push the short narrative.
Right at equity open, that liquidity rate happened. So the time and price here is very important. It's key to be mindful of when these setups are happening on the asset you're trading.
um euro jpy yeah i was in and i got break even on this one unfortunately i it's funny like i strayed away from not from maintaining the 2r i should have just taken it right there but i ended up price comes up to just stop me out at break even so um you know it's never really fun i actually got stopped that way earlier right here but um you know lesson learned there is to just keep that fixed 2r whenever i'm playing these liquidity rate setups
because it was the 15-minute liquidity rate over here. I didn't catch the initial setup, but then you have a 15-minute break of structural displacement, value gap entry. I'll use a one-minute confirmation, but use the 15-minute stop. So overall, I mean, we have NFP coming up this Friday as well.
It's going to be a pretty interesting week coming in towards the close. It's still just Tuesday. If we start to see...
displacement to the upside, I would be very cautious with longs and be trimming them at internal liquidity. I wouldn't be targeting external liquidity. As for EJ and more depth, seems to me that the price is still reaching for something higher. Again, Tokyo will reveal more directional bias here since this is a major cross, but this pair moves in Tokyo pretty nicely. Weekly candle.
is telling me that um let me just go ahead and draw this weekly open and we could still be manipulating but yeah it's it's kind of odd here for me with this pair because yeah we're moving straight up from that weekly open i mean like literally you know
all speed ahead and took the daily high. And then we're getting these signs that the market wants to go lower. But as soon as we come onto these areas of liquidity, price just rockets off. I think there was a 15 minute fair value gap. This one had originally still been some nice opportunities, but again, it's just, you gotta be very aggressive whenever you're playing these liquidity rates set up. See, this was the one that originally moved off of.
And make sure to target that next liquidity. Somebody said ETH, please. Yeah, I gotcha. So again, with ETH, we went over this yesterday. You had this four-hour fair value gap right in a premium. Price moves up to it, immediately expands the downside. ETH was actually a cleaner setup than Bitcoin, in my opinion, here. This plays a break with a closure.
Fair value gap entry. I probably could have targeted all these lows. There's a lot of stops resting under there. Probably see a little bit of relief under this level. But again, if you're long, just be mindful to take profits pretty quickly.
It's not a bull's market out there, in my opinion. Now, we are at a key level here on SPX. Again, I would expect at least some form of a move up to a premium here. But, you know, just don't force anything as far as longs go. And I mean, if the long setup's there, take it, but make sure you trim aggressively. I think Euro JPY, another one I do want to note this.
Looking at the daily, when it draws up like this, it almost tells me that it wants much higher at these equal highs. So we talked about that a little bit. There was a couple of setups that could have been taken, but the overall trade would have been very short. And again, just targeting the next opposing liquidity. That's key whenever you're playing these liquidity rates, not to try to get greedy.
You know if you got in if you somehow you know you're trading the one minute up in here Right here was your entry here was your exit again It's not the craziest for us to reward you guys know that I'm not want to sit here and preach you know 30 40 50 rt guys. I just it's not really my style I think that it's fun for people to share but
Most of the people that are doing that, in my experience, they're not extremely profitable in the long run. They spend a lot more time on screens. It's more of just something to sell people as education, in my opinion. But, you know, there are setups that do provide more than just two. I'm not saying you can't get high risk or reward, but just be mindful because even myself, like this morning, I wanted to target the range lows. But, you know, instead of having a nice little win.
I got break-evened. But that is one thing I definitely want to know and share that lesson. And every time that you stray away from what you are following, that's whenever you have to learn that lesson. Again, whether it's through a break-even and the loss of potential funds or whether it's a loss of actual funds.
But ETH, I'm sorry, I'm going to get off topic there. So ETH, fair value up around 1555 to 1560. Oops, wrong tool. I wouldn't even go that far, in my opinion. I mean, I'd be looking, I mean, anywhere in this whole area you could sell off. Personally, that's just my opinion. I mean, this candle would probably hold some interest if it were me trading this right here. Oops.
So we came down into that fair value gap in this demand, paused, and then exploded the downside. So that tells me that, you know, smart money was selling on this micro little move to the upside. So, you know, this is where most likely I would see a potential move to the downside begin. Somebody said BNB. Sure, I haven't looked at a lot of halts in a while. So again, look at this. You've got fair value gap.
Price travels above the Sunday open or the weekly open, forms this false bullish narrative, and then we get that displacement to the downside. So yeah, you can see it from, okay, accumulation, but you got to remember that accumulation is in a bearish higher timeframe context. So we're expecting it to redistribute.
So, you know, people get in here and they want to target this. But realistically, you have to be mindful of where you're at and be, you know, be kind of get real, I guess I would say. You actually did come into a premium here. So let me look at this. Took that short term low.
Didn't really leave much displacement, kind of like Bitcoin, but came back into that POI, it looks like, and then off to the races. No real fair value gaps here. But overall with BNB, you're going for these lows.
So I would frame, you know, trades around that idea, whether that means you're longing with, you know, the mindfulness that the expectation overall is to go down and you're just playing a mitigation, you know, or if you're taking sales, you know, you could be a little more confident. Potentially have a breaker entry here. And really that would have probably actually been up here where I look at it. And that's where you would have got that entry right there.
But yeah, overall definitely bearish like we've been talking about crypto was pretty clear to me Indices still needed some time and now indices are showing me their hand as well Somebody else said soul
Yeah, Sol's been one for a while. Got a massive amount of sell-side liquidity under all these lows down here at 18 bucks. Now that's a little ways off, I get it. But, you know, if we look on the weekly, it came down rebalanced. And then now what? Now we just have a bunch of sell-side liquidity engineered under this low and then these equal lows. Let me go ahead and... Oops. So, overall, what's up? EOP, your mic's on.
Overall here at the weekly candle, I think it's pretty clear that we're drawing towards this low. If we take that same ideology with the weekly open theory, we come back up into a price delivery array.
early on in the week to form the wick high of the weekly candle. That's exactly what we did. Had this nice little three drive into, this is actually pretty clean, three drive into the daily fair value gap. This actually might end up becoming a better setup.
All these fair value gaps are fucking massive. That was the problem. I'll probably refine this to right here. And we've seen that I don't require a premium always, in my opinion, or this bearish. Be mindful of price delivery arrays in a discount that are near equilibrium.
All right, because also you could even move this down the more I look at it because this is where the impulse move started. So that would put that into a premium. So I would actually watch this right here for Sol. I'm actually going to set an alert for that.
Ideally, you would want a short-term high to form something like this, and then induce the early shorts, maybe come down, mitigate, and then come up, take those stops, and then push the downside for the true move. And that would be another example of distribution. And you can see the same...
theory happen, just like we're using the weekly open on the, you know, the weekly candle. You can do the same thing on the daily or really with any candle because remember, price is fractal. So, for instance, let's just take the daily open and we'll say the daily, we don't actually know where to open, the midnight open is what we use. Okay, so we have the midnight open and price does what? Price starts to move higher and that's where you have, you know, that original accumulation.
Right here. Manipulation and then distribution. You can find this on any candle structure on any time frame. It's not just limited to the daily chart or the weekly chart. You can do it on anything now. Of course, it gets a little more choppy the lower you go down.
But you can use the same ideology to frame your bias for how the candle is going to form. Because remember, if you're a swing trader, you need to know how the weekly candle is going to form. So if you're looking to get in for a good swing for the week, you're going to want to get in towards the high. Now, 70% of the time, you're going to see the high of the week formed during London. And I didn't back test that. ICT is the one who's...
I don't want to take credit like I figured that out, but I do utilize that ideology in the sense that we have that initial move to the upside early on in the week. Monday usually is pretty lackluster, just kind of generates liquidity. Tuesday during London, you'll see that manipulation.
And then in New York, you'll see the expansion. So again, it'll be accumulation through Tokyo, right? Starting at New York midnight, we want to mark the open and it has to be New York midnight. And that's where you'll see, you can go to a lower timeframe and see that same exact.
scenario that we just saw on the daily, but we were, you know, we were trying to find the weekly structure. So we had that one, two, three drives, break structure displacement, you know, price. And this actually didn't move into a fair value gap, but you guys can see how, you know, this can be helpful whenever you're trying to determine candle structure and determine, you know, where the possible high of the week or the high of the day or the high of the four hour candle or whatever it is that you're attempting to use this on.
With crypto, we know that most of the time moves occur during New York. Tokyo as well, but the true intention a lot of the time moves during New York. ZP said, can we revisit DRV? What was it again? How did we find it? Was it a stock, right? Yeah, it was a real estate bear.
Okay, so it looks like it's respecting our levels pretty well. I don't know how long ago we went through this, if it was before. I think it was after we had this for value gap, but we marked up this imbalance. So you just popped off that. I don't know, because this is a different level. Maybe it was supposed to be a weekly imbalance. Yeah, it was a weekly imbalance. I just never changed the... So you filled the weekly imbalance. You're pretty close to the monthly. This is an old monthly order block.
The weekly candle in this scenario, I haven't used this, I will say, on stocks or ETFs, but we'll just see. What the fuck? Hold on.
yeah i mean we can do there's not much you can do here with like the lower time frames because there's just too many gaps and too much uh noise i mean you can find imbalances i guess of course there's an imbalance every candle but i would be paying more attention to daily time frame here than anything and i think that you're coming back up to this area where a lot of orders could be residing so you know be careful i mean i i don't know what your intentions are with this but i mean if if you know you're
I guess this is, it was like an ETF, right? I mean, it looks like it could definitely come down. You've got these equal lows sitting right in front of this imbalance here. So that would be the next target would be down in this area down here. Somebody said Bitcoin. We already did Bitcoin. They said XRP last week showed a lot of power. Yeah, I think Playboy had people in to catch that pump.
Again, weekly candles pretty clearly drawing to the downside. I mean, this is where the real sell side liquidity lies, but there's probably some here as well because we move pretty dynamic off this level. Like, yes, this is the range low, but you got to ask yourself where to price really push from. That's this level right here. Also, there's fairly equal lows around this area. So you could see...
you know, a lot of stops under this region, really down all the way in this area, but pretty choppy daily chart. I mean, I'm surprised you didn't come up and clean this out. Got that liquidity rate right there with this candle, but decent reaction at this order block here. And this is where you'd probably see
We're kind of getting that decisional point where, you know, if you got in here, you target internal liquidity. You probably were out somewhere in here or maybe even in this area. Then we come down to this order block. Price could, you know, want to show some bullish momentum here to come back up and mitigate because it's all price is doing. It's bouncing around between areas of institutional order flow. So here I would just measure the impulse move.
of this morning, starting at 9.30. And then, I mean, honestly, I wouldn't even get too greedy. I'd look for reversal around here. You could see a push higher, but just be mindful. A lot of that's gonna have to do with indices. Indices seem like they wanna come up and mitigate. Again, that's not looking too, too hot. Seems like a lot of liquidity is being engineered right here under these lows.
Very well could see just a push to this level and then reject. But there's going to be some stops above these highs. Which one? We were just on XRP. That's right. Yeah, I mean, a lot of liquidity too resting above here already. I mean, this is just the lower time frames. But I would be mindful of pricing this zone. Overall, you know, bias is that we're probably drawing to the downside. You know, we came under these lows here.
saw that push back up so we hit the internal liquidity now we target external which we have taken so you know when we're looking here i don't really see any form of um you know daily internal liquidity potentially this fair value gap up here but in all honesty that's really what we mitigated with that last move right there i mean these lows seem pretty appealing too
I think that UJ wants these highs up here. I've been trying to frame a trade idea, but it hasn't really sparked my interest as of yet. That's probably not yet. That was a nice setup here. UJ moves really clean. I like the way that UJ moves. And there really wasn't a fair value gap here on the one-minute potential entry in here. But again, it's just sometimes you got to ask yourself, you know, is the...
Target worth it because you know, if you if you were to enter a short position, let's just say you did EQ You need to stop us above that and then you'd be looking for that sets, you know, it's really not the greatest but um
Interesting because I could see a little retracement here, but the way we're hovering around here and the weekly here, I really think it wants these highs. I don't think that first high is going to suffice. Yes, we saw a reaction, but as far as for any kind of directional shift, I wouldn't look for it until we take out those highs. Also, the dollar.
It's kind of a decisional point here. We came down. I marked up this fair value gap because we have this clean low right above it. There we go. Now, NFP is going to hold a lot of information on directional bias for really all markets as far as the way this dollar reacts on that day. That'll be a sideline day for me for sure. I don't like trading NFP days.
But I still think the overall target is this weekly fair value gap. Somebody said a quick view on GMT that I have. Personally, I really wouldn't, like, you know, it does move crazy and all, but I wouldn't, right now, especially where we're at, I'll tell you right now that this high, I think we marked this up. I mean, obviously, I don't know when I did this, but that high would have been your entry, that raid.
Because you wouldn't have really had much of anything here in this region. Because, yeah, if you got induced right there, but that didn't hit the POI if you're trading that. But price came up, rated there. It's just pretty sloppy, though. I mean, I can't even say I would have taken it. If you just market executed, I guess, there. But, I mean, again, I can't say I would have taken that. That would have been covered here.
I wouldn't really be paying this. Don't focus on total shit coins. I'll trade them every once in a while. Trade high time frame setups, I should say. But especially when everything is really volatile like this, everything kind of consolidates and there's a potential. Whenever I trade a GMT up here, I thought there was a decent potential for a move. Honestly, looking back, I'm pretty surprised that it didn't at least get something. We had a lot of lows get taken out, followed by breaks of structure.
But, you know, it just wasn't enough. It didn't work. That's again, every time I trade shit coins, that kind of stuff happens. So that's why if you're going to at least do it in the context of Bitcoin or just trade higher caps, because you got to remember that the market cap has been fucking decimated for crypto. So it's like, you know, the total market cap is now back under a trillion with Bitcoin and Ethereum holding for a huge portion of that. So what is it? I think it's.
Ethereum is 20%. Bitcoin is 40%. You're better off just trading these coins. To me, I just don't see the point in anything else. Yeah, you might not get as many trades, but that's sometimes a good thing. I took a trade on GJ last night. It went pretty well. I slept on it, which I usually don't do, but I like the setup. Now, this is something I'm going to backtest, but with these Asian pairs, when we take the...
optimal trade entry of the here i did it from right here of the asian uh or the i'm sorry the new york expansion and then we find our poi and once press comes into it during the asian session
The only reason I didn't even get stopped on this is because I used a grace period. Now, this would have been max pain, but I'll show you guys exactly. I'm kind of messing around with these OTE entries. Now, I will say that some... I'm going to backtest it more. It's not as consistent as I would like for Asian pairs during Asian session. I'm not really a big fan of trading during Asia, but it's something that caught my eye. If we have this...
you know, POI or just some form of price delivery array in a optimal trade entry of the New York range, then if price comes back down to it in Tokyo, if it agrees with the daily bias, which GJ, the daily bias has been pretty unclear for a while. It's just, I mean, it's just total.
ass, honestly, for lack of a better description. It's just consolidating within this tiny range for a long time. Now, every candle seems to be a doji. Whenever it does move, it's going to move. I do think it wants these equal highs, relatively equal highs in this imbalance.
Now, I almost targeted this high because, I mean, this is where I saw more liquidity, but I was going to sleep on it, so I said, okay, I'm just going to target the first liquidity, and thank God I did because that would have been big sad. I also noticed that there was this supply candle here. Now, it did get mitigated as far as the fair value gap. It was a small one here, but it got mitigated immediately. There was some expansion from that level, so I figured there would probably be some kind of value in that zone.
If you guys have any other coins you want me to go over, just let me know. I think that everything's been super volatile that there were some setups on crypto on indices this morning. I'm just kind of chilling and hanging out. Matic, let's do it. Every time I look at a chart, I'm just not watching all the time. I just delete everything.
Overall bias for the weekly would definitely be bearish here. You've got this massive imbalance still with a clean low right front running equilibrium. So you're going to have sell stops at this low. Oops, wrong template. So overall, our bias would be to look at sales. Oops, let me do this. Here was the weekly open.
which one did i get it right yeah now again we push um in this example it's kind of interesting we push under it first saw some form of accumulation down here and then push the upside
Seems like this high was where the rate occurred because if you see, yeah, there was more, I guess you could say, liquidity resting in this high. We actually went over this in the private class as of sometimes why did this high not get rated, right? Well, you got to understand what was this high doing? This high was filling institutional orders.
rating liquidity. So that could be looked at as a protected high when we're looking at things from an institutional standpoint, as in, you know, the displacement started here, real displacement, volume came into the market above these old highs in this imbalance. So we could say that this is where smart money entered the market. You would think, or that's how you could think. So you would look at other highs to be rated because overall you don't expect this one to be rated. So
The daily candle, where did midnight open? And this is what you'll see happen a lot of the times. If we have this initial push above the New York midnight open, and you start to see this accumulation of orders, and you get that manipulation. Sometimes during London, I think that's when this was. Okay, actually it was.
really in the kind of the dead zone. I mean, it's still London session, but not the kill zone. So you get that raid and this can give you your directional bias for the day because that high or low of the day is oftentimes going to be formed in London. And you break structure to the downside. Didn't come back into a period. And this is just another thing with, lately with crypto, it's just not been moving very.
I guess I would say it's just been such a death spiral that we're not even seeing price return to any of these higher value POIs, but you can get that directional bias and you can see that price is indeed bearish, but in this example, I don't see.
you know, where I would have executed based off of this narrative. Now there are more multiple entries you could have got in, but you know, the farther you get away from the initial stop rate for me, the less probable of the trade, the less likely I'm going to take it. I mean, I can see, okay, yes, there was more of a break structure there. And then there was a fair value gap and that move also probably was an OT entry. So you could have looked at it like there was a,
Order block right there. And again, everybody's got 20-20 hindsight. I don't want to sit here and say I would have taken these. I'm just showing you guys this just for educational purposes. But when you get that initial little move during the New York session, you already have your directional bias. The manipulations occur. This is most likely the high of the day. If that's the case and the daily bias is bearish, you can look to then target the previous day's low.
or just any areas of liquidity on the way. You don't have to target the previous day's low. Previous day's low would be right here. And again, I can't even tell you, I would hold it that long. I would have been probably covering under all these sales stops here. Because you gotta think of it. Think of it like you're a market maker. Where are you gonna be able to cover, so to speak?
Because if there's a bunch of sell stops here, you're going to buy back those sell stops when you're closing your short. SNX, hmm. Well, you came up into that imbalance, reacted pretty impulsively from it. So that would give me bias to look for the lows. Overall, I mean, the weekly institutional structure is extremely bearish here. Price came into a premium, rapidly moved away. Again, the weekly bias is to close bearish. We think this candle is going to be bearish.
So we're going to look for where's that weekly open. Again, you can see how well this works. After that weekly open, you look for any kind of price delivery array, especially one that has liquidity in front of it. So we get that push up above this level. That's pretty gnarly of a move. Again, I can't really say in the 15 minute there was really any...
Room for entry for me and again, this is how a lot of crypto is it's just super super sloppy what you know and hindsight you can go back and look and See it, but you know when you're trading it doesn't really move to too efficiently sometimes Well, I should say all coins that's where the entry would have been you get that first displacement down Just thinking like this think of it like okay, you know, I've got my my shift in structure. So that's my first check now
to kind of confirm that, you know, institutions were behind this push, you want to have a fair value gap because now you're remembering that, okay, well, there's probably orders there. So once those orders are filled, probably it's going to expand to the downside. If we're expecting the, you know,
the daily candle to close lower, you know, you can target much lower, but you can also be a little conservative, which is what I recommend and just mark out, okay, where's the first point of interest in a premium, or I mean, well, a discount in this example, and I would have just said right there.
Now, may it go much farther? Sure, it might. But as day traders and as consistent market participants, you're not going to catch every move. You're not going to catch the top and the bottom of everything. I promise you're not. If you tried to, you're going to drive yourself crazy. You're going to ruin your psychology. You're most likely going to blow your account. But it's all key. Everything comes together. But again,
Our weekly bias for crypto seems to be in play. Indices, you know, I mean, Jesus Christ, if we don't get some form of, you know, I guess rebound here. I mean, it's, you know, I'm just looking at this down here, that weekly order block right there with that tiny fair value gap. Because that's what the weekly seems like it's looking for for me.
At some point, I will look to come up and retrace some of these inefficiencies. But I think it goes along with the narrative where, you know, the Fed manipulates everybody into thinking that, oh, there's not a recession. There's this and that and just makes up all this bullshit to where people feel safe. And then he comes out and says, yeah, well, you'll be ready for Max Payne. It's classic manipulation of it's just basically excellent liquidity. It's just turning everybody into excellent liquidity. Everybody's buying here.
right above these highs everybody's buying here right so now you know everybody's trapped everybody's scared shitless so at some point we will see some form of a rebound because along this way there is just like we had here right there was cash there orders there so now we've got it here also got that liquidity above that high
I'm probably going to wrap it up there. I got to go get lunch with my pops actually in like 20 minutes. So overall though, just to kind of finalize things, indices at a very key point, this imbalance right here.
Not showing much bullish tendencies as far as the higher timeframes go. Potential rebound throughout the lunch and to the close. But I would not be holding for very long, personally. I might buy my words and I might regret that, whatever. I don't care, but that's just the way I see it. I'm not saying price will never go back above this area up here, but I doubt that we're just going to ping right here and just move.
Crypto, GG's. No, I'm just kidding. I mean, well, I'm kind of not, but I mean, everything looks pretty rough. You're also at a make or break point here. You know, if you don't start to move to the upside, I would just look for the first, the equal lows at 19.5. And then after that, I mean, just like we've been talking about, the overall draw to me is going to be really all these lows here. I just have that one marked.
And that's where I would see a potential little micro bull. But yeah, EJ, I want to see how she reacts during Asia tonight because daily like this, if we close like this, if we stay like this, I should say, that's going to lead me to look for higher levels, probably these equal highs up here.
I was wanting to see a little reversal above this high in this daily flip zone. But again, it's still potential because we kind of have this three drive potential set up here. But yeah. Well, on that note, guys, I appreciate you all coming through. I will say.
Oh, yeah, I'll post anything in the private server that I enter. And until tomorrow, I appreciate you guys, and I'll see you later. Peace.
