what's up what's up so give everybody a second to go in get in here I know it kind of updated the stream late higher I was actually out and getting a phone how do you work it's supposed to be in a paper trade
but Yeah, so last dream of the year then a pretty crazy year in the crypto space and then a lot of people too I think a lot of people got introduced to trading in this last year. So As far as like a smart money space, especially as blown up a lot. So pretty dope year to kind of look back and be grateful for and You spend spend this next week and obviously having fun, you know, tomorrow's New Year's or anything but kind of reflect and look back at like
where you were whenever you started because uh you know odds are it's gonna be pretty crazy one fun thing to do is if you have any way to go look at old charts um like if you're on a discord server that you've been in for a while or if you you know have pictures on your phone where you've taken screenshots or maybe you save them to your pc however you do it i highly recommend to go back and just look at your ta because it's really cool to see how far you've come like i'll get snapchat memories of my ta from like two and a half years ago
And it's crazy. The progress is crazy. So first off, here's the new year. Got some alerts. I got one on euro dollar. We talked about this rejection block on the one hour the other day. I'm probably not going to trade this. I don't think I'm going to trade today. It's the day before New Year's, Friday. Kind of just going to roll out the year with some chill time. But for those, it doesn't sound like it's really getting too much of a reaction here.
I mean, it got a nice reaction actually off of the rejection block right there. Didn't really hold that displacement under it though. So I think it'll probably make another high. I mean, it's going for it most likely right here. I also got an alert for a dollar cat. Oh yeah, I tweeted about this. So it spiked the zone that I had originally watched. It went up in somewhere here, but nonetheless, it reacted very nicely off this area. So
looking at, and this is why I always like a sweep into the zone. And I want to sweep after price has tapped into the zone because just requiring a sweep, I think that that is a rule that can be manipulated to your liking when you want to trade. So in this example, you know, yeah, we got a sweep, but if you notice, price hadn't touched the zone. So I don't consider that. So what I would wait for is the sweep after price has moved in the zone. Now, some people may ask, what if the price,
uh, you know, it goes through the zone, you know, is it, is it still a valid zone? Is it, um, you know, worth paying attention to a lot of times when we're using these last candles or these last little order box, especially there's usually the higher timeframe zones. Like for instance, here, we tapped into a four hour order block right here. You could say there's probably another order or hourly order block. I wouldn't really pay attention to the hourly cause it didn't tap into it, but.
There was a nice little reaction there and then after you get that shift Coming out it's look so I like using optimal trade entry if we get a nice swing like this So you could just use this fair value gap. What I like is this range right there Look at the dollar as well And a dollar looks pretty bearish here as well. So that would support that I'm gonna count on this list That would support a bearish claim for dollar CAD
I think these equal lows are a nice target. Pretty clear draw. I think there's a lot of longs going to get stopped out there. And then we have DXY getting very close to our weekly fair value gap that we've been talking about for I don't know how long now, but it's been teasing us for a while now, ever since really this whole month.
So moving into the new year, we're going to be at a pretty key level for the dollar. If we can get bullish price action in here on a four hour, something like this. And again, it's the same ideology that I use to enter trades in the lower timeframes. I translate that to the higher timeframes because all we're looking at is the occurrence of manipulation. So if we're trading off of a level that we're basically trying to more or less track mitigation of institutional orders.
you know like order blocks uh stuff like that we're going to want to see manipulation in that zone now i've seen other teachers use wyckoff in this example and really what it comes down to is we just want to see liquidity being swept i don't go into depth with wyckoff as much i just want to see you know we get a push in here and then a sharp push under the first low because that's where the early traders get in and then after we take structure after that that to me is smart money or institutional sponsorship so
I think that a lot of people that are learning to trade with smart money concepts, they see order block and they want price to just do this. And sometimes it will. That's fine. We talked about yesterday how XRP had done that and we didn't take a trade because of it. If you have tested data and say, okay, well, that works better for my trading plan to not require a sweep, then so be it. I'm not saying this is the only way, but I always want to see a tap in and another sweep.
now it's not always going to be this picture perfect it's not going to be that um you know market structure shift you know easy peasy pattern sometimes it's going to hit and then it's going to go all the way around it's going to consolidate it's going to do this and then it comes in and sharp pushes that low and then you get that sweep
And you get the break of structure. So to me, both of these are very important. I don't want to just have the shift happen from the first tap of the zone. I can't stress that enough. And that was something that helped me go from a lot of unnecessary stopouts to less trades, but higher quality trades. And it also is a mechanical kind of rule that you can set that's going to keep you on the sidelines when you need to be.
And it's not something you're going to have to kind of internalize. And I don't think internalize, maybe not even the word. It's not something you're going to have to decide within yourself. You know, it's either this did happen or it didn't happen. You're not going to look at it with some other smart money concepts and say, okay, well, maybe this is displacement. Maybe it's not. Maybe this is an order. But maybe it's just, you know, you have your zone. Price taps into it. Did it take that low?
if so wait for the break of structure if not then you don't trade so um it's going to save you from a lot of uh bad trades and sometimes you'll miss and the most important thing is to not if you try this new strategy out don't you know let's say if you start trying it out today and then you see price come into a zone and just go off of that and you say damn i knew i shouldn't have done that that is such a losing mentality because
you have to look at things in probabilities and as a series of trades because if you just look at it like you know i'm going to try a new strategy and you tried three or four trades and then one of them runs away from you and you switch back to your old strategy that mentality is what's going to cause you to lose like that you will never be able to be consistently successful if you base your perspective on a short number of trades or like a what it could have should have mentality so i see that a lot
And that, and I, it's reasonable. It's, I understand it, but you have to look at it. Like, am I thinking like a professional, you know? And most of the time, if you really ask yourself that and you're true to yourself and you're not going to bullshit around, um, you're going to realize, you know, I'm putting my neck out there way too often and it's unnecessary, you know? So that's something that I can't stress enough. What's up Chopo. I see you in here. What's up Sardar. Great to see you too. Looking classy. My girl got me this turtleneck.
Yeah, we've been I've been doxing for a while. So I said finally a face fit the voice we've been doing it for like I Don't know in two weeks. I got some lighting now. I don't know if it looks any better my overhead lights not on I got some of these Loom cubes is what they're called. They're pretty dope actually really nice. I got gold It wasn't gold. Well, there was something
oh yeah oil this is a chart that i want you guys to pay attention to it's something that i do announce on a lot i traded it last week i don't think i went over this trade with you guys but we can really quick so what this was was just a 15 minute um
Trade so I actually looked at it. It was I was kind of late. So I looked at it like okay. We had this opening gap So that's gonna be a area of interest automatically to me I always pay attention to those and then if you have this order block right at the bottom I wasn't watching here. I came in and literally it was in the morning right before market open and I noticed like hey, okay, well, we had a tap here So for what trace in the water flow we came back down Took out this gap and traded in this water block and got a nice push off of it, right? So again
you know, I'm not trading directly off this. I'm not really paying attention to lower timeframes. I just know that the market did rebound from that nicely. So then I look and say, okay, you know, I'm going to go, if I was in the 15 minute, then I'm going to hop down to a five minute. And I noticed, okay, we came down into this order block and respected it nicely, right? On a one minute.
And it was before the market opened. So his timing was there. And I just long based off of that five minute. I didn't even, wasn't using a one minute confirmation. And then I was just basically using the 15 minute structure to target. And that's just a very simple trade. It's kind of, I'm asking yourself, what's the expectation that price is gonna do? Because if we're making higher highs and higher lows, unless you have some kind of wall up here, which may be an order block or a fair value gap on the higher timeframe, if you don't have that,
The expectation is you're going to come down and you're going to put a higher low in and target this high. So as long as you have no external factors that are leading you to think that's not going to happen, you can look to get active and not complicate it and just trade off of that. That's why structure is the most important aspect of trading. Price delivery arrays and fair value gaps, order blocks, any kind of price delivery, they're important.
but they're really useless if you don't understand structure and you don't necessarily even need them um as much as you think you do and people over complicate things that they all enigma enigma mentality but with oil that same mentality that i am uh or that i was using on the
The 15 minute, I'm going to try to use in the four hour. So notice we do have this little zone right here. So that could be a problem. But the reason I'm not really paying it too much mind is because price is trading up into a nice three drive into it. But we're not really holding displacement under these lows. So if you see, we kind of pipped this low, but look how it's reacting. All that liquidity is getting soaked up and price is pushing back up. So if we see a consolidation here.
And then we see some kind of push down just like this, where we just take the low and we just move right back off of it. Say we consolidate for a little bit, come down and pip the low right here, and then move sharply out of it. I will look to getting some buys off this four hour order block. So again, we want to see a really sharp reaction. We don't want to stay there long. You know, you want to see a 15 minute go pretty bullish pretty quickly, just like we saw here, right? So we came under that low, rapid push out of it.
So that's a trade I'm looking for on oil coming into the new year. Be mindful. If you're trading oil, be extremely mindful of any news because it can get super fucking brutal. And don't hold through like weekly gaps and stuff like that because you can get slaughtered. Because the daily structure is bearish overall. We see this large impulse down, but I'm not really seeing very convincing price action yet on the four hour that we want to move down.
We have these weekly equal lows that I really would like to take, but I'm not hell-bent on that at this moment. Now, what would change my mind is if the four-hour gets a nice displacement shift under any of these lows and closes under it, preferably leaving a fair value gap, and then we can start to look to trade into lows and target sell-side liquidity. But until then, continuation until proven otherwise. All good, brother, looking dapper. I appreciate it. What's up, Hamid?
price action on bitcoin yeah i um haven't been i think ethereum's a better bet but uh with bitcoin here okay yeah this is kind of what i've been watching for on bitcoin is uh push down into these lows right here or this low right here i see a lot of liquidity resting under that especially if you look at a daily um that's kind of like the nearest point that we move very aggressively off of
And then I'll push back up into this region would be nice. There's a lot of forecasting. I'm not wanting to try to predict the future because for one, I think that it can impose a narrative to where you're blinding yourself from what's actually going on. And two, without execution, it doesn't really matter. But this is kind of what I'm seeing. So now I'll take this away. But until I get one of these zones or one of these levels, I'm just not going to trade Bitcoin.
And that's one thing that I think is super important with crypto is, especially lately, these ranges will burn you out if this is all you're trading. I mean, imagine if this is all you've traded. This has been almost two months now. And a little over a week, this will have been two months. And I mean, there's definitely trades to be had. We've taken trades on crypto. We took a trade from here all the way up to this high. But that was a very clear narrative. And now I just see another consolidation where I'm kind of...
You know, we've taken out the liquidity here. Yes, we have a daily fair value gap that never got tapped and buy side up here. But I'm not really seeing the displacement I want to see in order to get long. It's not there for me. So I want more sell side to be taken. Maybe even these equal lows. The only thing about the equal lows that makes me a little hesitant is there was SMT. You know, it wasn't actually equal on Bitcoin. And then if we have Ethereum. Oh, nice. Thanks for subscribing, man.
I don't know. I never realized that was my I need to change. That's like a fucking dinosaur. I knew the stream labs It's funny I should make it a ghost But see how we had this
These equal lows on aetherium and then on Bitcoin We got a lower low. It doesn't look like it, but it did get a lower low very minorly but That was SMT. So, you know, those lows might be protected if we are gonna remain bullish. So that's why I was kind of watching this Can I see the five minute time frame action? What would I call that pump?
So this looks like a rate on stops on sell side liquidity and I was day trading this one could maybe watch This gap right there. I wouldn't really worry about this gap right here if it gets that low I think you're gonna go to the deep The low but again, you want to always you know, the five minute might show this but then if we look at the one hour look at this
always in context of the higher time frame. So for instance, if I just look at this five minute, this looks bullish, right? But I need to know, okay, well, what can, you know, I guess.
What could counteract that bias and it's just like any decision-making? You know the first step is kind of like assessing the situation and like learning where you're at and then making the decision so just because The five minutes saying bull, you know bull or buy we always want to go into the higher timeframes and say like You know make sure I'm very aware where we're at. Is this a high probability? Trade because what I'm seeing now I look at the one hour as I'm seeing
displacement to the downside so if we look we're taking structure the downside taking structure the downside structure the downside so if anything i think you're drawing towards this load because anybody who got active in all of this right here they're getting stopped out right there so that that's where i would be watching for
would be this low and again this low down here as well but um just because it's been the holidays and i'm not really a day trader on crypto at the moment i focus more on indices and um you know so if you got the holidays it's really not what i'm focusing on so i'm not going to look for every single opportunity and i'm not saying there isn't opportunities because there definitely is but um i'm not it's not really what i'm camping around watching for especially right now with the holidays i'm kind of um
It's Friday. I've been out of town all week with my girl's family, and it's just not been the ideal week to trade. I did take one trade on Wednesday, or two trades, actually, two trades. But yeah, I haven't really been very, very extremely active. It's just a lower high on the higher time firms. Yeah, exactly.
if i'm a day trader um one thing i recommend you guys like for instance where i'm more swing trading and short-term trading crypto i'm using a four hour and a 15 minute chart a lot but if i'm day trading something i'm using the one hour the five minute and the one minute more so looking at this on the one hour also um there's the so if you look to sharp push um
actually i think the move if you were going to trade this day trading one thing you guys can use the 8 30 open for for i use it for indices but crypto moves kind of similar to indices so you can use it as kind of a barometer for what's premium or discount right so let's say um you were coming into the market this morning and you didn't have a bias let's say if you're or you weren't very confident so we'll say you came to the market market's about to open
And you're looking around like, okay, well, it's going to fuck us over and show us the candle. TradingView sucks for backtesting or replays. But anyways, you didn't know, okay, we have liquidity here. You've kind of mapped out the range. You say, okay, we've got equal highs here. We've got sell side liquidity here. So what I would do is just wait for one of these to be attacked and use the 830 open as kind of a barometer for premium or discount. So if you see liquidity above the 830 AM open attacked, and then you get a lower timeframe reversal pattern.
then you look to sell into the sell side liquidity and vice versa. If you have the sell side liquidity taken under the 830 open, kind of look at that as a discount. So you're getting price for a cheap, you're getting it low relative to that morning. So for instance, if you're a five minute and you kind of just hang out, so let's say, okay, now price came under here. What I would do is watch the one minute. I'm not sure if it gave a nice,
opportunity or not so two things you could do um you know i wouldn't consider this displaced but really as soon as you got this closure like if i was trading indices you know i'd long something like this but then your stop loss is pretty far and the target would be just that opposing first liquidity so this wouldn't really be a good trade in my opinion and this is how crypto is a lot of the time unfortunately as far as the lower time frames for you know if you're using time with price
that's kind of what i would use now you could have used a lower stop loss if you'd like like some people may have used that that would give you a much more desirable risk to reward but um that's really the main way i would day trade stuff so just a little little insight on that that's kind of what i look for in indices you know caesar's hanging out
Aussie dollar coming closer and closer to our boi That's where I'll be looking for reversal. I will use the lower timeframes to confirm it. I'm not just going to ape into it Yeah, like we were talking about yesterday, everybody's getting burned up here here here here because they're trying to short
at a discount of a range and then they're not using any context so a lot of people just use a fair value gap incorrectly and they think that just because price came in a fair value gap and it reversed that we have to go down for all these lows which is just not the case you want to kind of identify where did price actually start to really push from you know what was the where was the institutional sponsorship so for me i see this range up here and then this right here the reason i like this is because we came down into this low
And then we smash through it and also smash through all this. So you see, where did the impulse really begin to begin here? You could say that. I could see that. And this one gets a little discretional. But for me, this impulse, that's right here and right here. Now, why didn't I choose this zone? Well, because it's not in a...
Premium another thing you can use in terms of helping you select Zones actually I guess it wasn't a premium, but barely it's not as in deep of a premium one thing you can use to help you select zones is optimal trade entry to so This was right above that 705 so right above optimal trade entry and It's more of a
it's closer to a invalidation so for instance if we don't get a nice push out of there or in this region the overall idea is going to change because you know what i posted about on twitter was we had a three drive meaning we had this push up so one two three drives into our daily order block that is also in a premium of this daily range
So another thing too, is we have this weekly order block. We didn't tap into the body down here. So we've got liquidity here, previous monthly low, a lot of pretty clear stop loss areas where if Smart Money was intending to sell from up here, if that's their MO, then they're going to have a lot of orders to pair with in this area. Also, let me see.
Okay, then what's up? I just asked us do I think us 500 taps 3300 next year So that's let's do some fun. I'm glad you asked that. Sorry. That's a little late That's not that bad. So let's look at SPX just for this this chart. Yeah, let's look at SPX in 2008 And to answer your question short, I definitely see that happening So
if we are to see something like this. Now, this is going to be heavily reliant on the Fed's position. There's a lot of things the Fed can do to combat this from happening. I mean, I'm not much of one to trade off of economic predictions, but it's not as a lot of people think where we're just destined for complete carnage. I'm not saying we're not going to have carnage, but there's a lot of stuff that can be done to kind of cushion those blows, so to speak.
But this is a 2008 fractal. So if we look it's not spot-on, right? We have this push-up right here We didn't get I'd say this is more accurate there. So the timelines are a little different, but you can see that they're Very similar now if you notice we haven't had this much of a push yet, but we haven't had the big Death crash so to speak a lot of people think we have I don't think this really I mean, it's bad. It's definitely market crash
And a lot of tech is down, you know, massively. And I'm not saying we're just going to dump to the heavens from here, to the depths of hell from here. But when I look at these charts, let's look at ES on a monthly chart. Or actually, let me go back to SPX. On a monthly chart, you know, if we look at the institutional order flow, like where we really pushed off of, and we have this monthly order block from COVID.
Then if we look right here, I think we have a new range we're kind of playing within. It's going to be right here. This is kind of the range I think we're playing within right now. It's at 39 and 33.85. It's for SPX. It might be a little different for ES, but...
Yeah, I think that we're definitely we're due to come down deeper into this So now if we look into a weekly, you know, we kind of look at this big up candles the beginning of a bearish order block Yeah, that's kind of too early to call because we haven't engulfed it yet, but Your price is showing bearish indication at this moment. So We've got lows down here
Got a weekly order box like this is what I like to do with those monthly levels. So if we look here and this was the monthly order box so if I want to Refine that I can look okay. We'll go to a weekly so I'll draw this right Make sure I can see it everything so that that's on a weekly also you look we have liquidity right under that's pretty close to your level of 3300 If we want to go even deeper we can go to a daily and you can even go Down here right into that order block where that big gap is right there
So you can see how you can stack these levels in order to get more of a precise Area and also notice how again, it's right under that monthly water box. I think this would be a very highly
It'd be a it'd be likely to bounce from here. And if you go again, you've got that monthly order block just under us. So You know that massive code order box. So what I would see most likely is Kind of consolidation here just another push up and then now we get back into these areas and You know this this wouldn't Surprise me if we took out code and that would be great. I'm not saying response 120 200, but I could see it. I could definitely see it I try to play more like stepping stones
and say like okay from where we're at now
on the weekly chart, I would say there is a possibility we take out all these highs right here. That would be the ideal move and trade up into this order block or this volume imbalance right here. So that would be what I'd like to see. And that would give the highest probable short entries. But after that, I see this low getting taken. And the only thing that will switch that for me is if we get displacement above that high from
August before the Jackson Hole before the real carnage started to happen.
I guess that I wouldn't say they're real carnage, but and we talked about all this Those are you guys that are newer on July 6 you can go on the YouTube and watch the video that I put out about with the markets recovering and then all through the streams after that we talked about these equal highs right there and see price move right up off of them and Right back to the lows just like we anticipated and I even thought that was a little crazy at that point I was kind of like, you know, I didn't want to come out publicly and say that but
that's what i thought and a lot of times you have to trust the chart you know you can't there's so many times in my trading career where i've said oh this is crazy like that's not gonna happen but it happened you know so don't ever doubt yourself don't ever doubt your ta no matter how crazy it looks like for instance with bitcoin um and play but we've been talking about 15k me and playboy for i don't even know how long this monthly for everybody you got or not 15 um what was it 16.
I think it's a different chart where it's like 16K. Yeah, it was in this area. Or no, it was weekly, not monthly. My bad. It was down into... I don't know what the chart was. I thought it was 16K. But we've been talking about this fair value gap for some time. This was back whenever we were closer to 25K in these regions. And that sounded crazy at that point. Everybody wanted Bitcoin to go up higher, and it just didn't work out that way. So don't ever doubt the charts.
Your coffee is in the... Oh, it came? Oh, it's okay. It's on camera. But, um... Nice. Got that new blazer. New blazer. Hell yeah. That's nice. Um, your coffee's in the fridge. Yeah, I'll throw it over here. It's a New Year's fit. Getting ready. But, um... Sorry. Can I remember? Oh, yeah. Oh, no. That wasn't it. I don't know. Gone.
If you have any if you guys have any coins or anything you want to go over don't hesitate to Throw some of the chat room No dice. I think it was a four-hour zone. Actually. I did react kind of nicely. I just didn't go up as high as I'd like Back in this zone now Yeah me so Yeah, the swing structure that you're operating within
pretty wide in my opinion I'll be looking at all this so I look at it like okay well what what reason do we have to go higher here because this is we're in a bearish range I like for actually doing that like this we're in a bearish range where
You know, here's our external buy side. Here's our external sell side We came up we filled this fair value gap right here with this price action We also traded into these buy-to-sell wicks. This is another way we talked about this yesterday and those you've been in the discord have heard me talk about strategy before but a lot of people I see the ICT don't know so these Strategies because they've only watched the newer stuff, but if you I'm really tracing the waterfall here I see the price went whenever we took structure, right because here was our first low we took
We took it what happened? We tried it back in this order box. Then what happens next structure again?
okay what happens after that we trade under this order block so then a lot of people look at this and say okay i'm just watching the fair value gap because there's not a clear order block but you have to remember that price is fractal and i hate that saying because it's overused but it's true so we look here we have every range we have that's an order block it is a buy to sell range meaning price moves and buys so that's where you get those up candles and then it sells taking structure so that's why we use up close candles because it's a buy to sell range and if
price is bearish smart money is going to be selling the upwards that's why we see bullish candles and a bearish trend as support aka order blocks so if we have a buy to sell move just because it's not a blue candle on this time frame doesn't mean we can't go into a lower time frame and i don't know why it's not showing on the hourly chart oh it's because i was not in the right spot
But if you look here, look at that. Nice zone right there. That one hour, and that's four hour, one hour, however you'd like to look at it. It's a high value zone. So...
If we go back and look where we reacted off of, it's right here. So then I look, okay, you know, what was the last candle? We could even use the last group right here, to be honest, before we had this pushed down. So this is what I've been waiting for, because we're now, in my opinion, we're seeking out stops on the sell side. So you've got lows here, lows here, here. All these lows can be targeted, right? You've got imbalance there.
So we're looking at this as kind of our dealing range that we're operating within in the bigger picture. Just look at, if we're shorting from a premium, you can look at imbalances or liquidity, really imbalances or liquidity, but imbalances or lows to target in the discount of the range or this down here. Now, this is going to be an overall target. Now, we do have some areas that we could still come back and trade.
yeah i don't i like this because look we had a high resistance run on liquidity price comes up into the zone taps it then what happens nosedive so we didn't um get all the way where i wanted to seems like that might have been a nice zone but um now i'm kind of just tracing the order flow again um what i would wait for here is a liquidation of all this up here so whenever we have these trend confirmations oh what the hell's going on
You know prices kind of moving up and we're in this uptrend
Now we change, right? After we change again, a lot of people want to trade from this order block, right? Because they're trying to follow the trend. Now, what I like to do is wait for that second break structure. This just gives me more confirmation of the overall trend that it's moving down now. If I can click that the overall trend is moving down, seeking out all these lows. But I'm not necessarily going to look to trade off of this right here. Oftentimes, guess where everybody...
If we're looking at this from the perspective of where did the big people get involved? Where are the first cells, so to speak? It's coming in this range right here.
this zone right here is the important range you can watch. Now, why not all of this? Because quite frankly, you could miss a trade. It might come up here and then move down. But the way I look at it is this is where all the trailing stops are. So there's gonna be a ton of liquidity up here, front running these unmitigated zones. So the way I take this is, okay, I'm not gonna trade here as far as to swing short. I'm gonna wait for price to cut there. Now, if it doesn't come there,
that's totally fine miss out on the trade whatever for a swing opportunity now um you're kind of day trading this so to speak i would look at this like you just took out a low what did you trade into didn't trade into that fair value you get just yet i would say it's probably gonna make one more low i see this is like a little impulse move down we can look at this on a lower time frame like a 15 minute
This is kind of your current external structure in a 15 minute so you can see this price action looks awful as far as just like the actual candles looks super illiquid isn't something I wouldn't be day trading but You probably have this whole region you can be watching for bearish price action to target that low because you're front-running that fair value gap So you've got equal lows relatively go back after that one hour you can see right here
so i would be targeting that low in the fair value gap but after that point you might start to get that retracement that we would need in order to get into cells so that's kind of how i would trade it um i wouldn't force into it and like looking at xmr it was similar right but if we look this is where that first big push happened that hadn't been mitigated because if we look up here
At that time, we'd already traded into this cell right there. So that little last buy to sell. We traded into it. Okay, buy to sell, right? And then we use this with a lower time frame to get higher risk reward. So I just got so close to getting breakeven, but I mean, it's barely anything of a position left anyways. I've already hit all three of the TPs. Take a look at ETH. Oh yeah, and you're awesome too. I appreciate it. I'm glad I could help.
What are the possibility that it's still a bubble we tell I like crypto or just like the world Sorry, I don't know what what time that popped up and see it. Is it possible for you to help summarize? ICT is a recent tweet about fair value gap Let's take a look because I have no idea. I haven't even seen it trying to find what you're referring to Okay, maybe this notice how the fair value gap are acting like actual support and resistance
I think he's just saying that I hate rage shadow legends, but I Think he's just saying basically that fair value gaps are better than support resistance I'm not sure if that's what you're what you're talking about. Hopefully. I'm not sure if that's not what you're asking Let me know the theorem Still waiting on a sweep of this low. So we get a sweep of this low right here
So push under there and then a break of structure. That's what I'm looking for. Because again, we have this water block right there. Water block right there. And we've tapped into it once, but I want to sweep. Now I might not get that. If I don't, no trade. Now if we get price moving around all the way up here and then I get it. And then I get the structure. There we go. Same thing. I'm going to look to trade here and then take it up into these equal highs. Now that's low hanging fruit. Overall, I'd like to see this daily break or four hour breaker block right there.
And this is clean-ass high resistance run on liquidity. This breakers already been mitigated right there. So let's see. Down, back up, and then down. Thanks for subscribing. Appreciate you. So, yeah, for ETH, I would be patiently waiting. I am patiently waiting. Gold. So gold overall, I think, is going to move into this high, just because this lackluster push down. We got a push-up above these...
This this high over here is relatively equal highs in the lower time frame and we had a nasty reaction But we didn't really take much structure displacement, you know, yeah, we barely got under this level We couldn't even close the candle on this. So, you know lack of displacement down more up so Also traded right into this volume imbalance right there. So I would say the draw on liquidity is this high right here, so
that's what i'd be watching for now if you were trying to actually trade that you could hop in and if you establish your higher time frame draw now you could use the lower time frames to try to trade it oh it did damn i didn't have a alarm set what was oh it was this it was a five minute candle yeah it was we talked about that yesterday on stream damn r.i.p well it reacted pretty nicely off of it anybody got into i probably want to try it anyways i'm tracing the order flow here
Yeah, it looks good my god looks good up to this high up here 1841 on CME futures and the continuous contract But that gold have more up in my opinion
Also for you gold guys really watch DXY because DXY and gold I mean yes DXY works great with any USD pairs but really with gold DXY the dollar strength is very important for gold so if we look we see the dollars drawing down and that weekly target we've had for some time so we can say that okay well if I already think that gold is drawing up and we know that the dollar is drawing down then you know you have both confuences where you can be a lot more confident
um if we just did he should brum we just did he's um okay at a leak he said he made a thread on es fair value gap then he marked the h4 h1 and m15 fair value gap he was trying to explain the reaction of price going into it post a chart um if you post a chart i'll just do media was it this that's a video
So, I'm not sure. I'll see this right here. What I would say so far, just looking at it, it's just refining fair value gaps. So, we've talked about this. I actually have a video talking about, I think, which zone is the trade from. I can't remember what it's called. But, yeah, so he's just starting with a big four-hour fair value gap and then marking out where the discount of that four-hour value gap, four-hour fair value gap is on the other time frame. So, for instance, let's go to ES on one of these massive.
So, yes, let's do this. So if we had a good example of this. Okay, start with a weekly. So let's say back in August or before August. So let's say we start out with this right here.
So if you have this massive fair value gap, okay, well, that's cool, but you probably do a little bit better in terms of refining that now. So if we take a fib and draw it on that gap, we can say, okay, well, what gap is in a discount or a, in this example, a premium? So then you could take that zone and say, okay, well, I'm going to, you know, you don't have to just get rid of that zone, but you could maybe draw a new one and say, okay, well, this fair value gap, or you could just draw the beginning of the line like he did.
Right back Okay, well there's that and then now if you're on a daily go down to like maybe a four hour and see if there's anything in there So it's really just providing refining gaps. That's what I gather from it And that's something you need to do if you have a massive gap Such as something like this because if we're looking to trade Profitably we need to be at least semi-precise. You don't have to be sniping tops and bottoms, but you can't Use a massive range now. I'm using the weekly daily and for our for example
you could use the 15 minute five and one minute you could use the four hour one hour and 15 minute um it's just translating concepts throughout different perspectives so any time any analysis can be done on multiple time frames so well all analysis should be done on multiple time frames it's goal to sell it now we we just went up our goal you guys it's funny you and uh raj both came in right after we
Went over what you asked so going I would say is a buy Actually super clean price action here order plug we notice bullish order block right here trades into it Right trades out of it bringing structure trades right here comes out again pushes back out of that bullish order box We're just watching order flow. So, you know, we established that the four hour
look at four hour it's bullish structure overall right we've got high low high low and then we come up we fail to close above that so that that could be looked at as a bearish indicator but if we notice what happened we came down with that low we couldn't hold on to it under it so lack of displacement down more up so you're going to start your buy side liquidity
And you can target it like highs along the way on the lower timeframes. For instance, if you were a trader in here, let's just say you traded right there. All you had to get was that. You don't have to get more than that. You don't have to always target the massive endgame target. You know what I mean? You can just trade with the order flow. Let's say if you traded in here on the lower timeframes, you could have taken it right there. So if you traded right here, you'd take it right there. Or if you traded right here, you'd take it right here. You don't have to get every last pip in order to make money.
Oftentimes you like more money getting in and out, but it can be a little more difficult. So principles. Well, I'm probably going to go ahead and wrap this up, guys. As always, I really appreciate you all coming through.
Like I said at the beginning of the stream, just take some time to reflect and be thankful for how much you've learned this year. Even if you're not profitable yet, even if you just started, just pat yourself on the back for kind of scratching into the space, getting far enough to find really good teachers. I try to do my best. There's a lot of other people out here doing stuff. Sorry, guys.
you know, just don't forget to be thankful, reflect, you know, ask yourself what could I have done better and what are your goals for this new year? So I think as a trader, you really should set some goals. Maybe it's being funded. Maybe it's increasing what you're already funded. If you're a funded trader, maybe it's, you know, to become profitable. Maybe it's to start trading life. Whatever it is, just set goals with times because if you don't have time, you're not going to hold yourself accountable. You know, I recommend at least quarterly goals.
and that should be with everything not just trading but anyways um happy new year guys be safe um go hard but don't go too hard tomorrow and i will see you guys on monday or tuesday actually tuesday i'm gonna upload some videos um i don't think i was gonna upload a video today or yesterday i think i'm gonna wait until after the new year so there'll be a market maker video coming out soon i appreciate each and every one of you happy new year those to you that are in the private discord i will see you tomorrow for our class
If you're not in the private Discord, you can use the code at the bottom of the screen at the link in the description to get a free trial. Or actually, I forget again. You can use code FREE, all caps, just F-R-E-E, to get a free month. And that link is in the description. So hopefully I see you guys in the class tomorrow. And if not, I'll see you on Tuesday. Peace.
