what's good everybody on youtube so um pretty wild day today with cpi the lowest you know 7.1 is what it came in at so that's the uh lowest since december 2021 and first off dark casper i want to go over this because you've been asking for a while the 20-day trading range so ict teaches um 20 and 40 20 40 and 60 day trading ranges god look at that candle that looks awful
20, 60, and 40-day trading ranges for the IPTA, or the Interbank Price Delivery Algorithm, for what levels they're seeking out. Basically, it's just the last 20 days, so we'll go back 20 days, and you can, the way that, if you want to monitor this.
you could basically draw a box like this, and every day you just move it over one just to know where it's at, and then you can hide it. You can right-click and then hide it, but overall...
The idea of it is, it's kind of just like another range. Like you can ask yourself, am I on a premium or a discount? Am I tapping maybe an optimal trade entry? And also look for price delivery arrays or liquidity to be sought after whenever you're developing your draw on liquidity. So if you're a day trader and you're trying to find more short-term draws on liquidity, they're usually going to be within the last 20 days, most of the time.
So that's pretty much it for that. I mean, you could delve into it and make it a long conversation. That's what you need to know about it. We'll review this one trade. I got stopped at an ES long this morning. It happens. I wanted to see us push back up into this fair value gap. I looked at this as kind of like the initial fair value gap, the rebalanced. And then on the lower timeframes, I saw some equal highs here. So it would have taken out some of those trailing stops.
Prices didn't do it. It just happens. Another conference was under the 830 open in the fair value gap that was created from CPI in the optimal trade entry of the CPI move, so to speak, from candle bodies. Now, if I could have drawn it up higher, it would still be an optimal trade entry, but it would have been an optimal trade entry sooner. Took a loss there. No big deal.
Same thing this morning. We trimmed off half of our Bitcoin longs and it's super super nice point so or It's you know wins and losses. It's it is what it is So Bitcoin we've been talking about this on stream for quite a while didn't quite go back to the POI that I wanted I just CPI just sent it I Will say this doesn't look too great like that kind of price action. Let me just hide some of this so it's cleaner
So when I look at this on a daily chart, you know, that's that's pretty fucking ugly in terms of
I mean, we just took out that high, a lot of displacement going into it, a lot of displacement now coming out of it. But we still haven't really formed any kind of structure on like a one hour or a five or 15 minute that, you know, we haven't, you know, down here is really the next low. So when you have these massive moves, you can expect massive retracements. Now this, I will say, it doesn't look great. We didn't close above that high. We candle shelved right off of it on the one hour. Four hour didn't close above it.
daily is most likely not going to close above it. But if you look down here, the last time we had CPI, it was a lot different, right? Not last time we had CPI. The last bullish major reaction was the October CPI. And we had that massive push down first, and then we started to push up, and it kind of looks similar, like an inverse of that. But again, it's too early to call that.
We talked about the bonds and divergence between SMT. Now it did not hold, right? So we're seeing a higher high on bonds, short-term notes, long-term notes, everything. And then now we are actually seeing a lower low on the dollar. Now with the dollar, we're getting closer to that target we've talked about for a while. All this is not just in a, you know, it's not coincidental.
with the fact that we have so much news this week. Again, whenever we have a lot of high impact news, we're going to see lower probability conditions. And we'll also see a lot of money cycled out through all markets. So that will lead to volatility in the dollar. And we're getting closer to that monthly level. So I think the dollar is drawing down into this. Now, that would be a little inverse to looking at this as a bearish rate on liquidity for ES. So I'm not very bearish yet. I mean, I...
Somebody asked me in chat today if this was potentially just exit liquidity. It could be. It definitely could be. But I also think we could even form some form of more buy side liquidity above this weekly high. Because when I'm looking at this weekly range, we have this high sitting right optimal trade entry. Barely tapped into this order block. And we have a volume imbalance above. So theoretically on a weekly, if I'm looking at it.
from the perspective of ranges wait what is this oh there's a fucking everyone yeah report the spam account i can't even do anything on it i guess did it get hold on why can't i do anything i'm not sure it might be i'm clicking the three dots i can't do it oh yeah please report the porn bots guys we don't want any of the good citizens falling for them the sad thing is that those are active enough to there's somebody has to fall for those but
Back to the charts.
The notion that we're just super bearish from here, I'm not really convinced of that just yet. I could see manipulation through this whole week though. I mean, we've got a lot of liquidity generated under this range, massive fair value gap. So again, that price can do a lot of stuff without going ultimately bearish for me. Mainly, it's if we do continue down and we go into these lows, I want to see a nice sharp reaction out of that, if that's the case. If we don't and we just hold this range, we start to push back up.
that will also be bullish. So overall, where we're at now, it's too early to call exactly what I think. Really, I want to say this day close. Now, if this day closes like this, I would say lower lows, right? I would say you're going into these lows. So if the daily close is anything like this, I would say you're going to see most likely this pipped out.
Or at least, you know, low-hanging fruit would be this low. Because that's really where we expanded the most. You know, again, if we go back to that one hour, you have to get displacement under here to get bearish structure there. Because we still, we've just really filled an imbalance here. There's nothing necessarily super bearish about this yet on a one hour. Yes, we did come off of a high pretty aggressively. But other than that, you know, that's about all you got for a bearish case.
Good morning, everybody. What's up, Chapo? You flopped? You thought you shorted?
You just didn't short it, I guess. And then Bitcoin go up or down. Went up this morning. I got fucking eaten alive by swap fees. I kind of learned a lesson there. I didn't think this trade would take this long, but thank God the trade moved in my direction pretty well because if it hadn't, I would have gotten eaten on swap. I could have gotten break-evened and lost a nice little bit, but lesson learned as far as that not to trade.
certain trades i didn't think it was gonna take this long though but um yeah i took 50 this morning right after cpi i almost took 50 right before it and i was like dude you've already you know just stops a break even you've already gotten in a lot of swaps at this point you have to to at least don't just trim before the noose and i'm very thankful i did not i would have been down bad i've been sad um
What's up, Bjorn? DXY has a daily fare value gap inside the weekly. Are nested gaps like that more significant? That's a great question. So whenever you have higher time frame levels, like the monthly, the weekly, and the daily coinciding with each other, that automatically adds value. For instance, a lot of you guys have seen me the way I like to mark up my monthly levels. So if I go to just pick a random pair, we'll pick GJ. This is actually a really shit pair to do this with. I'll pick another pair. Let's pick...
GU how about that and I'll do a different chart So I'm not marking mine up. So if I'm looking at my monthly levels I'm gonna look at the most recent Pro trend, you know, obviously on the monthly chart. We're in a downtrend You know, we're making lower lows overall So I'm gonna look at the most recent up close candle and I'm gonna mark that out as a monthly order block the most recent and then I'm gonna find the most recent counter Order blocks of principle here. I have a bearish order block. I'm just using bodies
then I'm going to mark the most recent bullish order block. And a lot of people are going to say that this isn't an order block because it hasn't broken structure. First of all, it has if you use short-term high.
short-term high analysis, but basically what I'm using there is just a down close candle that's been engulfed. That's originally how ICT taught order block. So the reason I do this is I can then go on the weekly chart and I can look for other levels. Look at that, that coincide with it. And this is how I get a lot of my levels. So I have some secret sauce. So look, if I look here, okay, you know, here we go. Okay. You know, you can start and then maybe if I want to go to a daily and you don't have to do this, but if I,
hold on i don't know why my visibility sometimes um just like random i don't i don't know what template does that or what because i don't have anything that's not visible in days that's the thick lines but um
And I can go in here and say, okay, well, you know, now move this over here. You see what I mean? You can continuously do it and move it however you like, and you can start getting those higher value levels and refining them. For this strategy, I wouldn't recommend going lower than a daily, you know, and then you could build off that on other timeframes, but as far as for the levels. So you're kind of developing a range. And you can also use this with the last 20 days.
um you know if it's relevant to it sometimes like in this example it's much longer i mean this is all the way back to june but these are just levels that i think are important to have on your chart they're monthly uh very you know usually on a monthly order block that's a pretty there's going to be a lot of uh institutional involvement in those candles so you want to kind of break them down and dissect where pinpoint a little bit more than a monthly chart
So you can also use premium and discount of these ranges, optimal trade entry, whatever you'd like. I just use premium and discount. I don't really go much farther than that. And a lot of times the range itself, not the time span between the two levels, but the range itself oftentimes will coincide with your 20-day ranges. So for instance, this one's a little longer.
But it's similar. So, for instance, you can use it as a confluence. You know, if we're in premium of this, we're in premium of the last 20 days, we're in the refined order block. Those can all add to building a bearish bias, so to speak, if you start to see structure. I agree with that. I did go over the 20-day range theory, Dark Casper. I did go over it. I don't know if you were away, but I did go over it at the beginning of the video.
If you want to rewind, I think my video is set to where you can rewind and then watch it and then ask me some questions if you have them while I'm live. But it's pretty simple, I think. It's basically, I can explain it pretty quickly again. Take the last 20 days and then use that as a trading range. So for instance, if I'm paying attention to the last 20 days, do it again. That wasn't right. And also another thing that I left out earlier, ICT.
I've seen him teach it two different ways to be quite honest. I've seen him use 20 candles or 20 days. I'll leave that up to you guys because with Forex, we know that weekends don't necessarily count. So 20 candles is ideally, would make more sense to me than 20 days because you see it's 28 days, but 20 days of price action, it usually lines up pretty nicely with these monthly levels and the ranges.
you play between them. But again, that's something else you guys have to back test and see what works best for you. This cachava shit, it's not even a, I mean, it has protein in it, but it's like a superfood shake. It is so fire. Like it's actually a meal replacement. I usually don't eat breakfast. I'll drink coffee and then I drink one of these for lunch. And I'm like not even really hungry to like early afternoon because it has all sorts of vitamins and stuff in it.
um es one chart it took the high oh yes like the mini chart took the high i didn't i did it did it right here and that's weird we're coming to the uh and that's crazy that much of a divergence glad you pointed that out hoss let's see something really quick just upper interest
Okay, so ESH has overtaken. It had overtaken a little sooner, but now what we want to start watching over the last week, I probably should have been watching it more, but it's the ESH. Now, we were talking about this a little more, about gold and everything. This is how you determine what the current contract is. It's just what has the highest open interest. So I'm actually going to go ahead, boom, boom, boom, and go to the March 2023. Damn, it's crazy to hear that. 2023.
World is ending. I'm just kidding. Where am I? Oops. Did I add it? No. Make sure you always are keeping up to track with that. I was a little late on that one, to be honest. I should have changed it a little sooner. Because I saw the open interest was higher on it earlier this week, I think. Or might have been. No, I think it was last week. I just didn't change it yet. But so the open interest now is higher on these charts. So these old levels, it's going to be a little different in terms of...
like the old levels back here, sometimes it'll be a little different, but you want to be watching these, because even if they entered these contracts, for instance, and it's like a swing to institutional stops, you know, they're still going to place them under levels, usually found on this chart. So it didn't get taken there. That's super weird. I almost don't like when that happens, because you have that in the back of your head. I would focus on the one that has the highest open interest. So right now, ESH.
Dom asked for Euro USD. Hey, you're the USD sniper, bro. Watch you. You kill it, bro. Like, I'm super happy to see your progression. It's pretty impressive. It's one of the better traders I see that's trading Forex in the group. Moving in silence, too, always. But I think you're double funded now, aren't you? So with Euro, you know, on the monthly chart, yes, we're moving into this level.
but I almost have some form of feeling that we're going to take this out. So if I look at the weekly chart, we can move this and we can have another order block, right? This is the one I'd be focusing, which we're trading into, trading above these highs. We might see some form of retracement here, especially if the dollar starts reversing in that area. And I think really FOMC tomorrow is going to be massive. Like that's going to be, it's going to show a lot of,
Show the hand so to speak now when I look at the monthly As we took the sell side liquidity in the last couple years on euro into This fair value gap back here
Now when we look at price and we see that price is taking liquidity into a point of interest And we're starting to reverse off of it a lot of times that's gonna mean a bullish rally Especially these higher time frames now when I go down to the weekly to kind of confirm that you know the weekly structure here, you know, it was kind of just this Death spiral down that now we've taken structure with massive displacement Came back down into that fair value gap and expand it off of it. So
Originally this week, I was wanting to see a little bit more of a bearish euro. I didn't really want to trade anything until after this was taken, and it got taken today. Nice closure above it, too. So when I'm looking at euro, I would say you're at a pretty pivotal moment as far as... Is this my euro chart? It's a different one. Yeah, it is. I don't know if it's a different feed. So you're at a pretty pivotal moment.
or pivotal level, not pivotal moment. It's like a dramatic movie. But you're in this weekly order block. You're taking out these highs. We've got FOMC tomorrow. The dollar's about to be at a key level. So I would like to see some retracement. Now, if the Fed says something that makes the dollar...
weekend tomorrow that can get thrown out the window that's why I don't want to get too attached to either bias ideally though I want to see a push back down a little bit into this displacement so I look at the weekly displacement if we just drop in the bottom the top no matter where you draw it you know if we draw from this low this low whatever I mean this load probably like the current
More current one, but you haven't came back down into this discount pricing area and you form some liquidity right here and we're trading into a higher time frame POI so What I do whenever it pairs are like a really high time frame levels like this I usually kind of chill if they're not my main pair, you know, I I don't watch euro as much during the year the New York session like in the mornings is like like I do indices So here at this moment, you know, the displacements up right on the four hour
If we look at the daily chart, we've kind of just been inching up. Price is kind of coiling. It's coming up above these highs. So we're trading this fair value gap here as well. I would probably see some downside imminent soon. But again, until the four hour is showing displays on the downside, really a one hour at minimum, I wouldn't be trying to sell it either. It's just getting to that point where you're inching up to how much more is it going to give. Now, how could that be?
If I'm wrong, what I would want to see is a nice push above this weekly order block right here, this candle, and get a nice close up there. Now, at that point, we're bullish, and I would say that I'm invalidated. But until then, I'm trying to be patient with Euro. Another thing, too, we're getting closer to the holidays. Everything's going to be a little choppy. Forex in the winter goes crazy, but still, overall.
That's wild about ES, though. Erased that whole move. Pretty massive day there. Yeah, of course, Dom, no problem. What's up, Zenith? 20 days is one month. I think these are the weekdays. Yes, there are 20 weekdays in most calendar months. So, short on EU, on the OB, likely more to the upside.
Well, if you're short and you think there's likely more upside that's never fun But I know I know what you mean you look on it. You're like damn. It's probably just why I got more in it But I mean I I could see it. I mean, you know now the only thing is if you use
equilibrium you don't want to see a close above the EQ of the body which we're reacting up a nice we kind of dug past it though but I always take that with a grain of salt because you know on a weekly level you'll oftentimes look have another daily order block like that right there and you took a lot of liquidity so at this point the way I would like to confirm this is start to watch the four hour the one hour for a
Ship to the downside so for instance, you know most recent low is gonna be that if we could get price to Travel down through that with displacement form a gap, you know, this is where you'd start to frame trades around and start to try to Take liquidity and continue that bearish order flow But again, it's it's all crystal ball until it happens. Oops. I didn't mean to undo that one. There we go. I wanted to look at Adam I type Adam mess it up like every time
Okay, so is origin origin was asking about this in the chat and discord it's doing kind of what we wanted to do here, but Look at the four hour
Did it trade back up into this? I mean, I guess really the supply zone I wanted to watch was this kind of flip zone, so to speak, or a drop base drop in the lower timeframes, but it seems like this water block may have been the move. Now, I am watching this for a sell. What I want to see is displacement under this, and then I'll look to sell probably from somewhere in this candle up in here. I'm going to tag him in chat if he's not in here.
Last since I'm lucky I saw that I was actually in crypto chat member always ask me and in the stream chatter I won't see it or is he even in here? If you just asked me in general. Oh, yes, you are I know if you were asking me like just in the chat I looked at oil this morning for a very brief second just because I knew it was gonna be moving a bunch so Oops, the daily There's a weekly order block beginning right there. You see that Also on the daily we have this imbalance we're trading within
So let's look on the week. I want to see what we traded into. I mean, we did trade. I'm not really paying that too much attention. I still like this low. So what I'd look for here is displacement under right now there. So I'd look for displacement taken out of that low. And then you do have a fair value gap you want to watch out for. You know, you could get displacement into this and still get a reaction. But overall, I would look for bearish order flow to begin.
I'd be looking to sell overall. I'm not I wouldn't You know ape into it just yet I would want to kind of layer it down and and make sure all the time frames are agreeing with me
But I think the draw, I like this fair value gap right here. And I like that weekly order block. So you've got two levels. You could come up a little farther. That's why I want to wait for structure to form. Ideally, what would happen is if we could maybe trade down a little bit, put in a new low, and then take that low out with displacement. So that's the setup I'd be watching for on oil. Yeah. You can't type in stream chat? Like if you go over the...
Like the actual stream like if you click where you click to get in there and then there's like a chat I don't know not not the actual channel. This has stream chat It's so I wish we need to get rid of that because it's so confusing. There's like Two places for you guys, but either way, I always try to see I don't mind it It's just that I don't see it sometimes and I'll be like damn afterwards. I'll see it be too late Let's watch Adam. Oh, there's my internet going maybe maybe not go bmb
See, nothing yet. BNB just barely made an insolvency. Rumors are hurting them. Litecoin never came. Wait. Oh, never mind. I need to... Let's help my screen. Dude, XMR, when it moves, it moves, but when it doesn't, it's just like this barcode action. Still waiting on XMR, personally. Doing a sudden alert, though. Last time we shorted XMR, it was crazy. All these zones get violated. Oh, yeah, there was... Oh, yeah, Solana.
I'm not super eager to trade Solana just because of all the madness going on. But it did hit the zone we talked about yesterday. And that was why I was saying like watch for this zone. Don't watch this. You know, watch this zone right here. So watch that. It got hit. So we've rated liquidity into this zone. And this is, you know, an example of why I like using sweeps. Because look, so like let's say if you traded this right there.
So you came up in here, and you found an entry somewhere in here, and you shorted. You probably got some good gains, but if you didn't take all of them here, break even your stops, you got completely reversed on. Only for it to probably move back lower, because you have all these equal lows. And most likely, if you were in here, you were targeting here, and you got... That'd suck. So...
I like where we're at with Sol overall, but I want to see more structure for him. So no lows really to take for a while. So I'll probably wait on that one. We'll just watch Adam for now. So I want to see more displacement than that. I want to get a nice closure under it. If I can get that, I will start to watch this up here. But again, it's kind of a waiting process, and this is probably going to get eviscerated by tomorrow, but we'll see.
It's ES to an, oh, wow, it's just massive dump. Even the Russell's dumping. Nothing automatic yet. I don't know, actually. Let's see if there's some liquidity taken there. Trade it up into this candle up here. Again, I think there's so much.
Structure that has to develop before there's really any kind of good confirmations Because if you see like all the lows really that are you know, we're watching for for these strategies are way down here. So it's like I Mean yeah, I guess once you came down and take that you could frame a trade, but it's gonna be a little bit Same thing I think really I don't know actually to be fair link doesn't look that bad for short Took after this little take I take in there nice push down
I like this
Well, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna send an alert because we have FOMC tomorrow. I'm not just gonna have limits sitting overnight before that. It's just not something I can't make myself do. So what I will do is I'll set an alert for this candle right here that came up and took liquidity and watch for a reversal from that zone because I see we could come down to this fair value gap. Then at that point, we might see a little bit of a reversal up into this zone. Now, if we get the pattern we're looking for on every entry,
We're going to look to get short there and target these lows down here. Probably even maybe a little farther. That's still a good move. But yes, that's a nice trade to watch is link. XRP. Everything's coming up into these zones we've drawn out. Wait on XRP still. Not much. We've got stopped at entry on those FTM trades. Hit 1TP. Stop at entry. Can't be mad at it.
Yeah, I don't think everything's such a wide range. It needs a little bit of time to cool off DXY. Oh, what's up Bjorn? Sorry, I haven't looked at the chat in a second. Um, no, no, that's an old one. I need to scroll down. I thought you said yellow stuff again.
Is December trading harder? And if so, when does it go back to normal? For indices, I would say yeah. Overall, I mean, you're getting close to the end of the year, Christmas time in the United States. It's not the ideal time to trade. And I know ICT doesn't come back and start trading until February. Forex, though, in the winter usually moves very well. So I would be watching Forex pairs after Christmas. And you've got to remember,
We're trying to trade off of banks manipulation. So if we're trading at times where banks aren't really operating as much, there's not that much economic data coming out, then we're putting ourselves in those positions where we're going to get chopped up.
The FUD I read was regarding sanctioned circumventions by Binance to aid Iran, but at this point, who really knows? Yeah, I don't know, man. Until it happens, it doesn't matter to me. If they go insolvent, that'd suck, but that's all that would matter to me is if they actually go insolvent. Now, if their rumors are going insolvent, this and that, I just try to look at the chart.
use that instead be mindful of the news but don't be you know manipulated by it so to speak if you guys want to throw me some crypto it'd be dope so i can get some setups to look at where adam's looking like there we go that looks like it looks nice but it's just hard for me to set limits what i'll do is i'll put these in and if they're not um
Well on their way and moving away from the entry by FOMC where I can basically I'll either cancel the limits if they haven't filled By FOMC or if they have filled in there in profits, I will Play stops it a little ahead of entry to account for slippage at five ticks in my glasses Yeah, I like the setup I like how it took these highs originally I was watching this but I didn't short it because where we were at in the morning after that news
I'd like to see if we can maybe travel a little into this fair value gap, not mitigate it, get a reaction up, and then come into our zone. Be a nice trade. EU. We already went over EU a little earlier, if you want to rewind. I mean, basically, I'll run over it.
We're in the monthly and weekly order blocks and we tapped in the daily order block today right over here Took out all this liquidity from these highs and this high right here So now I would be waiting for the lower timeframes to get some displacement to the downside of the breaks of structure before I would look to frame any retracement Where I would like to see that retracement is into this low right here You could also watch you know other low-hanging fruit levels like this low right here
so for instance if we could get a nice um either we form a new low and put in a higher low something like this and then get a shift down you know then we can start to look to frame entries from that and start targeting down here or down well well if we haven't taken that you could target that as well for low hanging fruit but again i'm not one to want to just keep longing until it goes short you know what i mean um
i like it when it's trending and it has a clear direction once prices get to very key levels i kind of tend to hang out and wait and see what they're going to do before i continue to trade um trust verify yeah i agree i don't use the crypto pair screener i've looked at it like um where is it right here yeah i've looked at it but i really use it too much what exactly
What exactly do you like to look at on here? I'm curious. I haven't looked at it in a long time. I will say that. Siacoin. Trend following? Is this like people are looking at it or what? Like actually like the trend of the price. I'm saying Siacoin, Doge. You said ETN. I saw that. Let's look at ETN. I never really use this. I've looked at it. ETN. Electronium.
That's a funny-ass name. This has been around for a long time. Well, on the weekly chart, we've got still that low down there. But to be fair, you've got this weekly little order block down here. You take that out. Now you're still in this. So weekly order block. Daily's still not really giving me what I'd want to see if I was using weekly zones.
I mean, I don't know. I mean, you could use this if you wanted. I'll keep an eye on this just because it's not that bad on the higher timeframes. So what I would want to see is move back down into this. If I'm looking for these really major reversals, you know, I want to layer it through all timeframes. And you did take out all these lows into that weekly order block and price is kind of consolidating and starting to come out of it. So it doesn't look horrible.
You try the daily chart using filters to grab some trade off it. It could be cool. I mean, I'm always down to Does it does it have some filters? Okay, there's a lot of stuff I like how you can use market cap so you could do like only stuff over 10 million market cap. That's probably pretty big for crypto now Average volume the volume on trading you I kind of hate the way they do volume because it's like
If the coin, it's just how many coins are traded, which is like, I don't, I don't know. It's that's literally useless. Like, okay, so I have a shit coin. That's a hundredth of a cent. It's volume is going to be high as shit. Like if I do this, it's a Shiba. See like Elon USD. Like it's the volume is fucking useless, but monthly performance momentum. There's all sorts of stuff you can use on here. It's pretty crazy. Exchange finance. That's pretty cool.
That fucking daily candle, man. It's looking disgusting. Look at the Dow. Holy shit. I don't know if the Dow open interest is the highest on these charts yet. I probably should have checked all of them. All right. That fucked up somehow. Hold on. I always do this. I thought I showed it pretty clearly for... How did I get to it? I do this every time I look for it. I always forget. No, it's not that. Might be able to get to it here, though. Maybe not.
Oh, yeah, you got to click the name. That's what it is. Open interest for the Dow is still pretty similar, to be honest. Jesus, this shit is not looking pretty. I'd like if we could take this out. You could be looking at a potential market maker buy. Might be a stretch, but let's see. Again, all these patterns are kind of, you got to remember you're on a high impact day.
Ideally though, I like this high for afternoon draw if we can if we can start showing some displays on the upside After that would be mad. I would try to trade off that Nexo Just wonder how just wild how so many of the champion tokens that we're going to conquer the world look exactly the same. Yeah STMX fuck good old STMX Theta and dot all look the same I'm doing dot dirty. It's thrown in the counter with Theta STMX
Hey, that was such like a fucking Shooting star. I was like bro. It's the next decentralized YouTube That shit got fucked I was looking at dot recent. I kind of liked where I was at overall. Yeah, it's back to five bucks If we could get some more
structure the upside it would look pretty good let's see here over i mean to be fair it doesn't look awful here like if i look at this like yeah we came down took a short-term high but nothing of that much substance yeah we didn't really help displacement of this so i would say probably lower lows but you know after we take out these equal lows if you could get a nice rally there that would be pretty bullish but again it's that's going to take time
and it's not guaranteed they do look similar everything is like just back to square one everybody thought crypto was never going to come down doing today well it took the highs nice talked about this a little bit so on gold if we could now see more downside if it starts to we have this massive gap fomc is going to be fun with this too because if the dollar the gold is heavily correlated by the dollar if the dollar does start to see um
uh strength goals you can see weakness but again it's going to depend on that talk tomorrow with the fed i'm slightly concerned i've mentally checked out of charting crypto since earlier this year and i won't be able to kick off the rest for the next run i always try to keep an eye on it you know i like trading certain stuff like just the higher time frames that i always tell people now with crypto like
If you're trying to trade intraday and trade a lot of, you know, scalps and be in and out of trades in the same day, I don't really recommend crypto. But if you're willing to use like a four hour, an hourly, and then like 15 minute entries, I think crypto can be cool. Let's go down my watch list and see what's up the most. Oh my God, SRM. What the fuck?
SPF is fucking pulling the plug from the jail cell. I'm just kidding. It's up 40% from nothing. Oh my god, if you bought it the other day, yeah, that's crazy. It's up 40% a day. FTM, I think, still could end up being some good shorts if it can start reversing. I would still kind of want higher on CRB just because of all this right here. These are the two levels you're really bouncing between right now.
Or you could even watch this too, to be honest. Either of those levels. No guarantee I'll make it there, but I would be waiting for one of those.
Oh yeah, I just realized what time it is. I got to hop off a couple minutes earlier today. Let me answer this last question. With SMT, how do you know which one is diverging from the other? If one is higher and the other is lower, how do you know which one is right? So SMT really doesn't use like that. Like for instance, if I am using it with correlating assets, like say indices or EU and GU, let's say EU is doing this and then GU does this. If we have other bearish...
TA, let's say price in EU is in an order block, and we had a higher high while GU had a lower high, we would say that this is likely to be manipulation, and then you pair that with other confluences. Now, if...
Let's say you had an inverse asset we made a higher high on one and you made a higher low on the other paired with bearish order flow that would give you Say it's the same a similar thing, but it's just one of them. It's inverse
So, as always, I appreciate you guys coming through. I don't know if I'll have a video up today or not. I might. I have to run and go do something really quick, but I'll do my best. Gold, we just went over gold a little bit. Like, if you rewind the video, five minutes, you'll find golds, TA. But, yeah, I appreciate you guys coming through. As always, if, let's say, my brain's fried. I forgot I had to do something. Oh, yeah. Like, comment, and subscribe. And then if you have any questions, always, you know,
