What's up? What's up? What's up, JL? You tired? So tired. Me too.
I had my alerts or my alarm set for 730 and I woke up and I was like, why? I was like, dude, mine's like, I keep stayed up all night. Yeah, dude. That's what Asia session. That's the thing, bro. Like, I swear to God, even if you're trading like aging pairs, like the end and all that, I swear it literally the setups take so long to play out. By the time you enter, it's like fucking 1am and then you like are up for London.
I'm just like, fuck, bro. And I wasn't even, like, I was mainly just watching shit last night. Like, that's how I know I love trading. I literally, like, like, if I'm watching a setup that, like, I just kind of, like, want to, you know, study almost, it's like I'm, like, watching, like, a fucking Netflix show or something. I can't stop watching. I'm just like, I just want to see this place up. 24 hour to fucking fix my sleeping schedule.
Yeah, like mine right now, I'm really trying to get it to where I wake up at 5 every day, and then I just trade from like 7 a.m. till lunch and be done. I think that's the best move. I'm kind of just sitting on my hands right now. I'm waiting for at least a move up to this area, or if I get another liquidity rate to the downside, I might consider something, but I'm not really. Oh, he's 50 lot. Oh my god, bro. Did you see where he's like...
uh that shit is fucking ridiculous yeah i'm just waiting right now because i think that i i see the longs but i don't have my triggers yet and at the same time too like looking at indices because that's really all i want to watch from this time of day um
The way I'm looking at it, just from a structural standpoint, we've got our swing high and swing low. We are bullish, but after that, oh god, don't tell me if Swiss did something without me. I actually took it off my watch because I just want to use this if I get the alert, which I probably did. I got all my alerts this morning. Oh, I didn't. That means it probably fucking flew. Oh no, I did. I guess I didn't get the alert.
Yeah, I wouldn't personally be one to want to try to short this yet. It's not anywhere near my zone. But you could maybe even catch along. Ooh, that reminds me. Huh? Oh, never mind. You're a GPB mooned. Because right here, you've got a decent zone. But at the same time, you're kind of making your internal structures bearish now. So I wouldn't really try to force anything.
Yeah, USDCHF is a fucking weird pair. It really is. I like watching it just for the case study, and we did that class. The four-hour is so confusing to me. It's all just liquidity. None of it matters with structure. It's all institutional logic, especially at times like this. It's literally just liquidity. You can use supply and demand for entries if you're going to trade it, but not for any kind of bias. A four-hour market structure means nothing.
I'm going to take this shit off my watch list too. I have it on for a case study, but I'm really limiting that. I'm damn near taking USDJPY off my watch list at this point. It's cool. I might do the same with GJ. It's just hard to pick between these five. EU, GU, AU, GJ, and UJ. That's what I have left. I'm really trying to narrow it down.
where I'm only trading a very limited amount of stuff. I trade Forex early morning, then trade indices during this time, and then trade crypto whenever it gives a setup, whenever that is. I hate to say it, but it's just like, crypto, the way I want to play it is just wait until... Wait until...
It gets in these four-hour POIs, ProTrend, and then do something, but it violated the fuck out of that area this morning. We can still see a push-up, but at this point, I'm just looking to not even really force shit with it and just, you know, when it comes back up to unmitigated higher-time-frame POIs.
move that way somebody said do I ever trade gold I've I traded another day I got stopped on it but I watch it too like it's cool but it's another one it's kind of like corn like I think it's like there's good opportunities on it every once in a while but I think there's a lot of pairs that for me I just I'm all about like optimization like I don't want to be sitting there watching something all the time that's not what I want to do you know so
I'm trying to find pairs that move a little cleaner. Even if they're not moving in thousands of pips and swings, I don't really care about that. I just care about how the price action moves. That's really all I'm worried about. That makes sense. I don't care about all the pips and all that. USDJPY, stop that little baby. I literally had a two lot.
oh really yeah i just wanted to see because it hit that zone but i'd you risked when we were like a little bit lower i'd like trimmed a little and now i just got hit at break even so that's why i don't want to trade this shit is because stuff like that like it just doesn't it's there's just macros at play maybe at some point but it's like there's no macros monthly supply for a long time
Well, yeah, but why do you think that... Getting very close to tapping the monthly supply, finally. Why do you think that this has started running ever since the early recession? It happens, the yen is known to do that, leading up to recessions. But, I mean, I understand the TA because I have that level mark too, but I'm talking about the reason that anything with the yen is just like... For instance, if you go look at GJ, its four-hour swing structure has been going on for months. You know what I'm saying? It's just like...
It's been going on since May. They make for fickle trading during whenever. Same with the Frank. It's the reason the USUCHF... What is it, GJ? She just railed, bro. UJ. That's going to complete my trading day. What? UJ getting stopped? UJ, yeah. For the rest of today? Today's not the...
pinnacle of trading days, probably. So you're not missing out much. Oh, she just invalidated my TA as well. So that's fucking annoying. Delete all of this.
that's why i don't like because it's like if you look like um like back testing uj like for instance like over here like you got a bearish break of structure just comes right back through it it's just there's just too much at play to try to sit there and do anything but just long it and even then it never comes back down seeing that fucking break of structure is like why i was ever bearish yeah and it never comes down to like when you're looking to long like
just the triggers that i use like for instance i like for four rpois and discount it never does that it just goes so it's kind of like you know i think that it's forming though it's just taking time like i think it's going to be a daily distribution range it's going to be like months but you got to remember too like the japanese economy is like completely dying so
That's another thing with Forex right now. Certain pairs that you trade, they're going to be fickle because of the world economic state. That's why Eurodollar has just been on an endless death fucking spiral.
That's why I think that it's better to focus on indices than anything right now because there's so much money being moved in world markets that you're most likely going to see the best moves on indices because that's where a lot of the big players are cycling their money and mitigating. Let me grab this coffee. I was saying, do you think BTC will revisit the 19-7?
Do I think Bitcoin will reverse to 19.7? I think there's a good chance. Or reverse at. You're saying reverse at 19.7. I think it has a good chance to go to 19.7, and that would be a potential zone possibly to short, but you are pretty far in a discount of the four-hour range. I mean, while you are bearish, it's not the most ideal of setups, in my opinion.
Usually you want to have something above equilibrium. That's why I have this POI right here marked out. This is where I'd be a little more interested personally. But you could monitor price action and watch there. If that meets your trading rules, then you know. But personally, for me, I'm not going to entertain anything there. Just because it's not in a premium of the higher time frame range. So NOS is making the best recovery. Dirty 30 is actually seeming to want to give some form of...
possible entry model this is what i need you know we don't want it to just you know come down and make a immediate v-shape recovery on a 15 minute because then we have no entry or i don't you want it to come down like it did come up make a new low that way we might have a new area to trade off of but um it's a better setup in my opinion
I want to go over and refine this because another thing, too, is if you look, a lot of these, we really didn't even hit where I would say. Actually, it tapped into this one hour order block. If you go down and refine these candles to where the demand stepped in, you want to make sure, which I would say right here it did, if it tapped into this zone, or it might tap into it on this next little downer raid.
This is probably the setup I'll be watching today unless SPX or SPY or NAS come down and make a little bit more of a move, which I hope they do. Let's look at the dollar strength index. It's pretty due. I mean, it's questionable if you want to use that as an internal structure break, but theoretically we just broke structure to the upside again on the internal level.
I wouldn't pay it too much mind just because of the, you know, circumstances with inflation. I don't think that's something you want to really use as like a valid breakup structure. A ton of people have been asking me how, like, what's the link between inflation and stocks and, you know, how it is, like, what does CPI mean? And really the short answer is like,
don't try to use news like that. Don't be like, oh, well, we're having CPI tomorrow, so I'm going to long. Because a lot of times in history, inflation has pumped the market. But the relationship's not... There's no straightforward 2 plus 2 rule that can be applied. No skilled investor or trader is going to ever try to play off that. They might play right after it.
But anybody who tries to play that, you're just gambling. If you hit it really big, that's cool, but no one knew that. So if you ever get FOMO or see someone that made a lot of money off of it, there's nothing wrong with that bashing if you did that, but you were gambling. It's the same thing as hitting big on craps, which everybody loves doing that.
don't get, don't have that as an expectation. And also don't like, let's just go look at like anyone who tried to like, imagine if you were in longs on anything this morning, you know, first of all, and the, the volatility that's happened, like, oh, people say, oh, I had a stop loss. Yeah. Your stop loss got market filled probably five, you know, you probably lost three to 4% of your portfolio instead of one. So.
You know, don't use that as a barometer of your safety just because you have a stop loss that's, you know, what you think isn't being safe.
SPX has so much sell-side liquidity down here. I just have a high probability this is getting it tapped at one point, but I would rather markets push up a little bit and give us an entry for a sell, maybe some buys into sells today, but not really any kind of indication of that yet. A lot of stuff that was bullish against the dollar just got another break of structure to the downside.
Nothing really hitting any POIs. Interesting to see how some of this stuff holds here. Seems like it wants to hold on this zone, but we've also got one a little lower. This is the Aussie dollar. But it's trying for this zone right here. I'm looking at EU. Looking ugly. Really, it's all going to depend on the dollar, because right now is a super, super volatile time. That's why today is not really the best day to try to get into a bunch of trades.
especially on currencies. US 30 gave what we were looking for. Really at this point, it's just a waiting game for me. One could try to play a liquid set up down here. I'm not really, I haven't played it on US 30. So if it presents itself, I'll forward test it and document it, but I'm not gonna put any live funds in it just because I'm still getting used to the how 30 trades. I just want a 15 minute break of structure and play the return to origin off that if we get it.
Or if you USDJP wire versus here, I'm offing myself. It's probably going to, that's why I don't like. Dude, it built a bunch of fucking buy-side liquidity from CPI and it just swept it. Well, it looks like... It's only 57 pips away from the monthly supply. Well, it looks like on like a one hour, this could be a UTAD now.
The one hour like a larger scale like maybe I came at two hours. I'm I don't know You know, it's really fucked up jail. Look at my screen when you get a chance. It's really fucked up Look at this fucking long I had and I wanted to hold it higher like I was like I could this shit so bush I could just hold it to this high and I was like don't be a degen Took it in full fucking four hour
dude the one minute looks like it's about to fucking reverse have its bearish structural shift and that's gonna make me cry yeah see once pairs like that do that it's just like one minute that's literally a utah right there yeah but so is last night it's just like you know what i mean it's like i feel like it's just such a fucking waste of time sometimes to watch certain pairs like this because they will eventually give you what you need but then it's like
you know how much time did you spend watching that and how much you know and how many else did you take or break evens did you take to get that like because for me like i'm just starting to look at shit with like these kind of pairs bro and they're this bullish like fuck distribution fuck because everybody said we're just people are distributing here you know what i mean like it's it's just not you know what i'm saying like and it's just wrecking people like at this point look you know who won trading this
The dumb smart money people who literally just trade fucking order blocks. Let's just look. You just trade almost every order block on this. I was looking at this last night. You don't even have to know shit, bro. You just trade one hour order blocks. You didn't have to know anything. Dude, she's fucking reversing. I'm sorry. I know how that shit goes. That's painful. That is very painful. I fell with US 30 yesterday, bro. I literally got pipped out by three pips.
me and mang both did we got pipped out by three pips before that drop like my entry was literally the top um it was entered on this candle right here this this what we thought was a three drive and then it literally went up by like because i had like a stop loss plus a dollar and it hit me for like it was like 290 or something stupid bro like
what the fuck but that one lesson i learned from that was instead like i was like why was i even refining like that's another thing too about low time frame refinement like everybody wants to like get really high risk reward which i get it 100 but don't get like don't forget if you don't have to like don't you don't gotta do that like for instance right here in this situation like the lesson i learned was i was like oh you know
Risk reward like I'm gonna get a stop like just above this high here and it's like bro like okay
Like really? You know what I'm saying? You couldn't use, I couldn't use that stop. So definitely others should learn from my mistake there because it's like the reason we were fine is to get a better risk to reward. If you already have your risk to reward requirements met, like don't, don't get tied up and like caught up in the whole like 20R, 10R because people post it and like we've hit them.
for sure. They're definitely, I'm not bashing it, and they definitely present themselves, but don't, like, let that be your expectation. Like, don't fall in love with that idea, because half the people that are posting them all the time, they're not hitting them. They're just posting them. Like, you see on Twitter, shit like that, people are not hitting every single one of those. You know, it's just, it's, you know. What's your thoughts on DXY here? You're watching UJ, aren't you?
ah what did you say dxy yeah look at dxy i need you j to rail so i don't feel bad right it's like literally when shit like that happens it's like no now you now you go up bitch that's how it did i i was i know how you're feeling right now bro i was literally like
I usually don't get, like, irritated, but I was irritated yesterday with this US-30 shit. And what was even worse is my target was this low right here. So I literally went straight to it. But at the end of the day, it's like, there's always going to be another one. Yeah, DXY. I think she's looking like a fat lick right to the upside. Right there.
No, it's going to come down and rebalance. This will really be the decisional point, in my opinion, is that demand zone. Because we offered the buy side, took it. Now it's off on the sell side. Right. So that's my only bias. I don't even try to look farther than that. And then also like four-hour structure, which I'm not going to count this as a break of structure upside. I'm still going to say that four hours bearish for me personally, just because I got two breaks and we lick raid.
That's not like enough for me to have much of a shift. Also, if you look, I mean, it's due for a fucking pull. It's been due for a pullback. The other thing we talked about in the macro stream and I posted in stock chat, if these 10-year notes start flying, it's going to indicate a weakening dollar, but it'll take time to pan out. But I need to hold this level really just above this range, but I would like them to hold this daily order block.
Fucking AU is really trying to hold this level. I want my lottos to pay. It's not even going to pay much, but I mean, you know, a lottos, a lotto. Oh, yeah. Speaking of somebody. Oh, yeah, you're in here. Okay, cool. Drax. What was the pair? Is it Euro odd? Euro, I see. Hold on. Let me find 4x chat. Oh, and okay. Somebody said you sound like the YouTuber futives jail.
So 6A1 is a bearish, meaning Euro Aussie should be short or bullish. Okay. So for those of you trading currencies, you can use 6, like 6J1 exclamation point, 6A, 6E, 6B. Those are like the majors, the yen, the Aussie, Euro, and the pound. You can use those. There's CME futures on those currencies. So you can use those to see if...
You know, maybe the TA is agreeing with your TA. Also, JL, if you look at this, it might be a fat-ass fucking lick raid.
Or it could just be, you know, going to be making it lower low. That's the problem too with those, with anything that the yen period, the yen itself is just like dead, bro. Literally looks like fucking, like the yen literally looks worse than Bitcoin's chart. Damn, is it that bad? That's why. I mean, like that's the fucked up. I mean, it, oh my God, it's literally, yeah, it's literally like lowest it's ever been since like two, in the last 22 years.
It literally looks worse than Bitcoin's chart. I swear to God, look at Bitcoin's chart compared to this. Seriously. Head and shoulders. Fucking head and shoulders on Japan. It literally looks worse, bro. I don't know. Neither of them look great. Let's say Bitcoin weekly. It looks worse than the weekly, in my opinion. It looks more like a crazy death.
I'm going to set an alert on 30 and I'm going to look at Euro Aussie. I've never fucked with this pair much before. God, it's been a while. This is like old TA levels or colors. So the weekly is bearish, but you look like you might be in your weekly pullback mode. So, you know, your overall swing here is...
bearish you did tap into eq though so you could be that weekly pullback could be ending it didn't really tap into any kind of like supplies and maybe like a monthly no maybe if you consider this uh supply zone i don't know but um
I mean, if you were looking to long it, because the thing is you've got to be aware of, in the weekly internal structure theoretically still is bullish. So you don't have a reason to believe that it's pulling back just yet necessarily. So you want to trade in the context of that and understand, you know, you are near an invalidation point. So that would be good for your, so you're saying it's bearish. Okay.
I think it could be starting to the weekly continuation, but it hasn't really given me what I would want for that. And you also, on your daily structure, this would be the swing zone I have, and you're bullish, and you're sitting in a daily demand zone. It has already been mitigated, so I don't know how much that's really going to hold.
Like looking at that, so now we want to look at it like, okay, well, the daily seems like it's in pullback mode. Under this level right here, you wouldn't really be anticipating the daily continuation. So with that marked, just so you can keep an eye on that, the four-hour swing structure is bearish. Looks like you've came back into optimal trade entry into a POI. If we refine this.
i refine it some more if it were me personally i'd look for that just because if we go all the way in a 50 minute that's really the only unmitigated supply zone or order block in my opinion everything else had been like because if you look at like this candle like price traded through it and then came back into it so like any orders that were in that candle i would view them as as cleaned up so
I would, if I were going to short this personally, and I, you know, this may cause me to be a miss or if it doesn't, you know, I'm not going to trade it. But if I were watching it, I would wait for this. You know, if you trade just the four hour POI, you're in there, but you haven't gotten a internal break. I mean, really your internal, your swing structure in the 50 minutes, the same. So at this point, and I would be just watching this zone for a confirmation.
If we could come down into this area and mitigate and then move to the upside, you might get like a scalp long there. That would be, I mean, pretty aggro.
it'd be an invalidation point too, because theoretically, if you break down under this, that would be like your trigger to tell you the 15 minutes shifting bearish, you know, in your four hour refined POI, which would lead you to like, okay, well now I can target the week four hour low, maybe even the daily low. I would focus on the four hour low, but I think it's still developing. I would watch for it in this, whichever zone it hits first, you know, that would be kind of like the next step for me.
Actually, wait, hold on. Did this close or not? This is a fickle pair that the daily was doing the same thing. It did close. I mean, for me, I have to follow the rules. That's a closure. So my new 50-minute swing structure would be this right here. You've got this order block that maybe if you want to refine it because the other one did get traded into. So I would refine it like maybe to there. If you get like a five-minute change of character in here.
You know, you could look for long. It's counter trend. So the higher probability setup would be to just wait for this up here because you're at a really decisional point. I'm interested to see how this plays out. I'm going to paper trade this. Don't think I'm telling you to take this. I just want to see how it ends up playing or if it ends up playing. This is something I would play on Spy or Nas, the setup.
I've been trying to trade the 30 and see how it works more recently. It's odd because if you look at NASDAQ and SPY, they're not really giving that formation there. Anything, US 30 is giving more. What I want is I want a break above this area that returned out of the demand to push up from there if the rest are good enough. These Aussie dollar lottos are trying to do their thing.
Bro, you know what's fucked is I literally had fucking limits on GU off this alert right here. I had limits off this zone with stops just under the low, like the major low over here. And I was like, I might leave these through CPI. And I was like, don't be an idiot. That's just super, which it is. So I'm not really like upset I didn't, but it's just funny that it did hit. It's always nice, even if you don't take a trade to see a...
To see your bias unfold in the right way. It's something to document and you know take note of Oh really
Yeah. I mean, it was, like, in my head, I was playing it like, bro, this is fucking Lambo time. Yeah. It is what it is. Like, fuck it. Right. Yeah, this is good stuff, man. Really fun. Well, I hate to hear that, but, you know, at the end of the day, you probably... Nah, I broke even. It's not a lot. Oh, my God, JL. Don't look at fucking US dollar yen. Oh, that fucking sucks.
Holy fucking shit, bro. God damn. I don't even want to look at it. DXY is doing that dumb thing. Yeah, I think it's going down. Let me check the YouTube. My bad, guys, on YouTube. I've kind of been bad sometimes at checking the comments. I don't get notifications for it. Okay, so somebody said, oh yeah, the US 30 got fucked by a 2 bar too. That shit was awful. And what's up, humble? How you doing?
whoever said uh did you you were talking about looking for usd uh yen shorts fuck hopefully you you saw that what's up easy fuck bro that's such fuck shit that's just this pair for you dude i swear to god this shit is like max pain me and jl were trading it last night and where was it i think it was right
Yeah, we were trading it in here. It was a pretty nice setup too. Wait, no, no, what time was it? Yeah, yeah, it was like in this area, right?
hey what was it that oh yeah because i went to sleep right before that was where i got i got break even probably right here i was like i don't remember this but we played it off of this level right here we got in super nice entry it was like somewhere like right around there like 137 i think mine was like 137 20 or something i was like no it wasn't that high i was somewhere under this area but literally held it till down here my take profit that i had for my partials was this low and then it just reversed stopped to break even
That's this pair for you. Yeah, I'm still waiting on US 32 bar 2. I want to get this right here. Seems to be respecting this. I mean, it didn't really even come in the fair value gap. Usually the setup that I'll put on indices is this exact. You come down, rate a low, then you take the high you just made and leave this fair value gap. And then price comes down and moves up from there.
I'm trying to do more case studies on US 30 because from what I have seen and also what I've been told by people who traded a lot that I know and trust that it's pretty fickle with its price action. And it trades a little more cleaner with supply and demand than the other indices because I don't even really use supply and demand only. I want to see liquidity rates most of the time with indices.
Beautiful Wyckoff on US-30. It actually does look pretty clean. I'm not even a super big Wyckoff guy. I can see that.
Yeah, for those of you that are watching or anybody that's in a Discord or anything that's just like itching to get in a trade, just don't force anything. If you see your setup and it meets all your criteria, take it and execute. Oh, you're saying the one minute. Okay, yeah, that would make more sense. I was kind of like, yeah. See, this right here would be like the IC. And a lot of times the ICT method...
it's just the spring of Wyckoff a lot of the time. Or even sometimes it's like the sign of weakness bounce on a redistribution pattern. I've noticed that as well. So I wish we'd have came down and made a lower low because for me, we'd need to still get all the way above this to confirm if we're bullish on the 15-minute again. Oh, you got the same target for entry? Nice.
I'm not going to trade this, but I'm going to forward test it. If anything, for me, I want this high to get taken. And now, well, now, if this high gets taken first, then I'll probably be looking right around the same area. So, Bitcoin, SPY, NASDAQ look fucking identical right now. They've all got...
Well, that's not unmitigated. Supply is mitigated. I think NAS and Bitcoin have unmitigated supply up above. That's why I'm not too, too eager to play this. Also, really going in with my macros, like the stream or the video we have, the macro outlook. I mean, I don't want to be super short biased down here, to be honest. We're sitting on monthly demand. While bonds look like they're ready to rally, which would mean a weaker dollar ensuing. The dollar is at...
you know, literally 20-year highs. It's up in its monthly supply zone and it filled the weekly fair value gap that was in here. It's just like, fuck, man. I know you look at a lot of dollar pairs, like they look like they're ready to, like the yen, US dollar yen. It's almost at its monthly price delivery level. And once we hit up there, you know, if you start to see us reverse in higher timeframes, you can look for all the way down here. It's like,
um like fucking 900 pips but i don't know if it's gonna i think it might be like an extent of consolidation but it's interesting nonetheless that flow has been watching this gold i think it's gonna be some crazy lungs at some point everything macros is just dumping right now oh fuck yeah my fucking yo shits are probably eating oh fuck let me just open a fucking five lot that's up two bags
i'm gonna be happy if this hits full target happy camper yeah sorry for uh there's not really much as far as like um straight into intraday movements i'm not seeing anything that i'm i personally like too too much yet yeah somebody said hate that expensive dollar everybody does it this time got that church i'm gonna hide this and i'll watch this later oops i'll kind of order test that later so this is the next one i'll be watching
It's interesting. So we've got NOS right up here in this zone, in this supply zone, which was created. The CPI numbers came out, so I'm not super, super convinced on that. But, oh, sleepy. DXY is falling back under this monthly order block. Or wait, no, it's the weekly fare value gap. Sorry. That's the monthly order block. I'm going to make these a different color again.
Yeah, interesting level here on DXY. We're at this fractal buy-to-sell range, a little flip zone here. Could see a little relief on the dollar here, but I wouldn't be surprised to see it keep falling either. Well, I think today's going to be one of those days where we just kind of let stuff develop. You don't want to get in the middle of super volatile news. I have an alert set on 30 down here. Other than that...
The only setups I'm really watching are maybe spying NOS if they get above these highs. But other than that, I'm kind of just sitting on my hands today. I don't think it's a bad idea to do so. Gold's starting to look stronger for sure. Well, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I appreciate you guys as always.
But until tomorrow, stay safe. Don't get wrecked out there today. It's definitely a perfect day for people to get fucked. But yeah, until then, I'll see you guys later. Peace.
