All right, guys, give me one second. I got to get this posted up and then we'll get started. Damn, everybody was in here. I guess it gives you guys an alert whenever I start the event. All right, guys, give me like two seconds when I grab some water and then we'll get started. All right, let's get started. Sorry about that. I hadn't even signed into my YouTube yet. I had to clear my cookie case and it signed me out everything and get some water, but now we're good. So pretty crazy dump.
at the end of the day there i'll recap a little scalp i took um one second pull this up so
Nice little quick move when 90 lot play off this fair value gap. So this is something I've been practicing recently. And I actually got it from watching some of ICT's live stuff. And I've noticed that a lot of the trades he's taking recaps of, it's when price will come down to a draw. Like for instance, which our draw, the 15 minute was pretty clear at this point, was these lows here. Or this low, I should say, right?
So when we get close to a draw, we'll see a little rally oftentimes. Now, where does that rally end up going? We obviously know we're going to take the low 90%. Sometimes you get that rally where retail wins and price, you know, rockets to the upside. But oftentimes we're getting that false little bounce where algos, you know, trading algos, not the kind of algos we're trying to track. But they will, what does it say?
Also, what's up? And also, you talked about someone else's idea influencing you. There's a good and bad side to social media for trading, and that's the bad side of it.
Now, this trade, I just looked at price. I was actually in a group chat with some of the other people from the server with JL and Algo and Senpai in them. But I literally went to walk my dog and I was like, we were like right in here. And I looked as we came back in this fair value gap. And this is a model that I've been wanting to execute on lately. It's not a really high risk reward model, but it's a very probable model when executed correctly.
Components of it are when we know where our draw is. Step one is knowing what price is drawing towards. And what's that? Again, this is the low. We had a sell day as far as London went. And we came up, reacted to the optimal trade entry and expanded down. So we know we're going, the market is now in a selling program whenever that happens. And I'm going to go over a mistake that I made this morning as well. I just wanted to show this because it's more fresh in my mind.
And plus, you know, let's try the good stuff before the bad, right? No, I'm just kidding but
Oh, shit. Sorry to drink some water. This fair value gap, we know that this was the area where supply was pushed into the market. The algorithm started dumping price, trying to draw at this area down here. So we're viewing this as candles. We view it from kind of a order flow perspective. We know that a lot of money is getting pushed into the market all down through there. A lot of big orders, right?
Some of those orders get left behind. We know that's what an imbalance is because only the sell side was being offered. So we came down and we took some of these lows here. So remember, we're talking about price. It always just bounces from one area of liquidity to the next. So we know the draw, the overall draw is here. We know the stops reside there, not here. If people are playing within this range, they're stop losses. The biggest amount of liquidity is going to be under the major low. That's why that's our sell side liquidity. So price reacted to the first set of lows.
Hit the support where retail looks to buy. We get that nice little reaction. Where does it go? Right into this fair value gap where those orders resided.
So as we move into that fair value gap, you don't even have to wait for a shift in market structure. But in this example, we got one. So kind of confirming that there are orders here, we see that shift in market structure. We take out the lows and we took a high. So now we have a bullish range, but then we move down displacement through these lows. And that could have been your confirmation. I just took a sell right here. Stop loss above the most recent high, which was on the five minute up here.
It was somewhere in this area. Stop loss right there. Profit target down here, right? Actually, it was right here. I'm sorry. So not high risk to reward, right? It's around 1.5. It ended up being around one for me because I didn't risk much on it either. I only risked 0.25%. So I got a one to one here. And now I know some people are watching like, oh, that's a shitty risk to reward. But my friend Hunter, I don't know if Hunter's in here actually.
But you guys know Hunter. He put it a good way. He said, well, if it's a high probability or high confidence trade, you don't always have to have the craziest risk to reward. Once you kind of know what you're doing and you've been studying price, and this is a model that I've paper traded probably 10 times and been scared to execute for that sole reason that the risk to reward isn't high enough. But today I did it. Nice little scalp. So start studying that model and make sure you understand draw on liquidity before you start trying to do that.
Once you get near an area where you think it's going to get taken, and if price doesn't take it, just watch what it does right after. It's going to move into an imbalance and probably give you an entry down to it. So that was a nice little scowl. So this morning, now let's go over where I made a mistake. So up here. So I got in the longs this morning and I...
This morning we had high impact news at 10. So I was not looking at trading till after 10. So I didn't really get into my desk like I usually do. I woke up, I left the house, went and got some coffee, got some stuff to make breakfast and was kind of out of my element. So I got my laptop when I came home as I was cooking breakfast. I saw my entry model and I entered and I failed to properly analyze the situation, the framework run and I paid for it.
So this is a good learning experience. I just want to delete a lot of this because this isn't necessary. This is just me kind of testing price. Let me get all these off here. I'm real picky about chart hygiene. Okay, I guess it didn't delete any of them.
Now, when I came in the market, all I was looking at was this one hour range right here. And I saw a bullish range, right? Yes, we did raid liquidity and reacted off it. But I saw that we are showing desire to go to the upside. We've taken a weekly low. Now, the low or the weekly chart, the daily chart, haven't necessarily shown confirmation that we're going to move up yet.
But I'm looking at more of a potential long narrative because we're so beaten down. Where I wanted to take it was buy side of the range because I looked at it like, okay, prices really came down and swept all the liquidity from the range. We took the lows yesterday. We got some long stuff that we talked about.
Right. Everything was taken. We came down and returned to this order block, reacted pretty nicely. That was kind of what the entrance framed around. I looked at it like, OK, there's really not any internal liquidity left. We filled this imbalance, tapped this order block, came down here. We made another imbalance and some liquidity that is low. We cleaned that out. So I looked at it like, OK, you know, now we've got a range that has a lot of.
liquidity to the upside. We have these highs here, here, here, and I wanted all that to get taken out. But what I failed to realize was that we had the structure for a sell day. Now, what does that mean? I'm going to go ahead and delete a lot of this TA except this. Let's delete all this because I'm not going to need it anymore. So we're talking about a selling day.
The easiest way to determine and complement your bias for the rest of the session is by using the previous session. So what does that mean?
Well, if we're looking to trade indices, we all know the New York session is when you trade indices. You can trade them other times. Markets are open. But we know that the biggest move has happened in the New York session. But we want to look at the London session to determine what kind of day are we going to have a buy day or are we going to have a sell day? And that's going to help you frame your trading.
Let's say we have a buy day. Does that mean that we don't sell? Or if we have a sell day, does that mean that we don't buy? No. That might sound counterintuitive, but the framework is going to influence how you manage your trade. So if we're on a sell day, instead of trying to take a buy to the end of the range, you might just look to take it to a premium. So in this example,
And this is how you determine a sell day or a buy day. You want to look at the price action that occurs during the London session. So let's do this. And I do the London kill zone. Now we have the Asia highs getting taken. So remember we talked about accumulation, right? We have that accumulation of orders, that manipulation, and then distribution. So what does that tell us? Whenever we look at price after New York midnight, which is going to be right here.
What did price want to do after midnight? It ran up. And what do we look at that as? It's going to be our manipulation. We're going to take out that Asian range liquidity. And then if we see expansion to the downside, which we did, displacement to the downside, that's where you consider a potential sell day.
At this time, remember I said, I just had kind of, you know, I got out of bed, took the dogs out, ran to the store. I wasn't in my right mind. I'm not like insane, but I'm not in this zone. You know what I mean? Usually I wake up, no phone. I get kind of, you know, I read, I journal. I'm like very mindful. And I come in and I have that morning routine and I didn't today. And I came in and all I saw was a sell side raid.
Right. Because if you look now, keep this in mind, keep the framework that we're on a sell day. And again, kind of rephrase or, you know, not rephrasing, paraphrasing that a sell day is whenever we have that Judas swing manipulating after New York midnight. And then we see expansion, the downside, because oftentimes the high or the low of the day is put in during the London open, which is 2 a.m. to 5 a.m. Eastern time. He said spoken like a crazy person, but.
So keep that in mind. So now looking at that one hour range, one could say, okay, remember, like I said before, we took out all that liquidity. Okay, we could start targeting some of these highs up here in a premium of this range, right? I'll rewind a little bit because we all can see what happened here.
So we look at like, okay, well, here's our range right here. We came down and cleaned out all this liquidity. We started to show desire to want to go higher. So I'm looking at any kind of down move as a buying opportunity. Because if I'm I buy, so we're going to push up in a premium and maybe go into this imbalance with this high, something like that. Then I'm going to look for sell side rates. So what happens, right? Maybe fast forward just a little bit. We get that sell side rate. So look, coming into the market.
what happened right right at 9 30 we got that raid so let me go ahead and delete all this now because i don't like so much clutter on my chart i want to show you guys
The trade I got. So why did I enter this trade? Well, I looked at it as at 930, we did what? We reached for the sell side. So if I'm on a buy day, and this is a really important lesson for you guys trading indices. And this is something that I just messed up. I know better than this. But this lesson is where I really started learning how to trade indices consistently. Because for those of you who trade them, this is going to speak to you. It's not about getting in. It's about getting out. Getting in is easy.
Once you master the execution model, it is very easy to get in. And most of the time, you're not just going to be totally wrong, but you don't take profits the right time. And indices will take it away twice as fast as it gives it, which is what happened to me. So on the day that we are in a buy day, this would have made sense because, okay, we're in a buy day. The range is telling me that we've cleaned out the internal liquidity at a discount. So now we should move to a premium.
But the fact that the daily power of three is showing us that market makers are pushing price lower, that will make you take a trade differently or not take it at all. So just looking at it without that context, one looks at this as a sell side rate. Okay, I'm going to long, I'm going to target these highs, right? I'm going to go back up into a premium. But again, whenever we look at that manipulation occurring during the London session,
You want to look for price delivery or raise at an optimal trade entry of the move down. So you can do the whole move or you can do the morning move starting at the New York session, which would have been here. But if we do this optimal trade entry, what do you have? Right on optimal trade entry. Clear as day. You've got internal liquidity, front running and order block. Clear as fucking day.
Now I should have taken, this should have been completely closed right here. I did take profits at, I took profits at this high. I didn't take all profits. I took half, right?
So instead of having a winning trade, I had a small loss. I didn't take it at breakeven. And this was another important lesson that, not really a lesson, but this is something that I believe you should do. So I realized this right around here because I was like, damn, why don't we move so hard? And I'm like, oh, you fucking idiot. This is a sell day. But I still didn't close out because once I get in a position,
It's going to be the stop loss taking me out or my take profits because I don't believe that you should have a discretionary perspective on trade management because as humans, our emotions influence our perspective once there's money involved. So for instance, I was right today, but there might be another day where I see a big down candle and it scares me out of my bias when I was correct because the human mind's all about pain aversion.
In this example, I was pretty positive that we were going to sell off. But maybe another day where I saw a down candle, I might rationalize that we're going to sell off, but maybe it really wasn't going to happen. And me building that habit of closing trades based off of something I figured out after the trade is executed, I don't want to build that habit. So I let the market teach me my lesson. I let it just stop me out.
When we look at it from the awareness of the London session giving us indications that today is not going to be bullish, that could have been a full target. Now the execution is the same as always. We can go over it. It was just, I looked at this shift in structure right there. And then as price came back down into this fair value gap, this is actually a little off because I was marking it when I was in the 50 minute. I entered right over here.
But as my price came in that first fair value gap, I just entered. I could have waited a little longer. I could have entered it right here because the other entry to me was that fair value gap. But in that moment, I was looking at it as the trade was going to go higher. Maybe this would have been one of those trades you don't even take, right? If you're in this awareness. Now, if anything, you could have taken a sell up here. Now, that's not really the model that I use, but what the fuck? What the hell is around my chart? Am I like fried right now?
Why is it doing that? Hold on. Okay. I don't know what the fuck trading view was just doing. But that might have been a trade you might have not even taken as far as the long, or you could have just looked for a sale off this order box.
It's okay. Sony said we're seeing the same thing. So he was right. I am a crazy person. I'm just seeing shit now. But no, you could have just taken, you know, the ICT entry, you could just take an entry off this fucking order block. You could literally just bam there, stop off the recent swing high, target sell side liquidity. That would have been a better trade than I took all day. Off a simple, off of a 15 minute, just using that daily framework.
And you see how easy it is to fumble and give up money. Or I could have just taken it in full right here. Wouldn't have been a high-risk reward trade. Could have traded up to it, taken it in full, opened a sell. That's how I could have done it, but I didn't because one simple mistake. And that's how important it is to really come up with it. And what's funny, I'll literally read you guys right now on my trading plan that I read every morning when I'm...
Being good and not fucking around like this morning. I just wasn't thinking literally one of my entries in this little I have a notes document I read every morning
Always remember daily power of three, even if not clear. If bear PO3, be conservative with bull. And if bull PO3, be conservative with bear. And what I'm telling myself is in this example, yes, there was a long, the morning entry was a long for sure. Like the first entry, the one we all look for, we're talking about that liquidity rate, there was a long there. But you have to know where to take that long. Because the execution only will help you so much.
Execution only gets you in. And getting out is just as important, if not more important, than getting in. So I did want to share that with you guys. Now, that was only two traits I took today. As I said, power of three is still somewhat of a confusing concept to me, but it's on my list of things to learn. So I think it's one of those things that's overcomplicated. This is power of three.
Oops, not dot. Could never use that. So let's say you have a price delivery rate. We're just going to say this is buy side liquidity. So we've got an area that we want to trade into. And we'll say price does this. Generates liquidity to downside. Protects that discount. And it comes right up to that buy side liquidity. And it does this.
So guess what's happening here? Retail is looking to go short. Why? Because remember, buy side liquidity to a lot of other styles is going to be resistance. This is going to be an area where people are either going to want it short or if it goes above it, they're going to want a long. But we know that we're looking at this from a standpoint that now there is a lot of equal lows.
There's some trendline liquidity. So a lot of liquidity is being engineered to the sell side. But our narrative is that we're going to take this high and then move down. But what's going to happen is we're going to accumulate under it. So the first step of the power of three is accumulation.
So orders are building up on both sides of the market and retail traders are looking to go short and they're going to get stopped at as high and they might go, some might go long on the breakout.
So then what? Price is going to... Now, another thing where you have buy-side liquidity, it can just be buy-side liquidity. This could be an order block. I'm just going to put PDRA. So that can be anything from an order block to a fair value gap, old highs, equal highs, breaker block, mitigation block, you name it. Any point of interest. So let's just say this was the high, and then you have an imbalance up here, an old imbalance from a higher time frame.
So you got this fair value gap up here that price left. Let me just draw this out so it'll be a little bit more clear. So let's say price left an imbalance, a really rough imbalance right here. And I did this. Bam. Forgive me for the ugly drawing. It's actually not bad. So now we have this liquidity right here. And then we have an old imbalance that needs to get mitigated. Now this might be a very high value imbalance. For instance, maybe this high up here also rated some liquidity.
So up here, let's say this was a really important liquidity rate. And our narrative is that this range is now what we're trading within. And all of this internal liquidity, which is going to be this high and this imbalance, needs to get swept up before we come down and take out all of this, right? All of this liquidity. So what price is going to do oftentimes is going to consolidate under that high.
And then we've got this fair value gap up here. So what is price going to do? It's going to rush up into this right here. So then we look for our entry model, which is going to be, you know, this is a real simple one, but you guys know what we look for. We look for that first push into the zone, then the initial stop rate.
And then that displace and break a structure, that is then going to leave us another fair value gap. Or again, I should just say price delivery rate because we have an assortment of tools we can use to identify institutional order flow. We've got imbalances, order blocks, breaker blocks, mitigation blocks. All of those can be entries. Whatever you use, I would focus on mastering one of them before you start using them all. Because for instance, a lot of times there's a fair value gap. Well, there's also going to be a breaker a lot of the time right there.
So sometimes they're all, you know, there might be an order block two right here. You see what I'm saying? So I don't mean to confuse, but just hopefully that ain't confusing me, but just, okay. Overall thing we're focusing on is this accumulation here under our high. Then we have manipulation, which often occurs into a higher timeframe POI, which is going to be our imbalance in this example.
And then the distribution is when now we've accumulated a lot of liquidity here. There is already liquidity here. We've engineered more. Market makers are saying, okay, if I have a bunch of orders here, they got left behind. The reason they got left behind is because there was no buyers. The market was moving so rapidly down, it was only offering the sell side. So these orders got left behind. So if I'm the market maker that wants to fill my orders, I'm going to have to create a shitload of buyers.
So how am I going to do that? Well, I've already done it here. And then I'm going to do it again by holding price down and letting these orders accumulate. Now, all that liquidity has been generated. Now, when price comes up to my area, there's going to be enough buyers to fill all my sales. And we know, and this is how we confirm.
that that's occurring. Is that right there? And then that displacement, because again, those fair value gaps are just telling us that the sale side is only being offered. And how does that happen? That happens when there is such a large inefficiency between supply and demand that the market is rapidly expanding down. There's no more buyers. That's what fair value gaps are telling us, that there is orders getting left up in here. So then whenever price does, it might hit a little short-term low right here.
What's it going to do? It's going to push back in, those orders get filled, and then the real move begins. And it's really expansive, and you're going to get left behind if you don't get in. So now, once this occurs, this is when your distribution phase has begun. So as that distribution begins, we're pushing now and we're targeting all these lows. And that's when the sell program starts. So that's the power of three. I hope that helped.
So I said, so it's, and I appreciate it, Fernando. Yeah, it's honestly pretty crazy that people be charging for this shit for sure. So I said, so it's essentially an engineered false breakout to fill orders for larger entities. Exactly. That's exactly what it is. Now, that's just one, you know, it could be, you know, a fair value gap is the easiest one to explain because there might be a breaker block that has to get mitigated where it's in a sense, essentially it's liquidity being filled. Yes, but there are different ways to explain.
different price delivery rates but the important thing you know is that we have an accumulation under a point of liquidity manipulation above that liquidity now this imbalance it doesn't have to happen i'm not saying this imbalance is not required let's just say that all you had
is this. This is fine too, because you're still taking that liquidity from the high. But again, like we've been talking about recently, it's all about probabilities. Are you going to feel more comfortable taking the sale if there's an imbalance or not? Well, I'm going to feel more comfortable if there's also an imbalance and the buy side's been taken, because then it's more confidence in it. What's up, Dan Cheese? I'm guessing that's graduate, because he calls me by my name.
But I hope you're doing good too, bro. That's you. But, you know, and this is just kind of using, we're using price to visualize the occurrence of the weak hands to strong hands. Because that's what's happening here. Weak hands are building up. They're getting stopped out. Strong hands come in or at their old orders. And then you want to get positioned once we've confirmed that smart money is indeed selling to these buyers. You know, whether there's a shitload of positions here that are all getting stopped out.
or then there's people that want to buy above the high. All that is just prime liquidity that market makers are going to take advantage of it, and they're going to push it down to their true intention. So here, we'll actually look at a really good example of power of three, dollar index today. And this also...
It was something I looked back on after I'd already fucked up. But yesterday I had a really good day with buys. What helped me? Look at that. Accumulation, manipulation, distribution. Now this is, again, this is the time efficiency. Now what I just taught you can be used in other times than just midnight. But the ideal, the daily power of three, and what you're viewing here, right here. So let's just mark, I'm going to mark these areas.
visible on a daily chart because i'm going to show you guys something a little bit in time you guys probably what is he doing oopsies to the daily chart look at that that's the wick didn't get all the way to the bottom right here but this is very close to the bottom notice the lowest line i drew is very close to the bottom so the ideology of what we're doing here
We're trying to identify a daily candle and the formation of it. So let me just rewind this just a bit. I'll go here. So the ideology of what we want to see here as far as a daily candle is that manipulation is the wick.
right this initial little push this candle just closed down here but usually you'll see the bottom little bit is going to be the bottom wick so we see the open notice that there's our open and guess what time that was right around leading up into midnight now the daily candles don't open at midnight but that's when we look at prices opening because that's when the algorithm starts spooling into the judah swing most of the time so
That's right around where your open is going to be is that New York midnight. We see a false swing in price away from the true direction. That's the manipulation cycle. Now notice we just took this high. Let's go and see if we hit into a higher time frame POI. We are already in a fair value gap, so I don't want to just, you know, we are kind of already in it here. But if you look, we did move farther into that imbalance, right? We are already in it right here, but we moved in more of a premium of that imbalance.
So you see, we engineered that liquidity right there. Then we moved deeper into a premium of the price delivery array. And then we start to break down. Now going back into like a five minute, if you see, remember, what do we look for? We look for that shift in market structure. Bam. We leave what behind? That fair value gap. And there you go. And that is where you can get the best entries of the day. It's going to be the London session. That's why I know ICT likes trading the London session.
Now, whenever we're looking at it on these important key timestamps, which is the midnight, New York time, and in London, which is two to five, and then expansion, and we use that to frame our day around, you can also use that same ideology, the accumulation, manipulation, distribution, at any price delivery array. I use it all the time during my entries intraday on indices because you'll see price, and it'll help you not take every lick rate.
It'll help you understand which trades are going to be the highest probability. And a lot of people think it's way more. I hope I simplify that. I know it's complicated. So if it's not just getting clicking, I don't, I'm not saying you should just get it off rip, but I promise you it's not as complicated as I feel like people gatekeep when they try to, they don't want to explain it very easily, but it's really just that. That's it. So again, this morning, what do we have? A move down into what?
it's outside liquidity what did price do when it came down here it consolidated engineered liquidity moves to the and yes this is the dollar yes it works the same way price is price we're just using candles to view it so then price moves down and this was extended really the safe target for power three is just the top of the accumulation range but oftentimes it goes much farther you want to just look for what's in a premium of the current range so for instance if i look at this
I draw this. I see we deviated from that range. Now I say we're gonna move back up to a premium.
which is going to be up here i think i want a 15 minute and there's a clean high right up here that's where i originally had it drawn to so you guys just ask what are we drawing to our price moves from internal liquidity like up here right moved we had a range so it came down took external liquidity moved back to internal liquidity took external liquidity now we're going to look for it to do what revert and rebalance back to a premium so
This morning also, paying attention to the dollar index could have given you a little bit more of a reluctancy or conservative trade management system whenever you're going long. Let me look at some of these questions. Probably re-watched the video a few times. Hell yeah, I'm glad I helped. This is actually a really good explanation, so I'll probably cut this stream and I'll edit it to where it's a little more clear. It'll just be this little bit. I'll make a powerful video.
Sir, when I'm using high time frame fair value gap, what rules do I need to identify first? It's all about context. So not every fair value gap is going to hit. Not every single fair value gap is going to fill either. So you got to look at it from, let's look at, let's go back. Let's do something other than the dollar index because it's like fucking Bitcoin in 2020. Okay, here's a great example. So when we're looking at this range,
can delete this now because the week's over oh so when we're looking at this range right here and we have quite a few fair value gaps here right but our range our most recent impulse range our dealing range that we're looking at is this right here so we got a fair value gap down here
Did that give a reaction? Sure. So people look at it like this. They're going to come down here and they're going to look at that first fair value gap. Now, I know at the beginning of the lesson, I shorted from one of these. But remember, what did I have to target? I had a liquidity that hadn't been taken, right? Something that was already in my bias that was going to get taken.
But in this example, price comes up into it and you get a little bit of a reaction. But what happens? Comes up and blasts through it. So somebody that's new to Fair Value Gap is going to look at that like, fuck this, it doesn't work. Or be confused as to why it didn't work. And it comes back to a simple concept of discount and premium. And remember, we're talking about probability here. So now after price comes down and takes external liquidity, what's it going to do? It's going to move to internal liquidity.
right is this internal liquidity yes but the lower you go down a discount the less the probability that that imbalance or that price delivery array is going to be your honeypot entry as we come towards this
You have this fair value gap here. Now, it's still in a discount, but it's closer to a premium. Now, a lot of people would look at, okay, this is the one that worked because price ended up moving away from it. But if we look, what else was right there? An order book. And that was the first price delivery array in a premium. So remember, price travels from internal liquidity to external liquidity and then reverts to a premium.
Or I'm just so used to talking in bear language. This works the same if we invert our charts and we're bulls. I think we've all forgotten what that felt like.
but that's very key that you understand that because if not, you're going to look at every single fair value gap. You're going to look at every single order block and you're going to end up taking a lot of bad trades, taking a lot of losses. And the biggest damage it's going to have is on your psychology because you're going to think you don't understand what a order block is. But in reality, it's just simple premium discount. And it comes to patience because once you know this, like once you,
Because at first, when you learn smart money, you're going to want to short here. You're going to want to short here. Every little reaction, you're going to think you found the secret code. And you're going to short, short, short. And you're going to take losses. And it's going to destroy your psychology and make you think, fuck, I just don't get this. It's too complicated. It's not for me. But in reality, you're just eager and you're trigger happy. It happened to me when I first started. So hopefully that helped. Now, I'm going to go into crypto a little bit and then explain.
What I'm looking for in Bitcoin. Okay, here we go. Another little power of three. So with the weekly range, this is our high of the week. Crypto is a little weird. I didn't trade off this just because, and I really didn't give too great of an entry, but whenever we're talking about the weekly range, we also have power of three. So for instance,
If the weekly candle is going to be a down candle, right? And we've determined that our bias is bearish for the weekly candle. And we know that oftentimes we're going to form a wick. We're going to form a down wick. So let's say that our bias is bear and the price has been coming down for some time now. And we've got, let's say, a draw on liquidity over here.
So there was a set of equal lows here that the weekly had been drawing down towards. So we came down and we took that liquidity. But before that, this candle had to form. So when we're talking about the power of three and the weekly, the wick is created usually on Monday and Tuesday. Just like we talk about how after midnight, that midnight open, price moves up in a false narrative.
Whenever we talk about the week, that's for the daily candle. Whenever we talk about the weekly candle, we're going to talk about where it is we move from the weekly open, not midnight. From the weekly open, oftentimes Monday and Tuesday, sometimes Wednesday, you're going to see that fall swing. So on a bearish week, so you'll have maybe Monday might go up.
consolidate Tuesday might go up then boom down right that's where you start to get the body and that's we're going towards our draw so one way you can end up participating in this is when we let's say we have that big move you want to take the fib and drop from the candle body to the candle body on 30 minute
I don't even use a 30 minute for anything else, but draw the fib from the candle body to candle body in a 30 minute. And you're going to look at optimal trade entry. And let's just say in this example, we'll say that there was a breaker block right here at optimal trade entry. What you would do is that would be your optimal sell entry and to catch the weekly move. So let's just say, you know, we're looking at this example over here. Let me delete this because you guys see concept. Let me delete.
So let's say that draw on liquidity we're talking about is down here. Then what's the price going to do? It's going to engineer that liquidity down there. Price is going to retrace. It's going to come up into your entry. So usually this is going to happen on Wednesday or Thursday. Oftentimes it's going to be around the weekly open or just below. Let's say the weekly opens here. So price is going to move back up.
It's going to tap into that breaker. And usually you can use like a 15 minute for this and you get your entry, same smart money reversal. You can ride that shit out all the way down. But again, this sounds like I'm giving you the key to, you know, what ICT causes the one shot, one kill, but, and it can be, but it is not as easy as I'm making it sound. You have to be very, very good at figuring out what is the true draw and liquidity. And that's everything with, with all of everything that I try to teach.
Everything that we learn within this realm, it's all about being correct on your weekly and daily bias. If you don't have that, you're going to be running around like a chicken with your head cut off, shorting every single order block and longing every single fair value gap.
So whenever we're using these tools, we're using them to try to visualize institutional order flow. But if we don't know where that order flow is going, then it's pointless to use them. And it's almost worse for you to know how to use them than it is good because you're going to look at every single area as an opportunity when it's not.
Somebody said, can I use the 15 minute, my highest timeframe? Um, I would recommend you not, I, if that's your highest timeframe for entry, you're like me, that's the highest timeframe I enter off of. But I see a lot of these smart money courses, like especially the photon one that I just, I hate the fucking shit they push because it's, it's such a, it's not, it's not, it's not right. So any, anybody, I don't care if you're scalping.
If you're day trading, swing trading, you have to understand how to utilize the daily and weekly chart. If I had to pick one chart, it'd be the daily chart, 100%. Because without that, you don't have any idea what the fuck's going on. You're like in the middle of a mosh pen. You don't know which fucking way everybody's running.
Because you don't have any true direction. You don't have any framework. If you don't have any framework, again, it comes back to this every single order block's an opportunity. Because guess what? There might have been an order block here, down here, and maybe market structure was doing something like this. And that reason, you know, Photon is going to teach you, oh, this is, well, I drew this a little fucked up. Let me redraw it. I want to confuse people. It's something like Photon's going to teach you that this,
is your weak high and strong low. You don't understand that the reason it's still happening is just to manipulate people. This is the weekly open. It comes in a minute. Everyone longs here and wants to ride it all the way up here. And they get shit on and wonder what the fuck happened. And they beat themselves up over it and ruin their psychology. The only problem is they're only watching a four-hour chart.
But if you're aware of where is the weekly candle likely to close, you came in knowing that all of this was just manipulation because that's Monday and Tuesday. And then the true move happens and we start to get that retracement. And this is where we look to position ourselves. So with Bitcoin here, what I think we're doing, and now look at this. So now that we went over that, look what happened here. Monday, what happens? What happens to the weekly open? Catapult. What happens to Tuesday?
This is where we shorted it. We called this in play, but I called this play bit. We shorted it there. So then we look, we take, if you're the 30 minute, that's the candle, highest candle body to lowest candle body. And then look what happens. We come up into it. Right here's the first time. Nothing really happens. No displacement. What happens? We consolidate. We form a range. Remember, what are we talking about here? Accumulation, manipulation, distribution. So what's up here?
Well, there's order box. There's a deep OT, fair value gap. And again, it's Bitcoin. So sometimes it's just not as clean. Like for instance, I would have rather seen like a displacement from this zone right here. But we didn't. Price kind of meandered around. Then we got displacement, but not where you wanted it to. Because we get displacement over here. That doesn't tell me that smart money was filling orders here. That tells me that the orders that filled here were kind of weak and that there might be orders up higher and smart money is going to manipulate price down.
in order to create enough liquidity to go long to push price where it needs to go. So it seems like that this order block here, fair value gap. Now, again, this should happen way earlier in the week. We're at Friday, but crypto is a little wonky. Now, where I would look to take this would be, you know, here would be your first profit talk. Well, if you want to be conservative, let's say you got in like a one minute or something up here because there was an entry. I remember misturing it because I wasn't paying attention to Bitcoin. Bam, break a structure, fair value gap.
order block right here too and that's why i was saying earlier guess what there was multiple entries you could have said this was a breaker block right here sorry this right here right that was a good entry that would give you a tighter stop because you'd use a stop right above it you could have said this was your order block entry you could also said this you see what i'm saying a lot of times when there's a good entry there's multiple ways to attack but um you could have got in there
Something like you would have been right there tagged in. I always use my stop loss at the high of the raid, especially on Bitcoin. I would never use no breaker block. I mean, you could be all the way. You could be fully out right there. It's a beautiful trade, 2R. Like we were going over yesterday, building the narrative doesn't mean you have to trade the entire narrative. You want to build a narrative and that's your framework. And here's your execution. If you're happy with 2R, so be it. And if we look, that would have been a pretty crazy trade right there.
If it hits that, which it hasn't yet. But that would be your next target. And kind of like the lotto target, I guess, so to speak, would be down here.
I'll leave this here as like a little paper trade. I'm not trading this, and I didn't. I don't want to give the false impression. I mean, I'm pretty clear that I didn't take it, but I just always try to be very transparent with that. But now, why would that be the low? Well, because if we look at this range we're in right here, to me, this is where the last two places we moved the most impulsively, right here and right there. We shorted these equal highs. That's why that's there. But here's our range. So here's where our buy side liquidity lies. Here's our sell side.
So what kind of range is this? It's bullish. So I'm not going to try to take it to the external. Why would I take it here? That doesn't even make sense to me because the one hour is bullish. Yes, the weekly drawn liquidity is down here, but something tells me we want to go higher first. I could be wrong, but I look at this like, okay, what's right under this low over here?
Boom. That might be why would Smart Money want to distribute orders down to there, right? Maybe because they have buys right there. Guess what's resting above? Daily buy side liquidity and a massive fair value gap that hasn't been touched, which that's where I think we'll see if we get up into that. That's where I would look to build shorts to try to take us down to this weekly low.
So I hope that helped you guys. I'm going to hop off here. I got to go pick my daughter up. So I'm going to get off here a couple minutes early. But I appreciate all of you all coming through. If you got any questions, let me know. You know how to get to me. If you're in the Discord, you know I'm easily accessible. If you got my Twitter, you can DM me there too. And yeah, that wraps it up. Be safe. Don't trade all weekend and burn yourself out. And I appreciate it, graduate.
Yeah, just take time to study and spend some time with family get out get some drinks do whatever you do I will see you guys on Monday. Well everybody's in the discord I'll see you tomorrow for the private class and everybody else. I'll see you on Monday. Peace
