what's good what's good yes i cried the dump this morning it's kind of um
waiting for something like this with crypto. We're leaving equal highs above, but I wouldn't even really pay too much into that unless we can manage it over here. I might look for some kind of relief bounce longs if we can get a nice little reversal pattern. This is the time of day that I would look for that, but we got to be pretty patient and no need to ever rush into something like that because you are trying to catch a reversal. The reason I would look for it, we have...
a pretty clear narrative where price should return to at some point if we start to see reversal we have this flip zone right here you know price came down into the higher time frame poi which was this entire zone on a four hour
the four hour zone it was this candle right here my price came into it we then saw price reverse i originally wanted this fractal zone but we saw price come into this area and give signs of weakness um right there you know that was your first sign of weakness
Here is your second. So we started to, and that was a flip zone in the lower time frames, came down into this demand. People who are unaware of the higher time frames were probably thinking that.
We were for sure going to be bullish here. I actually wanted to see a bounce here, but we didn't see it. We even got reversal signs, but it seems like the supply was definitely still in control, just playing at this higher time frame move. Price came into that zone, pulled back, and then busted through us. That's what we call a flip zone. You guys have done the classes of PlayBit, know that. We went over that at the first supply and demand class.
That's really where I think price will want to return to. I wouldn't even look for the full inefficient price action or fair value gap fill. I would look for just the low down here.
You could also look at this as a breaker, I guess, this whole zone, but I would just watch for the flip zone. And then we rated all this liquidity as equal lows here, equal lows here, and this clean low down into this fractal demand. This is that sell to buy. It came up, it's a flip zone too. We tapped into the supply right there, reverse from it, and then push through it. So at that point, you can say that
Let me see if my... There you go. I thought I was muted for a second. At that point, we would look for... Let me turn my VPN off. I don't know if that's messing up the stream for you guys or not. There we go. Make sure my stream yard's up. Should be good. Okay. But yeah, sorry if the quality was bad for a second. I don't know if it was or wasn't.
Did you check your source bro? I just I had my VPN on. That's why. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see what we're doing in one minute. So really what I'd look for here is I wanted to get a break above this internal high with displacement. I'm not going to force anything though. But.
Because we could very well just continuously just blast through all this. Because you've got to remember the higher time frame move has said the same thing it said since, you know, we formed this low down here on the 18th. That's going to be a weak low to be targeted. So, you know, we've still got a lot of sell side liquidity in the four hour at these equal lows down here. That's a major target. But I could maybe see some form of local reversal here. Another thing to keep track of. What is the news saying? Hold on. Let's see if this is a 10 or 1030.
This news came out or is coming out. Let's see. Or is it a little later? I think it might be like towards lunch. Let's see. We already had the high impact news this morning. Whenever you see news go better than expected for the United States economy, you can expect to see DXY push to the upside. Oh, we did. Okay. So then also these, no, that's the other one. That's earlier. Hold on.
Okay, so pending home sales are down way worse than expected. That was at 10 a.m. That could give us a little bit of a bounce. Pending home sales were better, though, month over month. Year over year is down tremendously. Let's see what DXY is saying.
I still want DXY to come back down into this zone. That'd be ideal, which you could draw it. Either way, we haven't cleared this low. So I see that as an inducement low. I mean, DXY can react and behave a little differently than other currencies or pairs of currencies, I should say.
We look here, it did remove some lows. I mean, it's behaving like a currency here or like a currency pair, I should say. Remove those lows followed by market structure break right there. So you could start to see DXY push up and become a little more bullish. Because right here where we're at, we're just sitting in OTE at an institutional candle.
You know, after that little pullback from this morning, but that news, it's not really high impact. The pending home sales, I mean, it's not nothing to just ignore, but it's also, you know, nothing to bet the farm on. So that being said, Bitcoin is in this demand. It's kind of aligning. So we'll see. We'll watch, see if we can get a good setup, but I'm not going to force anything at all.
I don't even know if I'll play, but I'll watch it. Just because whenever the four hours bearish, the 15 minutes bearish, I want to see the 15 minute kind of switch bullish first, at least on the internal structure. Because if not, you're just really using those low time frames. And that'll work sometimes, but a lot of the time it's a little risky. So there's no reason to force trades if they're not there. Because you can make your eye believe anything or make it look for anything if you really are trying to trade.
Especially with some people. I know if you try to trade sessions, you almost force there to be a trade during sessions, which can be problematic. And kill zones, too. Because crypto is just really sloppy. You don't see setups. If you come from Forex into crypto, you'll be watching for kill zone setups that just aren't there a lot of the times.
Yo, you see your JPY? Um, no, I haven't really watched any London pairs. He did close them last night. Yeah, he closed them. Yeah. Yeah, he closed them.
10 rocks. Yeah, he closed. I think he got stopped out like right here. Oh, no. I'm talking about his bigger position that he wasn't closing. No, it got stopped out too. Everything did. I remember when he was on there last night. I think he got stopped out like right here. I'm watching Euro USD for shorts. I was plotting this out. Flyers posted this in the other chat. It was a nice trade. It didn't hit the full TP, but I was just plotting it out and kind of watching. I haven't even taken anything. I took a Bitcoin long earlier. I got stopped at breakeven, but...
I haven't really seen anything that's super eye-catching. I want to see the Frank. Oh, my God. That's one thing about watching too many pairs. I do like this setup, the USD Frank shorts. You said watching too many pairs, bro? Go to the other chat. Go to the Forex chat. Look at what I posted. Yeah, I was on four charts earlier. That's like too much for me.
like unless it's the same the similar stuff that moves oh yeah i see yeah i feel like it's just too much for me bro like it's just like lagging and one screen so all those stocks i have an indicator that uh it has a strategy built into it so that's what i use to buy and sell options so i just get alerts when it's ready and it says bing you know buy this option i buy it and it says bing tp1 bing tp2 and i just sell or bing stop loss i say i don't really it's mechanical
Right. It doesn't eat shit. I just pay attention to the indices. That, I don't have it that great. Mechanical? No way. This doesn't look bad right here.
I don't know if you remember me talking about yesterday that Biden was meeting with the G7 and they were trying to put sanctions on Russian gold and Russian oil. G7 finally agreed to the oil and the gold. So since they agreed to gold, it pulled $15.5 billion of liquidity out of the gold market. Honestly, these USD franc shorts don't look too bad.
Rescue where they're at. It's like the aggressive zone because there's just that decisional flip zone right here because they hit into this demand and then busted through it. Yeah, and the stock market was just inducing loans, bro. Like crazy.
you has 30 shorts get they gave a fuck that's what see that's what happens like i was watching crypto that's why crypto just gets on my nerves at this point i was watching crypto and i plotted out this fucking trade and literally i didn't take it but this is i literally plotted this zone price came into this area dude just like bro
but you know it is what it is that's why i was sitting i was like okay this was the one that pissed me off nasdaq and smp they all have a three drive on the one hour so they were all like perfect shorts i was waiting for um naz to come up here yeah now i hit my shorts like bro i got in on the distal i probably had 200 bucks of drawback which one did you take this right here
Uh, yeah. Nice. That's what I figured. It looks pretty good. I'm literally playing supply and demand flip zone to supply and demand flip zone. Yeah, that's kind of what I wanted to do on Bitcoin if it gives me enough confidence. Oops. Let me peep this real quick. Why is it just the link? Yeah, it's nice. Oh, you played like... Wait. I'm trying to see. Which sort is this? It's 15. Yeah.
This is a zoomed out picture so you can see the zone. That's what I was going to say. I was trying to see what zone. And then they came from... Oh, here. Actually, let me post this other one. Look at this second picture. Oh, so you played the actual breaker, like the old demand zone. Yeah. Okay, nice. Yeah. That's what I was wondering. I don't know if it plays if you play the breaker or something else. Yeah, the third picture shows you where the... Oh, I know exactly which one because I have just the flip zone itself. Bitcoin might give a nice little entry. We'll see.
I probably will sit this one out and just kind of watch and observe price action, but it's giving those signs of what you want to see. If we can break above here. Now it's filling that. See, for people that are wondering what setup I'm looking for, really, I would have wanted that inefficiency. If you saw there was an imbalance or there was a distance between this wick and the candle after this one, you would want to see that gap left to show us there's displacement in the market, but it came down and filled it.
May engineer some sell or buy side liquidity here on equal highs, but I don't think that's going to give us the break we want. Possibly another one more liquid down here. That's what Bitcoin loves to do. We have a shitload of data coming out today. Bro, these stocks are just dying. I hope they didn't get into longs. Oh my god. Yeah, US 30 was a nice short run. Oh my god, this shit is just melting.
And all the really volatile use today was pretty much, we got one last in 10 minutes, which is the Dallas Fed Manufacturing Index. But I don't know how much that'll actually have an impact. Everything except depending home sales year over year was better than expected, which is going to be bad for equities. These specific news, like for instance, some news being better than expected can be.
good for for equities like interest rates and stuff but yeah papa's eth shorts were nice those were pretty clean i'm actually about to just add fucking my perp charts to this because i get sick and tired of switching between i've noticed coinbase is like for most mt4 brokers they have to be using coinbase i swear like it's very very similar but just time delayed eth removed all the sell side for the day or in the daily range
ETH was a nice setup. It just didn't give me the POI I wanted, but I think that we could retrace to it. I'll also watch this flip zone that developed. Another thing I've been using off and on is this, it's kind of too early to draw this really, but I like drawing these fixed range volume profiles because you can kind of see, you can get a better, you can mix that with your premium discount and you can get good flip zones.
The next areas I'd watch are this up here. Man, I wish that TradingView would get their shit together on. What's up? How you doing? Chillin, chillin.
Dude, I was going to take BNB shorts this morning, and I didn't. You had a good morning, y'all? Yeah. Yeah, I'm drinking some coffee right now. That's how you feeling? LW, that's how you feeling, man. Hell yeah. I'm up 4,500 this morning.
well i hit nasdaq and well that's not even my nasdaq position i shorted nasdaq but i'm shorting stocks too
Remember how I told you that I sold all my shorts? I repositioned and... Yeah. Remember what I told you last night? Everything looked like shit. Yo, so you remember how I was thinking about Russia? Russia defense, bro. They went... Yeah. Oh, wow. We just had the whole combo about this yesterday. That's crazy. And it happened today.
Hey, yo, let me find out. I'll give you the algorithm. Yo, it's too early for that. It's too early for that. I was in the gym for like three hours. Yeah, I was working out and hoping.
The cats were like, yeah, man, I'm good. My eyes are good. What's up? I looked at what I had to. I enjoyed it. My next couple hours, and then see what's good again. Hell yeah. Some nice little alerts. Brayden says, peep, Aussie, yen.
Yeah, I'm about to be done with it. I'm really not even looking at most crypto or trying not to. I've looked at majors, but I'm about to just cut out everything but Bitcoin and ETH because it's just a waste of fucking time sometimes. For me personally, for my style. I like trading. My best trades recently, other than Bitcoin, has been all Forex. That's all I've really been trading. But I think that Bitcoin and Ethereum still provide pretty good opportunities.
yeah hell yeah and you know the cheaper the price the more percentage of the moves and so like that he should start weaning himself off of uh crypto because pretty soon crypto is not going to have enough liquidity to be traded long way i've been murdering though so okay oh yeah yeah i've been doing his thing for real
When that bull run comes down. That boy 2-1, bro. I wake up, peep the snap. I'm like, another one? Shit. Nigga turned into DJ Khaled, bro. I'm like, another one? I'm like, hold on. I wake up. Yo, no crap. I peep the snap. I'm like, oh, man. He did it again. Yo, honestly, this shit looks kind of good right here. Months of studying you guys, bro. Fucking awesome yen shorts. Yeah?
On everything. I want 20% of everything then. This shit actually looks pretty good. I moved you to this channel. Oh yeah, this is fire. Where was I at? In the other channel, the stock channel. I moved over here because it's like they were getting induced into long.
Were they longing shit? Oh, no. No way. If you're asking about shorts on this, they look very valid. The entry for me would have been right there, but this shit looks very valid.
Very nice. You wouldn't wait for it to break structure again? I mean, for me, it's like... Was that a wick, or was that a full-body blowstruck? That was a one-minute, so I just used wicks on the one-minute. But for me, four-hour, we hit this flip zone. We got a four-hour internal break of structure. So this is a four-hour flip zone. Then 15-minute came into it. Right here. Rated liquidity switched bearish right there. So that's going to be...
the um extreme so price came up into it rated sell side or sorry buy side and then shifted bearish again right here so 15 minute went internally bearish price pushed back up into that order block right here then you didn't really see a sign of weakness to like right here but i would have taken the entry right there i guaranteed them the seconds over here like right here probably but that there is a nice entry right there it'd already be up like like three are probably would have got maybe a little bit of a shittier fill so
You said, what app do I use, though, for it? Metatrader 4. Yo, Casper. Go wait and start the week. What's up? It's Papa. Papa Smug. You peep them ETH shorts? Yeah, that shit was fire. I was actually just talking about that a second ago. What's up, Papa? Your TP was good, too. Are you in Florida? Because you like fishing, and that's like Florida boys. And I'm in Missouri. You're in Missouri.
Bro, I swear, like, I'm in Florida, and every day I see my friends, they go fishing every day, because we have fish in the canals over there, but they be catching some big-ass fish. Bro, I'm so fucking sick about goddamn- Florida waters is different, man. Yeah. Fucking U.S. 30. 90% humidity. You don't want to go over there.
Oh, watch NQ for shorts. It might go down again because it is the sponsor. Yeah, where we're at here, I'd wait until this flips on personally. Yeah, that range right there. It should happen after lunch. I would say like two hours. If it's going to happen.
what are bonds doing not much yeah they're chilling but i think for the day they are yeah oh shit another thing about fucking eth bro is i want to see if we can get like a market ride rally like a little bit which i don't but another thing about eth too um
Where is it? If you're real technical about your swing structure, like with closes, we got a close right there. So that would make this also a break of structure right there. Or wait, I'm sorry. No, it didn't close, actually. It didn't. Never mind.
So I'd probably actually consider it. But that looked clear. But on the daily, I saw what you were talking about on the daily. That's the internal break of structure. But I don't know, man. Crypto, the thing with crypto, even ETH too, you got to think these market caps are minuscule now compared to market capitalizations of companies in the stock market. Ethereum's market cap.
It's $144 billion, which may sound like a lot of money, but in the grand scheme of things, it's...
it's getting to that point. It's still where I'd use a lot of smart money on it, of course, because we're seeing like in tension, we're seeing violent moves away from specific areas. So that's really all I need to still use that. But at the same time, it's like, it's getting closer and closer to that point where, you know, once cryptos are such a low market cap, they're not even really, it's not what you want to trade. You know what I mean? Like personally, at least.
Yeah, I don't really see any signs of strength here yet. Those Aussie Yen shorts were actually looking good. I need to add... I usually don't trade. That's another thing, too. Pairs like these where they're exotic to the dollar, or they're not... I guess, theoretically, this would be an Asia session pair, but it's like... I see those kind of move, however, in weird ways. They'll just move through all sessions, like New York and... Fuck.
Sheesh. It'd be nice to watch up here as well. Time to take my talents to FX. Yeah, that's where it's at, in my opinion. Plus, if you're trying to go the funded route, you might as well go ahead and kiss trading everything but Bitcoin and maybe Ethereum goodbye just because spreads.
I feel like Forex is lit a lot. I've been paper trading a couple of the fucking tickers and shit, bro. Shit's so easy, bro. Yeah, it's just cleaner. It's just cleaner, in my opinion. Yeah, it's because there's more institutions trading. There's more money involved. There's more organized movements. Crypto's kind of like, you know, it's crypto.
That is facts, though. With the money and all of that, too. Like, liquidity-wise and everything. Comparing crypto to, like, the stock market and all of that. Big difference. Big difference. Bro. Applying what we know, right? Smacking these options, bro? Holy. Holy. Where's it all going? I want to hear them, man. Technically, you know, you got data and all of that. But, man. Stocks will go crazy.
You gotta pay attention to the news, man. You have to.
Yeah, these French shorts would have been nice, too. I was really thinking, like, the news, in my opinion, bro, yeah, it's an influence, but, like, you could really catch yourself in a play and all of that before the news even is announced. Oh, yeah, the charts, I don't even, the only thing that I watch news for is just, like, expected volatility. I don't ever try to, like, like, this morning, like, I looked, and I was like, okay, we've got a lot of volatility. It's 830. You know, expect, you know, some form of liquidity to be rated around then.
Because that's all news really does is liquidity rates. It'll just, you know, the masses kind of go with the news. Like, you can probably catch, like, the clues beforehand, man. Sometimes you'll be mid-position and the news hit and you just get boosted. Oh, yeah, it's like this. Look, right here. Huge equal lows. Like, look at all these equal lows. Massive fucking range of liquidity built up down here. It's like, okay, then we have bearish news. Oh, yeah, no one knew that was going to happen. Like, come on now.
That shit just fucking tanked right at stock market open. Because the retail hordes came in to trade the stock market, which Bitcoin moves with indices a lot of the time.
What would happen here? Personally, if I wanted to look for any kind of relief long, I would want the 15-minute internal structure shift bullish. I'll watch and journal if the one minute gets a nice fair value gap to the upside because the ICT model or just really a loop grade model would be us to break away these equal highs with displacement. Nice fair value gap.
Price to come down, fill the fair value gap, mark a structure break, and then you'd look to target either liquidity or fair value gaps above. I would just look for this flip zone personally. But, you know, that's something I'll watch. Which one bet? Yeah, this morning I was watching fucking Bitcoin. I should have been watching Forex. Yeah, USD Frank shorts are nice. So are those Aussie Yen shorts. They're looking good too.
Another thing I like about Forex is it's really tight price action, so you can be a little more aggressive. For instance, you could have taken a short here and put a stop loss right here, which I would not do that with crypto. You could have already been de-risked right here, right at the bottom. You hit 3R. So it's like you can be more aggressive because you can hit those trades. Okay, de-risk, de-risk. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, okay, worst case scenario, it gets stopped out.
and then you look for your next poi but like crypto you won't get that like you're not going to get that kind of price it's going to be like your entries it's going to be way more wiki and the ranges will be wider so you have to like really wait just the main differences between crypto and forex is you're going to have if you're using lower time frames you're going to have to spend more time on screens with crypto
And that's what I don't want. I don't want to be on the screen a lot. I want to work on my other shit, you know. Yeah, exactly, bro. Exactly.
Because then, you know, looking at the screen a lot, like, ended up messing up too. Oh, yeah. Also, I just, my mind went blank for a little bit. But I talked about, okay, so please everyone pay attention to this if you'd ever take my signals. Because a lot of people get confused. Like, if you don't, if you can't, you need to understand what a position size tool is. Because, like, so many people, like, I'll put a position size and it's, they don't understand it. And they're asking, you know, where's the stop loss?
take profit and this and that when it's like you know it's right on this picture so just a little crash course on this so let's just say price is up here right and i set and i say i'm setting limits
okay if price hasn't hit this line so you see where the colors change i'm setting a limit right here that means i'm setting a limit order to buy that asset if the price hits this blue value over here just look at the line and then look for the value that's parallel to it so if the price isn't there then i'm not in the trade if i say buying now or longing now shorting now anything along those lines that means exactly what it
said what i said is shorting now and then the stop loss would be the bottom of this box now for a short position it'd be the same thing except we have different colors we have a
um stop loss up i mean obviously the stop loss in a short is above the price so the stop loss will be there your entry would be there so i just have um please please try to like learn that because it's something you should know if you're trading with live money in a market you should know how to read that and i mean that in the nicest way possible i don't mean to sound like a dick but i'm being honest this is an interesting little setup here
Kind of engineering that liquidity on both sides. No deviation yet from the range though, except if anything, maybe down here, right there. So that could be one of those AMD setups, but price push up into this right here and then push back down. You could see something like that happen, honestly, because this would kind of be the deviation. And then you're also engineering liquidity over here. It's not as clean though.
Maybe see Price do something like, you know, it goes up, bam, and comes down for the lows. That would give us that 15-minute high as well. Damn, Silver's not in the worst spot to short either, or it wasn't this morning. That was pretty clean right there. Right with that, after that 8.30 a.m. news.
It's really what you can watch for at points like this. If you maybe say you didn't get the trade up here or you didn't get it where you exactly wanted it, you could wait for a reversal in one of these zones. That's why you don't set limits like that. I've been trying to tell some people that using confirmation entries, it's not a confirmation entry. For instance, if we set a limit, just set a sell limit right here.
you're not using a confirmation entry. It was a confirmation entry at that time. But for instance, you want to wait till you get something like this.
you know, in your POI, which I'm not saying this is the POI I'd use. You want to get a break of structure, the downside, preferably followed by another one whenever you're using these really low timeframe levels. Because if you just set a limit on something like this after it moves away and you're using like the one minute, three minute, five minute, you're just setting a risk entry on a low time, very low timeframe POI, which is like your odds of success are not the greatest. And a lot of people I see, I see a lot of people doing that when they first learn.
how to do these confirmation areas. They come up in their higher timeframe POI, market structure break to the downside, and then they just set a limit here and forget about it. And it's like, you can't do that. While this looks like a good zone, yeah, sure. I would rather price go into it, start to reverse, and then confirm your entry off of that. Not really. I'd like to see if we come up to this zone reacts, because then you'd get clear at that inducement high.
Oh, yeah, I've been watching it. I've been watching that. I think I was waiting for it to come back up to 50% of the range, which is exactly where you're at. Yeah. See, like right here, you want to get a break under. Now, for instance, like this demand that pushed us back up, you'd want another break of this low if you wanted to try to confirm this zone, you know, and so forth. You don't want to just set limits off these lower time frame zones. Yep, I did 50% of the range is where I was waiting.
On a higher time frame? I think this is the daily range, maybe? Yeah, it's the daily, from the daily range. That's why we shorted it for another day. Yeah. That was a clean-ass trade. God, we could have held that for so much longer, but I mean, should have followed the plan, so I feel like I just took it to the fair value gap. See, that's the kind of shit I like about Forex. It's very clean, easy, you know, you're in and out. Watch the franc, too. Oh, yeah, it's gone. Let's go to Bitcoin, do it.
it swept the lower right part of the range so you've got another deviation there see ideally ethereum i'd went down here for see like bitcoin already kind of got that number that i'll be looking for in ethereum
So what I did when I was looking at Bitcoin, I look at a four hour flip zone. This is just a flip of internal structure and internal supply or fractal, I should say, because you can see price kind of came up into it. There was supply somewhere in this wick on a low time frame. We don't have to do all that for what we're trying to do here. All I'm trying to do is to identify potential relief bounce zone to get maybe some longs in the shorts. But we look at this four hour demand candle here.
We know that the candle body hasn't been tapped into. All this can be refined at a lower time frame, but here was our internal high at this time. Price pushed down, saw reversal, and then we kind of pulled back a little bit from whatever supply we had and then pushed through it. So we went down to a 15 minute.
and refine that a little farther because I see the same thing. We have a flip zone in the 15 minute, you know, while here was the break, you know, but we see we tapped into some supply. This is probably in that four hour wick. And then we had these sell to buy wicks right there. So that's, you know, a 15 minute refinement. And that's where we bounced off of. So we'll see, not really much of a confirmation yet. Now the internal high would be moved to right here, which is good. That's what we want to see because we want to see that 15 minute go bullish.
And then a return down into the demand, you know, once that and if that happens. And then you look for a long off that. It's better in my experience to wait for at least a 15-minute internal structure to shift in the direction of your narrative and to confirm that your narrative is correct. Because if not, you know, like a lot of people I'm doing one-on-ones with and stuff, like they're like using the right concepts. Like they'll say, okay.
you know, um, 15 minute structures, bullish, or I'm sorry, four hour structures, bullish. I'm going to pick a POI. And as soon as the, the 15 minute comes into it or the one minute comes into it, I mean, they long off the one minute, but you're skipping a whole timeframe. So you need like, you know, if this is the four hour, you need the 15 minute to do something like this, to come up and do that first.
You want to get that internal market structure break. So you want to have the 15 minute do a different, show you a different behavior, show you that it wants to go up, show you that 15 minute pullbacks is over. You need a pair across timeframes. It's super, super fucking important when you're using low timeframe execution because people get lost in that one minute and they get, you know what I'm saying? They really do, bro. Like people, it's because it's like, if you, you can, it's like almost like a fucked up.
Yeah, it's like a fucked up game because you'll literally see the same exact setups you'd want to see on a one minute.
But like, and like there are situations where you can be a little more aggressive. Like for instance, if the four hours bearish, the 15 minutes bearish, everything's bearish swing structure. You know what I mean? Like, so you can, then you can do that, but that's only if everything, you know, like here, I'll show you guys an example of that. And this was just, I was just setting 15 minute limits. This is when trading becomes really fucking easy. So at this point we are bearish in the four hour.
The 15-minute was bearish. We had a very nice POI that broke us through our four-hour lows. It was just like, that's free money. You know what I'm saying? I literally set a limit on the 15-minute zone. Didn't use the one minute for confirmation because I was very confident in that zone.
So it's like, um, you know, we had that four hour week low, the actual swing low, um, get targeted there. So it was just like, you know, when you're in that kind of situation when everything is harmonizing, you know, the, all the timeframes are bearish.
Then you could be that aggressive. So now we've got this 15-minute break. So now we can look for... I don't know what's an issue. I have to mute you, sorry. I'm quick with it nowadays, bro. Trigger finger is ready. So I would look in this last candle right here. I wouldn't even... I mean, you could watch this. But I want to see how we react. We'll probably come up into this. Maybe come back down.
you know, wait for a push down into this zone and then that one minute change of character. That's, you know, how I would like to frame these kind of setups. But it takes time and it takes watching the screens, but it will save you a lot of headache and money. But, you know, I don't mind watching the screens, you know, because I'm working from home at the time anyway and working on content, just different shit. So, you know, another thing too, alerts are your best friend.
And it doesn't hurt to not take a trade some days. It's literally okay to do that. So I'd like to close this candle with a fair value gap, but it's got 10 minutes. And it wouldn't be absolutely necessary. Well, I shouldn't say close it with a fair value gap, but close it with enough room to form a fair value gap.
A lot of times these moves will happen really quick too. Like for instance, you know, you mark out this zone, you know, you can refine it if you want. I know we talked about this in the class last Saturday, but some free game for the people on YouTube and stuff. I personally don't refine these. I find that if you see the one, you know, whenever you see the one minute coming to this area, if you start to see a break of structure to the upside with displacement, that's the key. You want a fair value gap with that break of structure.
that's where you can start to look for an entry but until then you're just right here this is what i like to call it we have a framework we've got an idea but no actual opportunity for me so um
At this point, you know, it's kind of just playing a waiting game. And now we've got an idea. We've got something to build around. We've got a narrative that's being built. Okay, well, we were rated all this sell-side liquidity. We're in this fractal demand. Also is refined from a four-hour zone. Same thing we went over in the class. Four-hour zone refined to a 15-minute zone. Price comes into the 15-minute zone. We've got our liquidity rate.
Okay, now we scale the load timeframes. After we come into this zone, we're looking for that break of structure. It's just clockwork. So hopefully...
I might if I take it, I'll signal it. But if I even if I don't take it, I want to see some of you guys taking it, especially the people in the class. And I know that a good amount of you listening are going to take it and you guys know who you are. But I want to see some of the newer people, you know, start to just like, don't be afraid. If you've been practicing for a while and you understand your risk tolerance and all that good stuff, if you get your framework, you know, don't don't hesitate. Just see how it works out for you. It's never.
People, like, get so tripped up over taking a one-hour loss. It's like, bro, that is totally okay to happen. It's not the end of the fucking world. I've been reading. He said he sat through the weekend holding, like, negative 12K P&L. Perk, I saw that. I don't see it. I'm going to unmute him. Perk, why do you hold that position, Perk?
There he is. I unmuted him. I made a mistake and got in on... What the fuck, fam? Timothy's a DJ, bro. That doesn't surprise me at all. Nah, I quit doing it. Nah, hell no. He said I quit doing that shit yesterday. Man, I quit. He said I quit, bro. That's the old me.
I wasn't even able to trade this weekend anyways because I had some family shit going on. I didn't even have my iPad with me all weekend. I was on my phone and I don't get it. I can't even finance my phone. So I kind of fucked myself.
This is kind of going like what we were saying earlier. I was saying when we were watching this range get built up, this could be, and you've got to be aware of everything that could be playing out. That's why I'm just kind of watching right now. This could be one of those AMD setups where, you know, price moves away, right? It gives us, you know, some form of a target, I guess. And then I don't really play these in the low timeframes like this. I'm just watching. But, you know, we create this range and then price deviates from it. And this is pretty clean. And then you hit into this supply.
and then move away from it with a market structure break, which it doesn't look like it's going to give us the structure because your internal low is literally all the way down here. But I'm interested to watch how this plays out. That would give us that displacement into our POI, but I would just stay with the high time frame bias. If you guys got any questions, go ahead and ask them. I'm going to hop off here in a couple minutes. Also, shit, my bad to... This guy here, bro. What's up?
Did you catch anything? No, we've just been chilling. We were watching a trade possibly set up. Well, I guess I'm looking more for like some longs, but just haven't got what I need. Longs? But what's up there? Who said they had a question? Why'd the chicken cross the road? God damn it. I didn't arouse. That was you. I'm weak. Go ahead and mute him back, bro. Fucking...
It got me. I didn't know who that was. That was like whenever Broham used to always ask people if anybody had any questions at lunch hour, I'd always just ask them. I'd be like, yo, how tall are you? What's your favorite color? Area I would watch in this personally would be this right here because I guarantee this is probably like maybe a five-minute order book. It's close to the top of this inside bar, but it's also that fill of this inefficient price action right there. This is a good little POI to watch.
So here, you know, if you're in that 15-minute zone, didn't get that break just yet. You got it right there. So now I'll be just watching. I don't really like where we're at. Because, yes, we're in this 15-minute zone, but we barely tapped into it. So I'll watch and see how price reacts here. If you get a second break of structure, maybe look for some longs. Ideally, though, I'd like to come down here. Can everybody else see the stream?
Somebody said they couldn't see the stream in chat. I don't know. Yeah, no, I can see it. Somebody said, can I take a look at Adam? Yeah, I want to reply to this person. They put it in stream chat. Hold on. Where's the stream chat button? There it goes.
Okay, so I don't really have a price to short Bitcoin from yet, but I have a zone. For me, I'm not just going to set a limit here, but I would watch up around 21.161 to 21.279 would be my first POR, and the next one would be up here at 21.577. So really for me, I'm just watching at these zones. I'm not going to just ape into anything.
So now what I do is I'd watch Bitcoin once whenever we form some more supply and it pushes us back down into this area. If we can break above that level again, we still have enough good risk to reward. I might take a short off that, but it just depends on the structure. So now we've got this internal break of structure, however you plot it with some displacement, which is good. And this is how fast that 15 minute can be. We're still in the 15 minute same candle because it's like, you know, as soon as you get this break.
You know, we really already saw what we were looking for. Price broke above. It came into the 15-minute zone. Broke above to the upside. However you draw structure. I use inside bars. I'm a little more aggressive with it. Then you broke up. So you can just look at this. You could look at really this whole range if you wanted to. You could look at this last thing right here. You could watch price as it comes into this zone for signs of a reversal. But really, I want to see that supply and demand flip because we're going to have to have some form of supply.
push us down into this newly introduced demand. One thing I will say that I don't like is that it's respecting this flip supply right here, which could be a problem, but it's also leaving equal highs. I wouldn't actually consider that equal highs, just the high of this zone. Yeah, let me look at Adam real quick, and then I'm going to hop off here. There was your weekly break of structure just now. Jesus Christ. PML has been taken, as with everything in crypto.
So what I'm looking at is when I see the weekly is bearish, the daily is bearish. We haven't returned to a premium, but we did come into this flip zone that broke us through the last daily range. So that's a pretty big zone for me. If I go to the four hour, you can refine it to this institutional candle. That was respected. So once we come into this four hour zone, we've started to see signs of weakness right there because we had the internal low get taken.
So then you could look for this whole range as a zone of four-hour supply. Price came up into this zone. This actually is forming up pretty nicely for shorts. Price came into that zone. You got that another internal break right there. I'd actually watch this even though I haven't been trading alts.
But what I would need at this point is price to come up into this zone, get a one-minute reversal, and then I'd look for shorts. I have this alert set for whenever price gets up in there. But I'm going to hop off of here until tomorrow. I'll see you guys later. I'm going to make some new EDU content today, so be on the lookout for that. But as always, I appreciate you guys. Enjoy your Monday. Peace.
