All right, what's up? Let me go ahead and make sure everything's going good. I'm still getting used to the Streamlabship. Cool. So we got interest rate decisions coming up at...
2 and then we have 2 30 is when jpa actually speaks so we got like 30 minutes to um uh to to burn so let's see we'll refresh it keep it refreshing sometimes forex funds will or not forex funds forex factory will auto refresh but watch so we'll see how this comes out um it's gonna be interesting now we hit one target on the bitcoin longs we gave in the server um it's we've been in them for i don't know like almost three weeks now yeah
now a little over two weeks i round up whenever i've been getting eaten alive by swap fees uh that's that's one lesson i learned with um trading on my forex funds for the um these kind of longer term trades uh can eat into your profits and it's still a pretty good um pretty good trade nonetheless so i'm happy with it also hold on i see flows in here at the mic i don't even have my headset on yes sir what's up my boy what's good how you doing
Chillin' man, chillin' man. 30 did that thing, boy. Now she about to go down, Ski. Yeah, it's gonna be interesting. I'm interested to see what the fuck is about to happen. It's actually gonna be... Oh, it's going in. It's already starting. The madness begins. Alright, hold on. Let me hop on this string. You're watching BTC. I'm about to peep 30. She just smacked my TP32, bro. Like, literally three minutes before.
Yeah, this Bitcoin one got hit not long ago. I was like a little longer than that but The Bitcoin trend was fire. I'm not gonna lie Bitcoin and Ethan clean lately. Yeah. Yeah, they for sure definitely have Watch this fucking position. I'm at a trader Blue number burp. Yeah, I'm out pretty much everything though. I have stops above entry into account for slippage
Fire same. Let's see it. Let's see some J pal. Let me see some Actually, I want gold gold is gonna go stupid. Yeah, God always goes crazy Fuck it's in my long zone, too
Yeah, I know. It's always fucking FOMC. It's always in the zones where you're just like, I just can't. There was one time. Let's see. It's 2 p.m. What the fuck? Gold. Holy gold, bro. Okay. It just fucking lick rated the lows. I literally, like an hour ago, I just got rid of physical gold, bro. Nice. Let's see.
Are you on Forex.com as your broker? No, not a broker. Just for news. Why isn't it? Okay, they're on. They're as forecasted. That's kind of what I was expecting. There's the short.
Damn, boy. Right into the FDG. I always just love the energy, whatever. Like, it's like the news is coming. Like, I can just, like, feel it. Even though, like, even people, not even you guys, Ty, I know everybody just, like, watch with this shit. So with DXY, because DXY is really close to the draw. That's why I'm talking to you. I didn't see the reactions, bro. Because it's one thing, reacting to yourself, just watching that shit. But then when you're with people and they're all going crazy. Yeah. Oil's moving.
Don't think it's through this gap that I had. I think it was a BPR. I don't know What was it a weekly and I was a weekly order block. That's what it was We're still traveling up in it oils Really think it's gonna end up. I mean it came off this low nicely. Let's do it I don't watch not watching spooze. There we go. There's that dumpage Wow Yeah, I was watching everything today just to see like
kind of study price action but it was funny it was like i took a trade this morning a little scalp and then i was in and i was like nah just this shit but here i was like usually i would have watched this for a short like right there and i was just watching i was like it's gonna pump into fomc i know it look at that sheesh looking at yes yeah
damn what's up guys in the chat i just now saw it as i appreciate you tuning in and welcome to the to the chat um we're on here almost every day so bjorn what's up abra 4.5 i'm not sure what you mean by 4.5 holy dumpage it's going for the pdl probably
Yeah, I fucking I bet XMars. Oh, this is so sad, but I wanted to short this instead of Adam last night and I didn't I was gonna short it was like right here's message in May I was like, I think I'm gonna short this is like right here. It was that candle. I just didn't sort it Holy fucking 30 that age for This is so written this shit is playing beautifully eat that 30 and then peep h1 bro and just look at that FBG
Yeah, I know right right into it Baris divergence on GU and EU Baris SMT. I don't want to say divergence Yeah, I'm not so it's I always get POI starting to hit whenever I am in this Or whenever we're around these fucking crazy ass I know some feel like Jerry betrayed an NFP. I'm like damn you're a savage Somebody said I'm any markets any correlated markets for oil to use for confluence. He had a cad
Canadian dollar. But it's more like Canadian dollar moves with oil. But you can use them together. Does that mean Bitcoin is shitting too? You know, it's actually not that much. I'm just judging by blue numbers on my phone. I got most of it out. I took most of it. That's why I kept looking. I literally was like, is this not refreshing or something?
But it's holding. Yeah, it's holding better than anything else is. Like, I mean, currencies aren't even moving that crazy, to be honest. I mean, like, they kind of are. I mean, look at it. I think that, um, like, it's going for sell stops, but at the same time, you got that bearish divergence to you. I'd probably make another move down. Yeah.
Doesn't the stream in like what 26 minutes like that also moves it a lot usually it can it's it's a hit or miss. Oh So like he might be like You know, he might oh yeah go it isn't a buy zone internet. That's it looks fire, bro
But it's also kind of like in a cell zone at the same time the weekly but I haven't that's really not anything yet It's just kind of like an idea, but I don't really this POI is not the cleanest either Did my new glasses kind of like fucking hurt wearing these not herb like they irritate me wearing these damn Headphones, I want to get some speakers and then like just turn my noise gate up a little bit on my mic so I don't have to wear these fucking headphones Dems who received donations from Sam Bankman fraud
it's good old fox news a lot of people post fox news like it's like like even if whatever side you're on like i'm not gonna get all political but like if you can't tell fox news is biased as like and believe me i'm not like super left or anything i think most people know me know that but fox news is like it's so painstakingly stupid like it's crazy to me that people like watch that it's like a parody play cnn
Yeah, they're all like that. Fox News makes themselves look the worst. I will say that. Like, CNN, at least, is, like, kind of intelligent about bullshitting people. Fox News is, like, just like, bro, you have to be, like, I don't know. I'm not gonna get into that, but that shit's crazy.
Like my dad, he'll sit there and like watch it like that. I'm like, bro, like, what are you, why are you watching this? All right, let's add bullish SMT divergence on NQ one hour. If it holds, it's way too early to really, you know, use that obviously, but volatility index looking like upside. Sell side's been attacked.
Damn, I wish I had a fucking short of Bonero, bro. What a piece of shit. That's like actually really didn't make that much of a move. We got stopped on those Adam cells. We talked about this in the stream yesterday, so I want to go back and I don't want to just dodge that. We did get stopped on these. It's all right. Damn, they wanted to ride a TP. But it seemed like I just wanted to dig deeper into that zone. I overall could have just refined the zone. What I should have, and I kind of was a little hesitant about, but I was still trying to be mechanical with the strategy I've been using.
those equal highs were there and i i had a feeling they might be a draw but it is what it is bitcoin um made up for that times three so the um other setup that i was watching where was it no
Yeah, XMR. I might just want blank. The reason I like this, we shorted this the first time. We're kind of following our order flow in this example. So we caught a nasty short. We trimmed out most of it at this fair value gap right here was where we took most of the profits and then this low. So we are out of the trade pretty much for the most part. But now look, we're coming back up to that daily supply zone that we sold in because we're trying to sell with smart money and just like last time.
Daily order blocks. Daily order block, not much seems to be changing. So now that I've got this four-hour displacement to the downside, I'm looking to frame some form of cells from this zone right here. So I'll signal them if we take them in the Discord. For those of you that are on the stream, you can watch this.
This zone and I was watching it last night. I refined that daily zone down to this four-hour These Wix right here to sell to buy Wix on the one hour. It's order block Right of liquidity into it on a 15-minute sharp move out, right? We got that closure down there So that's kind of what I require for that's kind of answering one of these questions So I said, what is your steps for setup? This is a great example of that. So we came into our area of interest sharp move out of it. We look for
water flow that's pushing us downwards and we look to confirm that that water flow remains bearish so after we got that first displacement down
You can take a fib and you came right back to optimal trade entry and then you started seeing more bearish order flow. So that tells me that the overall narrative is down. So we're going to be drawing towards lows and you have relatively close here. And you kind of just map out your trade like that. I'm sad that I didn't signal it. I didn't take it either. I was going to, I took Adam and that was when they get stopped and I didn't take XMR, but it's part of the game. Can't be mad at it.
Did DX why God it's so close to this fucking level I don't think that it's just gonna the markets are just gonna dump from here, but I could be wrong like they might today, you know, I mean, but I don't think this is like We got news tomorrow, too. Yeah back up and there's quad witching on Friday, too I am Friday distro GG I Said what order block is that? I'm sorry. I don't know which one you're talking about my bad. I just saw it
Somebody said Bitcoin knocking out everything. I mean, I guess it really wasn't. No, no, what I was expecting. I wouldn't have been surprised. I mean, dude, that one FOMC we had. Fuck, where was it? I think it was. Was it this? I think it was September or maybe a little after. I can't remember what. No. Honestly, I can't even remember. It might have been.
It wasn't that far ago. There was one FOMC where Bitcoin went fucking nuts, bro. Like, both. I think it might have been something like this. Something in here. I can't remember. But it was, it was massive. Wasn't it like a 13% move or something? It was something both ways. I remember because I closed, like, right before, like, it was like 150 or something. And right after, I was like, damn, I would have been fucking wrecked. Oh, both ways. Look at this, uh, this fucking video, bro.
Holy fuck. That's so loud. Sorry for the people. God, that is so fucking bad. Look at this fucking guy. What the fuck is he? It's like he's at a fucking hotel, like, business suite thing, like, where you, like, go print your shit off at the hotel. Some of the shit I see on social media, I'm just like, holy fuck. Instagram is, like, cancerous, bro. Like, literally, Instagram is so fucking bad. Like, it really, like, really is. So fucked. TikTok ruined it.
Well, I mean take talks, but I mean bad in a sense like Like just the cringe level. Yeah, it's like face. It's like the new Facebook Facebook And they own it, you know, so it's not for that Yeah, so it looks like it might hit though like what you got right there on dollar cad. I'm not gonna trade it right now just after that but So we got 15 minutes to kill not too much
To really go over today as far as setups. Um There's a paper trade on BNB. We didn't get stopped on that or anything. I left it there, but I didn't know I didn't leave anything open for the What's it called? I Wanted to pay this is gonna be another one right here was another paper trade. Maybe I should open that one like coin BNB went through that at pride now. I didn't yeah, I did I did trade into this candle
That's already really traded into these I was looking at this yesterday. I was trying to kind of follow this but You traded in here, but then there's so much Going on today. I didn't want to really trade off this you just delete all this Jumbo because really what I saw was this was a down move That then produced this up move right here, even though it was a mitigation and then from there we kind of can refine it to this
But all that's getting cleaned out looks like it went took this low right into this order block down here Not really the water flow. I'd like to see Maybe these Bitcoin runners that take me to Valhalla Cardano is not like an awful though to be to be I mean, I don't like this right here all that but Old coins 80 it would be the only one I would trade to be honest, dude. I swear though
XMR is another one bro. XMR and Litecoin, both of them trade really well. XMR's got liquidity. XMR's fire. XMR moves. Oh no, you're right about ADA. Hold on. That volume kind of looking crazy too on Daily and H4. Yeah, it looks fire. I'm gonna pump up. See what she does.
Took the liquidity right there and then we had that optimal trade entry Order block right here, but it obviously went deeper than that again deeper and deeper
I'm fucking tired. I stayed up late as shit last night and then woke up early and drank like two fat ass cups of coffee. Like this massive cup. It was literally like, um, like a half a coffee pot I've drank. I drink like, I usually drink. It's like probably like, I'd say the whole coffee pot. It's not a massive one, but it's like, I'd say it's like 64. Um, uh,
Like 64 ounces and I probably drink like 32 ounces Yes, I am funded Seahawks and then also what's my already answered that what steps first set up you have to set up I mean just kind of break it down basically, you know first and foremost a structure That's gonna tell you what you need to know you need to be doing it on your higher time frames and then translate that down into your lower time frames From there you want to find what kind of points of interest you trade from whether it's breaker blocks fair value gaps order blocks and then once price
Um, you know, let's say if you're bullish, we're going to look for bullish points of interest to then target a buy side liquidity. Or if you're bearish, you're going to use bearish points of interest to target sell side liquidity. So the whole idea is figuring out the narrative of where price is going and why it's going there. Like if you're in a four hour uptrend, um,
a lot of the times the the midterm drawn liquidity is going to be the four hour high uh some schools of thought will call it a week high but it's drawn liquidity week high whatever it's just where you think price is going and then you want to use structure and volume like and when i say volume i don't mean actual volume i mean like candle bodies so like for instance here on the dollar nice full-bodied push up here so now
if we were a buyer you know we were in a higher time frame buy zone you could say okay well this down move is what caused that move because smart money's buying on the down move now you can refine that you know you can say okay well i don't use the last candle or you might say i use the the biggest candle as far as terms of body size however you do it that's going to take testing to figure out what's best and then once price comes down into your area then you look for structure
to then do the same thing it did here on the lower timeframes. And you can layer that as many times as you want until you get the risk reward you want and target obvious areas of where stops would be. I'm not telling you this is what DXY is gonna do. I'm just trying to use this as an example because you can do that on any timeframe, but what matters is what context you're in. So your five minute might be bullish, but the only reason that five minutes bullish might be to retrace a bearish one hour move.
Because if the one hour is retracing or the one hour is correcting or moving back into a premium, then the lower timeframes are going to have to be bullish to do so. So it's all about understanding context. And if I had to say the most important thing would be multi-timeframe structure, that's going to be paramount. So hopefully that was a little cool crash course. Is it all described in my videos? I do the best I can. So he asked about Litecoin.
So, Litecoin had this fair value gap over here. I'm going to take these headsets off for a second. I'll be able to hear you guys if you talk, but I'm going to take them off for like two seconds. God, that shit hurts my ears with these new glasses.
I use H1 or H4 more for Forex. It just depends what I'm doing. If I'm swing trading, I'm going to use H4. H1's more for like intraday high timeframe stuff. For Litecoin, we're in this daily fair value gap here. If we go on the weekly chart, also in a pretty massive weekly fair value gap. And I think it's also, we didn't touch into the balanced price range just yet. So another potential draw.
Could be that if we do start to move higher, the markets remain bullish. That would be a point I would look for a reversal at. Now, if I'm going to go down to the daily chart, we tapped in that fair value gap.
relatively equal highs here. So there's going to be a lot of buy stops up there. We did pip the high and then move down. So we're starting to see that bearish order flow. But the main kind of point to get over or get under, I should say, is going to be how we react to this fair value gap down here. Because let's say price does maintain a bearish order flow. There's a high chance that we're going to reverse there. And then the only point I see
are those highs. And now it also pushes into that unbalanced price range. So I think Litecoin could be buys either in this fair value gap or at this order block if price bounces off it nicely. You could refine that to like a one hour probably to make it a little clear if you'd like. Again, it's all just kind of like what you like to do. Those would be the zones I'd be watching on Litecoin.
Just get new headphones. Yeah, I probably need to but it's these glasses too. I just got them But they're pretty like thick so it's like I feel like they're gonna be like that with any With any headsets because I have a big ass head. Um, so we got 20 or 10 minutes Yeah, I wrote a thread too for you guys. Um, if you're not on my Twitter You can go watch it I kind of try to explain because I've gotten questions from people who don't trade smart money like
You know, because it always sounds super esoteric and like there's so many condescending overtones in the space and people using like big words to sound smart. But nobody really ever talks about like why it works. And most people that are trying to teach people stuff, they don't even understand how it works. And it's interesting to like even if you're not trading, I think it's pretty fascinating to understand like the process between liquidity providers, market makers and, you know.
composite man however you want to whatever you want to the moniker you want to use but it's it's really just a multitude of different financial bodies that are uh making the markets work against you so to speak so go check that out if you're ever curious on uh you know what smart money concepts is so to speak yeah crypto's holding up pretty good adam's a hoe for this but it's okay
Woo, this is another coin that I've been watching off and on. I think they're backed by Binance. It's some kind of like decentralized exchange. Seems pretty bullish still. I like this zone right here. We can get down into it to get some buys. Actually, I'll just use the whole sell to buy range. Oh, you said you wear Bayer Dynamic DT770 Pros. Never had any issues. I'll click those up. Let's just see if those are. I'm actually curious. Never heard of those.
Okay, yeah, they're probably look are gonna tell this from this little thumbnail. They look more cushiony These are I have are the hyper X that they're good for gaming, but they're not like super super nice like studio headphones These look nice. I used to run those You said you used to have these yeah, the hyper X's. Oh, yeah. Yeah That's what you could hear in like my first videos and stuff, but I had to get a mic Yeah, I was like Bluetooth headphones over the head
See I use them for like my mic. I have a high that the mic I have is a hyper x2 It's the quad cast like it's like a mounted mic or like a studio mic and it it's pretty good Honestly, it was like a hundred the colors. Yeah. Yeah Yeah I fuck with him like it's really clear like I get like a lot of people like damn like your mic sounds way better than it used to if I haven't talked to him because I used to use these for the streams to
And it was pretty rough Yeah, yeah for the The what's it called hyper axis? Let me go ahead. I always have trouble finding the speech Yeah, but for sure Yeah
Good old Dixie. Honestly, DXY has like the cleanest chart of any asset ever. It really does lately. It's just so, it's like easy mode. It's for sure got another little bit down though. Like we might not do it today, but it's going to move into that weekly fair value gap. And the only thing is though, if we're looking at it from a weekly standpoint, it almost looks like, you know, this would be a bullish power of three in the weekly because we're coming out and making that low of the week on a Wednesday. But, you know, it's definitely possible. I just...
i'm not seeing what we're really i mean there's a reaction or not reaction a rejection block on a four hour um it's tapped into twice so yeah i guess but it's not really what i was looking for since it's not a weekly level i did take out these sell stops right here but you know we might not go into that we'll see i think the only thing that would make me really uh i rethink that would be a massive push um and holding displacement inside this fair value gap
Because, you know, your weekly open is still, depending on which one you use, which I just use the Sunday open. It would be a crazy weekly candle for this to go bullish this week, though. What the fuck?
Oh, sorry, I'm just not seeing some of these alerts. I'm gonna take these off. Is there any video about your challenge, like how much you risked, risked a reward you went for? Now, I haven't made a video about that. You know what sucks is I wanted to document it, but it was just too much work for me. Maybe I was just being lazy. I just didn't want to video every single day and edit every single day of trading because it was like 50 days. So it was a cool idea, but I was like, that's too much. But so basically...
When I was trading, when I did my challenge, the first phase, I actually went into some drawdown, pretty bad drawdown, and then traded Bitcoin on a swing trade to get out of most of it. But...
I don't really like go for a, I guess, fixed risk reward most of the time. On the first phase of the challenge, I didn't. But then the second phase, I was playing like a fixed 2R with half a percent risk just because I wanted to go pretty easy at it. You know, I didn't want to rush it because I know a lot of people fail phase two. And I was trading mainly gold in the S&P and some NASDAQ too, but mainly gold in S&P.
But yeah, I was trading liquidity rates on those two during New York kill zone
When did I get into trading and ICT concepts? So overall getting into trading, um, you know, like the first time I was really like trading anything or buying and selling stuff was like 2016, but really like focusing on day trading and trying to make it like, you know, my main gig, uh, 2020 and then smart money concept was like early 2021, like ICT and stuff, like get it that I had entertained it before and I had like watched it and all, but like when I really started to like grasp it, I should say.
Any tips on getting a bias when London sweeps both sides of Asia? Happened on silver today. First off, on days like today, you're going to have harder time. Let me just do silver futures. But on days like today, you're going to have a harder time getting a clean bias. Yeah, I mean, so what I would have done here, let's go on the one hour.
And just kind of ask yourself, like, where is more liquidity resting? You know, like, so if you have really just an order block up here and then you've got this fair value gap and liquidity right here.
So like to me this would have been where there's more liquidity so I'd be a little bearish biased so to speak It would have been a tricky one because you know me personally I probably would have saw this push and then this push back in I would have priced sold their stops here But you have to take it into account that you know, it's FOMC day and metals move very rapidly whenever we have these kind of days so I guess the Answer to that would be
sometimes it's going to be wrong. You know what I mean? Like you're going to be like, that's the way I look at it. It's never always right. Um, but on days like today, you just want to set it out. Like as far as trying to go for like the whole like daily profile and everything, like super professional price action, you're, you're looking in the wrong place. If you're looking on days like today or NFP or CPI, any of that, I mean, it's going to be price deliveries, price delivery, but it's not going to be like taking candy from a baby or anything. Adeliki asked for RSR.
I don't like that. I'm not going to lie. If this would have swept this, I would say we're in a good buy zone. And it still may be. But me personally, I would want to see more than we've got. We've got displacement. I wouldn't really call it displacement because of all the wicks. So, I mean, overall, really, you know, your order flow is pretty bearish.
This is the last space where I see a lot of money moving around was up in here. Displacement down. Trade back up into this order block. Again, displacement down. You can use whichever low you'd like. Price trades back up into this order block. Write a liquidity into it here. Oops, wrong tool. What I like to do on moves like this is watch optimal trade entry.
i think this whole zone could have some value i mean it's already been tapped into you might see a deeper push into it but at the same time i mean this is all i would really watch is like maybe this zone up here it's really not the cleanest price action maybe refine that to this one hour candle right there and there's a little bit of a fair value gap that's probably what i would um refine this to somewhere in there it's right around optimal trade entry too and then overall you know if
But again, I would be watching Bitcoin too. Because if Bitcoin starts to move up more and does stay bullish, I would be wary to short. But overall, I would watch for something like this. Something like this. Entry model. Let me just draw that again. That's terrible.
If we get price pushing back up here, I wouldn't just short straight from it. I would wait for that same price action you have right here, but on a lower time frame, maybe like a five minute, and then look and target all the lows.
and it may have already kind of left the station, so to speak, because, you know, price, like, it came down and took that low and immediately pushed back up right to the bottom of this zone. Now, again, that's kind of like drawing a wide zone, but, you know, that's really the smart, the move up that caused the move down, so to speak. QNT. Let me use, like, the Coinbase chart. Oops. There's more data. It wasn't on anything else for a really long time.
So yeah, weekly fair value gap. But you're not really, you know, I would say, I mean, this is really the impulse move for the most part. You came back right to a premium. At that premium, you got a lot of wicks up here. I mean, to be honest, I'd almost want to see this higher before I'd sell it. You go to like a one hour and look at this, it looks like. I really like this little zone right here.
and the four hour structure is pretty rough to really do much with or the daily i mean so let's go to four hour there's like prices we're trying to move back up into this area so
That's a tough one because we have came to a premium. We haven't really tapped into any kind of major point, but that doesn't necessarily mean we have to. Overall, the trend is bearish, so we don't want to shoot for the fences. Let's see. Actually, I'm missing the fucking shit. All right, guys. Overall, I'd wait on that. Let's go ahead and watch this.
The median projection in the SEP for total PCE inflation is 5.6 percent this year and falls 3.1 percent next year, 2.5 percent in 2024, and 2.1 percent in 2025. Participants continue to see risks to inflation as weighted to the upside.
Despite elevated inflation, longer-term inflation expectations appear to remain well anchored, as reflected in a broad range of surveys of households, businesses, and forecasters, as well as measures from financial markets. But that is not grounds for complacency. The longer the current bout of high inflation continues, the greater the chance that expectations of higher inflation will become entrenched.
The Fed's monetary policy actions are guided by our mandate to promote maximum employment and stable prices for the American people. My colleagues and I are acutely aware that high inflation imposes significant hardship as it erodes purchasing power, especially for those least able to meet the higher costs of essentials like food, housing, and transportation.
We are highly attentive to the risks that high inflation poses to both sides of our mandate, and we are strongly committed to returning inflation to our 2 percent objective. At today's meeting, the Committee raised the target range for the federal funds rate by a half percentage point, bringing the target range to 4.25 to 4.5 percent. And we are continuing the process of significantly reducing the size of our balance sheet. With today's action, we have raised-
Also, yes, I am going to do that video on Forex replay. Sorry. Increases in the target range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate in order to attain a stance of monetary policy that is sufficiently restrictive to return inflation to 2% over time. Over the course of the year, financial conditions have tightened significantly in response to our policy actions. Financial conditions fluctuate in the short term in response to many factors, but it is important that over time they reflect
the policy restraint that we're putting in place to return inflation to 2 percent. We are seeing the effects on demand in the most interest-sensitive sectors of the economy, such as housing. It will take time, however, for the full effects of monetary restraint to be realized, especially on inflation.
In light of the cumulative tightening of monetary policy and the lags with which monetary policy affects economic activity and inflation, the Committee decided to raise interest rates by 50 basis points today, a step down from the 75 basis point pace seen over the previous four meetings. Of course, 50 basis points is still a historically large increase, and we still have some ways to go.
As shown in the SEP, the median projection for the appropriate level of the federal funds rate is 5.1 percent at the end of next year, a half percentage point higher than projected in September. The median projection is 4.1 percent at the end of 2024 and 3.1 percent at the end of 2025, still above the median estimate of its longer-run value.
Of course, these projections do not represent a committee decision or plan, and no one knows with any certainty where the economy will be a year or more from now. Our decisions will depend on the totality of incoming data and their implications for the outlook for economic activity and inflation. And we will continue to make our decisions meeting by meeting and communicate our thinking as clearly as possible.
We are taking forceful steps to moderate demand so that it comes into better alignment with supply. Our overarching focus is using our tools to bring inflation back down to our 2 percent goal and to keep longer-term inflation expectations well anchored. Reducing inflation is likely to require a sustained period of below-trend growth and some softening of labor market conditions.
Restoring price stability is essential to set the stage for achieving maximum employment and stable prices over the long run. The historical record cautions strongly against prematurely loosening policy. We will stay the course until the job is done. To conclude, we understand that our actions affect communities, families, and businesses across the country. Everything we do is in service to our public mission.
We at the Fed will do everything we can to achieve our maximum employment and price stability goals. Thank you. I will look forward to your questions.
Steve Leisman, CNBC. Thanks for taking my question, Mr. Chairman. You just talked about the importance of market conditions reflecting the policy restraint you put in place. Since the November meeting, the 10-year has declined by 60 basis points. Mortgage rates have come down. High-yield credit spreads have come in. The economy has accelerated, and the stock market is up 6%.
Is this loosening of financial conditions a problem for the Fed in its effort and its fight against inflation? And if so, do you need to do something about that? And how would you do something about that? Thank you. So as I mentioned, it is important that overall financial conditions continue to reflect the policy restraint that we're putting in place to bring inflation down to 2%. We think that financial conditions have tightened significantly in the past year.
But our policy actions work through financial conditions, and those in turn affect economic activity, the labor market, and inflation. So what we control is our policy moves and the communications that we make. Financial conditions both anticipate and react to our actions. I would add that our focus is not on short-term moves, but on persistent moves. And many, many things, of course, move financial conditions over time.
I would say it's our judgment today that we're not at a sufficiently restrictive policy stance yet, which is why we say that we would expect that ongoing hikes would be appropriate. And I would point you to the SEP again for our current assessment of what that peak level will be. As you will have seen, 19 people filled out the SEP this time.
17 of those, 19, wrote down a peak rate of 5% or more in the fives. So that's our best assessment today for what we think the peak rate will be. You will also know that at each subsequent SEP during the course of this year, we've actually increased our estimate of what that peak rate will be. And today, the SEP that we're published shows, again, that overwhelmingly, FOMC participants believe that
inflation risks are to the upside. So I can't tell you confidently that we won't move up our estimate of the peak rate again at the next SEP. I don't know what we'll do. It will depend on future data. What we're writing down today is our best estimate of what we think that peak rate will be based on what we know. Obviously, if the inflation data come in worse, that could move up, and it could move down if inflation data are softer.
Gina Smiley, New York Times. Thanks for taking our questions. The SEP, like you mentioned, suggests that the Fed will be making another three-quarter percentage points worth of rate increases in 2023. I wonder if you would foresee that being in 25 basis point increments, 50 basis point increments, sort of how you see the speed playing out going forward. And then I wonder what you're looking at as you determine when to stop.
As I've been saying, as we've gone through the course of this year, as we lifted off and got into the course of the year and we saw how strong inflation was and how persistent, it was very important to move quickly. In fact, the speed, the pace with which we were moving was the most important thing. I think now that we're coming to the end of this year, we've raised 425 basis points this year, and we're into restrictive territory.
It's now not so important how fast we go. It's far more important to think, what is the ultimate level? And then at a certain point, the question will become, how long do we remain restrictive? That will become the most important question. But I would say the most important question now is no longer the speed. And that applies to February as well. So I think we'll make the February decision based on the incoming data and where we see financial conditions, where we see the economy. And that'll be the key thing.
for that decision. But ultimately, that question about how high to raise rates is going to be one that we make looking at our progress on inflation, looking at where financial conditions are, and making an assessment of whether policy is restrictive enough. I've told you today we have an assessment that we're not at as restrictive enough stance, even with today's move, and we've laid out our individual assessments of what we would need to do to get there. At a certain point, though, we'll get to that.
And then the question will be, how long do we stay there? And there the strong view on the committee is that we'll need to stay there until we're really confident that inflation is coming down in a sustained way. And we think that that will be some time. Now, why do I say that? If you look at the – you can break inflation down into three sort of buckets. The first is goods inflation. And we see now, as we've been expecting really for a year and a half, that supply conditions would get better.
and ultimately supply chains get fixed and demand settles down a little bit and maybe goes back to services a little bit and we start to see goods inflation coming down. We're now starting to see that in this report and the last one. Then you go to housing services. We know the story there is that housing services inflation has been very, very high and will continue to go up, actually, as rents expire and have to be renewed.
They're going to be renewed into a market where rates are higher than they were when the original leases were signed. But we see that the rate for new leases is coming down. So once we work our way through that backlog, that inflation will come down sometime next year. The third piece, which is something like 55 percent of the index, PCE, core inflation index, is non-housing-related core services. And that's really a function of the labor market, largely at the biggest cost by far.
in that sector is labor. And we do see a very, very strong labor market, one where we haven't seen much softening, where job growth is very high, where wages are very high, vacancies are quite elevated, and really there's an imbalance in the labor market between supply and demand. So that part of it, which is the biggest part, is likely to take a substantial period to get down. The goods inflation has turned pretty quickly now. After not turning at all for a year and a half, now it seems to be turning.
But there's an expectation, really, that the services inflation will not move down so quickly so that we'll have to stay at it so that we may have to raise rates higher to get to where we want to go. And that's really why we are writing down those high rates and why we're expecting that they'll have to remain high for a time.
Howard Schneider with Reuters. Thanks for taking the question. You described GDP growth in the SEPs as moderate or modest, I believe, yet it's really approaching stall speed. Half a percentage point is not much. You described labor market unemployment rate as representing some softening, but it's nearly a full percentage point rise, and that's well in excess of what has historically been associated with recession. Why wouldn't this be considered a recessionary projection by the Fed?
Well, I'll tell you what the projection is. I don't think it would qualify as a recession, though, because you've got positive growth. The expectations in the SEP are basically, as you said, which is we've got growth at a modest level, which is to say about a half a percentage point. That's positive growth. It's slow growth. It's well below trend. It's not going to feel like a boom. It's going to feel like very slow growth, right? In that condition,
labor market conditions are softening a bit unemployment does go up a bit i would say that many uh analysts believe that the that the natural rate of unemployment is actually elevated at this moment so it's not clear that that that those forecasts of inflation are really much above the natural rate of unemployment we can never identify its location with great precision but that 4.7 is is still a strong labor market if you look you know you've got the reports we get from the field are that
companies are very reluctant to lay people off. Other than the tech companies, which is a story unto itself, generally companies want to hold on to the workers they have because it's been very, very hard to hire. And you've got all these vacancies out there far in excess of the number of employed people. That doesn't sound like a labor market where a lot of people will need to be put out of work. So there are channels through which
the labor market can come back into balance with relatively modest increases in unemployment, we believe. None of that is guaranteed, but that is what their forecast reflects.
Thanks, Nick Timmeros of The Wall Street Journal. Chair Powell, I want to follow up on Gina's question. The decision to step down the pace of rate rises appears to have been socialized at your last meeting, largely before the past two CPI reports showed inflation decelerating in line with the committee's forecast this year. You just now talked about making decisions meeting by meeting and being mindful of the lags of policy. Does that mean all things equal?
you would feel more comfortable probing where the terminal rate is by moving in 25 basis point increments, including beginning at your next meeting? I haven't made a judgment on what size rate hike to make at the last meeting, but what you said is broadly right, which is having moved so quickly and having now so much restraint that's still in the pipeline, we think that the appropriate thing to do now is to move to a slower pace.
you know, that will allow us to feel our way and, you know, and get to that level, we think, and better balance the risks that we face. So that's the idea. It makes a lot of sense, it seems to me, particularly if you consider how far we've come. But again, I can't tell you today what the actual size of that will be. It will depend on a variety of factors, including the incoming data in particular, the state of the economy, the state of financial conditions.
no absolutely not no as a as a just a matter of practice the sep reflects any data that's that comes out during the meeting and participants know that they have the they know this that they they can make changes to their sep during the meeting you know well in advance of the press conference so that we're not running around but that's not the case it's never the case that that that the seps don't reflect
important piece of data that came in on the first day of the meeting
Hi, Chair Powell. Rachel Siegel from The Washington Post. Thank you for taking our questions. I'm wondering if we could talk about the projection for the unemployment rate. Why has the Fed raised its unemployment projection? Is it because the model suggests that a higher terminal rate would automatically cause a higher unemployment rate, or are you seeing signs that the labor market isn't quite as strong as we think it is now? Thanks. No, it's not about the strength of the labor market. The labor market is clearly very strong. It is more just that, you know, by now,
We've continually expected to make faster progress on inflation than we have, ultimately. And that's why the peak rate for this year goes up between this meeting and the September meeting. You see the fact that we've made less progress than expected on inflation. So that's why that goes up. And that's why unemployment goes up, because we're having to tighten policy more.
And so it didn't go up by much in the median, I don't think, but that's the idea, is slower progress on inflation, tighter policy, probably higher rates, probably held for longer, just to get to where the kind of restriction that you need to get inflation down to 2 percent.
In order to get to that number, how much of that could be caused by layoffs versus vacancies, trimming, or changes to the labor force population rate? It's very hard to say. You can look at history, right? And history would say that in a situation like this, the declines in unemployment would be more meaningful, I think, than what you see written down there. But why do we think that is the case? I'll give you a few reasons.
overhang of vacancies, meaning that vacancies can come down a fair amount. And we're hearing from many companies that they don't want to lay people off so that they'll keep people because it's been so hard. I mean, I think it feels like we have a structural labor shortage out there where there are 4 million fewer people, a little more than 4 million, who are in the workforce available to work than there's demand for workforce. So the fact that there's a strong labor market.
means that companies will hold on to workers, and it means that it may take longer, but it also means that the costs in unemployment may be less. Again, that we're going to find out empirically, but I think that's a reasonably possible outcome, and you do hear many labor economists believe that it is. So we'll see, though. Colby.
Thank you. Colby Smith with the Financial Times. How should we interpret the higher core inflation forecast for 2023 in the SEP? Does that not then suggest that the policy rate currently forecasted for next year should actually be higher than the 5.1 medium estimate penciled in?
Well, I think that's why one of the reasons it went up was that CORE came in stronger this year, came in stronger this year. Yeah, what you see is our best estimate as of today, really, as of today, for how high we need to raise rates, how much we need to tighten policy to create enough restrictive policy to slow economic activity and soften the labor market and bring inflation down through those channels.
That is the estimate, best estimate we make today. And as I mentioned, we'll make another estimate for the next SEP. And of course, between meetings, we do the same thing, but we don't publish it.
Hi, Victoria Guida with Politico. I wanted to make sure I understand specifically what's going on in the SEP because you all expect rates to go higher, but you're also more pessimistic about what inflation is going to look like next year. And I was just wondering, given that we have seen some cooling in inflation, is that primarily because of wage growth, that you expect wage growth to be sort of a headwind? We're going into next year with higher inflation than we had thought.
So we're actually moving down to the level that we're moving down to next year is still a very large drop in inflation from where inflation is running now, well more than a 1 percent change in inflation. But remember that the jump-off point at the beginning of the year is higher. So we're moving down still by a very large chunk. I don't think the policy is having any less effect. It's just starting from a higher level at the end of 2022. So we're getting down, I believe, the median is 3.5 percent. That's a pretty-
significant drop in inflation um and you know where is it coming from it's coming from it's coming from the good sector clearly um by the middle of next year we should begin to see uh lower inflation from the uh the housing services sector and then you know the big question is when we how much will you see from the largest the 55 of the index which is the non-housing services uh sector and you know that's that's where you need to see
We believe you need to see a better balancing of supply and demand in the labor market so that you have – it's not that we don't want wage increases. We want strong wage increases. We just want them to be at a level that's consistent with 2 percent inflation. Right now, if you factor in productivity estimates, standard productivity estimates, wages are running, you know, well above what would be consistent with 2 percent inflation.
Thanks. Hi, Chair Powell. Neil Irwin with Axios. Some of your colleagues have been pretty explicit that they can't imagine rate cuts happening in 2023. That's certainly not implied by the SEP. But futures markets have priced in some easing in the back half of next year. What's your view of the likelihood of any kind of rate cuts next year? What circumstances might make that plausible? Our focus right now is really on moving our policy stance to one that is restrictive enough to
assure a return of inflation to our 2 percent goal over time. It's not on rate cuts. And we think that we'll have to maintain a restrictive stance of policy for some time, historical experience, caution strongly against prematurely loosening policy. I guess I would say it this way. I wouldn't see us considering rate cuts until the committee is confident that inflation is moving down to 2 percent in a sustained way.
so that's that's the that's the test i would articulate and you're correct there there are not rate cuts uh in in uh in the scp for 2023
Steve Matthews with Bloomberg. Let me ask you about China. In the last few weeks, China has abandoned its COVID policy and been reopening pretty strongly. I'm wondering if you see that as disinflationary because you're seeing supply chains improve or inflationary because it obviously brings a lot more demand globally, improves the global outlook for growth and for commodities prices.
So you're right. Those two things will offset each other. Weaker output in China will push down on commodity prices, but it could interfere with supply chains ultimately, and that could push inflation up in the West. It's very hard to say, you know, how much – how those two will offset each other. And it doesn't seem likely, actually, that the overall net effect would be material on us.
China faces a very challenging situation in reopening. We've seen waves of COVID all around the world can interfere with economic activity. China, a very critical manufacturing place for manufacturing and exporting. Their supply chain is very important. And China faces a reopening. They've backed away from their COVID restriction policies. There could be very significant increases in COVID, and we'll just have to see. It's a risky situation.
But again, it doesn't seem like it's likely to have material overall effects on us.
Hi. Chris Rugebert, Associated Press. Thank you for taking my question. I wondered if you could comment a bit more about yesterday's inflation report. I mean, it showed inflation cooling in all three of the categories that you laid out at Brookings. Are you starting to see – are you confident that you're seeing real progress on getting inflation under control? Are you still worried it could slip into some kind of unentrenched upward spiral? Thank you. Right.
The data that we've received so far for October and November, we don't have some remaining data to get in November, but they clearly do show a welcome reduction in the monthly pace of price increases. As I mentioned in my opening statement, it will take substantially more evidence to give confidence that inflation is on a sustained downward path. So the way we think about this is this. This report is very much in line with what we've been expecting and hoping for.
And what it does is it provides greater confidence in our forecast of declining inflation. As I mentioned, we've been expecting forecasting significant declines in overall inflation and core inflation in the coming year. And this is the kind of reading that it will take to support that. So really, this gives us greater confidence in our forecast rather than at this point changing our forecast. In terms of the pieces, we have been expecting
Goods inflation to come down as supply chain pressures eased. That's happening now. Housing services, as I mentioned, there is good news in the pipeline. As long as new housing leases show declining inflation, that will show up in the measure around the middle of next year, so that should help. And the big piece, again, is core services ex-housing.
which is very important, and we have a ways to go there. You do see some beginning signs there, but ultimately that's the big, more than half, as I mentioned, of PCE core index, and it's very fundamentally about the labor market and wages. If you look at wages, look at the average hourly earnings number we got with the last payrolls report.
you don't really see much progress in terms of average hourly earnings coming down. Now, there may be composition effects and other effects in that, so we don't put too much weight on any one report. These things can be volatile month to month. But we'll be looking for wages moving down to more normal levels where workers are doing well and ultimately their gains are not being eaten up by inflation.
Excuse me, Michael McKee from Bloomberg Radio and Television. There's a little bit of a disconnect between the optimistic view you just expressed about the economy and the changes that you've made in the SEP. And I'm wondering if you're reacting to the fact that the markets have loosened financial conditions, or if you feel the Fed may be a little bit behind on inflation, whether –
the recent disinflation we're seeing is transitory or not, and how this affects the idea of a soft landing if you're projecting just half a percent growth for this year.
So if I – I think I got your question. So, you know, one thing is to say is I think our policies end up getting into a pretty good place now. We're restrictive, and I think we're – you know, we're getting close to that level of sufficient – we think sufficiently restrictive. We laid out today what our best estimates are to get there. And, I mean, it boils down to how long do we think this process is going to take.
And, of course, we welcome these better inflation reports for the last two months. They're very welcome, but I think we're realistic about the broader project. So that's the point I would make. We see goods prices coming down. We understand what will happen with housing services. But the big story will really be the rest of it, and there's not much progress there. And that's going to take some time. I think my view and my colleagues' view...
is that this will take some time. We'll have to hold policy at a restrictive level for a sustained period so that, you know, two good monthly reports are, you know, very welcome. Of course they're very welcome. But I think we need to be honest with ourselves that there's, you know, inflation, 12-month core inflation is 6 percent CPI. That's three times our 2 percent target. Now, it's good to see progress, but let's just understand we have a long ways to go to get back to price stability.
No, I wouldn't say that. No, I don't say that. I mean, I would say this. You know, to the extent we need to keep rates higher and keep them there for longer and inflation moves up higher and higher, I think that narrows the runway. But lower inflation readings, if they persist in time, could certainly make it more possible. So I don't think anyone knows whether we're going to have a recession or not. And if we do.
whether it's going to be a deep one or not. It's just it's not knowable. And certainly, you know, lower inflation reports, were they to continue for a period of time, would increase the likelihood of a, I would put it this way, of a return to price stability that involves significantly less of an increase in unemployment than would be expected given the historical record.
Hi, Chairman Powell. Brian Chung, NBC News. You warned Americans of pain earlier this year as the Fed hikes rates, but with the Fed now expected to raise rates higher than you thought when you first said that, just wondering where we are in that pain. How would you describe that to Americans if the projections on unemployment find themselves? That would be 1.6 million Americans out of jobs.
So the largest amount of pain, the worst pain, would come from a failure to raise rates high enough and from us allowing inflation to become entrenched in the economy so that the ultimate cost of getting it out of the economy would be very high in terms of unemployment, meaning very high unemployment for extended periods of time, the kind of thing that had to happen.
when inflation really got out of control and the Fed didn't respond aggressively enough or soon enough in a prior episode, you know, 50 years ago. So that's really the worst pain would be if we failed to act. What we're doing now is, you know, it's raising interest rates for people. And so people are paying higher rates on mortgages and that kind of thing. There will be some softening in labor market conditions. And I wish there were a completely painless way to restore price stability. There isn't.
And this is the best we can do. I do think, though, that – and markets are pretty confident, it seems to me, that we will get inflation under control, and I believe we will. We're certainly highly committed to do that.
Thank you, Mr. Chair. Grady Trimble with Fox Business. You've reiterated today and the committee has reiterated its commitment to that 2 percent inflation target. I wonder, is there ever a point where you actually reevaluate that target and maybe increase your inflation target if it is stickier than even you think it is?
That's just – so changing our inflation goal is just something we're not thinking about. It's not something we're not going to think about. We have a 2 percent inflation goal, and we'll use our tools to get inflation back to 2 percent. I think this isn't the time to be thinking about that. I mean, there may be a longer-run project at some point, but that is not where we are at all. The committee – we're not considering that. We're not going to consider that under any circumstances. We're going to –
keep our inflation target at 2%, and we're going to use our tools to get inflation back to 2%. Nicole. Thank you, Chairman Powell. Nicole Goodkind, CNN Business. As you monitor wage growth and unemployment data, I wonder if you're paying close attention to a sector or even income level. How do you factor potential exacerbations of inequality into your risk calculations, especially given the K-shaped recovery of 2020?
I would go back to the labor market that we had in 2018, 19, 20. So what that looked like was wage increases for the people at the lowest end of the income spectrum were the largest. The gaps between racial groups and gender groups were at their smallest in recorded history. And all of that because of a tight labor market.
a tight labor market which which had inflation running you know just a tick below two percent in the economy growing right at what at its potential
So that seems like something that would be really good for the economy and for the country if we could get back to that. And so that's what all of us want to do. We want to get back to a long expansion where the labor market can remain strong over an extended period of time. That's a really good thing for workers in the economy, and we'd love to get back to that. That's what our goal is.
We have to use our tools to restore price stability, but what we have to think about is the medium and longer term. If you think about it, the country went through a difficult time, I think much more difficult than we can think it would happen here, but it really set up our economy for several decades of prosperity. So price stability is something that really pays dividends for the benefit of the economy and the people in it.
over a very, very long period of time. And so when it is lost, for whatever reason, it has to be restored and as quickly as possible, which is what we're doing. We do. Yes, we absolutely do. We look at it's our regular practice to talk about unemployment rates by different groups, including racial groups and that sort of thing. We do. We keep our eye on that.
Hi, Nancy Marshall-Genzer with Marketplace. What would you do if the economy slows so much that we enter a recession before we see strong, consistent signs that inflation is slowing, in other words, stagflation?
So I don't want to get into too many hypotheticals, but, you know, it's hard to deal with hypotheticals. So let me just say that we have to use our tools to support maximum employment and price stability. I've made it clear that right now the labor market is very, very strong. You're near a 50-year low. You're at or above maximum employment, 50-year low in unemployment.
Vacancies are very high. Wages, nominal wages are very high. So the labor market is very, very strong. Where we're missing is on the inflation side. And we're missing by a lot on the inflation side. So that means we need to really focus on getting inflation under control. And that's what we'll do. I think as the economy heals, the two goals come more into play. But right now, clearly the focus has to be on getting inflation down.
Thank you, Chairman Powell. Greg Robb from MarketWatch. You spoke a little bit ago. You said that the U.S. looks like we have a structural labor shortage in the economy. Could you expand on that, talk a little bit more about that? And really, are you talking about getting Congress action on increasing, like, legal immigration, things like that? Thank you. So what I meant by that, the structural labor shortage, is if you look at where we are now, as I mentioned,
If you just look at demand for labor, you can look at vacancies plus people who are actually working, and then you can take supply of labor by are you in the labor market, are you looking for a job or have a job, and you're more than 4 million people short.
We don't see, despite very high wages and an incredibly tight labor market, we don't see participation moving up, which is contrary to what we thought. So the upshot of all that is the labor market is actually, it should, it's 3.5 million people at least smaller than it should have been based on pre-pandemic, just assume population and reasonable growth and aging of the population. Our labor force should be 3.5 million
more than it is. And there are lots of easy ways to get to bigger numbers than that if you go back a few more years. So why is that? Part of it is just accelerated retirements. People dropped out and aren't coming back at a higher rate than expected. Part of it is that we lost a half a million people who would have been working, close to a half a million who would have been working, who died from COVID. And part of it is that migration has been lower. We don't prescribe
You know, it's not our job to prescribe things, but, you know, I think if you ask businesses, you know, pretty much everybody you talk to says there aren't enough people. We need more people. So I tried to identify that in a speech I gave a month ago, but I stopped short of telling Congress what to do because, you know, they gave us a job, and we need to, you know, do that job. Thanks. Jennifer?
Thank you, Chair Powell. Jennifer Schoenberger with Yahoo Finance. You say you expect growth of just half a percent next year. Given that you've said the process of raising rates and getting inflation back under control will be painful, have you had discussions within the committee and addressed how long and or how deep of a recession you would be willing to accept?
No. I mean, what we do is we make our forecasts and we publish them quarterly. And, you know, if you look at those forecasts, those are forecasts for slow growth.
for a softening labor market, by which I mean unemployment goes up, but not a great deal. And you see inflation coming down. You see rates going up a lot. You see inflation coming down. Those are those forecasts, and that's really what they show. We're not—of course, we don't—
talk about this kind of a recession and that kind of a recession. We make those forecasts. The staff runs, and you will see this if you look at the old teal books, runs alternative simulations of all different kinds at every meeting, and we look at those, too. And those will explore different things. But that's just upside and downside scenarios. Of course, that's responsible practice that we've carried on for many decades. But no, we don't.
We haven't asked ourselves that question. We'll go to Jean for the last question.
Hi, Jean Young with Market News. I wanted to ask about the SEP again. If you are reaching peak rates around 5 percent in the first half of next year and inflation starts to decline materially, that would seem to make the real rate gradually more restrictive. Is that something that's built into the projections and into models? Is that something you would want to see? So we do know that, of course. That's something that we know and we'd see. But as I mentioned, we wouldn't –
I wouldn't see the committee cutting rates until we're confident that inflation is moving down in a sustained way. That would be my test. I don't see us as having a really clear and precise understanding of what the neutral rate is and what real rates are so that it would mechanically happen like that. Really, it'll be a test for cutting rates, I think, in the event it'll be a question of do we actually feel confident.
that inflation is coming down in a sustained way thank you very much so nice um little move out like i was saying at the beginning we attacked that sales i didn't think that was just going to be a straight plunge down now we're up in this fair value gap i'm not going to be trading any of this but you're you're up um so to speak in this getting close to this zone that we pushed down from
As far as equities goes, Euro has made a nice V-shape recovery. Hold on. I can't hear. Somebody said anything. What's up? Did somebody say something? I thought I heard somebody. I didn't hear anybody say anything. Oh, I'm tripping. I didn't have my headset on, so my ears are peeled for it. How's your day been so far, Hunter?
It's been well. Hell yeah. We fucking called the bottom on FOMC, like, super nice. That 396.33. You caught that shit? Hell yeah. Yeah, like, I was looking at it, I was like, bro, if it's gonna bounce, like, it's gonna bounce right here. I actually didn't trade it until a little later when it got over the low of yesterday again. Yeah. Nice little push.
yeah it had good moves on both sides i hit it down and up yeah that's when i've been bad one thing i've been exploring is trying to get tighter stops for indices to especially with futures you i definitely have been trying working that too yeah we're still in this damn range in the four hour and the one hour though yeah i think nq actually popped out of something no no
that was before i guess i could i swear i remember some kind of divergence that was probably before it got crazy or something still actually no popped up in there yeah bitcoin held up pretty nice to be honest it all doesn't look bad coming back down to this zone i get this weekly zone off my screen it's too much clutter those huge ones yeah yeah it's like just like massive zones i'm like i can't have that
like yeah because i'm actually gonna fucking trade this like so i'm gonna have to be able to work with this zone on a futures account yeah you know what i'm saying it's like it's a drug yeah it's just a nuisance at that point fuck what a shitty fucking i'm just i'm really disappointed yeah i expected more i'm happy with the bitcoin but not much
We only moved to about, I mean, 10 points on Spy, 9 points on Spy, so it's about 90 points on the ES, I'm sure. But then it's like, we're right back where we started. Yeah, 90 points exactly. Well, not exactly, but almost. Close to it. 93. Yeah.
Yep. Very, very disappointed. Yeah, Zona we were talking about this morning. It was nice. I mean, there wasn't really a way to execute off of it, but unless you just shorted. Just randomly. Like on the break or something right there. But then you got filled. Yeah. You probably, you're slippage. I mean, if you're right there. I mean, imagine being such a sick bastard. You short at the two minute candle. J-PALs or the interest rates just came out. You're like, right before. Short it.
Yeah, the Russell looks like not a dump. Hey, was 50 BPS expected? Yes. Yes. Yeah. Is that silent? I don't think I ever heard silent talk. Yeah. Also, if you could check DXY, we are approaching a weekly fair value gap. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I've been. I've been...
watching that fair value gap this is that's why i said i don't think we're necessarily done all the way dumping but i want us to tap into that like this take out that low and we did take out like the only problem is where it's wednesday i mean it's a high impact news week you know i would if we were going to be bearish i would have wanted us to have like a little up move first the week was going to end up closing but i think we could maybe spike into that um but we did take out this low so i think we're going to get into it but
yeah i thought it was gonna happen during the meeting it was so close right yeah exactly like that's why i'm kind of like um surprised it didn't did you hear how he said we've raised rates 425 basis points this year yeah it's crazy and then like he straight up that one statement wasn't good he said um they don't have any uh
what was it they don't have any intention of slowing up in 2023 i was like oh the bulls felt that one oh look at that honestly i just looked in the four hour we just filled the fair value gap on the four hour for most um i mean i still just i necessarily really don't see a for sure bullish or bearish um like i just don't see it yet i mean i'm not trying to say we're super bullish but i don't see a you know total bearish case yet i mean like we need to get back above these highs but
Yeah, and we're at that pivotal moment, so. It's like that range mount area right now. Like, we don't have... Yeah, I like the Dow right here. But the Dow took out all those highs, so it's like, fuck. I'm just trying to find shit. Yeah, we need to get back above that pre-FOMC high with displacement for much of anything to be worthwhile. Yeah, all indices to me look like Daily Bear Street Drive right now.
Yeah, that looks gnarly. I just want the four hour to break down and then I'll be really like super ready to be bearish because even the one hour doesn't look super It looks just like click grabs on like grabs until we start getting more displaced and holding it down But I would say that this is pregnant at work pipe and I'm moving bearish or the rest of the week if I had to go off power of three because we put that high and right here right of that Sorry one hour. I think it was a nose to doubt that had a fair bite you got but
Been to this order block. Also, we took that high on Tuesday. So we're putting that we put the high of the weekend most likely on Tuesday. So now, you know, we should start moving back down towards this weekly open in the previous weekly low. Was today the most high impact news? I'd say this is probably today and yesterday, but I mean, we still have retail sales. And then also we have can't even think straight quad witching on Friday.
We took the previous daily low. I'd say today's pray. I mean, it's only 30 minutes left We've got all the juice out of today as far as spoos and indices go. Oh damn wait, did link hit? Oh, no, no, no. This is the POI I had marked up. Shit guys Looks like it's going to seven. I'll go. I haven't looked at this in a while Actually, did I think I'm no Yeah, that shit's got hammered recently, didn't it? Check out that weekly sell side
Maybe it's different on perps. On spot chart, there's two equal those right at 17. Spot chart. Okay, okay. Yeah, this is better. Maybe it's down here.
Yeah, I just want to ask you about that even is anything relevant It could be but I would be the only thing is like sweet this like when I look at it like when I try to figure out like What the fuck was this not this wasn't just on my chart was it am I crazy? I don't know
You can tell I've been on this chart in a while, but when I look, where's the point we move the most drastically off of? I say this. That's where I really see a lot of sell-side liquidity. There's equal lows here, and then here, these lows, and then really this, and we moved into that. Now, really, it's more so the reaction we get coming out of that that matters. So we have that daily order block. So what we need to see here is the four-hour going bullish here is a start.
I mean, this doesn't actually look awful. But we need really, you know, the daily is still pretty bearish. But this kind of looks like grabby. So I would say, like, if you want to look at, oh, let's see what's in this wick. Yeah. I would say this is, like, a good draw, like this little up move right there. So we could come up and take out this liquidity, move into that fair value gap. It's still developing. I think it could easily...
Kind of consolidate kind of fair value gap take out the lows right there and then start to maybe give us some upside I'm gonna add this to watch this though. I think that was in the spot chart I'm on I need to redo that ta Yeah, what the fuck? Well, this is the cow chart and goddamn if this coin's gonna do something I wanted to be here And you could even go a little higher to I mean this be like that low hanging fruit, but I've got this fair value gap
also this daily order block right there we got jobless claims in the morning too apparently he was just talking about how strong the the mark how or uh what's it called market is we'll see job market yeah yeah we'll see kind of like all these highs up here and i'll go i'll wait for a little more downside
Well on that note guys, I'm gonna hop off here Tomorrow I actually won't be streaming. I am going with my girl out of town to help her with some stuff. She's got to go Shoot some stuff for her gig and her work at At this
This car dealer that's out of town. So it's pretty dope. She's actually like shooting like commercials and shit like that with these crazy cameras So I kind of wanted to go and be a part of that and just see what's up with it. So I'll be out tomorrow But a Friday I will be live and then the weekend we'll be teaching our private class the discord as usual If you guys want to get a free trial to the discord you can use the code Casper It's at the bottom of the screen at the link in my description and you'll have a five-day free trial and you'll get a discount
If you decide to stay. And also if you could like, comment, subscribe, all that good shit. It helps me out a lot. So I will see you guys on Friday. Peace.
