720S, got the wing out. 720S, fuckin' send the wing to the shop and then fix this shit. Usually with these vlogs, I always find myself coming up with some fuckin' plan, but I said fuck that today. And we're just gonna go through like a normal day in the life and just see what happens.
This is the OG right here. This dude made me like cats. I never was a big cat person before. This is like the best cat ever. He acts like a dog. He'll already play fetch. He's never, he'll never scratch you ever. Like him, he'll play, but he'll never bite you. The other cat we have will bite and scratch you. You got anything you want to say about your trades you're watching for today? Whoa, bro. Yeah, see, he doesn't want to tell us. He only is a coarse though.
yeah super high ticket i like this course
honestly bro i love like the city life but i i think i always want to have something like this it's like hit a trade come out here for a second just listen like the cicadas right now ohio actually has them even crazier because i've got a bunch of real estate development stuff i'm doing up there but just hearing the sound like all the bugs and the birds and shit after you make some money trading
Come inside and look what we got going on inside guys. Shit's crazy. We got the sake and eggs. Thankful to my fiance. We got all the fruit. I was doing keto for a while, but like fuck that shit. She gets mad whenever I start eating. Before it's done. But it's one of it's the fruit.
But if you win your trade, you can eat a little. That's right, babe. I won. I shorted NASDAQ today with fair value gaps. When I first met her, she asked me what I did. And I said, you know, this thing right here, it's like the algorithm, ICT. He invented it, used fair value gaps and liquidity. And like, really from there, it was GG's. Now you're engaged, so. Yeah. Ooh, the world's looking at that shit. Ooh, man.
Fucking warped. I'm pretty sure the, like, on the, I know she's probably tripping right because she's behind me, but, like, the wing, there's, like, a little small, she's calling me. I literally, I knew it. I know the little thing I knocked it out. I know. It happens whenever I go fast. All right, I'll see you soon. No, it definitely is the wrap. 100% of the wrap. See how we can fix that. Anyways, babe, I love you. I'll see you in a second. She's been a passer in the G-Wagon. Snow fucker.
Let's see if she wants to race. Bro, this is like one of those reels like POV ran into bay on the way out of the neighborhood. Oh shit, she's pulling on me. Let's get it. She's playing.
Oh, that's the gym music. It's like you open the door and it's like the Rick Ross song. Yeah. If I drop gears too hard and then this shit, where they wrapped it, I guess they warped it. It's like I'm driving a fucking beater, bro. All right, I'm going to go now. I'm going to work out with my doors up. Just fuck the haters. Bro, fuck them, bro. I'm a funded trader.
So that was actually my partner. I have my own real estate thing and then I have a partner now in another venture. We just got another deal accepted. By the time this video comes out, you probably won't even see it. I have a real estate vlog.
where we go out and like go through all the houses where we're gutting it. It's kind of crazy what you can do with these houses. Like we're going to get this one for probably like, not probably, we're going to get for 118. They just accepted the offer. And after we, we're going to demo it down to the studs, like meaning like the whole inside is going to get gutted. And then we're going to fix that house up. Just that alone, it'll be worth like three to 320. So we'll come up 200 on that. And then though, it's on a half acre lot. So we're going to subdivide it and then put another property in the other one, which will cost us like
150 to 175 to build depending on the plan we go with give or take and then that will also go for like 300 so it's gonna be a fucking come up the people that are selling it they inherited it and they don't even want to have the headache because it's fucked up like there's literally stuff like it was like a hoarder's house i mean it's it's disgusting i'll try to find some pictures and add it in but we're gonna make it look nice it'll be a cool before and after but it's been a fucking good day today had the choppy trade hit the tp i remember days whenever
i would have prayed to be able to make a hundred bucks trading or even a couple hundred bucks trading you know so it's a good day driving the mclaren my girls in the g-wagon our girls are inside working out getting calls about real estate deals it's crazy because like a couple years ago i was broke and thought i was gonna go to prison so
Man, life really is fucking crazy. It's just a blessing. I'm just grateful for this shit, man. All right, so we got the accepted offer agreement back on this property. We got the contract to purchase. It's all signed. It's going to be a crazy play. It'll be like probably a 92.
I don't know, actually, it's probably gonna be like a 120 day project, but still, I mean, we're gonna come up like pretty crazy on it. So it's nice to have some of those things in the background and everything else is kind of just keeping moving, but really that's how you play the empire. Cause once we build up that second property, we're not even gonna sell it. Like everybody I talk to is always like, oh, so you're just gonna sell it. No, fuck that. You just keep it and then you rent it out and then refinance it because you don't pay taxes on a refinance. So like, let's say if I have like three,
75 380 so it's like 375 380 but i'm gonna come up and probably get like 650 to 700 out of it now if i were to just sell that i'm gonna owe capital gains unless i roll over into something else but instead of doing that and paying like closing fees all that shit i'm just gonna go get a refi pull out 70 or 75 and then that's tax free and i still keep the properties renting them out and you keep doing this and rinse and repeat like this will be
we've got an offer on three other properties right now and then also another deal with the city of cincinnati where i'm going to basically get subsidized lots because they have a redevelopment program so right now five different properties are underway other than the three that i have in this other one and that's just in like a year of doing this so imagine like five years down the road like bro like have like 50.
you know 50 doors really i want to get into like big apartment complexes and then at that point it's kind of like you can just be at peace and know that everybody's straight forever this is what happens whenever i make my girl drive my g-wagon to the gym to take pictures look at this parking truck
No, just to be fair, last time she parked it too far on the inside and I couldn't get in and park my car. So I think this is like her way of being like, oh, here you go, motherfucker. Because I was like, don't park so far on the inside. She's like, I'm just going to park it in the yard. So I heard there was going to be elk on the menu tonight. Oh, yeah, this spot's fire. This is some Tennessee shit. You guys aren't ready. Look at that.
Those are some fucking chompers, dude. We got power. It's like spring-loaded. All right, so this is some straight Tennessee shit. We got rattlesnake and what was it? Rattlesnake and duck and then venison and wild boar with gouda or something like that. I know it's rattlesnake, rabbit, and duck. All right, something like that. It's a bunch of stuff. But anyways, it's duck, rabbit, rattlesnake.
Black buck, pork belly, wild boar, and lamb. It's a delicacy here in Tennessee. This is the one that's gonna eat the fucking rattlesnake. I'll try. You're not appetizing? I'm holding the tongs. Don't load me up, tong master. I'm gonna get my grip strength up, bro. Kinda just mix and match them all, I'm not gonna lie, but...
You know, we got the elf sliders. What do you got, bro? How much you got? A little crab cake action with the crab. With the crab. Moistures over here. Yeah, this place is crazy. It's cool because, like, everything they have is all, like, gamey. Like, wait till you see what I got for a entree. It's pretty crazy. It's a nice change from, like, you know, the typical steak where they call it Wagyu and you never know if it's actually Wagyu, you know. All right, so now we have the bison ribeye with some gnocchi.
What'd you get? Did you get the beef? You got the beef? You got the same thing. Oh, you got the same thing. Let's go. And then rabbit ravioli. And then what'd you get? Redfish. Grilled redfish. That's like the most normal thing. That's good. No, it's good. But I'm just saying, but like, you know, redfish is like a standard. You don't get like, you know, rabbit ravioli like everywhere, right? Get that candlelight on the... Did they cook or what, bro? That's pretty good. First bite.
Adventure a highway. In the summer days are longer, nights are strong.
I wanted to take both cars out today up the mountain, just go for a cool drive. But turns out the fucking McLaren that I paid $300,000 for now needs a $10 roll of tape to hold the taillight in. Because the wrap we got on the McLaren, like the contour of the wing, I guess they like warped it a little bit or something. And now every time I drop gears or start hitting it really hard or do anything that you want to do, you know, driving a McLaren up the mountain, the fucking taillight falls out. So, you know.
I guess is the life of having a supercar.
I don't know if they even have it. I was just looking on Amazon and it doesn't get it to like 1.30, but I can't get the wrong one and just like rip my wrap off. Yeah. A struggle. All right, so we went on ChadGBT. I figured this was the same thing because it's acrylic. I'm kind of scared, but you could put on the inside of the little mold there fitting where the taillight goes, where it's not on the wrap. So let's hope Jeff Bezos just gets this other actual one to my house by the time that I'm trying to get resourceful here. We're going to try this.
I asked somebody I had probing alcohol and he sent me over here to something that looks like it's like for a bomb. It's like this blue thing. It literally is like fuel. Yeah, I'm like, I'm not putting that on my fucking car. I don't know. I don't trust that. This looks like it's from like Fallout or something. Like the game. Like I feel like I'm going to use this and like shoot it in a video game and it's going to fucking explode. Yeah, I mean, maybe put it in the exhaust and like shoot planes. Maybe we should take it out and see if we can come stroking. Try to hit up CVS for the good old isoprophil. Like look at that.
This is the best wrap color in my opinion. Honestly, G-Wagons with any color, like literally any color, are going to look sick. Yeah, this one's clean. Makes it look like a tank. Yeah, I'm like General Patton pulling up. And then it's got the white interior because it's actually white. It's wrapped this color with the white. It's like an off-white, especially at night when it's got all the ambient lighting and shit. It looks dope.
All right, so we're about to pull up to the crib that I was in when I really started to come up. This was like the first spot where I got out of the one bedroom apartment. And I kind of came back a little bit from the trucking company crashing, but I was still like depressed as fuck. I was drinking all the time, smoking weed. Oh wait, they fixed the garage doors. These garage doors used to look like shit. So somebody does live here. They have to. There's a trash can now. But yeah, man, this house, it's like not a tiny house, but it's like a...
shitter on the inside and it's just crazy that was only three years ago and then i was driving a hyundai sonata at the time was fat as shit barely making any money at all any money i would make i would end up losing it in the markets and it's just crazy i like come back here now i'm riding a g-wagon about to go take out the mclaren in the mountains doing something i love got you out here literally out here videoing it so they fixed the stair too the stair in the front was fucked up
They cleaned up the yard kind of nicely too. Life can change really fast if you just lock in on one thing for six months. There's no way that you don't make it. There's no way. Yeah, I remember we first moved into that place. We had looked at it before and the house was pretty dirty. Kind of how, you know, shitty or cheaper houses are whenever you are looking at them. And they said they would clean it. And I remember when we got in, it was just disgusting, bro. Like it was disgusting. You could literally run your finger across the windowsill.
and you could have had dirt all over your hand and there's nothing we could do because this is when we first got into the apartment so to us at that time this house was like a mansion i felt like i had made it because i had gotten to the point where you know we could get out of this little apartment we were in ashville and then we came over here to knoxville just because i wanted to get away from ashley it's just a shitty place man it's just crazy like to think how far things have came like this morning we're like
in that house like you know that my house i always like to joke i don't know how to explain it like you know when you go to your friend's parents house and it's like established like anna she's just so good at like making sure like anything you need we've got it there's the interior design is nice we actually had like an interior designer kind of help with some of it it feels like home it does you know it feels very homey you know like every time people come over especially like you stick to bachelor pad
Because I used to have a house that I thought was so cool, but it doesn't feel like a house. It wasn't put together. So we've got the tape. We've got our good old non-explosive tin can alcohol. We want to see if this is going to be a successful operation or not. We can put this thing in a test. All right, so test number one.
I don't know, maybe I didn't give it long enough. Like to be fair, I only gave it like 10 minutes, but I don't know, man. Diagnosis, we have to do the autopsy and see why the fuck this didn't work. The tape worked on the car, it's not on this. So maybe I just didn't, that's fucking hot. Hold on. So I think that we got an idea here. Another tape, but I'm gonna put this, I'm gonna put it on the thing. It did not work, man. Did not work.
yeah i'm gonna try to get creative here 720s got the wing out 720s send the wing to the shop and then fix this
My bicep pump in, some fucking curls on my wing. I can't wait till the sauna gets here, man. It's gonna be sick. It's gonna make the garage look so hard. There's gonna be a plunge, a sauna, and a McLaren. Before we do test number two, I just looked up, and I knew this in the back of my head. I thought it was an hour, but it's actually 24 hours that you're supposed to give it. So maybe that explains why testing it 10 minutes after we put the first one on didn't work. I hope so, because really, like, I know that they're not gonna fix it. You already know how that's gonna go. Fucking...
After all that, the right tape, but it's the same like string. It's not like that's the reason this didn't work. But what did I say that would happen? I guess patience pays, right? Hopefully we don't have to go for a test three. That would be unfortunate. Test three might be the rat song. You know, one of my favorite things, bro, about this spot is like, bro.
Look at this shit. Like I love skylines and stuff too. I'd say that stuff motivates you a lot and you know makes you want to go hard but At the end of the day just coming out here after I've got done with all of the big tasks for the day that I said I was gonna do You're smoking a cigar. I always like to say Whenever you quiet your mind whenever you kind of like allow space in your mind for good ideas They just come to you 90% of the time like problems that you have if you just sit there and clear your mind for 30
60 minutes, a lot of the times you're going to come up with the right outcome that's best for you. Whenever I was younger, I always thought it was about planning, strategizing. What's the next thing? You always got to be working. You always got to be making moves. But in reality, the more money I make and the older I get, the more I realize that quiet time where you just sit there and be with yourself, just focus on anchoring your attention. Like here are the cicadas right now. A lot of times I'll come out here and I just focus on trying to hear every single one of them. Try to hear the wind.
Try to hear if I see any, like for example, now you notice there's an air conditioner going over there. Like you can just start to notice things and it may sound crazy, but if you can anchor yourself to your senses and then your breath and then kind of like just be in awareness, there's just something about it. Like it connects you to like a deeper level of energy that helps you think way better. And all of the biggest ideas I've had, all of the things, not like the, oh, like, you know, make this little edit and test this. No, like the big, big picture things.
Those have always came to me after those kinds of thinking time sessions. And then a lot of times after that, I like, there's a book called Thinking Time by Keith Cunningham. It's about business, but you can apply it to anything like trading life or whatever. And it'll just give you questions of, you know, what to ask yourself and sit down and write. And I'll come out here and do that. I was actually just talking to one of my homies and he was like stuck with his business. He was sitting there thinking like, what am I even doing this for? You know, having one of those kind of like.
realizations that he wasn't necessarily on the track that he wanted to be on and i gave him a list of questions and i was like just sit here with this and go through these questions and come back to it and it was like two weeks later he came back today and he sent me that voice message that i was listening to earlier and it was sick because i already know how that you know train of thought goes so anybody who's watching this like if you haven't done that go get that book and and do it i promise you it's not gonna hurt right if you spend the same amount of time that you spent watching this vlog like obviously i want you to watch the vlog but
watching content or playing on your computer like ended going introspective i guarantee you would make more progress than you're making right now because everybody's always looking like how do i add more how do i learn more how do i get more stuff from the external and it's just not always the way if you're always like looking at your phone scrolling if you're scared of boredom i feel like you'll never have the ideas that will actually change your life yeah no 100 it's like people can't look at a cloud for five minutes
without being bored but people can look at tiktok or twitter for an hour think about like when's the last time anyone's watched anybody that's watching this when's the last time you actually did that i mean i can't sit and act like i've looked at the cloud specifically for five minutes but you know i do that stuff like every day like every single day i'm trying to practice some kind of awareness actually before trading like i've noticed if i don't have that kind of time before trading it doesn't have to be like right before it
but I never trade as good. You miss little things that cause you to make mistakes, cause you to overlook opportunities. It's all these little weird things that nobody wants to talk about. Cause it's not like, it doesn't sound sexy. It's not like they can sell you a course on that. You know, it's all stuff that you already have. That's going to make you better.
This is something else that you're not gonna get. Well, you're not gonna get good banana pudding outside of the South. But this is actually super fire. My grandma used to make this when I was a little kid and put it in like a country crock like little butter thing with the fake butter. I can remember like exactly how it tasted.
to anyone who can truly say that he has found a better way so now we're back at the crib feeling like a total sloth after that meal and we're just watching ufc put a little 5k in here make it fun to watch i'm still looking at the odds i think i'm gonna do a this like the fight goes a decision with holloway and
Poirier and then probably about Poirier knockout because he's the only one that has good odds. Yeah, we'll see how this goes. These guys are beating the shit out of each other though. How long have you been watching the UFC for? Shit, I remember whenever we, whenever the first UFC Xbox game came out, like UFC Undisputed, you know what I'm talking about? I was like on the Xbox 360, I think. Not the older, it was like the 360. Me and all my boys used to play it and then like we would literally just pass the controller around and play it like all night long. I just took two of my homies to UFC and sat, uh...
cage side like last week and watched the derrick lewis fight so that was sick dude she got a tick tock that was like crazy of the fight it was like an espn level because we were literally cage side dana white was right next to us yeah he and it was like where he got knocked out was right in front of where we were sitting like so we could literally just like watch the dude bro i will say like that like bro if you got hit by that dude full on and you weren't a fighter there's a chance you might die let's reality check
We're so glad that you love gambling, but you've gambled $5,000 and you've been gambling for 30 minutes. Little do they know I'm about to get a fucking Lambo. This is like a crazy underdog. It's $400 to win like $2,500. On who? On Michael Johnson. I don't even know the fuck this guy is.
Look at that we got 2,500 on 400 bucks
Like I've won like $300 a whopping $300 Honestly, we got lucky because yeah, yeah, I mean the dollar We're gonna get some sleep and then go rip the cars through the mountains we're gonna go earlier today, but it started raining and Also, my car was not holding its taillight in so we're gonna go tomorrow I got to wake up and do a call with the group and I got the beginners course on scalping coming out on YouTube tomorrow, which I'm pretty hyped about I
pretty much worked like all this week on it. I didn't really sleep much, so I'm excited to put that out. Almost as excited as I am to go the fuck to sleep. I'm exhausted. I'm like a fucking unk, man. It's like what? It's only like 1 in the morning? Yeah. But usually I haven't been bad at like 10. Let's see you all in the morning. All right, so test number two. Let's hope that this tape holds this light on because if not, we may have a problem.
um it didn't work super frustrating i honestly thought that was gonna work i was like oh yeah it didn't work because i didn't give it time but honestly guys i don't even know i'm gonna just have to take it back to the wrap shop i'm hoping that there's just some kind of fitting or mount that isn't visible like it's inside the wing that they just didn't put on other than that i mean like i already know they're gonna try to say we'll we'll have that chat later but i guess we are not gonna rip the mclare up to the mount today because it's already got some damage on it
I don't want to, the only other solution is like, like if we probably pop it out. Yeah, it's tape's literally not doing shit. It just gets too hot. The tape's like not even sticky anymore. I mean, it is, but it's not. Like if I were to try to peel this side off, look how easy that shit comes off. It's like, it's like melted. And I guess we're just going to rip the G-Wagon, get some cool drone shots and just enjoy the views. Cause it's sick. This is like a really nice drive just in general. Like I like going on it just for the fun of it. It'll be fun to get the drone out there. It'd be more fun.
if we had, you know, a McLaren and a G-Wagon, but what can you do?
All right, so this is gonna be test number three. We put the other tape on a different part of the taillight to see if it works. I have absolutely zero faith this time. Last time I had some faith. This time I have zero faith, but I've also already accepted that. I'm just gonna have to go back and get them to fix it. We're gonna see if the new tape on it passes the test. It's funny, the kids in the neighborhood love this car. There's just one kid over there.
that he legit, like, will, like, run out and, like, wave you down. And I stopped and I asked, I was, like, asked his parents, like, is it cool if I give him a ride? And they acted like I was, like, crazy for asking. They were like, come inside. That's insane. I was like, damn, dude. Yeah, for sure. I would be so pissed if I was there. I think at this point the tape is actually more of a problem than it is helping. It's gotten progressively worse with the tape, actually.
You'll never fucking guess. I don't know how I didn't, why I didn't just look at this. We wasted so much time. Fucking clip. There's a clip right there. See that? Right? No clip. Clip.
No clip. Well, I mean, that's actually good news, guys, because a new tear light is likely a lot cheaper than a wing. I guarantee it's actually not as cheap as I'm sitting here thinking, but definitely way cheaper than this. Yeah. And I was like, how is that like a thousand? I was like, there's nothing on this car that is a thousand dollar. Yeah. The key might be a thousand. Yeah. Well, problem solved. Hopefully. Yeah. Well, the good news is next time that you come out here, I'm going to have...
the whole army tricks exhaust it's gonna be yeah i mean it's literally gonna be like louder than an airplane and then i'll have the tune on it too so it'll shoot some flames uh-huh it's gonna be dope hell yeah so stay tuned for that guys let's drop this piece of shit all right guys so that wraps it up that is going to be the end of the realistic weekend in my life anyways guys thank you for watching the video hope you guys enjoyed it let me know if you enjoy content like this and yeah see you guys later
