Damn, bro's pulling up fresh. Broke up the collie.
What's going on guys? So today we're gonna meet up with Jaden. Now Jaden was struggling for three years and he even lost 80k in a single trade. I mean he was down bad. And just in the last six months he made $270,000 from Top Step. Not only that but he topped their leaderboards. He's gonna be on Top Step TV soon. But anyways we're gonna meet up with him see exactly how he did it. That way you guys can learn the strategy he used to go from unprofitable to making $270,000 in just six months. So pretty crazy stuff.
Let's go ahead and meet up with him right now.
Hell yeah, bro. Hell yeah. Okay, so for everybody who doesn't know Jaden, I know you're kind of a legend. A lot of people already know you from the community. But yeah, I guess just tell everybody how you got into trading, man. Tell them a little bit about yourself. So I was very young when I got into trading. I was probably still in high school, around 18 years old, just kind of still trying to figure out what I want to do. I didn't know what I wanted to do after high school. And all of a sudden I started seeing content push up on social media, and I'm like, dang, this dude's got Lamborghini, like the flashy.
The flashiness is what attracted me at first. And I started following these dudes that did penny stocks. And that kind of just sparked the interest of how, like, you know, just my intro into the market. At first, like, I didn't have the capital or the money to make it work. So, like, I just was kind of just watching videos and not, no really substance to it. I was just, oh, this is like, I was gambling. So I'm just throwing money into Robinhood.
basically losing it i hit one good trade like for eight hundred dollars and i'm like oh this is it and then the next day i lose it all yeah man how old are you now 23. you're still young bro it's crazy man you came a long ways bro so you know like getting started that young puts you so far ahead of the game i know a lot of people watching also got started young and and then you really take it serious like you did
You know, it shows how fast things can change because it was almost three years until you became profitable, right? Yeah, I mean. Yeah, like you made money, but then you lost it. Boom and bust. How different did you expect it to be after seeing all those Lambos and seeing like the flashiness? Did you expect it to take three years? Oh, no. I always envisioned myself of like becoming where I am today. And like on those days where I would fail, it's just like, okay, what am I doing wrong? I didn't really start taking it serious until.
Those last like two years, three years of what it really takes to make this work. And it's just doing the nitty gritty, like doing the behind the scenes stuff. What is the behind the scenes? So like just hitting the charts, really just getting that screen time in and studying these strategies and finding what works for me. Because obviously, as everybody says, what works for me might not work for you. I was sitting there failing and failing and you get tired of failing. And that's when I.
reached out to you and I mean it just changed my life really like I asked myself what what do you do that makes you so successful like it's the little stuff like getting up early in the morning like reading books like just really personal self-growth development and like just doing that stuff has changed my trading journey tremendously. Yeah man and that's a big big thing you guys got to pick out you know you can learn everything there is to know about trading but if you expect to come into a business where most people fail because yes most traders fail okay.
It's not easy. It's not going to happen in a month or six months. It's going to take you a long time. But the biggest shift I want you guys to notice what he just said was it wasn't even so much about learning to trade itself. It's really becoming the version of you that can actually, you know, apply this stuff because you have to have a lot of discipline. You have to really be a high level individual to succeed in a business where 90% of people fail. But cool stuff, bro. Let's go ahead and get shopping. Let's get the date started.
So, bro, what was the biggest turning point for you? Well, when I joined your course, I wasn't exposed to some of the things that you were implementing in there, like the habit tracker and the trading journal. And you have people in there that are holding you accountable. That was something that I wasn't used to. When I started getting exposed to that, it helped form my mind and honestly grow me to the trader that I am today. Yeah, yeah. So you say you probably kind of already knew what the hell to do.
It's just about actually doing it. And that's where most people, that's why I implement all that stuff. Because I remember for me, when I started treating trading like a business, whenever I started to actually like do the boring stuff, that's whenever I started seeing results. Yeah, I felt like I had enough screen time. It was more of the back end, the psychology, and honestly, just working on personal growth and development to be the person that I see myself being. Yeah, man, a lot of people don't want to do that. Like, it's funny because everybody knows most traders fail.
what do most traders do most traders go and watch a bunch of videos most traders will trade all day long they have no problem you know they call it grinding but in reality like that's easy what's hard is doing the boring stuff that you don't want to do like writing down all your trades making sure that you fill out a pre-game pre-market game plan making sure you review it every single day all that stuff that's the thing that most people won't do so if you want to succeed at what most people can't succeed at you got to do the most people won't do bro when i implement all that stuff i know it's a lot different than most trading education
i figured some people wouldn't like it but at the end of the day i really don't care because it's not for everybody it's right it's for people that really want to do this not just you know getting some discord where you sit there and just push buttons all day it's really about you know leveling up and doing it the right way bro i just like to put myself in your mind and like think okay casper's the successful trader what is he doing these are the stuff that you know you're you're coaching that stuff right and one like
You start doing that and you notice those changes happening. And once you start doing it, you kind of just fall in love with it. Exactly, but it makes it fun. Because once you know you're actually trying, it's like anything. You could say, I gave it my all. And if it still doesn't work, then it's like, well, I left it all in the field. But people know subconsciously that they're not even really trying whenever they just do the same thing over and over again and expect it to work differently.
Damn, bro's pulling up fresh. Broke up the Cully. He wasn't playing any games. Trading is a scam. Hell yeah, bro. A lot of people say shit like, oh, you should never splurge out. You should never ball out. I think that shit's stupid because why would you even do any of this stuff if you're not going to live a good life? Like, you know, don't go out of your means. But I mean, dude, he just made $270K. If I made that much money off trading when I was coming from being unprofitable to...
just have my first really good six months and i mean that much bro you should treat yourself so i love this man this motivates me even get to go harder so what was the the first big payout you got how much was it my first payout was 10k and then the second week i hit for another 10k and i was almost on my way for my third one i could have had it i was on the fifth day of 200 and then the trade went red and i went full-blown tilt
No. Yeah. And then you blew it. I blew it. Damn, that's crazy. And then how did you come back from that? Because after that, you went on a run and you were getting, like, what? Like, what were the big pants? Like, 50K? Yeah, 50K. So what happened? Like, what shifted from you, you know, getting that first taste of success, blowing it?
And then, like, what did you do then? Like, you had five accounts after that, right? You just said, you said, I'm taking all this money I had. I'm going full in and not fucking around anymore. I blew a few challenges, like, just trying to get that ball rolling again. And I'm just failing, failing. I'm like, dang, like, what was I doing differently? And I really believe it's just down to my routine again. Like, I think my routine is so important. When I don't do my routine, I don't perform. And so I think I was just lacking on the discipline of myself. I failed for...
the month of august and then all of a sudden i i passed my five challenge accounts then i'm just going through the motions of of just you know what i was doing before and i felt focused it's like you kind of got to go through that sometimes like you have to go through that big like loss whatever it is like for some people it might be losing the funded account might be losing like the money they made on the payout whatever it is you know what i mean like you have to go through that because
until you've gone through that you don't know what it feels like to be down bad really like you might know what it feels like to fail challenges but it's a different feeling whenever you have success and then you lose it think about it if you would have never went through that do you think you could be comfortable enough to keep taking the same trades keep doing the same thing to get 270 000 because dude i mean i'd say you're up there with with top steps top paid out traders and that just goes to show anybody that's watching man like
you guys could be that close like that close the key thing is just can't you can't give up you can't think that it's all over for you just got to keep pushing man because that's that's crazy man and it was after i got that first payout that this is real this is the motivation like you did it you know you've done it once you've done it twice so why stop once i got that mentality of okay i see how i'm doing this i see what i need to do and i need to manage my risk a little bit better once i passed those five accounts i i hit another payout for 25k
And then it was just rolling after that. Let's go spend some money. You're talking about making some money. Let's go spend some money, bro.
All right, so now we're about to pull up to Savanchi's. It's a sick little designer thrift store type vibe down here. It's a little hidden gem in Miami. You got to make it a point where we talked to Louis, who's behind the scenes here. So we got everything set up. Better go in here and take a look at some different clothes. Let's see if there's anything I like. I don't know. I used to be way more into the name brand, like on the clothes. I usually like it where it's not on there, but maybe they'll have something for me. I mean, that's funny. I buy a lot of designership, but you wouldn't really know it because there's no logos on it.
I like it. Like that's like the plain Jane, but Jaden's about to get dripped down, dude. He's about to get the Gucci jumpsuit.
I've heard of it. He DM'd you for me when I was out here last, like, two weeks ago. We get so much, so, like, it's kind of... Yeah, and then I was DMing you today just to... Yeah, but I was going with Jeremy yesterday. Yeah, yesterday. Because he was like, yeah, I think there's this little thrift store nearby. And I was like, man, there's no way it's the same place. And I was like, yeah, we're going to go to this one called Savanchi's that I went yesterday. He's like, bro, what the fuck? That's the same place. We're just getting around. We've only been here for, like, four months. No way. People are hitting us. It's been really... It's been a good thing, though. It's been really good.
baller yeah so that's we started online first yeah we've been doing this for like four or five years online we have a lot of crazy stuff everything should have pie stakes and we also you can try it okay and that's the thing any of the any designers should bro it's like some of them are wearing 44 the shoes some of them is not some of it's large some it's extra large but i got something that was like large bro i swear to god it was like
like there's no way because like it can be the same brand too some fit like super big some fit super small so that's why we always have to go try it on too so it says it doesn't matter because a lot we get a lot of online orders and something like yo it's too small and we're like yeah you can return it but like you know so it's the best to have a store so that's what we're right so in the future we're gonna look like a little bar here like make it like a little vibe get some tvs here oh that'd be sick yeah people can just chill here it's not it's not just a store people like being here you know
That's like the key with a place like this is like the culture, the vibe of it. You know what I mean? Like you can maybe have some drinks. Yeah, that's what we're sure you're going to do. Oh, you're playing when GTA 6 comes out, bro. Yeah, that'd be crazy. You know what? It's funny. I swear this store, I don't know why. You know the stores in fucking GTA? Yeah, yeah. What is it called? It's called something. It's a name similar to Sabanchi. I thought that as soon as I came out. Oh, yeah. I was like, bro, this is GTA 6. Yeah, GTA 6 is something crazy. What if we're...
Yeah, right? Yeah, it's a closing story for you. Contact them. That would be crazy. Contact them. That people will miss it.
See, it's funny guys. Whenever I was younger, I'd wear this stuff like crazy. I'd have all the name. But I feel like now it's just hard to find stuff like this. I like some of the Dior stuff though. I could see myself rocking this. This is actually pretty hard to be honest. I'm going to try this on. I like this. I like the Dior shoes too, bro. These are hard. You need to get these, bro. These are all you, bro. We got the same fucking shoes on. I just realized that.
Damn, great minds think alike, dude. Great minds think alike. I'm always in black. Just black, white, gray. Literally, bro. I wear like a black tee, black jeans, like black slacks, black button-up or something. It's just like, I was laughing. Andrew Huberman, you ever watch? Yeah, yeah. He talks about that. He was like, but you don't think about it, but all you've ever seen that dude in is a black button-up shirt. Think about any other time you've ever seen him or anything else. He's like, yeah, that's all I wear. It's like a brand thing.
Nice and subtle see like this I like cuz it's not too you know what I mean it's not too loud
Like even this to me. I like it, but I was like, it's too much. Look, they got that same one in black. Where at? Oh, yeah. Oh, that shit's clean.
I want to get the white one. I need white shirts. I wear all black. Here, it's like the day party vibe. Everybody's just like... So, like, we have, like, those shirts in the shorts, like the sets, the Dior ones, and they sell like this. Everyone loves them. Back then in Minnesota, we didn't really sell them like that. And when we came here, it sold. I'm like, oh, that's funny. You said, wait, where are you said? I'm from Wisconsin. Wisconsin and Minnesota. Yeah, he just told me. That's fine.
Yeah, it's not what you buy out there. You got to get that shit to stay warm. It's cold as hell up there. Everyone has nice cannabis out there. Every single one. Everyone. Because that's like, I remember I had a Montclair jacket. Those things don't even keep you warm. Montclair is just all for the fashion. Yeah, yeah. If you can get a goose, bro, you could go to fucking Alaska. You know, I get buying name brands. I do it. But like, if it's a jacket, that shit, you got to be warm. Especially in those states, you need it. Like right now, it's probably smaller. Even where I'm at in Tennessee, it's not super cold like that. But it's definitely not Miami weather either.
It's just, like, depressing. It's depressing, yeah. I come down here, like, every couple weeks, so it's, like, you know. Did you do anything crazy last night? No, I mean, I don't drink anything. Yeah, we just chilled early. We went to Empire.
and it's funny because they were supposed to have a little party for new year's but nobody was there so they shut down early it was funny i was laughing because i was last time i was working on yeah like putting together some content yeah i was like it was crazy how life changes because like a couple years ago i was in miami just spending 20 grand at the club just doing dumb i used to party like crazy all the time yeah it's cool i think i think it's one thing like
to go through it whenever you're younger, but like to stay with doing it is just a... Do you have any of the men's ones here? Like a crazier piece? We have, it's all scattered over everywhere. So I told you like during the article, we saw two pairs of jeans and they're more than 30K each. Yeah, 30K for some chrome. And that's like a thing now, like I know I saw, I saw, what's his name? What is it? Yeah. 101. Bye bro.
When it gets to that point, it's like the chrome harness, it's like you're flipping a watch or something a lot of the time. It's the same thing. I mean, people will say, oh, that's stupid, but people buy it. You know what I mean? This is just a regular pair of jeans, but these patches are made from a crocodile. So these cost more than a normal cross. So this one we have an 18.5. 18.5. He said 18.5, but it was 18.50.
But they're a thing though. They've built a brand that people buy. It's crazy. It's like an art thing at this point. How do you guys find them? That's a secret. We also do a lot of business with other stores. So say you have a pair of Chromians that you can't... Not can sign. It's like say you have a pair that you've been sitting on for a while and I have a pair where you can trade or I can buy it from you. So we do a lot of business with other stores too.
Because there's going to be some stuff that we can sell better than they can, and there's going to be some stuff they can sell better than we can. Geographically, where it's at. It's like if you go to like Gucci and Palm Springs, where it's just Gucci and Miami, the Gucci and Palm Springs is like all old people's stuff. Exactly. And then you go here and it's nicer stuff. It's also like in Miami, there's a Chrome store, and some states don't have a Chrome store.
So like some basic shirts that might not sell here because you can just get it at the Chrome store. It can sell in other states because they don't have a Chrome store. We do a lot of business with stores, like a lot. Yeah, yeah. So there's stores all over Chicago, LA, New York, everywhere. Yeah, yeah. That makes sense, bro. That makes sense. That's at 11 and a half. It just depends. I think we have that at 950. See, dude, I used to own a pair and someone stole them from me. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Crazy. It's fucked up. How does that happen? What about these things? I didn't see these. I've seen these at Irving before. Oh, yeah.
Yeah, it's harder to get stuff like that. What size are these? I want to say 11. Dang! Yeah, I'm probably about to break the bank. Are you actually? We're still going to go to a couple other stores too, bro. Huh, bro? Yeah, just do your thing. Now we got all day, man. Grab some hookah, grab some cigars, grab some dinner. Should we do these first or not first? And you guys have a bag of stuff, right? Yeah, I got you, no problem.
It's a nice beach shirt. Right? Yeah, that's right. We're going to the Caribbean in like two weeks. That was sick. We're doing it all together. It separates it so it's not. Okay. Ready? Just buff 13k with stuff. I'd rather have enough than not enough. You know what I'm saying? I'll just use the 50s.
Feels good, right? Yeah, no, it does feel good. Other than this kind of stuff though, like, you know, obviously lifestyle has had to go crazy. I mean, it's been so, so short amount of time. I mean, has your lifestyle overall really changed? I mean, obviously you're here, but just like general day to day. It's, it's pretty similar. Like back home, I'm not, it's the same stuff, just grinding and like being able to come out here and have the freedom to do that. And like my bills are straight. I take care of my family. Before I wasn't able to do that. And now.
I have the freedom to do that. And I just like showing the love to the people that support me. That's the key, bro. That's the key because, shit, whenever I first had my first taste of success, I wasn't as solid-minded. I wasn't as consistent. I let it get to me. So I think it's awesome, bro, that you're doing the right thing. And, like, yeah, come out here and enjoy stuff. I think that's important to do that. But, you know, like, you hit it on the head. The most important thing is, like, you should take care of your family, having freedom. Like, that's the biggest thing that you got to be grateful for is, like...
Like I was sitting in the room last time, the fireworks were going off, just thinking of all this stuff's cool, but just knowing that everything is solid, knowing you have a skill that now, no matter what, somebody could take all this away from you, they could take all your money, and you're still set for life. Right, and I could do it from anywhere in the world. Exactly, bro. Hell yeah. Let's go to the design district. We're not done spending money yet, dude.
They would sell tables. Remember they would sell tables and you could buy a table and it was like either from like 6 p.m. to midnight, midnight to 6 a.m. or something like that. But they broke into three pieces where like, you know, you were entering your table at like 3 in the morning or 4 in the morning. And I remember it was like 8.30 and I was like, bro, what the fuck is this? And it's packed in there the whole time. Packed.
You got the camera going, remember? Yeah, yeah, we got the body. What do you guys call him? A little day in the life? Say what? A little day in the life? Yeah, a little day in the life. I flew him out. He's fucking killed it. He made like 270K in the last... From trading? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, and it's cool because we came up in the same group like years ago. We both bought into like an education group like years ago. And then we kind of like went our separate ways and I started my own thing. This shit kind of just happened. And then, yeah, man, life's crazy, bro.
But you've been killing it, bro. I'm trying, I'm trying. Killing it, bro. Yeah, you're coming up quick. We were even at the store, and we were like, oh, I've seen that kid on social media. It's a Miami thing. We've got to get it down to Miami. We've got to get it closer. Yeah, so have you done an all-in Miami this far? Yeah, yeah. I mean, it should. It's not a bad place to do it, bro. So you just come and hunt around here, and you do this. I bet it's like a network thing. You meet one person. I met you through, what, Colin or something? Yeah, bro. Cool, bro. Where do you want to do the interview at?
You've got to just do it because you're never going to learn by preparing. You don't learn by planning. You learn by doing stuff. So just get out there, do it, except it's going to take a while, except you're going to suck, embrace it, and just keep going. We're going to check you out on social media. CasperSMC on YouTube or Casper underscore SMC on Instagram. Thanks so much. Hey, appreciate it, bro. Keep killing it, man. Keep killing it. Thank you.
So we're now in Dior. Let's see if they have this suit and a different, this blazer in a different size. We struck out all the other places because they were like, you know, I got that one shirt, but I don't like the stuff with a bunch of crazy logos for the most part. So I want to get at least some of my style, but let's see if this blazer fits though. It's pretty hard. That's not me. I love the shirt. Yeah. But I'm like, I'm pretty like laid back with the stuff. Like this isn't much for me. Yeah. I mean, it just looks bunched up around here too. I feel like I can get it. I can get the arms. I'm still too small like that.
Coming up. One thing. So it would be a bigger size than normal. To fit like normal.
all right so i finally found something i liked i got the dior blazer nice and subtle it's not like a bunch of loud logos every time i get something like that i either don't wear it or even like i put it on the the dressing room and was like man this ain't me i like the stuff where it's like you can't really tell what it is but it's high quality so now we're about to go grab some dinner over at queen in miami beach i think they got like all the dancers and stuff and all that so it'd be cool um then after that we're gonna go meet up with jade cap grab a cigar and the night on that yeah let's get it
You know, do some spot. Do you leverage trade it? Is that what happened? Yeah. I'll work on, you know, can I hold a trade overnight or something?
Yeah, and I'm trying to even get more with it. Like, literally, I'm going to start whenever we come down here. I'm going to head up Danny and be like, yo, bro, let's roll together for like two or three days. Because it's like, I think the tea is like getting so much. All right, so now we've finished dinner. About to head over to Empire, smoke a cigar, and end the night. Let's go ahead and hop over.
What's your favorite cigar? This is the best cigar place in all of Miami. Empire Social. I love this place. I don't even live here and I feel at home here.
I remember Padron was last year. Yeah. I smoked a switch out there. I bought, like I had like two boxes and then I got a box. Honestly, I switched between the... The Olivias are good. Davidovs are good. Honestly, if you like a stronger one, the Daito 35s are really good. Yeah, they're good. But they're definitely stronger for sure.
I like Tabernacle too. Tabernacle is really good.
All right, guys. So if you enjoyed the vlog and enjoyed learning Jaden's story and you want to learn how to trade just like he did, go ahead and click the link that's on your screen. It's going to take you to another YouTube video that is going to teach you the full strategy, the execution, how to track your data, risk management, psychology, really everything that it takes to trade at the level where Jaden's at. So go ahead and click.
video on the screen and watch that all for free here on YouTube right now. Thank you guys for watching and subscribe and I'll see you in the next video.
