Today's video, I'm going to recap this downward price action we've seen on ES along with the upward price action I think we're going to see on DXY. We talked about this a little bit in yesterday's video. If you're watching this, not live, go ahead and fast forward a couple minutes because I'm going to give everybody a time to get into the stream. All right. Sorry about that, guys. I'm not sure if the YouTube's even... Okay. If you're still on the YouTube screen, my internet went out for a second, so it should be all good now. Somebody let me know on the Discord if my shit's lagging.
And then in the chat for the stream, I don't know why I just did that good. Okay, cool. Yeah, so
A little update on yesterday's analysis. We came back down to this fair value gap. That's what we were talking about yesterday, why I was thinking that the XY was going to move up. And if we look now, it's clearly looking like it wants to do so. So as you guys have been trading index futures, know we had a pretty steep fall off this morning, similar to yesterday morning. And that was across the board in all three indexes or indices.
Analysis to a tee so far. I haven't really been watching too much Forex pairs. I've been getting back in the swing of being off from vacation.
Nothing really I see here yet. Before I start trying to play these reversals, I want to see at least a four-hour start to break down. The only one that I like so far is Aussie dollar, and I like this zone for it. We talked about this a little bit yesterday. Now, if we can get back up into this zone and get bearish structure on the lower timeframes without taking this low, I will look to short that. I say that and then don't have an alert set. I'm so bad about that. I kind of give up on trading the alerts because...
I swear, they do not notify me sometimes. And I send it to email, which has helped. But I think it's that if I have it on my PC, which I leave my PC running a lot of the time, I think that it just doesn't notify me. I don't know. So specifically, what I'm looking for is once we get in this zone, I want to see a tap of the zone and a sweep on a 15-minute. And then we can use the lower timeframes up here to get short.
But I'm just going to be patient and wait for that. I think that a lot of stuff is at super key levels right now. And I don't want to be the one to try to catch the top or the bottom. I want to wait for a pretty valid confirmation. Dollar Swiss is looking good too, to be honest, really. I like this candle right here. I think this is the opening. Yeah, it was. It would be nice if we can get one little sweep into this zone.
We kind of did already, really. Dollar Swiss is always wild on the lower timeframes. Ideally, I'd like these lows to get taken out. Yeah, I really think Bitcoin is going to come back down to this POI. I like that zone, though. I think we'll get a bounce from there. But I'm just still holding these longs for now. What is this? What's up, Vikram? Said you're a binge-watching Punisher, but a free education stream is too good to turn down. Yeah, I'm glad you came through for sure.
I like BNB if we can come down a little bit, really crypto. I'm also waiting on for right now. I actually been backtesting a lot of crypto. I like just using massive zones in the higher timeframes and then just kind of waiting for that and watching my lower timeframes because I don't really watch this as much.
as far as alts go. So with BNB, this is one that I was looking at my phone this morning, hadn't charted it up yet, but I'd like price to come back down into this area. And if we can start to see upside from there.
That's where we took these lows. All those lows got swept and then we got a massive reaction off of it. So that tells me that smart money was buying up those stops. Now, again, I'm not going to try to shoot for the stars with this. That'd be a pretty big retrace. We'd probably be looking for a new high if we could get lower timeframe price action, giving us signs that smart money is mitigating orders in these zones. But until then, I'm going to chill. Really, I'm just going to go through and probably set a lot of alerts here.
As far as crypto goes, if you guys have any coins you want me to do some TA on. Actually, another thing, too. I'll recap a trade I took this morning. Forgot about that.
So we have these massive moves down into these ranges. And I talked about this in the Discord this morning as far as we were looking. I was looking for a sweep of these lows and then was going to wait for longs if we got a reversal up into these highs. Now, obviously, we didn't get any sort of thing. But once we came down into these lows, I want to just show an example of a scalp technique that I like to use. So after we come down and take a low.
We almost always will make a lower look. For instance, if you're trying to long right here. So let's say I'll give you a one minute perspective. And let's just say that this is your long area. Once we trigger this, you look to long. So what you want to see to long is roughly this. So notice how we came down into the level.
And then you made another lower low. So you came down, moved up, made a lower low. So you're always looking for that lower low. You're never going to really see. I mean, sometimes you do with news. You're never really going to see just on the one minute a straight bottom and it just just goes to the massive. You know, it might bounce and make a big move, but it's usually going to make a lower low. So.
I always look for opportunities if I see a sharp push into a liquidity pool because we always want to see those high resistance runs on liquidity. And this wasn't that. But, for instance, if we were looking to long this, just to give you an actual view, you would be looking for a push down into it and then a V-shaped reaction out of it.
Right. So once we had came up into came down into this liquidity pool, this is another technique I've been trying out. I took the fixed range volume profile. So I'm not a big volume profile guy. I don't know why it's not showing anything, I guess, because it's just not work on old levels. I don't know if it's my stream lagging or.
Let's see if it works without the replay tool. Yeah, that's okay. There we go. That's what it was. So when we have an imbalance or a fair value gap, the ideology behind the reasoning that price is going to travel back up there is because there was no trading going on there. So this can give you a visual of where the trading was going on and where it wasn't in any certain price range. So if we use this price range right here, we can see the lowest amount of volume matches up with this massive imbalance.
So if we're looking to take out the low right here, we think this imbalance is a high value area.
We can take a sell. It's going to be just a scalp. It's not the highest risk to reward. And some people have gotten messages like, hey, bro, you should do a higher risk reward. I do trades with higher risk reward too, but I observe things whenever I don't trade. And that's how you adapt your strategy and that's how you find new strategies. And then you test them and then you start executing them. So this is an example of a trade some people wouldn't want to take because...
They say, I only take $10 trades or I only take $5 trades. But I think that if you've tested something and you have a good set of data that shows that it does work, you start messing with it. And this is the first live trade I took with this strategy. Oops, wrong tool. So I just shorted the fair value gap. I used a stop as the fair value gap number one candle. So a lot of people will do this.
They use that high. That would have been okay, but I just use this. It's just under 2R. It's not terrible risk to reward. You guys know I like 2R trades, but super valuable strategy if you're very confident that we're going to make another leg down. Again, just to review why I thought we're going to make another leg down, after we tap into a liquidity pool, which we had there, which was from that 15-minute area of liquidity, just very clear.
We know that there's going to be a stop loss there. It's the bottom of anybody who's trying to be a bottom sniper. They bought all through here and their stop losses are going to be probably in different places, but we know that most of them, there's no other local area to put stops. So we know that there's going to be liquidity there. So after price trades into that, we're going to see somewhat of a bounce. Now, we always look for a second lower low.
So we had a bounce. And then if we had this really displaced move into it, there's going to be fair value gaps. And sometimes there's more than one. So some of you guys may have watched ICT's breakaway fair value gap stuff. This kind of can be used with that. I know he talks about it and he talks about the volume profile in that. I mean, he always hates on stuff like that, but he does say something about it as far as using it in this terms or in this way, I guess.
Word's not working right now. So after we came to that liquidity pool, we're looking for a lower low. So we're gonna look to short somewhere in this zone at a premium.
We have that massive imbalance. We can get an extra confluence by saying, okay, well, we know there was no trading going on there because there's very low volume. So that was just a quick in and out trade that I took this morning. Super satisfying whenever you don't have to be in a trade. I think it was like five or 10 minutes, right? Let's see.
And this is another one too, whenever you, you just set and forget, you know, once I set the limit, I have a stop loss set. I have my TP set. I went to the discord chat and kind of just hung out and, um, didn't really watch the charts. So, um, answer some of these questions, uh, sub Casper, how many days sessions trades do you recommend? We need to back test for the data to be reliable. I recommend a minimum of 30 trades. Um, also if you want to do like times, like, uh, I think it's good to do like,
If you really want to get into it and spend some time, two quarters on indices is nice, just because then you get to witness a quarterly shift in that data set. But 30 trades statistically will have a similar outcome to 1,000, but at least 30 at the minimum.
Milo said FTM already in a short. I'll take a look in a second. What indicator is that? It's not an indicator, actually. It's a tool. So you have right here where your long position is. You can go down to the bottom. It's fixed range volume profile. They do have indicators like this. I think that TP, let's see. If he gets hit, probably will be out of this limit.
Yeah, it's actually just a tool. They do make indicators, but I don't recommend using them because they're not fixed range. It'll just show everything on your screen, which is pretty useless in my opinion for this. It doesn't make any sense to me to use that because I want to know a dealing range. If you're using it for other strategies, it's different. And if you're very careful of what you keep on the screen, like for instance, so the volume profile indicator. I think it's like VPVR or some shit actually.
All right, or what is it? Somebody tell me. There is, oh, this one right here. Yeah, so this, it changes. There's one of them that, yeah, it changes with what's on your screen. It's very useless, in my opinion, for this. I don't know how it can be, unless you're very mindful of what you keep on your screen, but I've seen a lot of people use that super incorrectly.
Yeah, so that was the trade I took on ES this morning. I do like this fair value gap up here. Reason being is it's not the initial kind of like breakaway gap from the open. So we look for that second push down. Also, if I trick a trade here, I try to trade with institutional involvement. So if I'm trading close to those levels, that also has extra confluence. But it looks like it's going to hit my TP before our...
Trade hits, which is okay. The target is... What is this? Why is this here? Oh, it's that volume profile. Target is going to be this one hour low over here. That's, I think, our pretty clear draw and really all these lows. So just like we talked about yesterday, the market is following kind of a bearish narrative right now. I mean, after we came up to the...
Weekly premium, weekly order block, daily fill this last volume or this last imbalance tap in this order block. Now we're about to see most likely a displacement regular structure. And we're going to have to wait how we close in the day to say that. But yeah, so I think it's probably going to be retrace time for a little bit. Now we'll see. We kind of play it day by day. I don't want to say we're going to go all the way down to these lows, but I do think we're going to, you know, this low and this order block are good targets.
So FTM for Milos. So I like this range overall. I got tapped into, but now we've kind of swept liquidity into it, you know, not once right here, but twice. And also this is kind of a three drive local to the range. So it looks pretty good for sales. Minimum down here, I would think. And that two, three, two, one. We hop on a lower timeframe and we saw we took out that high during Tokyo last night.
Was that last night? Yeah, last night. And then now we've gotten that displacement break of structure here. Not the cleanest price action if you trade imbalances, but price took out this little bit of liquidity, pushed back to the downside. So we're seeing bearish order flow, and we're taking liquidity and then immediately moving down, coming up, taking liquidity, immediately moving down, and so forth. So I think the bears are in control for sure here. I think the sales look good.
SVP, is that a stock? Or SFP, or maybe you were saying, I don't think it's a coin. I don't know. I'll let you tell me in the, I checked gold on the daily timeframe. Yeah, sure. So gold I've got coming down to this down here, like 1,700 bucks. That's what I would look for. It's like the next overall target. Now we might get a little bit of bounce right here, but at the same time, I wouldn't necessarily count on it.
I could ride off this breaker right here. Kind of just stair-steppy price actually not really what I like to trade
Yeah, overall on gold, I'm just hanging out right now. Not forced or anything. The only thing, I might trade like a quick little scalp long off this if we get the 15-minute showing some desire to move out of it, but I won't try to take it very high. We've been talking about this for like two weeks now that I wanted this level to be hit when we came down this sweep. I got a little FOMO here, but I didn't act on it. I still think that we're going to come back down to a discount.
um and also in a weekly time frame i think gold looks really good because we came and we took out all these lows and then you got a nice push out of there um so we've taken this little bit of liquidity now we're reacting to it you know and after it it's all the same price takes buy side liquidity so then it's going to go back and move to discount price delivery race oh session volume profile okay that actually might be better than um uh
than the regular one that I was talking about. Where would I short from? Like I said, I'd just be chilling. I wouldn't try to force anything. But if I was watching for shorts, I think you got a nice reaction off this breaker. But at the same time, the 15 minutes is what I would use to trade. I mean, it's just kind of choppy up in here. So, I mean, you did take out this low and trade it into this order block right here.
They've taken down and taken a load. But to me, this looks a little lick grabby. Again, it's just something I would chill on if it were me. But if you really wanted to short it, I would wait till it comes up into this order box. So this is probably going to be on the daily too. Maybe not actually. I would wait till it comes up into this zone right here and rates that high. And then if price comes up.
takes the high right there and takes out that liquidity, those early shorts, and then you start to get sell patterns, shifts to lower lows and lower highs with displacement, you could look to take sells there. But I would hang out and just chill. I'll actually set an alert for that just to watch and maybe take a trade.
And I'd probably take them down into this. And again, you're kind of like bunched up here. And this is where a lot of people get burnt out. I'm just, I think the best opportunities on gold are going to be down here. And I don't necessarily think it's going to be a straight shot down. I think it's going to be choppy. But we'll see. Did a good old ES hit my take profit yet? Maybe not. Maybe so. Hopefully not. Nope. Not all the way, but it might. Viacrom aspect pound dollar.
So on four hour looks bullish, or four hour looks bearish, but weekly looks bullish. I mean, I wouldn't say you're bearish yet on a four hour. That's just, that's really the reason I haven't wanted to short this or Euro, is you haven't taken out that low. Once you start to take that low, that will tell me that, you know, you're going to move downside. So if I'm looking at a weekly here, I need to do this for this shit. Too much lines.
So take out that weekly buy side right there. I mean, I get it that the weekly range is much wider, but there is going to be buy side liquidity by these relatively equal highs. Daily will probably go clearer. So we take that out right there, and then we get that high resistance run. We take it out, make a higher high. We clear on a four hour. So the reason that I want...
this to be taken is because that was the low we made. You know, we came up, made a low. Now I made a higher high. So this is what I'm looking for to kind of get that confirmation that price does indeed want to move down. Now, if we get that, you know, we start to look for bearish order flow and try to target sell side liquidity. So, you know, you can start to look for this low, you know, stuff down here. And if you want to go on the daily chart, we've got a new range.
And for my opinion, this is what it would be. So we've got quite a bit of stuff here. I'm going to do some of these.
Kind of clean up my pound dollar chart. So if you look, we've got an order block right here sitting right at equilibrium. And if we look, this is kind of like where the order flow is going. So, you know, we came down and we took out all that, you know, the massive crash of the pound. We started to take structure. You know, we started to make a high and we finally made a higher high. So what happened? Price kind of traveled down into this zone, pushed off of it, kind of came back down into that order block after we engulfed that candle, pushed off of it. But then what do we leave?
I have a daily order block right there and an imbalance. So the imbalance, I probably would want the order block just because it's closer and they're both in a premium. But I would be watching this level right there.
for that to get taken and you recapitalize this order block here. If you're looking to long, as far as like, I'm not saying there's not going to be a long until then. What I am saying is that that's where you're going to get the higher value overall bullish bias once you come back down into this closer to a discount. And then you'll look for the structure to start going bullish. So I'm going to mark my levels up a little differently. So I've got a bullish daily order block and I'm just going to set an alarm for that.
and also i'll just keep an eye on this as far as um price breaking down below this because if we can break both of this and start to form all this bearish price action up here and start to burn up all of these buyers i might look to swing some cells down into these lows or these lows and just get some passive trades going on because i miss swing trading and with forex you know as long as you can get a good entry earlier in the week
I don't mind to swing it because it's just mainly I don't want to get fucked on a weekly opening gap. That's the reason I don't swing over the weekends. And swap fees, they're not great, but they're not the worst on my Forex funds. I'll actually set an alert for that. I need to get better about setting alerts. Sometimes I just don't set them.
And then I forget about stuff because I like focusing on a few pairs, but I will say I have been delving back out and watching more on the higher timeframes and just kind of like setting my alerts and being mindful and staying dialed in. And then really just focusing on my bread and butter for day trades, because I think it is important that you focus on a small amount of pairs. But I also think that not for beginners, but once you've been trading for a while.
i think sometimes you can cut yourself out of uh opportunities if you you know refuse to look at anything except one pair vicram sorry oh wait you're saying that's okay how do i how should i how should i pronounce it because i don't want to pronounce it wrong it's hard because where's i'm a stupid american i can't pronounce i'm just joking i feel like i mispronounced some people's names and i don't mean to i don't want to do that i just now saw um
Braden, you asked if I was holding them on my MFF. I'm assuming you're talking about the Bitcoin stuff. Yeah, I've been holding them bitches for a minute. Swap fees are pretty ass on crypto. Right now, I'm mainly focusing on dollar. Oh, wow, look at that. Oh, wait, no, we looked at this. Nevermind. I thought that was a different timeframe. Yeah, right now, I'm mainly focusing on dollar pairs because the dollar's at a really key level. It'd be nice if we could take this high. But yeah, the dollar's at a super key level.
That's when I start to shift my focus towards other pairs. This actually looks good. So this is what I want the cable to do and the euro.
I'd like to see displacement too. Like I want to set an alert for a potential MSS, like market structure shift, but I'm not going to, you know, I'll reassess. I'm sorry, wait, this is the wrong thing. I don't know why I haven't said that. That's what I meant on cable. I'll reassess and see if there was displacement. Because if there's not displacement, it really doesn't mean anything. That's one thing about alerts. Like let's say if like price.
on cable comes down and takes this low but it like just you know barely moves and it pips it and then starts to move up like i'm not going to be interested to to look for swings because that means to me it's going to go higher you know if we if we cannot displace under liquidity pools then that means that we're going to continue so it's like if you if you have a
a trend and we're going up and price kind of breaks down, but you don't even get a candle closure. It just moves fast up. And that's almost always going to mean you're going to take out the high. So until you can displace and really hold that, you're not going to see a trend reversal. It takes a lot of money to cause a trend reversal. And displacement is how we identify when a lot of money is being injected into the market.
So, is it Vikram? Vikram, would that be, I think that'd probably, that's probably right. Dollar Cad is just fucking on moon city mode. I love Dollar Cad. I tried super clean. Better, bro. Okay, cool. I'm getting better. I don't want to ever, um, Vikram, Vikram, like you said, I'm trying to say how you typed it. Yeah, I did like a gold player. We can take a peek again though. So basically it's saying really not much has changed for me. I'm still looking for this down here.
I mean, this, yeah, for sure. So like on the weekly, it's like if we're looking for a power of three, the way I trade them on any timeframe is like, we have our accumulation, we got our sharp move out of our manipulation phase. And doing that, we created a dealing range. So if I'm looking to use a dealing range to build a narrative, I want to build, if I'm looking for buys, I want to build it from a discount. So I just go to the daily, look at the first fair value gap at a discount. I will consider this as well.
this order block. You know, if we started to get nice displays under there, I will trade that too. I just have this marked because if we look, I mean, this is kind of like where we did that rally base rally. Um, so on a lower timeframe, it's going to be a demand range or some kind of little accumulation where we really made a massive move out of it. So that does have value to me. Um, either one of those really that daily order block or the daily fair value gap.
Yeah, I fuck with it. And it's like we took this liquidity, moved right off of it. So price is doing what it's supposed to be. This is where it gets to that point where it's like a little choppy. But I will, if we push back up into this zone, this little buy to sales range, this four-hour order block, I'd look for a 15-minute shift. Because I could see that, you know, we kind of like...
Get like a little seek and destroy going we take this law or lows move up and Start the actual trend down because that's what gold likes to do is cause maximum pain in these ranges. It'll liquidate everybody before actually giving an opportunity
Yeah, I like this zone right here. I like this. It's like 1763-ish. I could probably refine more, but that's all I'd be looking to take those shorts to is this. It wouldn't be anything crazy, but I think that we could get buys here. I don't know if we'll take the highs, though. I think we'll get buys, but we might actually go into that before we come back up where I want us to. That would be the gold thing to do.
Yeah, I like that. I like that narrative actually. So we came down there, take it, because that would give me extended targeting too. Because it's like, one thing I try to explain to people too, whenever I talk about like profit taking or like where I think we're just, just really just bias in general is like, say like right now, if price goes up here and then reverse as well, I'm just taking it into the next, this next demand right here in this next order block. Right. But if we, on the flip side, take down, price down, mitigate the order block, you know, and kind of consolidate and get a nice long.
Well, then I've cleared the way for those shorts. I don't have to like just take profits of this water block. Then I'm starting to go down and target lows because we've taken out kind of like we're paving the road, so to speak. Hell yeah, for sure. For sure, bro. Taking profits too early is like the death of a lot of traders, especially like...
It's like if you have a TP and you don't hold to it. Really what it comes down to, bro, is most people don't test their systems. Because if you test your system, and sometimes I find myself trading more discretionary than I'd like to. So that's why I'm actually going to make a video today after I get upstream about this backtesting software that I've been using. It's super solid.
what it'll help is like not you won't you won't want to take profits totally because if you can you know get like an if then strategy like okay well if you know price structure is bullish on a four hour and then price moves into a poi then i watch for um you know whatever time frame you use and you know you can you know write down like a one two three four step process to where it's like it's very mechanical and it's if this happens then you do this
And if it doesn't happen, then you don't trade. And, you know, once you have that and you say, oh, I've got, you know, 50 trades. And I know that this almost always yields a reaction to the next liquidity pool or it almost always yields a 2R reaction or whatever, you know, data you've came up with. Then you kind of enter those trades with a different energy and a different level of confidence because, you know, the human mind is pretty smart. You can be confident in yourself, but like.
you're going to be more confident in data than your analysis. You know what I mean? Like if you have something that says like, hey, I have proof this shit works, right? And that's when you go through like slumps, you kind of have to come back and like realize like, hey, I know how to trade. I'm just going through like a psychological slump, which is causing inherent errors. But backtesting and having data to lean on, it can really help with that. I don't, yeah, yes.
No, I agree 100%, 100,000%. Adeliki asked for my settings for Forex market sessions, but to be honest, this has changed. So I really wish I could help you. I don't know why. Why is it? Did they update it? Because this is not...
what I usually, this isn't what mine looks like, but I can show you how I do. We'll do it together. So whatever color you want to make it, like London, I'm going to, I can't remember what I had it as. I think I had it as a red because manipulation. So I do this. Now New York, I'm going to make green because that's when I trade. And Tokyo, I'm just going to make yellow because that's like consolidation. So what I'll do is, it's kind of similar to what it was. Now the part that I edit, make the thickness zero on the box.
So then now you've got these clean box. I don't know why they have those dash and you can also go in here and like edit Or no, no, hold on. This is different Because it's in a different language. You have to play with it a little bit. I don't have Fibonacci on Oh, yeah, right here. You can make them a little thicker or thinner or however you want to whatever you want to do But that's that's what I would do and make Tokyo something different than yellow though because I can't see anything So it looks purple
That's cool. So that's the way I do it. That way it looks a little cleaner without the dash lines that are just ugly as shit, in my opinion. Maybe if you like dash lines, I'm sorry.
Hunter, yeah, it said negative 2R on gold forward testing. That's all right. I mean, that's what testing's for. You know, you got to be negative to learn. You're not going to, if you just picked it up and hit four trades in a row, most odds are you're probably going to start losing when you trade live. So it's better to get that out of the way while you're testing.
If I just go back and like look at gold here, like literally the last trade that I would have wanted to take would have been like down here, like last Monday or right here, one of the two. And we can go, let's go hop in on a other chart. There's not much on it and we can go take a look so you can see what I would have. I was just looking at this four hour and let me tell you the reason before I do this of that. So, you know, overall order flow is bullish.
And we had a pretty clear liquidity target at this point because there wasn't much in here. So at this point, you got equal highs. That would have been what I would be looking for. I wouldn't even look for the high just because I love low-hanging fruit. So you'd had a clear draw on liquidity, right? Price is reaching up. We got a massive shift on the weekly. When we shift here, we come down to that imbalance.
the price shows the design, it's starting to show bullish structure, and that can help us say, okay, we're drawing towards upside. So if I look here, okay, well, we already tapped into this, right? So, you know, you could, a low hanging draw could have even been this high right here. Cause like, okay, if price comes up, taps into this order block, again, it's just like the same principle I was talking about earlier with ES and why I sorted it this morning is, you know, once we get a tap of a POI,
So very rarely do we just get a V-shaped reaction. It might last for a little bit, but we almost always come down and take that out. So that's why I think it's really important to incorporate maybe some kind of rule about requiring a liquidity rate. And I get a lot of questions about this too. People say, oh, you're not trading liquidity rates. And it's like, I'm not trading them directly, but I am incorporating that into my plan. So for instance, if I'm trading just an order block,
and I have this order block. Would I like there to be a liquidity rate, like where we take out equal lows and then move out of it? That would be great, but I don't require this to happen. What I require is this right here.
That is what I mean when I say no raid, no trade. Because if we come down to your area, you spark your interest. I want to see that first bit of price action get taken because everybody who looks to just buy the bottom right here, they just use low timeframes. Like for instance, if you're in a daily chart and you have this order block and you try to trade a one minute timeframe, those traders always get stopped that early. They're just early. That's just how you end up early. So it's better to wait for that liquidation and then start to frame your idea.
It's like that same principle. If we tap up into this order block right here, we're looking for that higher to get taken. That's a low resistance right on liquidity.
And it's not the major external range liquidity, but on, you know, we take out liquidity here. We moved into this order block. We took out that high and that high right here. So there's going to be liquidity, especially if you're going like a four hour, it's going to be a little clearer. So you're taking all these equal highs, but price comes up. And what does it do? After it taps at liquidity, it doesn't move past it again. So this can be targeted. So once price comes down into this area, which is that daily fair value gap, you could use a four hour or a one hour, whichever one you like.
um for gold i like the four hours as far as like you know general you know overall high time frame bias so you have a couple draws so like now you start weighing on your confluence you're like okay well i want to i want to take longs at least up to this you know maybe if you're a little more ballsy you took them up to here low hanging fruit we'll just go with that so we've got equal highs here oops sorry so as soon as price comes down because now you're bearish i wouldn't even be trying to short this you come back down into this poi
which is the fair value gap. This is your area where you want to trade from, right? And what happens? Look, we come down into it and guess what happens? There's that sweep. So what happens after that big push? We swept the low and now we've got a market structure shift. So in this zone,
Look through all this and say, okay, well, where am I looking to trade from? You could have watched in here. There was probably a trade that, you know, once we came down here, there was probably a trade to this high. But if you try to swing that, you probably got stopped out. There's, if I go back, let me do this. So just so I can show you guys what I mean when I say there was a trade there. So let's say, you know, price came up. It came to a, and I have a video on ranges that will explain this very well.
We look here, okay, we had a fair value gap, but we also had a order block. So price tapped in the fair value gap once there, swept it. So now the fair value gap can be traded.
It's weird. Trading view is so bad about proportions when you change timeframes in your backtesting. So then you get your shift there. If you traded that, you got in kind of early down in here, or here you about got stopped out. This is kind of how gold price action is sometimes. So after price came back down and took out these equal lows, could have been watching the lower timeframes here to look to get long. And if you're looking for the lower timeframes, this is what I mean when I say you just have to know.
what way the river's going in order to make money. You don't have to like catch the bottom and long all the way up here. The whole purpose of drawing liquidity is just to establish a directional bias. And then you look and the multitude of ways there is to get long or get short depending on that bias. So for instance, if your bias here is to get long, if you're using lower timeframes, like let's say you, let me see if I have one minute data this far. Okay. So let's say, you know, we came, this is where we came back down into that discount right here. So let's say, okay.
It depends on how you trade. You could have said, here's your shift. If you don't use candle closes, trade off this fair value gap right here. Now with gold, gold offers a lot of high risk reward opportunities. Oops, wrong tool.
I need to change those. There we go. I always do that. So you're going to trade it right there. Stops under the low. Now, just to the next little bit of liquidity here is 2R. We can use all of that high time frame bias and all that to get this. Now, I would have recommended maybe taking a little farther, take it up to this right here. That's a beautiful trade. That's like, okay, I'm done for the week type shit.
Right now obviously you would have taken partials throughout that and that's just if you're using the lower time frame So let's go back out of that higher time frame the 15 minute
That's 7R just targeting the 15-minute liquidity, right? Because if you're using the 15-minute to confirm that four-hour zone, you got a 15-minute market structure shift just like we used that one minute. You're starting to layer multiple timeframes on top of each other. You could target this high if you really wanted to because remember, we're confirming a four-hour displacement. At this point, it would have been down here. These are all different ways. That would have been a really high R trade. Could have taken most of...
Oh, yeah, flow on gold goes crazy. So you could have taken multiple different, you know, levels of profit taking, you know, and then let's say, okay, now if you try to target all the way up here on this trade, now this is where a lot of people screw themselves if they don't take profits too early, because like, I think everybody likes like the idea of that, but like,
I think, in my opinion, it's better to be like, this is where I would have been at. Either here or here.
Because if you're on a live account, 8R, let's just paint a picture. Okay, so if I'm on my $300,000 live account and I'm risking half percent and I'm up 8R, it's $12,000. I'm not just going to hold that and go for 32R. I'm just not. It's just that fucking simple. You know what I mean? That's just my opinion on things. Now, would I maybe hold some of it? Yeah, it takes at least 50% and then target here.
But that's as far as I would take that. And that's how I trade. I just don't see people that actually will hit 30, 40 R consistently. And if you do, it's like you've taken so many profits along the way that you may as well have just taken all of it there. Or really high R, but super low risk. That also makes no sense to me because you can just risk a little more and just have less time to trade. That's just my style.
These are just numerous ways you could have, you know, used that higher time frame bias, then broke it down to 15 minute, and then optional if you use the one minute or not. But even if you didn't, like let's just say you use the 15 minute, and you just use these lows, because the only point here, like there's not really a clean area in this, in my opinion, this displacement range, so I would have just used the lows, like a turtle suit buy, so to speak, and then I'd put stops down here. You may have got stop by spread.
that would have sucked. But if you didn't, if you got, if you got stopped by thread, that sucks. If you didn't, you still get a almost four hour opportunity, just trading the 15 minute in the four hour. So no matter how you took that, there would have been a winning trade. And it's all about like not taking a shitload of trades with, uh, if you, if you're trying to really, um, maximize your efficiency, in my opinion, I'm always different, but, um,
So for instance, let's say you got to stop that on that trade. So now we've came down because if we talk about ranges, we have this displacement range. We've mitigated this fair value gap. So what's the only area of liquidity or POI that is not mitigated. So it's going to be this order box. Now notice this. Look, we are generating liquidity right in front of those lows. And what? Price comes down here. So now you've got another swing, so to speak. So you go back in the 15 minute.
So now we know we're in this POI right here.
Let's shift right here. I might've gotten missed on this one to be on the first entry because this didn't come down to a premium. I just can't have first fair value gap. That's okay. We have a new displacement range. So then you can, once you establish your bias, like for instance, like, okay, now the four hour, all of the internal liquidity is gone. So we've taken out that order block. We took out the fair value gap. We took out these lows. So now we have no reason to not go to this high. So you're just looking like at prices, like a stair stepper, so to speak, to get in.
So if you missed the first displacement, you know, which would have been this right here, that's okay. It didn't come down to a premium. It's not like you missed the entire move. You just, you know, you're confident that we're drawing towards this high. So if we're moving towards this, you're just going to try to get in, find an entry. So here you go. Then you got your very clean entry right there. I mean, and you just can't, that's just why it's important to be confident and biased. So it's like you'd have taken this, could have done stop loss right there.
This is just trading the 15 minute. Now if you use the one minute, I'm sure the risk road is much higher. There's another four hour trade. This is one, you know, you could have had the only other target or take profit out of use was this right here. So you had a partial right there, partial right there. And notice I'm not, I'm not targeting. I'm not swinging for the fences. You probably could have right here if you didn't get stopped by spread there.
So those are the last couple really solid gold opportunities that I see were early last week. Now, after we get to these higher levels, like we've, you know, moved up, you could try to keep targeting all the way up here. If you actually caught either one of these trades, that's enough for a week. Like, I mean, if you get 4R on like a Monday and your account's up 4R, not like you had a 4R trade that you trimmed three times, but you're up 4R, just be done, bro. Like just thinking like this, if you get 4R,
And then you get, you know, next week, you know, minus two R. Okay, now you're up two R in the month. Then next week after that, you hit another four R. Okay, now you're up six R. I mean, like, bro, like five to 10 R is a really, like, you'll make, you'll change your life if you have a sizable funded account and are making five to 10 R. You'll literally change your life. So you got to just take things slow and really wait. And that's the one thing that I've learned more and more, and I still learn, is that.
the most important part of trading as far as like maximizing your profitability you can be profitable without this but if you want to maximize it is learning that less is more and that you have to be very patient and very self-disciplined and know when to not be searching because if you just come in if you just come into all markets every single day with you know looking for a trade every day you're going to end up burning up profits because every little thing matters like every little loss
Um, you know, you want to, you're going to take losses. I don't mean to inspire a fear of taking a loss because you can't be scared to take losses and you're going to have negative weeks and you're going to have negative months probably. But, um, the unnecessary losses, you know, and you know, everybody knows what I mean. Like if you've been trading for a while and you know, when you take a loss and you're just like, what the fuck, what are you doing? Like, can you look back and you're like, what were you even thinking? You know, like that kind of shit. That's what will, you know, eliminating that.
from your trading is what's going to really level you up. So let's see some of these questions. Can I run through how I saw daily bias today on whatever pairs to watch how you do it? Yeah, sure. We talked about it yesterday. So overall bias was bearish just because we know that we came up into a daily premium, reacted off this fair value gap.
We took out this low displacement. So now we're looking for lower prices, right? That's really, you know, I don't want to overcomplicate it because that's what everybody does with daily buy. It's just, okay, are we in a premium or discount? Okay, we're in a premium. Is structure bullish or bearish? On higher timeframes, it's bearish. That's something that we're looking for down.
Do I use kill zones and crypto for scalping or do they only apply to indices and forex, et cetera? No, I don't really scalp crypto at all, to be honest. But if you do, kill zones are definitely relevant. I said, what does equal highs mean to me? So equal highs can be relatively equal. Like it can be like just a bunch of highs right there. That's equal highs to me.
Now, this, that's not, or sorry, I just spazzed out on that. This, something like this, and then I move down, like, that's not equal highs to me. That's a high resistance run on liquidity. So it doesn't have to be very perfect, but, you know, just smooth to the naked eye, so to speak.
Will it be my maximum amount of trades in a day? Two? I've taken more than two trades in a day before and been good. I wouldn't take more than two losses, no matter how many wins I take. That's my rule. If I take two losses, I'm done. Do I usually use limit orders for your trades? I use limits. Sometimes I also use markets. I do both, to be honest. Can I answer your question? Oh, okay. I answered that.
You've been trading US 30 at all? Yeah, I have been backtesting a strategy. I haven't been trading it. I haven't traded it this week. I traded it some last week and then the week of Thanksgiving. I like the way it moves as far as high timeframe setups. Just everyday shit, I don't really like everyday's setup.
Got within two ticks of my fucking target for that trade. Do I trade on Mondays? I do, but it's funny you ask that because I'm testing a lot of different strategies right now. And all of them work best Tuesday to Thursday. Every single one of them. Tuesdays are always the best for all strategies I've tested. It's fucking weird, honestly. And this is for indices, not anything else.
High timeframe, US 30 looks like sauce. Clear strength in the Dow. Weakness in NAS makes for good one-day swings. Yeah, there's always a big divergence within NASDAQ. It's like ES in the middle a lot of times, but did it take it? I think it did. No, it didn't. Never mind. But ES is always kind of in the middle, but Dow and Q are usually like opposite ends of the spectrum. Dow has just kind of been like the leader recently is really what it comes down to.
Dow is super, or not Dow, NASDAQ. I wish I would have traded pre-market today. There's pretty clear shorts targeting these equal lows because we didn't take the lows on NASDAQ, but we did on everything else, which gave us SMT, but it wasn't really at the proper time and we didn't get the proper reaction. So then you look for that to be corrected. SMT can be misused very easily. Yeah, quarterly shift is the 16th. I'm pretty sure as far as like contracts go. Yeah.
Yes, I just saw this anonymous. I don't know how I didn't see that yet. Sorry. So Heath To the eighth has been asked I just like equal equal highs equals everywhere I Think overall the draw on liquidity is this right here though Like right now like if I was a day trader, I'd be looking to get a target that I'm overall though
I've been staying away from ETH just because of this right here. Equal lows there and equal lows there. The only thing I really would want to get involved with on ETH is if we come back up into a premium of this, all that. If we can get back into a premium, I'll just start shorting, but I'm just chilling on it just because I don't like that. It's just too much bullshit manipulation going on. Whenever that happens, me personally, I like to wait until the actual manipulation happens because right now...
you know there is definitely trade opportunities i'm not saying there isn't it's just i think there's if i'm if this is looking like this that's why i got in bitcoin longs that we got them so um but i would say overall draw is this right here and then i revisit price action how you react off this low looks like you had some form of movement from the ot of the london expansion though semi okay right here that fair value gap could have maybe got to sell there but it's still just
Crypto is good when it's good, but whenever it's not it's just like It's not this isn't really exciting price action of trade like I mean look at this and then Look at this. It's kind of just like why would I? Don't know Beyond me. It's best to just wait for the high time frame set up to the crypto Short from 1265 good shit. Yeah That's like that's really what the top over here. So yeah, I mean I'm not sure whatever wherever you got in but if you got it right there you snipe that top
Could I take it apart for right there the restaurant out here On that note guys, let's see if there's any other questions on YouTube and I'm gonna hop
Is my trade-in system more systematic or discretion right now? You mentioned looking for reaction. Do you mainly mean displacement from an area? So really, I try to make my system as mechanical or systematic as possible, but there's always some form of discretion in any system, unless you're using just strict numbers. Like if your system has anything that you can't make into numbers, it's...
has discretion in it but i try to eliminate the most discretion as possible but where there's always going to be discretion is going to be displacement and then also some people map structure differently so you know the smart money it's like
well there's you know this is this is a structure this oh no this is my structure I have a different this is displacement or no I don't consider a displacement so there's always a level of discretion I think handle closes are good to use just because again that's the if you have stuff that is you know
I think that the newer you are to trading, the more you try, you know, it was mechanical trading is very important and it's always very important, but you know, as you get better at trading and after you've been profitable for a long time, that's when you can start to do things, you know, you just, you just know, and that's when you become a little more intuitive, but I don't recommend trying to do that whenever you're, if you haven't been profitable for months, then I wouldn't even consider trying to do that.
but mine's more systematic. I do have discretionary trades I take sometimes, to be honest with you. I won't hold you, but most of the time it's mechanical, like 90% of the time. I do not trade London. I wish I did, though, for a euro dollar so far. Could I show where it displays, if it fails, and can I explain the reason? Yeah, sure, let's find one. Let's go on, like, a one-minute chart of ES. Probably happened this morning.
And like whenever you say when a displacement fails like I don't know I mean are you saying like some of it that was you thought was gonna be displacement and it ended up not which would be like something like this So it's like yeah, we took the high. Yeah, you made a big move But like you didn't really hold that displacement. So what happened again, just like I was talking about lower lows Now if you got like a full body candle like this closing up here probably would have been a different story
And here's something else a lot of people would have said was displacement, but I wouldn't. Like, that's not displacement to me. Neither is that. That's not a big move. That's, what, a five-point move after we've had, like, what, a 50 to 100-point day? That's not displacement to me. So hopefully those two examples answered. Like, good displacement is, like, stuff like this. Like, look at that. Broke to low, and you closed a big, full-bodied candle, right?
Now prices choppy through, but what happened? We ended up making lower lows. Not saying there was a perfect opportunity there, but just to explain or show you an example of a displacement that I would like. Another one is right here. That is displacement. And what happened after that? Consolidated way lower lows. Continued.
I'll preferably a displace on a one hour timeframe. I mean, it's all the same, bro. Like it's going to be the same on anything. So you shouldn't look at timeframes differently, except as far as looking at them in context. I can try to find one for you because it's the same, like literally the same. If you're trading price action and you're looking at different timeframes differently, that's going to be bad for you. So like for instance, let's try to see if we can find one.
If you looked at this, if you looked at this like this place, but this pushed down whenever it was live, that was once a big down candle. That hurt. Okay, here's a great example too. So like we came down in here and pushed into this low, but look at that massive buy up right there. That big wick, that is like, okay, maybe I'm not, I'm going to wait for that. And then look what happens. Price goes back up and then takes out the highs.
Yeah, as far as today, that's it. I'm going to make a video. I don't know if I'll release it. I'm going to start working on it today just about how I use Forex Replay for backtesting. And yeah, that's really it. And I guess if you have any questions, holler at me. The rest of the week will still be on at noon. And if you guys have any video suggestions, give me some to go over.
That way I can have some some ideas for you guys some kind of burnout on ideas right now But uh, yeah, I will see you guys tomorrow. Peace
