What is up, guys? Welcome to a week in the life of a millionaire trader here in Miami. They just kicked me off because I was too profitable. Like, you can't do a 10 to 1 and then not get moved live. If there was a kid that was day trading on day one, what I would tell them is, number one...
All right, guys, so we got a ton of stuff planned. We got the yacht. We're going to go to my boy's penthouse and he's going to show you all how he got a crazy big payout from Apex. And we got a bunch of cool stuff planned. So without further ado, let's hop right into it.
Yeah, I just ran over my boy Mason a way out and I almost canceled the yacht because they're going over to the VIP suite and then there's the WAP game. But, you know, I can't do that. I can't bail on the yacht last minute. I got everybody going. But it's kind of funny that the thought was even a thing because I really did think about it. I was about to be like, wait, no, we can't do that. But we're about to go on the yacht. It'll be fun. We're still going to have a good time. Probably go find a place to watch the fight later, grab some dinner and kind of just play it by ear and just enjoy the day.
That's what I was saying, yeah. All right, so we made it to the yacht to Sunseeker. It's a beautiful day, like absolutely perfect day for the yacht. I'm glad I came, actually. I was thinking about going to the heat game. I'm glad I came to the yacht. It's way better, way less people, way more chill. So we're down here, my boy Champ, Colin, Kyle, as you guys know, is Jade Cap and Kimmel. And yeah, we're just going to kick it, smoke some cigars, and enjoy the sunlight.
This guy has a crazy story. Can I get you to tell some of your story today? Yeah, absolutely. I want to do it somewhere in the sun, though. The light sucks right here. So let's get out into the water a little bit. It wasn't crazy. I'd party sometimes. I mean, I would definitely go hard. But before, it was like I was drinking every day.
Really? Oh, yeah, I used to be like a bum, bro. Oh, really? Every day? Absolutely. I saw your picture on Google. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Bro, that picture looks great. Well, I'd been in jail for almost two months at that point. Oh, you were in jail? Yeah, yeah. I was in Cali jail for almost two months. Yeah, I went broke pretty much after being a millionaire. Lost everything. Yeah, yeah, like lost everything, though, right? Throughout different, like, scenarios and different things. And then, I mean, I had, like, some when it ended, but then I had to buy, you know, pay legal fees.
ship all my shit back for California because I got extra to Tennessee. But yeah, I mean, they said it was mainly Tennessee is where I got charged. But that's where you were living? No, I was living in California. I was in LA. They came and got me out there. I was just drinking. I was like smoking vapes every day. I got fat as fuck. I was eating like Sonic, DoorDash. Like no shit. And I started a trucking company because I was trading. So whatever had happened was when I was starting to actually take trading serious. So then after it happened, I was like, okay, well, I have no other option.
like there's nothing you can do i mean like my face was everywhere the newspaper you know i couldn't you're not gonna go get a job that's the perfect job to do by yourself and i had a daughter i had you know family that depended on me and so it's like you know and you go from like being up to being down like super fast like you keep people you can't uh you know expect people to adjust so i literally just went on and trading us like literally full boarding like that was the only way i came up too i was like i had like 1500 bucks all right turn that to 6500 bucks on one uh binance futures trade
and then from there was risking like 1500 to trade just consistently got up to like 20 30 000 now so then i had like enough money to get by so whenever i realized i had to get a job i was like well damn first of all i can't get a job doing anything i want to do so i instead asked like well what if i start a business they're like well i actually asked to make money and i had a boy fahad that um he had a trucking company it was like dump trucks and they had like just started over the road like 18 wheelers and i knew people that wanted to invest a bunch they kept asking from it was from the discord that i would like joined to like learn how to trade
um actually it was ty from playboy no what yeah that was who invested so essentially i hit them up and was like look i've got this opportunity we can you can buy trucks we'll run them we just take a percentage of the you know profit and then did that and it worked really well but i was like stressed as fuck bro because the trucking industry is like the worst business you can ever run yeah like you deal with like literal practice every day oh really no way really no way really when i was uh when i come home from college
One of my best friend's dads, he owned a restoration company, so they'd have a bunch of trucks, so they'd have to drive the stuff down, clean out these basements and sewage, and drive all the stuff back, and it was brutal. Yes, brutal. And it's a cutthroat business, you know what I mean? Dude, all the people working there, just rips in, heat sonic, and it just... Yeah, like me, that was me. That was basically me, yeah. You guys worked together. That went good for a little while, but then it ended up crashing out. And when that crashed out...
that was whenever i was like super depressed i was like 250 pounds when i crashed that was like mid-2022 i got fat progressively wait this is recent yeah i got so yeah i i got charged in 2021 no i got charged way before i met you guys no no i mean the the everything crashing down no it was 2022 i met you guys in 2023 wow yeah yeah so um essentially after everything like crashed out and it was like rock bottom that's whenever i was like okay dude you literally have nothing to lose
and i was still fighting the case i had to end up so i basically realized the lawyer i had was just doing nothing right like he was lying saying that he was filing motions he was filed like two motions that both of which were like they were like inconsequential like for example they filed a motion to suppress the evidence that was at my california house there was no evidence they were just filing bullshit motions because they were like it was a political thing because it was the biggest case in that county's history really yeah yeah what i was charged with originally was um
uh conspiracy to traffic marijuana 300 pounds conspiracy to traffic cocaine up to like 500 grams but those are like the largest allegedly how long were you in that they said they said it was a 2016 to 2021 but i'd been getting in trouble since i was a kid bro so i was like 13. up until like 2021 i was a completely different person like you guys i wouldn't have liked myself i was wearing like you know diamond chains bust down watches just like the whole that whole thing you know i'm superficial like
thought i thought i made it too what's funny is i make like way more money i used to think that was the i used to think i was the cool dude um honestly you never really know because it's all consignment so like people you owe fuel money people you money we always got a fat one yeah exactly but you feel like complacent yeah you know what i mean but it's at the end of the day it goes nowhere it goes either like where a lot of my friends and i got friends that died friends that did go to prison stuff like that so you it's it's a
100 surety at some point that something bad will happen and then you lose everything i wasn't like a druggy or anything you know when i was younger in high school i definitely was for sure but i was like i was getting out i was partying like in la clubs like all the time yeah oh yeah down here i used to come down here on like a one-way and just stay for like three months you know what's really crazy that i didn't know about you until we were at dinner the other day is that well first of all the story of how they actually came to your house and you
busted the whole operation yeah second of all the fact that you had an open case facing 15 years as you were blowing up on youtube yeah i mean yeah basically when we met him and we didn't really know and you have the and you have the most like buttoned up professional
uh i wanted to change myself yeah i had to reinvent myself exactly it was a professional thing on youtube and at the same time in the background bro you're pulling up on youtube and you were like dude i might see 15 i was literally wondering i was like if it does go down like
that's gonna be like, oh yeah, see you guys. Like, you know what I mean? But it was like... Dude, did you make a video and be like... No, I don't... It was a crazy... Well, you get iPads in prison at some of them. Dude, jail stream. You could have done the first ever prison trading stream. Dude, nah, man. But dude, it was like, it was crazy because, you know, when you don't know, and like, it was like, it looked bleak. Like, if you were logical, you would have thought that I was 100% fucked. Like, 100% up until like the last, the last stretch, right?
So, but until I fired the first lawyer, I was fucked, totally. He wasn't going to do anything. And then when I got that new lawyer, they literally filed like 27 motions the first fucking day. It was like a team of six lawyers. They're not like all politically. They weren't politically and wrapped up in the court. And they were, I mean, you ever seen the movie Masterminds with Zach? So his lawyer was my lawyer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So he's like, and he also was the lawyer for like the largest marijuana case in US.
It was like some dude that was bringing like weed on ships from like Taiwan or like in like the 70s. It was like some crazy like tons and tons. So he had experience with like federal ports. I wasn't in federal. If I was in federal port, I would have been fucked. Obviously, you've changed a shit ton as a person since then. I'm a completely different person. Whenever you, whenever the news kind of broke online and you logged on and you first started seeing all these Casper SMC expose videos.
and the twitter thread started coming out like what did you feel like what how did that feel like what did you think you know honestly man it was like a sense of relief because i always wanted to talk about it but the way when i was coming up it was just kind of like how do you like okay at first for most of it i was like wondering if i was going to be so i didn't want to be like hey guys i might be going to prison because in my head i truly believe like if you won't accept something and you like really completely sign yourself up like this is going to happen i'm going to make it through this
Like, you'll make it through. And I was delusional in the best way. So that was part of it. And then once it, like, solved itself, I just wanted to put that shit behind me. But I knew, because I was growing so much, like, I knew it was going to come out at some point. You know, I knew it absolutely was. So when it did, I mean, initially it's like, ah, fuck, whatever. But then I'm like, yo, like, this is actually, this is actually the best thing that ever. It's like the same, the weirdest thing. Whenever I got arrested, it was like one of the biggest reliefs of my life. As crazy as that sounds. So, you know, when that shit happened, I was like, well, at least it's over. Like, I know I have to face something.
But, like, I'm going home. I don't have to worry about this shit anymore. It is what it is. But then, I mean, definitely the stress came back very, very strongly. Whenever they're like, yeah, you're going to go to prison. I was like, okay, never mind. I'm not going to leave. So how did you get out of this? So essentially, there was a lot. So it's a state case. So, like, it's a lot different than a federal case. For example, like, the amount, this is allegedly, right, the amount of evidence they had on me for most of the charges was, like, nothing. Because they never copied anything. The only thing that they had a lot of, like, you know, stuff they were going to use was the money launderer.
right so in a county case they don't have a team of people so imagine if you had to like audit like you know thousands and thousands and thousands of transactions it's kind of like how the irs doesn't audit most people they only have a team of people to do that right so the only thing that would have really like you know that they would have used so to speak was mainly that and then it was just like hearsay so they wanted to push it for up until the last minute they're like you're going to trial
You're looking at this. They gave me a deal for eight years, the last deal. And I was like, that's the same as 15 to me. It's like a death sentence, right? Whenever I got that new lawyer, they had filed so many motions. Then it got to the point where they were like, is it really worth it? Because at the end of the day, there was a chance I would win. You know what I mean? So if they go to take you to trial and you win, that's like, it was all over the news. Like they had just a new DA was elected. So it was like big, it was a huge political case. Because it was like a big deal in that city. You know what I mean? So that was a big part of it. And then also too.
At the last minute, there were witnesses that they weren't thinking were going to show up. Because it all depended on like if witnesses showed up and said stuff and then they couldn't get a hold of witnesses. The last court date, it was like a month before. I remember I was going to do a pod with Riz. It was in New York. And then I get a call from my lawyer and I'm like, at that time, a call from my lawyer was like an instant anxiety attack. Like literally, it's like an electricity shot hit you and like went through your whole body type shit. So then I saw it and I looked at my girl, who's my fiance now.
And she always was like, it's super, I didn't really talk about it because she was like, you know, she's scared and shit. And she just looked at it and looked at me because we were like laughing. It was like, oh, and then it was just like, oh, fuck. Then she looked at me and was just like, all right, I'm going to get up and go in the other room. And then she went in there and he called and I answered. And he was like, hey, man, well, I've got some good news for you. Or I've got some good and some bad news for you. Kind of like, OK, like, what's the fucking news? He's like, we did it. You're not going to prison. I was like, bro, what? And I was like, literally like, you're joking.
And she like right in there. It gives me chills thinking about that shit. But then it was crazy. And he was like, yeah, he's like, we did it. You're not going to prison. He's like, you're going to get a felony. You're going to go on probation for sure. But you're not going to prison. It was the craziest like full circle moment because it was like I was in New York City. I had flown up on YouTube at this point. Yeah, I had like 100K, probably more at this. Actually, I'm not sure. I was 2300 subs in January of 2023 and 230K today. Yeah, it's crazy. At first, the way I started doing YouTube was I...
I was in a group that I paid to be a member of. And at that time, like I ended up being a coach, right? So they like made me, oh, give your trades. And then they didn't have enough spots. And like, it was just Discord voice chats at that time. There wasn't like a stage. So they basically could only have 50 people. So I started streaming on YouTube. I did that for like a while and it just got me like 2,300 subs. But then I started making like organized videos. And the first one I posted got me like 15k subs. And then it was just like, as soon as I saw that and I was fighting this case, I was like, this is it.
like you've got it yeah 100 i was like this is it like you have to literally put everything you've ever put into anything right now that's also right at that moment where it's like bro you're not going to do this if you're a fat loser so i quit smoking weed i started running i remember i was like running in trash bags like i used to box it was like i was cutting for boxing just like full psycho mode and then just went on like the craziest run ever and in that time like that's where i became like who i really am today yeah it's crazy like every time i talk about my story like i love it
but at the same time it's weird because i i try to like erase i mean i don't want to erase that part for my life because it made me know who i am but it is a full circle moment like talking about it here like we're riding on a yacht in miami i was just before this debating and like stress whether i was going to go to the heat vip at the playoffs or a yacht i sat there for a moment thought about that i was like bro like life is insane and i you know i i always knew that i would make it but
And I know a lot of you guys feel the same way. Like, you know, you're going to make it, but you don't really know how or how big you just know you want more. Right. And if there's anything I can say is just be delusional, like risk everything you have, honestly, because the only reason I made it here is because I was forced to do that. I had nothing to lose. So while many of you guys may not be in that exact position, a lot of people are at rock bottom or they're on their way to it if they don't realize it. And at the end of the day, you really have no real risk.
Because if you don't risk everything, if you don't put it all on the line and do everything that you can to get to where you want to be, then that's the biggest risk that you take because you risk living your life and then looking back and wishing you would have done other things. Like right now, what is it? You risk everything, lose everything, and what? Go back to square one? Like get a normal job? And the fear of that outweighs for some people the fear of going their whole life and not enjoying it. And the reason is because everybody always thinks in short term. Like everybody always thinks about what is going to be
the most painful thing right now, right? It's like when people are trying to diet, it's more painful for them to give up good tasting foods than it is to be unhealthy years later. Even though if you ask somebody like, logically, would you be okay with being fat and unhealthy? They'd say no. If they had a choice, they'd always not do it. But short-term pain for most people always outweighs long-term pain. And the same thing goes when it comes to risk, because everybody doesn't want to risk losing everything they have right now to possibly avoid losing their whole life, essentially. It's a crazy thing, but...
If there's one piece of advice I can give to you guys, to be absolutely delusional, like, on another level and not accept anything less than your wildest dreams. Because any of you guys really can do this shit. I'm no different than you. The only difference is that I had nothing to lose. I was delusionally honed in on making it work. And I put everything I had in it. And it really took a year to change my whole life. I was just telling them back there I can't even remember the kind of person that I was back then. Like, I can't even really remember, like, how I used to think what...
what was going through my head and things can change that fast so i really hope that you guys see this and you know you learn a lot about trading you learn a lot about all the different stuff like the technical stuff but really like the difference between the people that are going to make it big and the people who are going to kind of struggle at things over and over again and get stuck it's not so much like this the tech the tactics like the piece by piece how to trade and all this it's really like where you're at in your mind and i know that you guys hate hearing that like
people hate hearing it sounds like some guru stuff but i'll tell you what it's true guys it really is it's true even if you get lucky and make a bunch of money for example let's say if you guys made 100 grand tomorrow a lot of you guys would end up losing it because you're not at that point where you would trust yourself with that but most people want to trade so they can make a bunch of money but they're not even at the place where they could handle a bunch of money right it's not that one people think they get the money and then they level up it's not that you have to be there in your mind first you have to surround yourself with the right people you have to raise your standards you have to really get clear on things and that's more important
than anything else so all the stuff i teach you for free all the stuff that i put on youtube it has a potential it's similar to like for example if you have like a sniper rifle right let's say the most accurate best sniper rifle in the world if you have two people one of them's a navy seal sniper and the other one is like a 16 year old who's never shot a gun one of them is going to get much more out of that rifle than the other that's the same thing with any of the stuff you learn online any of the courses you buy any of the things you spend your time and money on it it's limited by who you are like what can you do wielding it
So I really want to preach that, that you need to just focus on leveling up and getting there mentally because you're rich in your mind a lot longer before you're rich in real life. And a lot of people mistake and think it goes the other way around. Yeah, man, just a crazy full circle moment. I love you guys, especially the ones who've been here since day one. It's been an insane ride. And I just want to thank you guys a ton and say we're just getting started. It's time to lock in.
it's crazy because everybody was like so scared of crypto being over literally free like free money but everybody was like bear market it's over but it's like if you are looking at any other chart and saw that you would want to buy it but everybody was scared but now everything's looking good now watch it's gonna tank after i release this vlog it's gonna tank and i want to be like yeah bull market's back
Good. I didn't mean to interrupt, bro. No, you're good. We're talking. So you don't drink at all? Nah. I'll probably drink it again in some point in my life, you know? But I basically quit. So we were in Scottsdale last year, me and my fiancé now. We weren't engaged at the time. And we used to party. Like, we didn't drink, like...
all the time but i went on vacation so much that we just drink with dinner and then like i wasn't one that like paced myself like i could handle my liquor too so i would drink go out have fun go out and like i just love that i still love the atmosphere like i would go to a club and be sober and not drink and have great time just because it's the energy you know but um i have so much more fun now like so much more fun but it's so interesting man being in a club late at night sober and realizing just how up
you used to kill i know dude i'll be like did that i'm like was i really that fucking dumb when i would like i talked to people and then i'm just like holy shit that used to be me like you were fucking 27 years old you're fucking killing it in every aspect of life like why am i doing why am i here and i had this like click where i was just like bro i'm gonna do a 75 hard
anyways um but i was like i'm gonna do a 75 hard right so i decided to do that and at the end of the 75 hard i realized like i had no desire to drink it wow i feel amazing and i was like i just had no desire and i kept thinking like okay well i'll just play it by ear and then i didn't want to drink and i was talking about fiance and i was just we were like neither of us want to drink and we get along so good like she's like the best woman ever dude like that's why i engaged to her but
or got engaged with her. But, like, we never argue except when we were drunk. We'd bicker and shit. It was like, we realized, like, what is this doing for us? So we just said, fuck that shit. And, you know, like, we're playing an Italy trip. I'm sure when we go to Italy, we'll probably drink some wine or something because it's fucking Italy. And when we get married, we might drink. But then again, as I say that right now, I'm like... But you might not. I might not. I don't think... If I was there right now, like, if I just switched the button and we were in a yacht in Italy, I wouldn't be drinking. So, like, I don't know. Dude, it honestly kind of fucks everything up.
it fucks up with the a like be like once you start drinking it's like if you if you stop the rest of your day is fucked up on the next day the next day is fucked up and bro like what people don't understand is like the real benefits of not drinking are cumulative like you have to go like 30 60 90 days to really start to be like you get clearer and clearer it's like this cumulative effect and i think people like underestimate actually how effective they could be
they weren't wasting themselves all the time and by the way i actually drink sometimes yeah but there have been extended periods of my life where i don't consume a drop of alcohol and those have unequivocally been the most productive parts of my life oh absolutely anything compounds anything whether it's silent or very obvious all this small little identity changes you make like oh i'm the kind of person who doesn't drink well now you're probably going to be the person that gets up early you're probably the person that goes to the gym and works and just stays in a good state of mind and it becomes like who you are you know and it's not only that it's like it's like people don't understand
how much it affects your ability to tolerate stress, right? So the life that most people want is on the other side of having to deal with a pretty insane amount of stress and pressure. And dude, if you're hungover, like it's not, you can't do it, bro. Anxiety, that's actually a really good point. I've never thought of it like that, but that's so true because- Like bro, if you're hungover and all of a sudden a payment processor freezes 50 grand, if you're hungover and all of a sudden-
somebody tries to drag you into some bullshit lawsuit that you have to go pay legal fees and deal with if you're hung like like anything that comes with being a business person in general like it's a hundred fucking x harder to deal with so i just like bro for me like unless i'm literally in a spot where it's like dude i have nothing important to do i'm not trying to like yeah let me go grab my sunglasses i'm not trying to do all that bullshit yeah i know like vacation that's a good point though that's that's actually a good take yeah so true man yeah man that sun is fucking shining
we got cigars we got good homies good conversation man it's cool too because like when i used to come down here when i was way younger i was just like i don't even i'm like what the fuck do we even talk about because now all of my friends were all like trading running businesses building brands and it's just like you learn so much because like back when i'm in tennessee i'm locked in like all the time i'm just work work work work which is great and there's no distractions however i do think that it's beneficial to balance
You know, I think a lot of people come down here and they don't balance. They go all the way to the other end. But I think it's important to put yourself around other people that are also on a mission. Also, really important, guys, one thing that I can tell you is you need to find out how to get around people that are at a higher level than you, even if it means working for free, like finding somebody that you can just do some kind of maybe if it's not for free for cheap or something, because at the end of the day, whenever you're a square one, the thing you need to be focusing on is more so gaining knowledge and connections than trying to just like.
you know come up out of nothing and whether even if it's trading like even if you're trading and it doesn't necessarily rely on other people if you're around a lot of traders you take it serious and people that are at a high level you start to raise your standards what what you once thought was crazy is now not crazy now it's like oh you're crazy for not being at that level so like when your perspective elevates like that you get around the right people you naturally just start rising it's like your standards right like you get whatever you will accept in life 100
And there's always this fear of taking that jump into it, like raising the standards of who you keep around you, raising the standards of who's on your team if you have a company, raising the standards of what you accept for yourself, where you'll allow yourself to be like happy with yourself, honestly. And when you do that, that's where you really end up. It's not goals. Like people set goals and you should, you're usually going to shoot for your goal and fall somewhere closer to your standards. You'll get to the goal eventually, but if you just set some kind of unrealistic goal and don't really ask yourself like,
what is the level that I have to hold myself to to get there and focus more on that in the process than the outcome, you'll never get there anyways, you know? What would you tell a kid that wants to start day trading? He's day one into it. What are you telling him? If there was a kid that was day trading on day one, what I would tell him is, number one, you have to accept that you're probably not going to make money for a little while and you need to focus on mastering the process rather than...
seeing all the flashy stuff and just going after that because i always like to think about things like what's your north star like what are you working backwards from and if you set a goal of making a lot of money in a short amount of time everything that happens that challenges that which will be like everything at first stresses you out and when you're stressed you're stupid i always like say stress makes you stupid but if you focus on just building the process and becoming the kind of person that actually could win at trading you you accept that you're going to fail and that you're not there yet and you have this peace of mind knowing
that you know you're just picking what do i do every day that's what you can control you can't control whether or not you're successful immediately but whenever you do that you start to be at a different energy you're not stressed out about why it isn't working fast enough why you're not rich yet and stop comparing yourself to something that's unrealistic and then you'll actually get that thing really just surround yourself with the right people outside of trading too start working on yourself because a lot of people want to trade man i see it on something in comments and people on on youtube they're negative you're not going to make it in a business where most people fail
if you're just a negative person there's no way so another big thing too is like eliminating all the negative energy you see in the trading industry from people always saying like oh prop firms are scams or this guy's a scammer or oh why does he do education if he it's just all this stuff like that's not going to help you like usually those are people that are just saying that from a state of being angry they don't have whatever that person has but i'd say like eliminate all that eliminate the idea of making money overnight and things will happen a lot faster
Another big piece of advice to all these young guys out there is to spend more money. Now, a lot of people are going to come at me for this, but whenever you start spending more money, whenever you're the one that like picks up the tab, you take care of your friends, you give your family some money, you're not afraid to enjoy yourself. Just watch what happens in your life. You will literally start attracting more money into your life because at the end of the day, it's all an energy game. I don't care what anybody says. And if you're like penny pinching and cutting costs, you're basically putting out there to the universe that you're not worth it, that you don't have enough.
and it's not like you're just gonna have this money fall in your lap before you're in the right state of mind. So go out there, spend more money, enjoy your life, and watch everything rise with that. All right, so we're all hungry. The yacht charter isn't up, but we said buck it. We're going home anyways, because why not? And we're about to go back, probably trying to find another place to have a big dinner. We'll see what we can do. It's like Saturday at like five o'clock, but hey, where there's a will, there's a way. So we're gonna wrap it up. We got the captain going back to the dock, and yeah.
Then we're gonna get into the night shenanigans.
All right, we're over here at my boy Jeremy's Penthouse, and I want to go into how he was able to get. How much was it? What was the payout? Let's see the exact numbers so I don't fluff you guys, okay? This is my 1099 from Apex for the year of 2024, which is when I got all my payouts. There's 1,088,500. You want to show them? This is the 1099. This is just the payout number, and then...
over here it's got my social security in the middle of it okay otherwise i would just show you the full thing that's my old address we had the farm mansion at the time which by the way i will say helped a lot with trading dude being locked dude i was locked out in this 12 000 square foot mansion bro and it was isolated in the west part of miami and you know i could i would come into town like i'd like go to basketball games and like would use the city and stuff like hang out with friends but
Dude, being out there was really helpful because that was when I was starting to learn trading. So I was out there for about three years. And technically one and a half of those years was when I was learning trading and doing trading. And that's when and where I got all my payouts besides one month of being here. And by the way, it's a real penthouse, not one of those Miami boy apartments that's a penthouse.
Get some B-roll of the balcony pep in here into this part of the video, okay? 2,500 square foot balcony. Yeah, yeah. Now that the balcony is bigger than half the fucking little ones people got up here. Dude, it's funny. It's like a funny stereotype down here where people, they say they have a penthouse and it's like, in reality, it's like, I mean, to be fair, like some of them are at the top of buildings, you know, and some of them do have PHs in front of them, even though they're pretty much apartments. But yeah, anyway, long story short, we're not doing that. I traded between April, it was April 17th, 2023 was my start date.
until october of 2024 so that was the time frame that i'd made that million eighty eight thousand five hundred and i vaporized part of that 500 in the live account because i didn't adjust my risk parameters to live that's what i love about props dude props are so much better than live accounts with like the risk to reward ratio because i what i would do
On the 150s, I would trade five contracts at a time across the 20 of them. So that, long story short, is 100 contracts across all 20 of the accounts at a time. But it feels like a diffused risk because you're only technically trading five contracts per trade per account. It's just an un-fucking-deniable risk-to-reward ratio for how good it is. You can invest. That was a 10x return. You invest 86 Gs and you make a million dollars. That was pretty good to me.
I mean, long story short, I don't like any of the other props. I'm not a big fan of the other ones because they just don't let you have the 20 accounts. And I loved Apex, too, because they're the biggest. I'm not even an Apex affiliate, dude. It's just like math. It's like you don't trade a prop when you're getting payouts from other people failing on a small prop. It's like none of them are paying you real money from you making real trades. So it's like you got to understand the game. It's like.
Essentially, a legal Ponzi scheme is essentially what these props are. And, you know, to be fair, that might sound a little ridiculous to describe it like that, but truly, that's what it is. They're regulated. I would never use one that's not in the United States. I'd always use one in the U.S. because there's ramifications if you fuck up.
and you're a U.S.-based business. Oh, yeah. They just kicked me off because I was too profitable. Like, you can't do a 10 to 1 and then not get moved live. So, like, with the liquidity strategy, try to explain, like, I know we don't have a chart or anything, obviously, but, like, you're basically, I remember you telling me you would wait until I hit a level and you'd see if it was going to break through and go to the next level. It really all came down to this. If there was a key level that I marked, and, again, just, like, in terms of a chart, just to, like, you know, try with my fingers, I guess. It's like,
If let's say there was a day where the chart bottomed out here and then it starts to climb back up and then it bottoms out like around here, I would mark both of those levels, okay? And let's use the example like a couple days later or a couple weeks later or even like a couple hours later. The chart on the one hour comes back down and starts to revisit that first area, okay? I would wait until it goes through it a little bit, wait to either have one of two things. I would wait for a retest and for it to fail. That would be my best entry, dude.
Because if it retested and failed, I would bet that between that level and that next level, it was going to go down to that next level and hit that area of liquidity. So when it would fail the retest, I would go in short. And I would try to always capture, keep in mind, I was doing five contracts. My only goal every day, five contracts per account, and I wanted to capture 20 points, okay? 2K a day, that was my main goal. And 2K a day, again, times 19 accounts put me in a great spot.
Keep in mind with the way Apex worked, that allowed me to pull max payouts while also accumulating to eventually get to that fourth month and get a fucking massive payout. Dude, it was the highest probability setup ever. Anyway, if I could trade with Apex again and do the fucking 20 account shit, I'd still be doing it right now. I know it kind of sounds a little ridiculous to say, but I don't trade live accounts because it just doesn't make me enough money to justify the emotional.
significance of what trading does to me you know i mean and i think that like one of the things you said too that you came in with the frame of having a really high standard i think that and and just in general from like your you know your background and stuff but i think a lot of people try to come into trading and they they go way too they think way too small and then final thing i don't teach in any way shape or form this is the first trading interview i've ever done and and this is honestly probably the last time i'll ever talk about it and i'm not exaggerating i'm never going to sell you a course on trading
Jesse's been a long time Inner Circle member with me. That's why I sat down and I did this conversation with him because I actively endorse everything that he does. He teaches the exact strategies that I was doing. He has different names for him and like labels him a specific way. He's an educator in this and I full-heartedly trust Jesse with everything that he does and everything that he teaches. Don't hit me up talking about trading. Don't hit me up asking questions about this shit. I'm gonna ignore it and not talk to you about it because again, I have...
zero anything that I'm going to sell you or zero financial upside. If you made a fuckload of money trading and you want to talk to me about that, I'm happy to network with you. But seriously, if you're just in the game, please don't hit me up. Go through Jesse and learn everything from there. But yeah, anyway, that's it. I got to go do my weekly inner circle group call now. Thank you very much for having me. And hey, listen, trading's fucking sweet. Yeah, man. Make a bunch of money and put your balls on the table. Have some fun.
yeah hell yeah bro okay awesome all right so we just got done with jeremy up at the penthouse and there's a couple things that i want to point out about that interview notice how he's not like taking tiny risks on these evals notice how he's not trading a complicated strategy notice how it didn't take him years and years to become profitable and the reason for that is because the way he thinks he was already rich he was already successful and that's because of who he is and how he thinks and that applies to everything you do like how you do anything is how you do everything
All right, so we went back to the crib, got changed, and now we're headed down to Dirty French Steakhouse. This spot is super fire in Miami. It's down in Brickell, so we're going to hit that up, and then maybe if we have it in this, go out for some cigars or something after. Probably will because, you know, why not?
All right. So we just got back from the cigar lounge and I am tired as absolute fuck and I got to get some rest. So yeah, that was a week in the life and it was fun. So comment and let me know if you like content like this. I want to start making more of this and really just pull back the curtains on my everyday life because most of the stuff I post is just trading, trading, trading and education. And I'm always going to post a bunch of free value. Don't worry. But I think it's, you know, it's cool to share my life.
have you guys get to know me. So I appreciate you guys for watching. Make sure to subscribe and I'll see you in the next one.
