What's good? I'm going to give everybody a second to get in here. I'll just test the chart up. Somebody in a stock chat had asked me to look at it. It's not really showing much strength here, but if it was going to reverse, it would be right around here. Although many times when we come into that initial target, which I'd given the 206 target, we were up in this range right here. Here, let me find the message.
Yeah, so this is the 10th. I said 206. No, it was when we were a little farther down. That's right. We'd been talking at this level for a while. Back in. Where is it going to be? Notes. Where was it? Apple. Where is this Tesla TA? I enjoy watching Tesla because I don't trade it at all. Oh, yeah, here it is.
This is whenever we had came down here. We had wanted it to come back down to this imbalance and bounce back up, but it never took the weekly imbalance that I wanted it to tap into. That's kind of where we're at right here, where it front ran it. So, you know, who knows? Maybe it's saving for later. I wouldn't bet the farm on it, but this was the weekly imbalance I was referring to. A lot of equal highs in front of it. I mean, I'm sure at some point in time that I got revisited, but I wouldn't look at that as a draw.
If I'm in the weekly chart, if the daily starts to show signs that it wants to reverse, all I really would do to get the low hanging fruit would be just target this nice gap right at a equilibrium, and that's in the weekly chart.
Now on the daily chart, if we start to draw up, which we wanted to, but really the way we closed today is going to be indicative of whether we're ready to bounce or not. Just because we took the sell side and hit that target we had at 206 doesn't necessarily mean that it's going to reverse right here. I do like the area it's at though. Let me go for ES.
This was the original draw that I wanted us to meet was down here in this imbalance. And I'm not going to trade it right now because it's lunchtime. And also there's not really an entry the way that I would want to enter. But I do like where we're at. If we're going to bounce, I think it's a good chance that we bounce here. Why is TradingView doing this? This is so annoying. It's like when I go to one time frame and extend something all the way left. I've been doing that a lot lately.
But anyways, the reason I picked this was because this new range we had created after that massive move. I didn't even know. Apparently yesterday was the third biggest move in spy history in a single day. It's pretty crazy. But...
I just look at this as that when I was coming to the market this morning, I wasn't really interested in playing the raid that occurred right around this area. I mean, you can see it was very short-lived. And the reason for that, again, is just understanding ranges. And I look at this as, you know, we'd kind of made this range. We took out some of this external liquidity of the old range, which was this. So now I would look for a reversion back to a discount.
And that's exactly what we did. You just draw the first price delivery array at a discount and wait to see what price does there. So, so far, so good. Like I said, I won't trade it. If this is the move, I'll miss it. It's whatever. I got to follow my rules of not trading during lunch. But I would like to see some kind of sell side raid after 1.30. We went over how to catch that and the way I do it, my version of it in the Discord yesterday.
look for that ICT setup coming out of the lunch hour. So if we do get a nice buy, I personally am just gonna take it to our fixed trade just because I've been, look at this, why is this doing this? I don't get it.
But personally, I'm just gonna take a fix to our trade the overall draw for me when I'm looking at a more local range Would be to kind of measure this impulse move we had and I'm gonna start it from here and move down not from up here That's just the way I do it because I see the true impulse coming in here. This is where the equity open happen institutional sponsorship in my opinion is more Prevalent there because you see it kind of mosey down count took liquidity
right, mitigated this fair value gap. That's where I see the value at. So I'm going to, you know, like I was saying yesterday, you want to focus on where the meat on the bone is, so to speak.
And then I'm just going to look at the first price delivery I see in a premium. So on the 15 minute, we have this massive fair value gap. And what I like to do whenever we have something like that is either just look right at a premium, make that your draw or overall target. We know it's not the draw because it's just the equilibrium. But you can go into a five minute and kind of break that fair value gap down and see where the real imbalance is.
go to a three minute you see the same thing there on a three minute the one minute there's also a clean high right there so i like that area if we if we do start to reverse um and i'm not necessarily you know you don't have to always catch the bottom like let's just say and this is just total speculation for educational purpose let's just say price does this during the lunch hour and gives that nice entry and i miss it and then it's just hanging out it comes 130 let's say it takes out all these lows
gives you my entry model, I'm still going to take that there. And that's just an example of building the narrative that if price shows the desire to go higher at the right time, then I'm going to say, okay, well, we're going to revert back to at least a premium of this little impulse move. Who knows? We could go even higher, but I'm just looking at low-hanging fruit. We don't have to catch... Min-maxing with trading, it will drive you crazy. It will.
And don't fall into the marketing ploys of all these people that get 85R every week. They'd be rich as hell. But we just build trades around that narrative. Now, this is, again, don't come back if the market dumps and say, oh, you said it was going to go here. I'm not saying that, well, there's no indication for me or I would be involved. And yes, there's a little bit of a shift right here. But remember, what time is it happening at? Because time is just as important as price action.
In your day trading, time should be more important. Well, I wouldn't say more. Actually, that's a little ridiculous. Just as important as price action.
I said, what was my approach to risk management when I was doing the funded challenge? For phase one, I risked 1%, and I got pretty blessed. I was down a little bit when I started, but then I got a pretty crazy Bitcoin trade that basically rode me to Valhalla. But for phase two, I risked half a percent, and it was fine. It was a little slower. Even though it was less of a gain, it took me longer because I was risking half a percent.
What you could do is, see, that's why I didn't want to take that because this is what you'll get whenever it's the lunch hour. But as long as you don't just try to start risking more as you lose because you feel the pressure of the challenge, you'll be fine. One strategy that I like is, let's say if you risk 1% of your port, well, if your account falls into a drawdown, even the smallest bit, you cut that risk to half a percent.
So basically just cut your risk in half if you're in a drawdown. You can apply the same thing for like your weekly P&L or, you know, your overall port if you're basically starting the challenge. But I think it's a good way to safeguard because we know that, you know, especially even if we're good traders, we're going to take losses. And sometimes those losses come with psychological baggage that will then further influence other trades and cause you to maybe take a couple more losses.
you know, that bad swing of things, it's a lot better to have less money out on the table than to be, you know, risking the same you were at the start. So that would be the best I would recommend. Yeah, now if the S&P does just blast through all this, then okay, is 88 limits hit? Alert.
If the S&P does start to just blast to the downside, you know, which it definitely can and doesn't give us an entry, that's fine. I don't care to not take an entry at indices today. I've just been hanging out this morning, kind of doing stuff around the house. So, you know, don't force anything, but that's what I would like to see. So look at the test on the monthly. Unlogged since the beginning. I haven't done logging forever.
It's like a giant market maker sale model or something. I'm just kidding. I mean, yeah, it doesn't look great, does it? Jesus, that's fucked up to look at in the log. You don't realize what these numbers are. 20 bucks. Like if I was just looking at this chart, I don't even know what this, oh, this is back whenever before they did their splits. I was like, what is this? You know, just looking at this, like.
If I wasn't, you know, if I didn't know what it was and I didn't know what time frame it was, I mean, I would say this is probably gonna... Wait, what the fuck? Oh, yeah, I forget. That's why I hate log. I mean, to be fair, then it's... If I'm looking at it like this, then, you know, I think the overall, like, sweet spot target would be like that 180 mark down there. And balance just below it. You can go ahead and drag these equal lows down. We're actually just talking about the test when I post this.
What's oil doing today? Oil looks good. I won't even hold you. I mean, we could use a couple more days of downside, but overall, I mean, this would be like the draw right now that I see. What I'm saying that alert for is once we come back down into that fair value gap, I would look at the one hour chart. And if I can get a decent market structure shift, the same exact framework right here, if we have that liquidity rate.
Market structure shifts. You've got both you know your oops wrong template Kind of got both boxes checked you draw a fib on the impulse move
And then you have your fair value gap. This is the same model we use for indices. But now we want to take it a little step farther. So as price comes into this zone in the one hour, I want to see that same thing. And you can see right here where people got faked out real nicely. And it front ran, engineered a lot of liquidity right here. And this is the great example of, yes, you can get a market structure shift. And it doesn't really mean anything as far as what you're trying to do if it's not in the right context. Because all a market structure shift is doing is telling us the market wants higher.
but we have to ask ourselves why does it want higher well in this situation it wants higher to mitigate this imbalance so it has enough fuel and buy side liquidity for market makers to take price down here that's the context of why that market structure shift happened now plot twist if it comes when it's down here and if it gives that market structure shift we would look at in the context that why is it doing it well
There are probably orders here because we're in a bullish daily impulse move and we've came down to a discount. And now this could potentially be reaching for buy side liquidity, right? All these highs. And you don't have to even take it that far. And that's the benefit of using lower timeframe charts. Like let's just say you get this in the one hour and then price comes into your fair value gap. Well, then you can go on the five minute.
Wait for that same thing. And you can make just as much off of, you know, maybe a move somewhere down in here you got in that you just take to this high or something, right? I mean, it's going to be skewed because I'm drawing it, but you guys know the power of using the lower timeframes for execution.
EU provided a really nice trade this morning, like really early though. Actually it was a seven. Nevermind. I thought it was a little earlier. So it was a very nice trade. And this is a good example of that. All right. We had a hourly market structure shift and we just look at the impulse move that shot us down there. You could have said, okay, bam, here's that. Your first little area and get onto a lower timeframe. Our first area in a
premium, which is gonna be those at relatively equal highs. Now, if you could have used the one minute to maybe frame an entry around that, say we came down here, the first swing high you really violated is right there. You could draw this. It looks like it took that low. And this is a great example of why I always use the low, the actual low from using low timeframes for stop losses. The way I would have probably entered this would have been like right here, stop loss under this, and I would have just done a fixed 2R.
and you could have taken it way higher, but that's a great example. I mean, this is hindsight. I didn't take this. I wasn't even at my desk, but that's a good example of how you can kind of layer those confirmations through different timeframes to capitalize off of the narrative without having to be a part of the entire move.
And even though you confirm and this and that, it's not, nothing is for sure 100% of the time. You're going to take losses every week. You're going to take losses. If you don't, then you're just a God trader, right? And that's just not true. But so that's another question of God is, you know, somebody sends me something and they've been learning about.
And I think that people kind of like misunderstand and think that it's like the holy grail to where like you've cracked the scientific code and you'll never be wrong. And that's just not the case. And having that expectation is going to breed a lot of psychological issues that are going to be hard to shake.
Let me actually just ask a really good question. Hey, do I ever use volume or footprint cluster to add confluence or to better time entries? I personally don't, but it's something that's interested me in the past. I know a couple people that I talk to quite regularly are doing that. So I'm kind of just going to let them do it and see how it works. And I'm a big believer of if you have something that's working, don't try to go out and fix it. You know what I mean?
because there's been a lot of times in my trading career where you're always looking for something more, so to speak. And if you do that all the time, you're going to end up causing yourself problems you really didn't even need to have. It's a saying we have here in the States, if it's not broken, don't fix it. I'm not saying not to try to improve yourself or you as a trader, but if you have something that you know is profitable, as far as technical analysis goes,
then I don't see the reason to always like try to find more, right? I think once you have a profitable model, which everybody does at this point, we've had, there's so much stuff on the internet. I've went over a ton of stuff, especially if you're in the private server, you've got quite a few different models. Once you know that it works and you've back tested it, it's really just about working on yourself. And the technical part's easy.
But I'd say 90% of the people that I know that are struggling as traders are struggling with psychology issues, whether they realize it or not. They might think it's not, but a lot of times that's what it is.
If a fair value gap straddles the premium discount line, would you say it's valid when it hits on the correct side of the premium discount for the move or look for the next entirely contained in either premium or discount? I just look for the first one. I'll even take it if it's under. And that's just me. I'm all about low hanging fruit. I think that it's just a better strategy. Like for instance, let me try to see if I can find something.
Okay, here's a good example. Let's just say if I was in a short Well on that's actually gonna be skewed. I'll just use this as an example. So we're gonna play a little bit of make-believe We'll say that
price had given us an entry model. We're just, again, we're just, you know, kind of imagining. And, you know, I'm going to short. And if I was looking, you know, what's the overall last area I'm out, I would just look at this little whole zone right there. So, you know, in like a 10 minutes, it's going to be an order block. And even though it's at a, you know, technically still at a premium, this is where I would be fully out. Probably much before then. But when you're trading counter trend.
or looking for a draw on liquidity i think it's all about like what's the next step not what's the final min max target where it's gonna you know you pinpoint it to the last pip the last pip but you know i i would always look right around equilibrium because there's there is no you know price does not have to come back to a discount you can hit that and then just rail right especially if the higher time frames are pulling it in that narrative as well
Oh, I read it for a second. I was like, what? But yeah, no, exactly. That's how people act though. People act like there's, you learn to trade and you just, you know, you're never going to be wrong again. Or like whenever you say,
you kind of get on a good beginner's luck streak and then you start to take those losses. You're like, this isn't, this is bullshit. This is a scam. But it's like, dude, you're going to lose a lot. Like if you're trading for a career, you're going to lose an insane amount over your career. I promise. If you don't, like, please hit me up and let me learn your ways. For instance, even with a low risk reward strategy, like a 2R, you only have to win 40% of the time.
to be profitable it means you can you know theoretically you know statistically lose more than you win and still be profitable some of these other guys that have the high r strategies um if they if they follow their strategy and it works to a t then they're able to even lose more than that which i don't really condone that or recommend it just because of the psychological effects it has but um yeah
Yes, I've been doing a fixed risk to reward recently. Not for very long. I mean, this past week, I've literally taken, I think, four trades and I've been doing a fixed 2R. It's honestly pretty, it's like very easy. Sometimes it's like, you know, like there was a couple of trades I looked at that were like, damn, like I really took that one too early. I think I had most of them. We did a class yesterday and I used this chart.
Yeah, this is it. This is one I was like, wow. Like, you know, for a second, I was like, this is why you shouldn't do that, you know? And I mean, you could say that because like the thing was, I literally had was targeting lower. Like I wanted lower than this, but I just did a fixed 2R. And then there was another one over here as well. So it was like two days in a row. Or actually, this is the same day, I think. What was the dates? Yeah, this is the same day. So it was a morning cell and then an afternoon cell. And, you know, both.
trades would have went much farther. But I kind of like the idea of just, you know, you take a fixed 2R and I'll see how it goes. Now, if I see this happening all the time, you know, then I'll probably cut it. But I also, there's been, there was one trade that I didn't take. It was this morning. I didn't take it, but it was a good example of why the 2R can be clean. Like for instance, when we had this first initial,
uh run right here behind this you had this market structure shift right here price came back very quickly right into this fair value gap barely tagged it in on this example this would have been a great place to do a fixed 2r
Because right here, the reason I didn't trade it was because I wanted this imbalance right here. That was the only reason. I had a feeling I was going to go higher. But looking back, I'm like, damn, I could have utilized my strategy. I could have done a fixed 2R because where would I have wanted to be all the way out at? This imbalance, for sure, at the base of it. If even that, if I wasn't using a fixed 2R.
But I could also see, you know, you look at it from, okay, well, the impulse move of the morning, which at that time was this right here. You would look, okay, well, I'm going to take it up to here. And then it does this and you're like, oh, it's just coming back to break even to mitigate this fair value gap. I'm good. You know, and then you get shit on. But the reason that would have happened was just the draw on liquidity was very clearly lower.
And again, it all comes back to understanding ranges. A lot of people, especially people that are new to this with just the 2022 ICT stuff, I don't think that there's a good enough explanation of ranges. And what I've seen, I haven't finished all the way. I've watched probably like the first half of it. But I recommend a lot of people, if you just have watched that, try to get your hands on some of the 2016 stuff. It's a lot more in depth. And I think it was really complicated. So I think that his goal was to try to simplify it.
And it's a great info for 2022. I'm not saying it's not, but there is some stuff that I think is left out. What's up, Zamir? I see you in the comments. What's up, Zero? Oh, man, I'm fucking sleepy today.
Yeah, coming out of the lunch hour, I'll watch for a five-minute low to get taken. I probably wouldn't sell anything here, just even if the sell opportunity does arise. I'm just not really feeling it. I may regret it, may not. But I'm showing a little desire to move higher here. Nothing really insane. Most likely we'll, if I had to guess, come back up into the same bounce and maybe even make a new low.
Any tips on being more disciplined with overtrading? Yeah, for sure. I mean, really just come up with a system. Here, you know what? I'll share you guys something. One second. Try to figure out how to get this on my computer screen the quickest. So here's some free game for you guys. Let me send this to myself on Discord or send it to... Then I'll put it on the screen.
And what I'm going to share with you guys is just this little notes document that I read every day before I trade. Oh, it's way too large. How's it way too large? I'll already post. Oh, I just do like this. So here's the first set. I just trade NQ, ES, and Bitcoin. And this is for my funded. I do have a little Binance that I will take trades on, on futures, but it's more of like a personal account. And that's where I give signals from. I just don't like giving signals that I'm not also in.
no trading on weekends or nfp fomc days trading hours 8 30 to 11 1 p.m to 3 p.m if there's high impact news in either time window i wait till it's at till it's over i only trade liquidity raids basically you know daily four hour one hour or 15 minute area of liquidity has to get rated to give me a framework
I always double check my orders because believe it or not, I have done some really dumb shit, especially MetaTrader. Never exit a trade or cancel the limits till it has been stopped or the targets have been met. And this was one that was actually quite recently. I shared it on stream. I don't know how many of you guys were here, but it was sad. It was literally like a trade. Front ran my limits.
and i was like i'm canceling it then it came back to my limits and went instantly like four hour and like two one minute candles so that was a lesson learned that the narrative if it hasn't played out you know um don't don't sit it out
Trim 50% if you're moving into the lunch. And this is one that's a little bit of discretion for me. Remember, these are for me. For instance, if I'm barely in profit with a trade that I entered 11.15, I probably won't trim moving into lunch. But if I'm in a trade that I got in at 10 a.m. or 10.30 that's in decent profits, I'll trim some off of it before moving to the lunch because the lunch will be pretty inefficient. Zero asked why.
7.30 and not 8.30. Yeah, player, I did take off ETH because the TP hit. It says it right there. We took a trade on ETH, and then I canceled the limits, but it was just because the full target hit.
But for 830 for indices is like a player. So that's when you're going to see more of the bank open. But I mean, well, I mean, that's banks are trading before that. But it's just where I see value. Just 7 a.m. would be more for like 4x. If you're trading like 4x dollar pairs, then yeah, watch at 7 a.m. But this is more because remember, I'm just trading indices and Bitcoin, which is basically like indices ugly stepchild.
3 p.m. I always will break even stops. Now, it says no break even stops on indices. This is before, you know, like 3 p.m. Or like, let's just say I'm in a trade. We've went over this a lot recently. If you're in a trade that hasn't hit your target and it's still close, don't get scared and break even your stops. That's why I said they can't see it very good. Damn. Yeah, I can share it on Twitter. I don't know why it's not good. It should be good. Can I do this? I don't know.
But 4 p.m. I close in full. I don't swing anything on my funded account. I'm just done. No matter where it's at. Usually I'm out much before then, to be honest. Zamir, for your euro dollar, really 2 a.m. Eastern time, like 2 a.m. New York time is where you want to be active with euro dollar, in my opinion.
Two losses in a day. This is kind of to answer the question. I know we went on a tangent from this, but I figured this would help some of you. If I have two losses in a day, I stopped trading. Now, this doesn't matter if I'm up five, like if I take five wins, which I don't really trade that much. Let's say I take three trades and they're all winners and then I lose twice. That's still two losses. So I'm done at that point.
And then no break even stops on indices. That's more for, like I said, whenever you're pretty early in the trade and you don't want to get scared and do something stupid. That's the reaction here.
Yeah, I mean, if this was playing out after lunch, I would probably take a trade. I'll still paper trade it. Do not go trade this and blame me if you take a loss because like I said earlier, time and price is important, but this is the kind of price action. Just to give you guys an example, this is if it was the right time, something I would look for, but it's not, so it's automatically lower probability.
This is a good example of, let's just say it plays out. So I said, oh, why didn't you take it? Well, the odds were in that trade's favor, but the odds for me automatically decrease when we're in this lunch hour. So every trade and every model has odds. You have your percentage of how much it works and how much it doesn't. Those odds automatically decrease in your favor if you're trading at the wrong time.
But just so you can see this is the kind of price action I would want to see after 130 But I don't think this will hold I think this will probably get ran But just to show you guys what that would look like We'll see I'll just hide it. I want some demons to join like midstream and just oh look long. He's calling longs
Oh, there's a bunch of stuff. Somebody said, how many years trading? Full time, like two and a half. But overall, I've dabbled in markets since like 2014, but never like really seriously intraday trading or anything like that. I thought I was a day trader. Thanks for sharing. Yeah, no problem.
Oh, yeah. So banks. So, OK, so to clear that up, banks are entering at seven banks worldwide are entering during London session. It's it's not necessarily about when the banks are entering. Right. The New York session by ICT for 4x starts 7 a.m. in New York time. You're not wrong. I just don't trade at that.
Sometimes I see you look back and then we're like, okay, there's a good entry. But most of the good pre-market entries, in my opinion, happen around 8 to 8.30. If there are good pre-market entries, that's just my opinion. But if you have something different, it works for you, then don't let me sway that. So he said silver and also asked about Bitcoin. I have not gone over Bitcoin. Yeah, so look at that. Nice little reaction off that gap.
Silver, we'll do silver first. I think I was actually was looking at this recently. It didn't look too, too hot. Jesus Christ. Let's go ahead and mark this chart up. Yeah, this one, this is an interesting one. If I go to the monthly, I think you'll probably trade down into this. 1667. So I said at what time, what about crypto?
what time or about what time sorry my shit's lagging about um what about crypto at what time do i like for setups same with indices and really for crypto i don't but i'll trade during the asian session um i'm more trading like the 15 minute for entries on crypto than um i am like trading like intraday i just think it's a waste of time to trade intraday complete waste of time um yeah like you said zp i i really encourage people to
Please don't only trade crypto. It's just, you're wasting your talent and your time. But gold overall, I think is drawing down. So I would say this monthly candle, we still got 17 days. I think this monthly candle has a lot of potential to reach this number. We also already had kind of our monthly power of three. We had the first two weeks, I'm sorry, first week, big push up.
In October, we took out... Now, remember, we talked about power three. The whole concept is the open high-low close. So, for instance, if we make the open right here, then we go up, we try to make the monthly high. Why is it likely that's going to be the high? Because we have equal highs right here. Price takes that liquidity. Now we're expanding towards the true narrative. So then we'll probably come back down somewhere in here and bounce up, and then you'll have that close, and this will be your bottom wick.
So the candle would look on the monthly or something like this. Get rid of this. See what I mean? Now this is all speculation, but this is what I think the draw on liquidity is that monthly order book.
I know it's ugly, but you guys get it. That's kind of just how you can use that same ideology because all we're looking at is accumulation, manipulation, distribution. That's all the market's ever doing. And you can basically use the lower timeframes to kind of build as building blocks to the higher timeframe candles. So if I think this higher timeframe candle is going to be a fat wick down into this and it's going to bounce, I can actually try to layer that through the weekly chart.
And oftentimes you're going to see that false move before the true move, which is what exactly we saw here. Pushed up above equal highs, massive rejection. Smart Money bought, or I'm sorry, sold to all these buyers. So on the daily chart, you've got very clear areas of liquidity we're running for. And now this is something where somebody could get mixed up and say, oh, well, the daily range is bullish, right? But remember, what's the daily range operating within the context of the weekly range, right?
Well, the weekly range is pretty clearly bearish, but what's that operating within the monthly? So what do we think the monthly is doing, right? Is the monthly really showing any desire so far to hold this fair value gap or this massive, Jesus, I got to fix that. Oh, that didn't fix it. Anyways, you guys get the point. This probably will, I can draw another one.
But we did not hold this massive fair value gap. Price came into it. It's not really indicative that this is where we're going to reverse. So I look for the next clear area of institutional sponsorship, which is this order block. Very key level here. Maybe not the very top. I'm not saying we're going to pip it and then run to the moon. But I do think that if silver has any hope for any kind of short-term rally, it'll be here. And the reason is, if you look what that candle did, it took out liquidity over how many years? Four or five years.
worth liquidity and it was oh it's the covet candle of course should have known better so we look price you know was traveling where was it traveling the last recession was the 08 candle right not not the essence like the oa candle a candle during the that market crash the covet candle was we all know it's just one month and then it was money printers go on
But with the monthly chart, I really focus on order blocks. So for instance, you know how to look over here. You see that's where we bounced off of. And I use the largest volume candle. So like between these two, I'm going to look at the one that has the bigger body. I'm saying with these two, I'm going to look at that one.
Same with these two. I'm going to look at this one on the lower candle. You could maybe try to look at this, but that had already been traded all through. But this candle took a lot of liquidity. So it's going to be a very pivotal area where we'll see, we should see some form of relief. But even though I'm looking at it in that context, I'm not going to just set a buy there or start to have a bullish narrative there. I need the candles to tell me that. So for instance, let's just say we get out in here.
And then that's the weekly view. Then the daily starts to do this. Okay. Well, that's going to tell me this weekly range might, you know, start to get retraced, whatever we've formed at that point. And again, that's why I think it's really important. Drawing liquidity is better than trying to say, you know, like this is what Wyckoff will have people doing. They'll be like, okay, we're going to go here, here, and we're going to come up, clean out all these highs. We're going to go to a distribution schematic.
And then we're going to go for the liquidity. It's just like, you don't need to know any of that. You don't, that's just going to create a lot of problems for you because you're going to have a narrative that you want to impose on the market. And you got to be right at that point. You know, you've put so much time into it and like you have built a story that is like, it's real to you. It's going to happen. But that's a dangerous road to go down because then you start to force that and impose that.
Somebody said, there's a couple. I was thinking about it. Did I notice that, too, on the high timeframe, price usually rejects from OBs without taking buy side or sell side before? Yeah, on the monthly charts, you'll see a lot of times. I mean, even in this example, it did take the buy side. Like, for instance, price traveled into the order block.
Fake reaction, just come down and rebalance, then price took that liquidity. And then at that point, then you had this range where you need to come into a discount. At that point, once we take the external liquidity, then where are we going? We have to go back down. I shouldn't say we have to, but we're likely to go back down to a discount. That's exactly what price did. It took a while. It took years, actually. Well, not years, but like a year and a half, but it did.
But I think overall gold or silver is next stop is that 1667. And that's on a Wanda is the feed. Bitcoin is what we'll go over next. Nice reaction so far. Although with corn, I almost think it wants to go lower. We'll see. I mean, it'd take a little while, but I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if it doesn't. You know, when I look at this big impulse move we've had, here's the main imbalance I would look at. I'd go to 15 minute and try to refine that.
Got an unmitigated imbalance with equal lows. So I think overall that would be the draw. But, you know, with Bitcoin, we have to take into account that we did just, I don't know, because it did feel this imbalance. Interesting. So what I was going to say is we have to take into account that it took this low right here. And, you know, the 15 minute gave us that market structural shift all the way down here.
That showed the desire that it wanted to go higher, you know, and it did it went into that daily imbalance So, you know, there's no Law golden rule that says we have to come back into here. That's it originally where I wanted us to push but you know, if you see this kind of price action Bitcoin I came into the other drawn liquidity, which is that daily imbalance and then what happened structure shift
So now price at this point seems like overall, you know, it wants to move down because the daily chart, you know, we're using, man, fuck trading with you, dude. Let me get this shit together. But yeah, we came up into this order block and this imbalance and the 15 minutes showing the desire to go down. It's a Friday too, so it's going to be weird over the weekend. Overall, I really wanted us to come up here. Like really, really wanted us to come up here. It's just too clean.
But you have to take that into account. So what I would look at here, maybe a little bit of a move up into this imbalance. Bitcoin kind of has a mind of its own. I personally like alts here better than Bitcoin as far as longs. I mean, we're reacting nice to this imbalance, but it's not in a discount. So to me, it's not really the highest probability.
but i mean i've seen bitcoin do this and just off the races if i were to want to be a buyer in bitcoin i would need the low time frames to come down at this area and that's where i want to see some kind of indicative price action that we do want to go higher
How many assets trade example per day? To be honest, I really mainly focus on one. I trade Bitcoin, NQ, and ES, but lately I've just been watching ES. I just like the way it's moving better lately, and so I'm sticking with that. So I really would say one. If you're day trading and scalping or any kind of moves like that, I think it's better to focus on one asset because you won't overtrade. You learn to...
build a narrative and kind of have like that detailed expectation of what you want at a price. And you can build an if-then strategy like, well, if this happens and I get my entry model, then I'll enter. If it doesn't happen, then I will sit. You know what I mean? And it starts to build that kind of disciplined character as a trader that you're going to need to be successful. So I would recommend one when you're starting.
Market maker, sell model, 15-minute Bitcoin. Yeah, actually, that is pretty clean, to be honest. I definitely can see it. I would have wanted this consolidation. I'm not sure if you're referring to this, which I'm guessing you are, but I would have wanted this to be a little bit cleaner, but I definitely can see what you're pointing at. And that would be more of the daily bias. If we took this and we start to see that move down, you might finally get these lows, which would be ideal.
I really wanted to see this imbalance, man. So I don't think this is where we're going to just hold out, but we'll see. So he said, what's the most optimal time to trade crypto? I recommend New York session. Asian session has some good trades sometimes too, but I think New York is more consistent. What's he doing?
That would have been a nice little move. I don't think it would have hit a target, the little paper trade. So that's why I don't like trading during lunch. You'll have some annoying shit like that happen. But I'm giving small gains, but nothing really worthwhile. Who knows, it could reverse and it's in balance again.
Yeah, I won't force anything today, specifically what I'm looking for. New York session is from 7 to, some people say 4, but 7 to 5 p.m. I think is what ICT goes by. You're talking about the kill zone. And it's 7 to 9. And then London closes 10 to 11. But with, I mean, I would mainly focus on...
like same with indices and if you're just trading bitcoin i would really make sure to watch s p and n q because that's bitcoin's kind of like their sidekick at this point like you're not going to get what you want out of bitcoin unless it agrees with indices that's just not happening
But on that note, where do I trade stocks? I traded on my funded account. I use MetaTrader, but you can trade on Thinkorswim. You can trade on Webull. There's a lot of different, even Robinhood, but I wouldn't recommend Robinhood. Thinkorswim is probably the best other than MetaTrader. But yeah. Well, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here.
Won't be back on YouTube till Monday. Everybody that's in the private server will have a class tomorrow If you want to sign up for a free trial so you can be a part of the class tomorrow The link is in the description this video just make sure you use the code Casper all caps so you can get a free trial And if you have any questions, you guys know how to get at me. I will see you guys tomorrow. Peace
