This is Emery Gams, a top trader at a nine-figure fund. He started his journey as a retail trader 16 years ago, but has been an institutional trader for the last decade. Fast forward to today, he has made multiple millions from trading alone. I flew him out to my trading floor here in Nashville to spend the day together and see exactly how he trades. And when we sat down at the charts, I had no idea just how insane that this was going to be. I'll let you do a little introduction, Emery.
Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, man. He's super humble, by the way. That's going to be way cooler than what he says. Yeah, I've been trading professionally. When I say professionally, I mean at an institutional level for over 10 years now. But I started off trading my own money. You know, like I come from retail and then I crossed over to the institutional side. I've always worked on the buy side of the industry. So that means not like on the bank side, which typically sell products and services to the buy side.
So my background is working on a real prop trading desk. I then got headhunted by a Wall Street guy named Andy Krieger. Andy's pretty famous in the Forex world. He's responsible for, frankly, some of the biggest Forex trades that you have heard about and some even bigger ones that you haven't heard about. And I've been working alongside him for...
what is it, the last seven, eight years or so working with his hedge funds. My experience largely is in options, but I trade directionally in futures markets as well. You know, I mean, I've been in this game for a long, long time. And yeah, that's, you know, that's a little bit about me. I recently did the Words of Risen podcast, you know, so if you want to check me out there, you can. Yeah, it was a good episode too.
It was a really good episode that is in your favor. If those areas hold and create like another little reversal on any retraces that, you know, gives you that continuation. That's where I look at it's like, okay, cool. Now I've got like a new kind of line on the sand. Like I don't want to get it a pass there. And that's a lot of times is like finding the directions, one thing, and then framing the trade and getting good risk on it as another, right? So we've got right here, this is where I would start to at least watch. So we've got this.
Let's see, where is that? 121, roughly. 130.
at that 121 to 130 range. I want to say a little bit more before I get into a trade about what we're watching that area. I want to see if we can dig into it again. So the way I read this is from the open, we had a strong sell-off, right? That to me is value migrating. Now the question is, can we accept? Are we going to accept that migration lower as being part of a new rotation towards finding fair value? So when we have this range here that we can see on bookmap, like this sideways range,
For me, that's a mini auction. And we're now negotiating fair value in that range. So where are traders going to get trapped? Probably buyers at the top, probably sellers at the bottom. So the mistake I see a lot of traders make is they're going to go short, like right at the bottom of the range. Or if they're looking for reversal, they're going to be buying as the market's trading towards the top of the range and not giving the range enough time to play out. Because now we need to see buyers and sellers exchange inventory.
We need to see them agree that this little range is fair value so that value can start migrating again successfully. Right. That's a good way to put it. I think having that deep understanding is so powerful, too, because then you it makes decision making and patience and like, you know, discipline. A lot of times people have like think they have discipline problems and it's not that as much as like you just have to have clarity on like why you're having discipline. Right. Like, why would you be disciplined at this point? That's a great way to put it.
So like right now, it's like we're negotiating the upper value, like the value area high of this micro range. So if we fail here, that to me, like that's the ideal place where I'd want to look for a short. On the other hand, if we migrate higher from here, then that new micro, like the micro range that we broke out from, that's where I want to see price return and start building a thesis for buying the market instead. If we can hold that range on the way back. Right. So you're saying that basically come down here. Yeah.
yeah yeah no i agree that's that's kind of like the same same way that i like to to look at it as like where did the tipping point happen yeah like for example like here i would look at it like really these you know kind of this top of this range right here if you came back down into it and then watch to see if you get that second reaction and then you know or really depends too like sometimes i'll trade a little bit more aggressively if you have like a large injection of of buyers a lot of it is just like getting clear on what you're waiting for and then the patience kind of does uh
take care of itself to some degree it's you know still you know still trading right we gotta gotta have love for the respect for the game so at this point too like i'll start to mark out that because it's just not gonna act like it's selecting um mark out this initial range right here and kind of see where we um you know start to pay attention to because now we've got our levels um if we start to push back up and reverse from the bottom of this down here
into the upside that would also give a little bit more confluence as well just with that first candle set up so now we're going to see how we how do these buyers actually hold up yeah that's that's the big interesting test for me because if they don't hold here we're going to probably fall out the bottom right that's exactly what i'm thinking too there's not really much and how do you like look at because a lot of times i'll notice with you know there's so much spoofing and stuff with with far out limit passive orders you know and then there's icebergs too um but
I always pay attention to the ones that are more close by than far away. Yeah, for sure. You're always going to see big limits at obvious levels, big round numbers. If you go down to 25, I guarantee there's going to be a big order there. Do those orders mean anything? Yes and no. The best way to think about spoofing is to think of it like bluffing in poker. I'm going to get into a sell at 160 as a stop.
or actually i'll do 150 give a little bit of a little bit of when is it trading you just change that don't don't hit okay i was gonna be so sad dude i was like that's happening then it just runs and i'm like bro no way it just did that so i'm just gonna keep an open tp on this for now i want to watch 25k though um and then kind of watch this thing for active management as well
Now, the reason for this is we had that move to the downside. Buyers attempted to step in here, and it just does not seem like they're getting much love. Overall stop, I was just going to place it up here because this market has been a little erratic. Like on Monday, if you guys were here, that last trade we took would have, I just had to stop too tight on it for this market, I think. So now I'm giving myself a little bit of room. Smaller size, that's okay.
But that's kind of the logic behind the trade is we had that initial move down. A lot of aggression set in the market. It is being rewarded. So I want to kind of see this held up. If we can get some kind of retracement, a little pop back up, and then a second leg down, that's where I would start to de-risk, but not until then, most likely, unless we get a very large injection of more aggressive sellers. Sorry to interrupt, Emery. No, it's all good. So what I love about this type of setup is that the thesis is momentum, right?
Here, you're looking at a momentum trade. The one thing from a psychology perspective that you guys need to understand with this type of setup is when you're shorting the break, that is a very logical place to short. Know that the chances of you catching like the perfect entry and the market just running straight to your TP is almost 0%. You are going to get this kind of pop, right? The question is, okay, why would I not wait for a bit of a pop or the retracement? And the answer is straightforward.
the whole point of technical analysis is to frame your risk relative to your potential reward so so long as the reward relative to the risk makes sense the entry itself like i see a lot of people obsessing about the perfect entry the perfect entry does not exist sometimes you'll top tick the market sometimes you'll bottom tick the market that's not the purpose of good trading in my opinion the purpose of good trading is to have a thesis and be on side with the market who's in control
We saw right now that buyers tried to take control back. They failed to do so, right? Sellers are in control. That's the thesis behind the trade. So so long as you're on side with who's in control in the market, your risk is tolerable, and the open reward makes sense, you're in a good position. That's how I would read it. Yeah, I love that. That's a really good way to put it. Because I know that that is a big thing, especially trading props that people struggle with is...
that non instant, you know, we all we all love when that does happen, right? That's our favorite, favorite day. Our favorite days to trade, but it's just not good to expect it or or look at a challenge to that is bad because then you start to make impulsive decisions. Trading becomes stressful. And I think as well as what's really important is like you have to look at at every single day, especially when you're learning every day is like a class. It's a lesson if you let it be.
but the higher your cortisol gets the more stressed you are the more like frantic you are you're like blocking out it's almost like you have like a set of headphones that can deafen a really good teacher talking to you and you're just sitting there with the best teacher in the world which is the market and if you're anxious and stressed out you're just deaf to it right so i think that that's another important thing is understanding that you know it's normal to you take losses it's normal to have a trade
um go against you for a little bit before you win it's normal to maybe get stopped out once on an idea and then have to swing again you know um that's kind of the and once you start to shift perspective like that's why when we say whenever i say like you know mindset is so important and stuff it's not so much about like just general trading psychology i think is more about like just how you think in general um and like the way that you frame yourself before you know putting on risk before getting active in the market
And when you do that, you don't really care too much about losses. As long as you're managing a risk responsibly, a loss shouldn't kill you. A couple losses shouldn't kill you either, especially when you're learning. And trading starts to actually be more fun in a way. Not like fun in a gambling way, but fun in a way where it's not stressful. And I know for me, until I started to do that, I didn't really see as much progress because when you're stressed, it's like any of the progress you do see, you get this kind of imposter syndrome.
And it's like the first thing that challenges it. You're like, I knew it. I knew it. I don't know. It was luck. And then you kind of get on this death cycle that most traders go through. And it's okay if that happens. It's going to happen to everybody. But I think the better you can.
you know, the better you can frame yourself out of that, or the sooner the better, I should say. So now we're getting this kind of same thing we saw over here. We wanna see what happens within this little range right here, right? Now the market's kind of agreeing on this. We wanna see, does it get accepted? Do we see the market make another push down? So we'll bounce around a little bit here, kind of watch how we act at each side of the range. Right now, I'm not gonna do anything with this trade.
We've got an entry at pretty much just under where we're at right now. I've still got my stops right at this 150. You know, where we're at right here, if we look, 150 is going to be up in this range. So I don't really want to see us get above that. I'm not going to move it down too aggressively yet. Now, once we kind of make a move out of this range, let's hope we do. I should say once we do. If we do, then I'll start to move up my stops again at that point.
That's kind of what I mean when I say I could get a little bit of a retracement, whether that range forms, whether it's like a one-shot retracement, whatever it is. I kind of want to see that second footprint confirming my idea before I just start getting really antsy with risk management. And so if I may, this pattern that we're seeing right here, this is called bracketing, where we're negotiating a new value area high, value area low in the auction. So it's also really important when you're in a trade to know.
why you would be wrong if you get stopped out. That helps me at least handle my losses so much better, right? Because I know that the thesis here, and I love this setup. I take the setup 10 out of 10 times, and I might get stopped out roughly 45 to 47% of the time on a setup like this, and that's fine. But the reason the setup would fail is because you can see at 80 right now, there's a large passive buyer there. And if we break through here, we're at a break point where the tape is going to speed up.
very, very shortly. Like we're seconds away from a big move happening. Throughout this video, you may have noticed that I was answering other people's questions. And this is because all of this you see was literally done live in front of a room full of traders just like you. So if you want to get access to these trading rooms, I'll leave a link down in the description where you can apply to join my mentorship. But I want to be very clear that not everyone who applies will get accepted due to the intensive nature of the mentorship.
but if you qualify then i guarantee you will become a funded trader in 12 weeks or i will personally trade with you until you are i'll leave the link down in the description if you want to apply otherwise enjoy the rest of the video we're either going to be able to blow through the passive orders that are sitting there and they're not really reloading yet so now the market is giving permission to sellers to take the market lower what sellers have to do is step up and start hitting
those bids lower and lower and lower very aggressively if they fail to do so that's when this type of setup is going to reverse and we're going to see a pop through the top side of this bracket so that's the thesis it's based on aggressive sellers continuing to to put their feet on the necks of buyers here right so we can see we're blowing through that large buy limit order and what's happening right now
is we're going to see that big pop, right? So what we should see now is that aggression. We want to see sellers keeping their foot on the gas, and now we should see an acceleration lower if this setup is still valid. That doesn't mean that we can't pull back into the bracket. It just means it was a failed auction out the bottom, right? It doesn't invalidate the setup. It's just like, ah, okay, that's a bit of a mark against the setup in real time right here right now. It doesn't invalidate the idea. Exactly.
And that's like what we always talk about too is like understanding like when you're wrong, why you're wrong. That way you can either maybe say, hey, okay, this idea was invalid. But you also know when not to say that as well. And it helps you with stop trailing. It helps you with the overall mentality of things. It also will help you stay nimble. Because a lot of times like a big question I get from you guys is like on days where we'll take maybe a loss on one side and we'll have this big idea.
And then I'll go into another direction. And some of you guys are like, well, isn't that switching up on your plan? Isn't that over trading? And it's the answer is no, right? Like the answer is at the end of the day, you know, you have to be nimble because there's going to be a lot of times when you're wrong, right? But I think when you think about it more like this, you start to become a little bit more thick skin because you're not looking at a normal situation, which is like the market giving you feedback and data as like the end of the world. You kind of look at it like, okay, cool. Well, you know, how am I going to utilize that information?
how am i going to be able to either pivot or make the right decision or um you know learn from it that's that's the big takeaway and i think that a really big thing that can help with uh you know a lot of your guys trading and using some of these concepts is it gives you that so now we're kind of seeing what emory's talking about just popping back into that range we're going now to the high side don't really have a lot of passive sellers in this market here so i want to keep a close eye on this and kind of just see how we react here and then going into the um
uh let's go into the actual profile of the day because i have that we're signing still here just kind of chilling out at the value area low we have traded a lot of volume here um but i want to see price kind of reflect this i want to see us start to make that move down sooner than later if we're going to make it um but still going to keep the trade on for as of right now
i want to watch it pretty closely though um and kind of just see how we migrate through this range because now we're starting to see again that bracketing that emory was talking about so when it goes both ways you can kind of watch it again we're literally watching in real time the market value this this chart right like what where is fair value at um are we establishing that lower who is in control the market and that's the value of understand not no pun intended but the value of understanding how to use these tools and um kind of getting over the
oh, it's complicated perspective because it can be really powerful. And, you know, anything is complicated when you first learn it, right? Once you systematize it and have a deep understanding of it, you can make the process of using it much more simple than, you know, using every last bit of it. So one thing I also noticed here too, is we did see some aggression stepping in on the buy side, right? So we have CVD raising pretty aggressively. You don't really see price reflecting that too much. We did get somewhat of a higher high here. Like if you want to look at this on a price chart.
Um, we did see a nice little pop out, but I would say it's too early to say that this is like a successful breakout. Right. Um, I'd say at this point, it's still kind of going, it could go either way. Now I'm kind of watching like what happens at this, this up here, the same thing happening. Now we've see a 60, 66, uh, contracts stacking up right here around that 25, 100. Now I kind of want to watch what happens there. Um, cause that'll be the next, you know.
area i always like to look at it like you're kind of like watching for someone running in the dark and when they come to certain key levels it's like you've got a spotlight and you can actually see what they're doing you know i want to see it make a move soon if i'm gonna stay in this one not a huge size on it but still nonetheless i do still like the setup though and here's the thing too guys like if if we play the coin flip game like heads i win tails you lose if for every flip of the coin
You know, when I win, I win $2. And for every time you win, you only win $1. You know, even though it's a coin flip, I'd flip that coin as long as you want to keep playing. Right. That's a good way to put it. Very, very, very true. Right. And I would say that right now.
Given how long we've bracketed, given that sellers have had a chance to really make a run for it and they failed, given buyers have tried to push the upside, they failed, it is becoming a coin flip. So you have to start weighing the probabilities and start identifying those breakpoints. We can see very clearly, I like to think of the game as like this auction, it's a poker game. And at some points in a poker game, you're wondering what cards other players are holding. That's the bluff.
nobody's bluffing anymore we know where sellers want to defend we know where buyers want to defend we're waiting for that last turn to cut that last car to to come up and and that's going to determine who's going to win so what i want to keep an eye on is the tape so if you look over a book map where it says like cob that column like that's where we see the interaction between aggressive market participants and the passive liquidity sitting in the order book right now the tape is a little bit slow
As we get to the lower and upper ends of this bracket, we're going to see the tape start to speed up. So when I say we're seconds away from a break point in the market, it has to do largely with the location of where we're at, but also the interaction between passive and aggressive liquidity. So still, tape's pretty slow. I know price is moving, but the tape hasn't really picked up speed yet. As we head closer to, let's say it's, you know, if we get closer to 100, watch the tape start to speed up. Same if we get...
lower down to 75. Yeah, that's another, that's another good way of, we actually had this conversation at dinner last night. I remember a long time ago, I talked to Umar, Umar Ashraf, because he's the first person that really like started to push like volume profile. He's like, you need to look into this. It's pretty much what you're doing. Not volume profile, but footprints. And that way he was like, yeah, like use the tape. I was like, well, how do you use it? And he's like, just, you just look at it a long time and get good at it. And I was like,
Well, that didn't really help me at that time, but Emory actually said it really good. It's really just the speed of the tape and how fast are you either, you know, hitting the bit or the ask. You'll be able to see it speed up like Emory said, but that's the best way to put it is like the speed at which the tape is moving. That can kind of give you that early confirmation that some kind of big move is going to happen. Now, obviously, you need to pair that with other.
tools at your disposal, but that's, you know, kind of like when you're watching for that entry confirmation or maybe a continuation out of a range like this, really just that next kind of market, the market moving from balance to imbalance, you will see that tape speed up rapidly right before that happens. Now, obviously you need other tools to understand which way you're thinking that that is going to result in. But it is a valuable tool to kind of keep an eye on. I think it's a good, easy way to teach it.
Yeah, and a good way to think about the market here is passive liquidity determines where the market can go. So if there's a huge sell order sitting at 100, for example, that's the roadblock that buyers have to be able to break through. Whether they break through it or not depends on aggressive liquidity. So how many orders are hitting the tape at the market? So we can see there was a big order at 100. It was bigger than the 68 orders I see there.
but those orders didn't reload right so that that tells me something that tells me that sellers now are selling at the market more so than they are selling passively up above what is that a sign of that's a sign that sellers are trying to get very aggressive here right they're trying to get very aggressive now we're nearing a break point i think this bracket is going to resolve very very soon and we're going to get that big move
But given how aggressively sellers try to move the market lower and we got that little failed auction here right now, you know, I think they're going to try one more time. And if they can't look for that, those passive orders sitting at 100, I see 69 right now. We want to see if those orders keep reloading or if they vanish and buyers are able to blow right through it. Correct. Yeah. Very good way to explain it.
And when you understand it like this, guys, you're not going to stress about losers. You're not going to stress about getting stopped out because you understand why it's happening. When you don't know why you got stopped out, that's when you start asking, what could I have done differently? Should I have been on the other side this whole time? And the answer is oftentimes no. You have an idea, you have conviction behind it, you put on the trade with whatever size is appropriate, and the rest is not up to you. It's not up to you. You don't have control over it.
And I think it helps a lot, too, with the waiting game, too, as well, because that's the hardest thing, I think, for traders is kind of just waiting and sitting on your hands, whether that means not messing with a trade you're in or maybe it means not taking a trade. Just the idea of being able to be at ease comes from understanding, right? Like if you're like if somebody told you to go into a speech and you hadn't prepared for the speech and you had no idea what the topic was on.
you're going to be anxious as hell. There's no amount of fortitude or discipline that can fix that. It's going to be uncomfortable. Same goes for the market. If you go into the market and don't really understand what's going on or why, no matter what, you're going to be in a stage of excitement. Now that could be excitement, meaning your emotions are high, not in a good way. That could be through fear. It could be through anxiety. It could be through frustration. It could be through euphoria. It could also be through in a good way.
I put air quotes on that good way. Because again, like whenever there's not that logic there, you are much more susceptible, I should say, and you have to focus on that you want to think of yourself like that strong, you know, that strong rooted tree.
So now I'm going to see this. I want to see if we actually hold out of here. It seems like we're trying to pop. Something's going to be, like Emery said, we're going to see at least one way or the other soon. We're kind of having this battle play out. We're starting to see the tape move a little bit faster here. Notice how the tape is thin, like the order book is thin right here. So what this means is that there's a lot of aggressive orders. Market buys, market sells hitting the tape.
that that's actually really interesting because now now we're at the point like you know i love my freaking metaphors but like if you think of this as a boxing match this is where someone's gonna get knocked out someone's gonna get knocked out very very soon i i believe that this was actually a resolution to an auction not a false auction so we're gonna see the negotiation happen right here right now and it's gonna it's gonna tell us very very soon yeah i think that's really powerful as well for a lot it's just i think that the big thing is just being able to
have that sense of calmness, right? No matter what happens, because it comes from a place of understanding. So now we'll see if we can, if we pull back up towards this 100, kind of like Emery was saying, if those get, if we start to absorb buyers there, if those get blasted through by buyers, that's really going to be, I think, more of the kind of market showing us as handy if that does happen. On the other side is just to see if we get that follow through to the downside here. Considering how long this, this good question, considering how long this range is playing out.
would it make sense to move the stops to above 100 i i personally don't think so until you've hit into it because what can happen is like let's say if you hit into this you're gonna get some kind of like jagged move most likely like and i don't necessarily know like for example like let's say if we hit into this um aggressive buyers pop into it it can jab up and then sell right off so you don't want to put yourself in that position where um
you know like because you gotta remember these aren't it's not like a you don't want to think of this like okay this is a for sure wall it's going to hit right here and go down usually hit here and get really volatile and if like let's say if sellers are in control you'll see that jab up and then move down so you don't want to be too um uh like too aggressive with that in this scenario
I, so I'm more so like looking at like, where are the really big positioning, big positions in the market that like cause big moves. Right. So like, if we were to zoom out and like, look at this and we start to see very, very large amounts of sellers, right. With the, you know, using book map, not necessarily just waiting sellers, but like where sellers are that like really push the market or absorb buyers. That's kind of like the areas where I would like to put my stop, not so much at the passive areas.
So for me, it's like, let's say if we hit into this, right, get a nice jab up, then get like a really aggressive move down that new pivot point, that would be a place to put a stop, but not until that happens.
Because I think thinking about it like you want to wait till the smoke clears is a good way to look at it. Because like, again, it's not about so much about knee jerk reactions is like what happens right after that, right? So like if we hit into this, let's say if we get a big spike, now I'm saying, okay, cool. Now I want to see what happens after. Maybe that results in me getting a stop. Maybe it results in a huge move up and I get stopped. That's okay. I'm fine with that. But maybe it results in hitting into this.
a jab really sharp pop up and then all those buyers getting trapped and then i'm like great that's what i want to see that's where i would say okay cool like now let's start de-risking god we had emory on so um let's go through big bubbles in a low movement means we're in a fair value area i would look more so and emory maybe has i would say more so just look at like rain like when we're the price is ranging like even at these micro ranges i would say that it's like now the market is you know kind of creating this
that there's like an exchange right and then once you see the tipping point you're you want to think of like the market is in balance to imbalance right so like you have like very short terms of this sometimes a very long term for this you know you can look at on a very large time frame you could look at a very low time frame the concept still remains um so you know you you see these kind of big moves so we had like a little bit of a balance up here imbalance right now we've had a long-term balance we're trying to see where does that imbalance you know where are we going to rotate to next
So it's not just so much about big bubbles in a small range. I mean, I guess that will happen. You know what I mean? But I think the way to look at it, the way you look at it is important.
does anybody have content to follow yeah i'll drop his twitter um and he needs to make he needs to i'm trying to get him on the content train dude i will yeah i will up my content game for you guys for sure but um he has a twitter i'll drop it in the discord after this i do like i do post some trade breakdowns um like on my ex but it's you know it's only when i when i have time but as jesse said i'll step it up there i i am an order flow guy i mean like it's just
And here's the thing. I think everyone's an order flow trader. It's just whether you know what you're looking at or not. We're all trading order flow one way or the other. It's just how deeply do you understand the liquidity and the plumbing of the market. And it's not a strategy. Order flow is not a strategy. It's literally just a mechanical explanation of why the market does what it does. There's nothing mystical about it. There's no magic about it. It's literally math. It's just math.
Yeah, no, I love it. I love it. That's a really good way to look at it. Because it's more so like adding on a deeper understanding to what you're already doing. Now we're seeing an interesting amount of new sellers kind of stepping in lower, or at least new orders kind of stepping in lower. And these contracts are still here as well. So now we're getting more areas where we can kind of watch to see how the market reacts. And you're also looking at it like, well, now we got to see how these buyers are.
going to interact with these levels, right? That's kind of like what we want to watch for at this point.
So we can see we had 100 orders sitting at 90, and those orders got tapped into and then they vanished, right? So that liquidity has been pulled out of the book. Now it's up to buyers. Like right now, it's up to buyers to decide if they want to keep pushing beyond 90. It's up to them to continue putting their foot on the gas. And if they fail to do so, all those orders that traded up into there are going to become trapped if we start heading lower and lower and lower. So think, guys.
How many people, how many degenerates were buying every spike up into there thinking it's going to break out and shorting every drop into the bottom think it's going to break down? That's how you chop up your accounts. That's how you blow accounts over and over and over again. Instead of just taking your time, making a bet, not trying to predict, just making a bet. This is where the odds are in my favor. This is my risk. I know that my reward is multiples larger.
And then waiting to see what happens. But like we don't have control over what the market's going to do. It's not a prediction game. It's it's all about just framing risk and reward and then placing some conviction behind that idea. Yeah. And just reaction. It's all about like, you know, waiting. You can frame because like at the end of the day, like you guys have seen on this account that I've taken from under 10K to right now it's at 100 and.
77 right so we're at 177 i'm like it was like 184 but uh 183 or something but i've had a 40 i think it's 48 or 49 it's probably gone down a little bit because i've lost a couple trades um probably not much but under a 50 win rate so you know i think a lot of times if if you know a newer trader's like oh like 50 you only you're right half the time you suck
But at the end of the day, I think that, again, it comes down to what Emory said earlier. If you have a coin flip game and it's like every time I win, I win twice. Every time you win, you win one. That's kind of how you have to think of it. And again, when you really accept that risk, and we talk about the idea of accepting, like truly accepting risk. A lot of people think they accept risk. They're like, oh, yeah, I'm cool with it. I'm cool with losing. But it's like you're not, though. You're actually not because when you lose, you're upset.
that you're not you're not cool with it and a lot of that comes down from just a lack of like rational confidence in what you're doing um and that comes down to understanding you know so i think that that's the the big big takeaway for a lot of you guys it's not so much like oh this is the magic pill that's gonna make you a bazillion dollars it's like this is gonna be the understanding that's gonna give you the conviction that even gives you the chance to make money consistently it's not gonna be the only thing but it will be something that can
drastically help in the most problems you guys have which is not so much analysis a lot of you guys are great analysts and if you are just trading on a demo or just like commentating in the market you could probably predict at a pretty high rate what's going to happen but then you go into the market and you end up getting chopped up the reason that happens is more so just because of your reaction to normal occurrences that are going to happen which is losses being wrong trades chopping around days that are just
wrong on both sides where you have wrong entries on both sides. And it all kind of stacks up together into compounding into bad decisions if you look at it the wrong way. So I think it's just so important. It's so important to prioritize building that foundation for
you know that the storms that are to come you kind of got to look at it like you're building a structure like you are the structure your trading business is the structure and there's going to be storms there's going to be sunny days there's going to be days where you go to the park and ride a bicycle and have a picnic we love those days but they don't happen every day right in fact there's less of those days than there are normal days where they're boring just like in real life right and then every once in a while you have those really bad days and in trading
you know you have a really bad day and you let it make all of those rest of those days bad you can erase a lot really fast and then also build that trauma um so again i just cannot stress how important it is to focus on building that understanding and foundation behind what you're doing because it's vital absolutely vital
Michelle had a question and there's a couple other questions too. This is a long consolidation. Does the amount of time that price consolidates ever give you any insight to whether price is more likely to continue or reverse? I think that there is like the concept of acceptance and rejection depending on if you're at a key level. I think that's like a key point. So like in this example, we're still developing and let's see right here. If we look, I look at this like,
you know, we're kind of at this value area low, if we were more under it, and you're just kind of spending a lot of time under a very key area, or like, let's say if you're, I don't know, like under a previous day's low or any kind of key level, and you're really spending a lot of time there, I personally look at that as more likely to continue, even if you get a jet to the upside, and then you would lean towards that. But again, it's not like a guaranteed thing, right? It's just it's, it's more so like a lean, if anything, but you always want to be watching to like what's actually happening, right?
I don't know. And what do you think about that? Is that the way you look at it or? So if we're looking at these things intraday, what I like to do is take a look at the economic calendar and see, do we have news? So, for example, like if we're in a range between, I don't know, like like 8 a.m. and 829 a.m. Eastern at 830 a.m. there's a news event. You know, I know that at 830 a.m. we're going to get a resolution in that range. But, you know.
given the length of the range in terms of time just tells me the more time we spend somewhere, the more time, the more confirmation that the market is accepting that range as fair value. Now, here's another thing to understand. On a day-to-day basis, institutions don't care about the market going up or down. They don't care. What they're trying to do is facilitate trade at fair levels. So they're trying to accumulate inventory.
at valuations that they believe are fair they're not trying to move the market up or down the market goes up or down as a result of one side or the other from an institutional perspective being done accumulating inventory you know buying and selling stocks what we have to remember is this is the futures market a lot of the the movement in the futures market is a result of market makers hedging positions right so a lot of the deal flow in the futures market is due to market makers
hedging market makers cannot hedge effectively if the market is ripping higher or crashing off really aggressively this is the type of price action that market makers love to see because it makes their job really really easy they get to basically buy low and sell high and do that over and over and over again now as directional traders what we want is the opposite we want that range to break right we want that range to break now again the trap that a lot of people fall into is that they'll short
just as we get that pop lower or the buy as we get that spike higher, and they're going to keep flip-flopping back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. That's how you get really, really messed up, right? So, no, the length of time here doesn't really tell me one way or the other, but what it does do, a lot of people, even if they don't realize it, when they're in a trade like this, they have a shot clock in their mind, in their heads. And even if they're not thinking about it, the more time they spend in drawdown with the trade being...
in heat or or not going their way the more likely they are to make an impulsive and emotional decision right so keep keep that in mind as well has the idea been invalidated yet no you know has the idea been proven out to be as strong as it initially looked also no but that's not a reason to do something emotional and impulsive very well put very well but um
I've been on the fences about using book map. Y'all have wanted me over today. Thanks, Emma, for the explanation. You as well. Let's go. Let's go, man. Where do I see that 100 orders is sitting at 2590? So you can see on here this heat map shows you, and then you can also see over here on the book. So now it's 73 roughly. And then if you zoom in, you could probably get a little bit more in the weeds with it. I personally try not to go too crazy with it because you can get the same outcome. You don't need to go unless you're like, you know.
doing some crazy stuff but um you can kind of just see and also to another thing going back to hedging a lot of this at round numbers is going to be hedging because it's based on the options market and there's going to be strikes at that level right so that's where you're going to get a lot of uh a lot of liquidity and why you're going to get round numbers a lot of people think it's just like oh it's a psychological number all the retail traders are that's not actually why it's that there is a lot of uh you know gamma exposure to um
to market makers at those levels in the options market and the way they hedge against that is by buying or selling the underlying right um or with futures not always just the direct underlying do you ever hedge and start up hard stops i don't personally um i used to do that in crypto a long time ago literally when i was very new to trading i used to think i think it's one of those ideas personally i'm sure that he's had experience i just i just feel like it's like a it's almost kind of like
Like in business, you know those people that will have like 10 businesses or like they'll have like too many focuses It's because you don't really believe in any of them
And I get from an institutional, there's probably situations where you hedge, but that's not like buy and sell the same always, unless it's like you're a general, you know, literal market maker. Yes, you might hedge against the risk of the debasement of the dollar or this by buying gold. I do that, you know, that in a way, right? I have a percentage of my long-term investments in gold. That's a hedge to me, but I'm not like intraday trading, buying or like opening up hedge positions. Never.
ever ever ever do that if you're day trading futures never you like here's here's the thing like you're gonna be short es and you're gonna think oh you know i don't want to blow my account let me let me go long es instead or something like that or i'm short minis let me go long you're gonna you're gonna nail it once or twice and feel like an absolute genius and then the next time you're gonna somehow lose money on on your trade and on the hedge you know like it when you have directional exposure
in in the underlying trying to hedge that as a day trader is is so difficult i hedge options right like like a lot of my trade exposure is options so so i'm basically market making for myself against my options that's how i trade um but that's that's very different because my options exposure is longer term right uh but you do not for please please guys whatever you do do not hedge your your day trading it's it's very very difficult to do if not impossible to do
consistently yeah i used to try to do with crypto futures because they let you yeah like they just incentivize you to which is now looking back such an obvious red flag is to not do it um but same with leverage right yeah like people with 100x leverage and stuff um but yeah no i i couldn't agree more i'm gonna take a quick bathroom yeah knock it out
I'm going to go the other side. I don't want to knock down your camera. Oh, yeah. Yeah, there might be some cords over there. It's like pitch black dark. It looks light in here, but it's like pitch black in the rest of the room. I don't think you're going to miss much. I joke that usually the bathroom breaks is when the market starts flying. No, actually, that doesn't happen that much. But it's funny. That's like the most, like when you go to the bathroom and you're in a trade, you're like, I'm done. I'm done for when I come back. I got to hurry.
Uh, great answer, Masha. Okay. Yeah. So like you want to, um, watch the tape picking up, um, at key areas. Um, and really it's just the speed at which this thing is moving. Right. And then you also want to watch, like, you know, are we lifting? Are we hitting the, like, are we, are, is it consistently like moving down lower? You almost want to look at it like a, like a loading bar. Like for example, if it's like up, up, up, up, like you're seeing that aggression in the tape, right? Um, there is a little bit of feel to that.
To be honest, there's some experience that will come from time with that. But that is a very valuable concept. It's actually something I was trying to explore a good way to explain to you guys because I'm trying to roll these kinds of things out. You know, because I've been doing this now with all this stuff for a little over a year now. And when I first learned it, I mean, and maybe this will even kind of give you guys some resolve, some comfort. It's like whenever I first start learning anything, even myself, you know, there's a learning curve, right?
Because I wasn't using a lot of this stuff until a little over a year ago now, almost a year and a half. And I didn't fully incorporate it over because at first I was like, okay, cool. Like I got to make sure that what's making me money right now doesn't get impacted by this thing. And I mean, it's different if you're like already profitable and you're adding more, right, to kind of grow. Or if you're like not profitable and you're just going into this. It's actually easier to learn, in my opinion, if you're not profitable and you're going into something like that.
because then you don't have like that like delicate line you you want to cross it if that makes sense um but like for me like one of the things that was hard to understand was that tape and it did just come with time but um book map in my opinion is the best one to learn on or or like similar tools like this um like where you can kind of visualize it in a little bit of like footprints are really good like they are very very valuable
um but i think that it is a little bit more overwhelming because like you know you have this bid ask ladder you've got all these numbers for a lot of people when they see that they're just like it's like you feel like you just got into like an airplane cockpit you know um but you know i think the bid book map once you get over the look of it because it you know when you first look at it's like whoa like what's that but it's really literally just seeing orders right you're seeing limit orders you're seeing the interaction of traders it's that and volume it's literally it
dude we just dumped 100 points i'm just joking i don't know it looks it looks like we might be um getting uh closer to that but i'm not i'm not gonna jinx this because i think every time i've thought that we immediately reverse yeah i know right here yeah like literally it's like here here here you're always waiting it's like it's so easy to jeopardy music it's so easy to get frustrated by that and let it control your trading but
i mean like how many times have you guys been in a trade where you did something stupid like you got out of the trade too early and then you come back hours later and you're like oh if i had done nothing it would have hit my my target
that still happens to me a lot i mean like not not like even on winning trades and i always have to like because i used to look at it like i would i would have trades that would hit to my target and i would just fully tp and i would see them run further and then i would tell myself you're just being disciplined and then i was like but brother like you're leaving money in the table so i had to that that was where in around like 2024 i started to really move away from just like a full tp yeah
you know what i mean like i didn't really like i would rather yeah or just trail stops yeah trail stops that's like my main thing i barely partial i really just trail you know so now we're starting to see if we can get this pop down we're moving down a little bit towards some of these resting orders down here um we'll see we'll see if it makes it down there eventually but um but yeah that was a big big uh move for me was whenever i stopped just getting so deterministic and like
oh, like I need this to happen by this time, by this, because then you start to put these arbitrary limiting factors on your trading. And I think it also kind of adds stress to it as well.
A hundred percent. And there's no perfect system. There is no perfect system. Like everything in trading is a trade. Like everything has a trade off. I personally trail stops using structure. You know, so as we're breaking lower and lower and lower, I'll trail the most recent like bracket that we've created. And sometimes that works really great. Other times you're going to get stopped out by a couple ticks and the market will break down like another hundred handles. And that sucks. Yeah. Like no matter what you do, it's not going to be perfect.
Right. Like right here, I want to see, depending on how we react, if we get down here, I would want to trail up risks at that moment. But interesting how we're getting this same behavior. We'll see how this actually unfolds, though, because we are starting to get a little bit more aggression here. What I'd like to watch is if we get down into this area, that's where I look at it like, OK, cool. Well, this is going to be judgment day for this move for buyers. Otherwise, you know, at that point, we start to have that same.
back and forth range bound and we do have uh fomc later today as well so if we start to just bounce forever that's where i do start to get more comfortable just de-risking and then just living with the decision but i want to see what we can get here um because we're barely even i mean well we got some money on the table i guess but um the only technical thing i don't like about this trade right now is the cvd divergence that we're seeing in bookmap
right so you can see that as the market has been dropping and making new price lows we can see that that seller aggression has not followed suit correct so what does that what does that mean it means that the market was able to drop not because a ton of sellers hit the tape but because there weren't any passive buyers there willing to buy at that price now that's not that's not as um that's not as aggressive a signal it doesn't mean the market can't drop i'm just saying like that's the big red flag that's setting out to me right now
yeah i agree so at this point this is where i will start to look to just de-risk and just put them i'd maybe even give myself a little bit of space
I'll move it here for now. And then depending on the reaction we get here, I'll probably de-risk and just be okay. Because at the end of the day, where I'm at, I could get ticked out. But, you know, when we get into those situations, it's kind of just like, you know, we're getting, again, like Emory said, we want to see this is where, if that is the case and we haven't seen the reason of the market.
be because of a lot of aggressive sellers we're about to come to that area where there are passive buyers right so if that's still that same theme holds up we could see that reversal from here and then it's like at that point do i want to still be in that trade with full risk on and the answer would be no for me because at that point if we do come back up here and we see what i want then i can just go ahead and i'm going to go ahead and move stops to entry on this actually but then i could just go ahead and enter again that's another thing too is like and again i'm just going to repeat that for you guys because i know some of you guys
will miss i have my stops at my entry now so stops are at entry risk is removed on the trade okay um now really quick reasoning why again for those who weren't um maybe you guys were locked in we're getting this area now like we are seeing some more aggressive step in now right we've started to get to the the low of this range we've started to actually push out of the range and we are approaching this large area of resting orders and passive buyers so the theme so far has been that the reason we've moved down
isn't necessarily because there's this overwhelming aggression on the seller side right um so if we hit into an area where there are ready buyers and there is no aggression from sellers we're not going to push through that so with that being said i'm looking at this like cool okay like here's going to be judgment day for for our position and you know if we're right great fine and dandy you know if we're wrong i just take a break even so that's kind of the logic behind and then let's say if in the market comes up and breaks even
and then we do get a good setup, I can always take that again. But from this idea, like the original idea, I thought that, to be honest, and this would be just being candid, I was not expecting this. And that's okay, right? It happened, then you just react to it. I was expecting based off this, based off the overnight move, based on everything else, I was expecting us to get a really good aggressive move, right? So at that point,
Then I had a stop that I was going to move up quicker if we got that. We didn't get that. So now I'm kind of adapting to the actual reality of the situation, which is that is the idea invalidated on this? Like why we sold? No. Right. But is it as like, do I like it as much as when I push sell? No, absolutely not. That doesn't mean I want to get out of it either. Right. Now I'm in a risk-free trade. Right. I mean, I wouldn't say risk-free to be fair. I think that it's good to think about it. Like at the end of the day, you do need to manage your.
You know, like, for example, theoretically, I'm in a $3,000 risk trade because my account could go, I'm up $3,000 right now. If that goes to break even, I'm not. You know what I mean? Now, it's a slippery slope with that. You know, that is a slippery slope because we don't want to incentivize just the see green, take green. You don't always do that. But you do want to at least, you know, you want to have some logic to what you're doing with managing positions and understanding that like unrealized profit does matter, right? You don't want to only use it, you know, use it within.
logic of everything else you're saying but so now we're seeing we're going to see how if we react to this now why why would we bounce just above that level and the reason is people like sellers who are making money here they want to front run that level right like every everybody can see those orders there so the reason we bounce a couple times before that is some people are just front running it
they don't they want they don't want to see whether we get a huge buying response from there now those big buy limit orders like they often act as magnets like price wants to trade there why because there's someone that's saying i want to do business down here so like help me do business and and sellers will say okay we'll facilitate the trade for you by allowing us to trade down there so you can buy down there front running michelle see michelle that's what front running means just getting in front of like they're gonna try to
take advantage of that before the actual big orders hit essentially or i should say interact not really take advantage of but cool how do y'all feel about using the 200 ema price keeps bouncing up the five minute i'm actually interested on your take on this uh okay so moving averages in general
I don't have them up on my day-to-day charts for intraday trading regularly, but whenever I'm looking at longer-term macro picture, I'm going to be looking for those big obvious moving averages that everybody looks at. Why? Because they're so obvious and I know a lot of people look at them. I don't think they have predictive power, but it can be a self-fulfilling prophecy. If you pull up a chart of Apple,
And you go back to like a weekly chart and you look at like the 200 period EMA on a weekly chart, buying off that 200 period EMA, you know, would make you a billionaire if you bought in size every time we touch there, which isn't often, by the way. So I think moving averages do hold a lot of value, but I don't make trading decisions based off the moving averages. More like investing in long term. Yeah, I agree. I think if you're looking for something that's what you're looking for, that would be more like VWAP.
Yeah, VWAP is the best type of moving average indicator because it truly does show you where institutional positioning is taking place. Also, you know, I can say this for 100% fact, a lot of institutional trading algorithms use the VWAP as a reference point for reloading. This is really interesting to me, like having one, two, three, four near misses of that level and not filling those buy limits.
um dale said should we be thinking long at this point personally i wouldn't um i mean i would just say like it depends like this right here what we're looking at let's say if i had some overwhelmingly external reason like from maybe the overall where we're where we are at relative to the profile whether to the high time frames like then that could change but in this situation no um and it comes down a lot for me when we're looking at this from like a broad like
uh like you know at the end of the day yes we have this big bull structure but look how we've got this wasn't really caused by a lot of volume um in the sense of like it happened after hours so like you know yes you can definitely get your continuation of this for sure right but i look at where the risk of the where is the risk to reward also like what is the day shown us so far i mean the day we've sold off and developed a lot of volume down here so i mean i would lean bearish still at this point right um
On top of that as well, we haven't really seen as much bearishness as I would like. You know, it's kind of just been a little bit of chop, but that doesn't immediately mean I'm just going to switch to being bullish. Right. Either. So that would be the way that I would look at it. Do you have the view up indicator and trading view? Yeah. Yeah. View up is going to be on every single platform. So give you a little bit of like inside baseball on that on that big bullish move yesterday. Everybody in the whole world knew that there was going to be a really big piece of news right now.
I'm not going to comment on how predictable the actual news of the ceasefire was. What I'm just going to say is that because everyone knew about the news, if I'm a market maker who is providing liquidity to the market, I'm not going to do that at that time of day because I know that the reaction of market participants flooding into the market aggressively is going to be so high, right?
When you have a thin order book and there's not a lot of passive liquidity, the market is going to travel very, very quickly until we find a seller willing to match that buyer. And it might be, in this case, 800 handles from the Globex Open, 800 points higher. So what that means is that that part of the move, that move up, very thin, very thin liquidity, very thin volume.
So if buyers are for real, that is where they want to defend that area. So, Dale, I think we're approaching areas where I don't want to be like super aggressively short, you know, but we're not there yet. We're not there yet. But I think we're getting, you know, obviously closer and closer and closer. Right. I agree. And if buyers don't defend that area, man, we're like, how insane would it be if we just gave back?
800 points like that would be that'd be absolute chaos right i don't think that's likely but even but even if you gave back 100 or 200 right then that's that's kind of like the idea i think that for me at least like where i'm like you know right now i'm in a risk-free trade am i out of the trade no i'm not i'm not out of the trade i'm still in the trade um stops are at entry though um but i'm in this trade now it's like well you know either i take a break even on this um or we get some kind of interaction here that allows me to de-risk or
you know maybe the trade ends up actually sorry the floor starts falling out from under it i mean that i look at this more and more like the chance that the probability of that is is lower just based on the overall you know nature of everything however you know it's not impossible um i definitely see at least some logic for that possibly happening if it does great um but if it doesn't at the end of the day i'm just gonna walk out of here flat you know uh uh your my book mag is showing different data uh you have 123 cob at 20.
26 oh i mean i'm not sure why it would show it's probably how zoomed in you know yeah i mean unless you're like way more zoomed in well you're at you said you're at 26 oh so you mean 25 i'm guessing right and then i have book mapped i mean but the data should be the same though it's just cme data but um yeah i'm not really sure maybe it's i mean i would say 65 at that level would be interesting though to be honest uh at two that 25 65.
26 or 26 i mean are you looking at i mean maybe way up there yeah so i was kind of i mean i don't i don't think you're like i don't think you're looking at that i would say it's 25 right 25 or 75 yeah i don't know honestly that's odd could we be looking to a manipulation push above this long range to uh
sweep liquidity and then go lower fast yeah it definitely could happen 100 i hope it doesn't because then i'm gonna either have to react yeah no but it definitely could happen you know and that that idea still be valid um i'm more interested to see again like how we're interacting with this but you can see also the cvds rising right so there's less and less aggressive sellers here at an area we want them to be aggressive now maybe they step back in here maybe they step back in but if they don't that's where i would say that we will see some kind of pop
And Jesse's absolutely right. This is a CVD trick that I love for momentum breakdowns or breakouts. I want to see the CVD dump hard here before we tap into the liquidity. If we tap into that 20, like that 0.25 level.
and then the cbd starts dropping hard that's a big red flag for me because that that would signal absorption so i want to see the drop in cbd before we start breaking through the level think of it this way it's like that that big buy level is like a big heavy door and there's like a 300 pound dude standing behind that door yeah for the market to break it down like it wants to have a big running start right so if it if it like has no running start and then tries pushing the on the door really really hard it's probably not going to open that's a really good way to put it i like that that's a
Extremely good way to put it. I think analogies like that, or I guess that's not an analogy. An explanation, we'll say. It was actually hilarious. My daughter, who was eight, corrected me on something recently. She was like, that's a simile, not an analogy. And I was like, I looked it up. I was like, and it was literally right. And I was like, damn, I just got absolutely cooked by an eight-year-old. So in these scenarios, I want to see how he reacts here. But I'm looking at this kind of like, now I'm looking at a new area. See the CBD drop? Yeah.
So what I'm going to do at this point is I'm going to go ahead. Oops, wrong thing. I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to move my stops up against. What is this? 65. Yeah, that's perfect. Now I've got some profit security because now we've hit that area. We're not really seeing what I'd want to see. It's not to say we can't. Who knows? Maybe the four does fall off. I think I think we're going to see some acceleration here. Yeah. So we've always seen that absorption. Obviously, it could definitely be wrong. But given how the tape was trading there.
we could see a nice job because you see you see the buy limit orders guys the the orders that were sitting at 25 see how they vanished they're not reloading okay they're not reloading what that means is buyers had their chance to defend and and they got absolutely wiped out right so now we're looking at the round number of 2500 25 000 right 25 000 is going to be in the next big obvious psychological test i'm going to move my stops up again to
what is this area right here around this 55 area um just to kind of give a little bit of extra profit secured there nothing crazy
So now a very common market response would be to tap into that liquidity sitting at the round number, and then we're going to come back to 25.040, 25.035, somewhere in that range to retest the bottom of that structure. So there's so many opportunities for traders to take advantage of. That's a very common type of behavior, especially in NQ. But I think we're going to... Yeah, so we traded into 25,000. Watch those orders. 75 right now.
We want to see those orders absolutely vanish and get smoked and not reload. We don't want to see 75. And to visualize that, you want to see this line break and not reappear. Because if you see it, that's the best way to... But now at this point, so I'd say we've got this right here as the point we want to see if they come up here and defend this area. Make or break time. I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to move my stops up actually to 2540. I'll give it 45.
And the reason for that, guys, is I'm looking at this like, okay, we've got this little cluster around here, that 35 area. I don't really want to see us get too far. No, that's got to hold. Yeah, and if we do, I'm happy with those gains. Now, if this holds and then we see another jet to the downside, I'd actually most likely move my stops up again. Exactly. So that's the kind of way that – I think this is going to be pretty eye-opening for you guys, like a really good call today.
And there's so many gems dropped. Thanks to the goat over here. Emory's a legend, man. An absolute legend.
didn't that cluster just appear at 25k yeah that's not what we want to see that's why i move my stops a little bit more i don't want to see that like to me this is saying like okay cool like we might see you know i mean it's it's up in there again like it's you see how it's a game of reacting like i'm not sitting here telling you oh because we saw this we're gonna now see a huge move up maybe we do right if we do i'm gonna take my profits and be done yeah um but i i would say that's more likely because look if we hit into this you look at that wall it just held it was stirred that big 300 pound guy
he didn't even have to put two hands on the door that's sturdy yeah he just he just had the he had the one hand on the door and he said did somebody knock i can't tell so we're getting close up to this uh area we might get ticked out if we do it's it's okay right you know it is what it is i mean i'm happy with uh making a couple grand on the day and there's there's always you can play the what if game to like the end of time right like what if this happens what if
What you have to do at some point is accept which scenarios you're okay with from a risk perspective, right? Like that's all you can do. This is just purely a game of math and risk management. And frankly, you have to dissociate from the dollar amounts. Like when I'm trading, it's just a video game to me. I'll worry about the money after. Yeah, absolutely. But I think if we take out 25, this thing's going to drop maybe another 100 points very fast.
That would make me a much happier camper. I'm happy to walk out with the stop in profits, but I would be much happier if it would just nuke and the forward fall out of this thing. I'll take it. So now we're seeing, we kind of see this, we see where this tipping point was. We had that area and then watching these areas. And if you watch that recent video I put on YouTube, that's why I moved my stop up here is because here's where we saw that fight, right? At that level. And we saw those sellers.
kind of push through and take control so now if these sellers up here are still in control we want to see this defended right and then we're going to move down now if we don't see that cool i'm out of the trade and at that point i would say that you know now the idea that i had i'm not um it's not that it was even totally like wrong it could go down for there but at least now i've secured some gains i am getting that point where i'm starting to see a strong enough case to the other side because you're kind of like this observer you're the spectator we can't control this market we can't influence it right
It's really just about being able to observe and build a case for whatever side you're rooting for. Not rooting for in what you want, but what you see. I think you have a gem. I'm just looking at the tape here. What we saw was the tape thin out on the offer side. What that means is that passive sell orders were actually being pulled and we're seeing a little bit more aggression hitting the market.
Which is a good thing. Like that means aggressive sellers are stepping in. That's fresh shorts entering the market, right? At the same time, we can see that the market rallied pretty hard and the CBD, you know, it didn't really do anything too impressive, right? So I think we want to see if those orders at 25,000, like if that's, is that a bluff or is that for real? Like that's, I think that's what we want to find out. Right. And then the tape, Sebastian is over here where you're watching just the overall movement.
of uh the bid mask is the tape the speed at which it moves boom the orders over here now let's see something i'm gonna go ahead and move my stops up towards this area that's like just a couple points more um so i'll put it right here at this swing point right there will be about 37 so just a couple points more
now let's see we want to see what happened here now you see do they reload is what we want to see we see they hit we've hit into this area does do aggressive sellers step in and blast through this or do we see those passive buyers start to reload and try to defend this area pretty thin volume right now like right this second i mean like pretty thin volume so what i want to see now like if you look at the um the vertical volume bars like at the bottom of the book map screen what i'd love to see now is is a big red vertical bar like angry red bar just
fucking appear on the chart and start slamming this market because 25 000 such an important number right such an important psychological round number there's a lot of options clustered at that strike i i know that without even looking at an options chain come on nasaq let me say something today we've been that's got a hold 25 you see that big red bubble so i'm gonna go right here i'm gonna go right here at 25 10.
we'll go 25 11 now we've moved up stops pretty aggressively um reason being we see this area again just like we talked about up here we see this now we see this aggression if we end up retracing going past this i'm happy to walk out of here with a nice gain if we don't see that then we're likely going to get a flush so walking through the logic of when and why and where to trail up your stops is vital right and notice how i'm not sitting here trying to have some arbitrary number where i necessarily think the market is going to go or
I'm open to staying in this trade as long as I think sellers are in control, because why would I not be? I'm a seller. And as long as I can manage risk around the idea logically, then I have no problem sitting and eventually getting stopped out on a trailing order. So we're back above this 25 now. Yeah, I think that's it. So we're probably going to get ticked out if we didn't already. Cool. We're out. Nice gain on the day.
let's see 4 400 bucks not too bad got the account back above 180 uh 181 and yeah man i'm happy with it so cool um sebatch said i was worried for the live drawdown i moved my stop too fast and got sucked out that's okay that happens uh sometimes you're gonna have to account for that just realistically if you're on a prop you're gonna have to trim you're gonna have to be a little bit more aggressive with that so that's fine um
Nice little dub, guys. I think the key for me for this trade was the patience. We had to wait for it to play out, right? Yeah. You had to wait for it to play out. How many times have you been in a situation where you want the market to do something, it doesn't do it, you get out of the trade, and then it follows through? The market's not operating on our schedule, guys. It's going to do its thing. If the idea is still right, the idea is still right. Man, there we go.
Now it's going to dump. Now here comes the part where NASDAQ, the floor falls out with under us. We've got that nice injection volume here. Very quick 25 point drop. I wonder though, like on the macro chart, like on the bigger volume profile, I wonder where we can see this start to accelerate. Right where we're at. I don't know why. See, that's the thing shit about ATS. We were just looking at this profile before and now it looks retarded.
i'm just a manual one i'm really just gonna draw yeah from there it's fine that's the thing about ats what pisses me off so now we're kind of getting into this area we were talking about at the beginning that could get uh interesting if you will um throughout this leg up
So in situations like this, you know, I think the initial knee-jerk reaction sometimes is, you know, the right move is to get back in and aggressively get back in. But I think one thing that is very important is to always reevaluate and be okay at the end of the day. Like if it does go without us and we don't get an entry, that's fine. But you want to keep the same framework and the same decision-making that, you know, got you to the property you made in the morning, right? And don't just rush into things. But I do, I will say, I do like the increase of volume here.
so now what i would watch and maybe you tell me different i would watch to see how we react here for sure that's what i would watch because now we've got that level and then you know if we possibly frame a low risk trade around that um maybe not right but kind of watching this up here that 20 it's right under that 25k as well yeah trading it to thin volume is is really really it's it's deceptively difficult because you get you get the momentum but
It's tempting to jump in right away. I would not. I would not chase the move. I'd wait for either a new range to form, and then for a breakdown of that range, or I'd wait for a pullback to that big red bubble.
You know, I still have a feeling to me that this is a bit of a bear trap. Could we drop another 50 points? Sure. You know, but this is the part to me where the risk is starting to skew the other way. I'm not saying I'd be an outright bull, but I would not want to be short with size. Correct. Now look at that. Look at that right here. Yeah, that's... Man, I think that's it. Yeah, that is a pop.
And what we're looking at, guys, with CBD is just the difference between aggressive buyers and sellers. So you've seen a massive increase in the difference between aggressive. So think of this like aggressive sellers have left the building right now. Yeah. You know. Now, the reason trading that thin volume and the reason I wanted us to take a quick look at the bigger volume profile is because that big move up. All right. That big move up that we saw, the 800 point move up that we saw, that was on thin volume for a big chunk of it.
So as we trade into the thin volume part of that big move up, if buyers don't step in hard there and reassert control, we can easily give back so much of that range. So think about all the buyers that are looking at this market, not from an intraday perspective, but are looking at it from a slightly longer term perspective. They don't want those positions to be underwater. So one thing you can do is you can anchor a VWAP from the start of that move.
and i you know i haven't i haven't done that myself but i bet i bet we've either tagged that vwop or we're very close to it how do you do you usually anchor on the daily candle do you do this i'll do both so i'll so i'll anchor from the start from 6 p.m eastern when market opens and also from 9 30 a.m eastern for the cash so if we have it's on daily so it should be starting automatically from
this is weird because i can't tell if it's yeah let me just look because it has the custom times which that's another thing about ats the way that it's it so it closes out at okay yeah so it is it is starting and then it starts a new one or does it though we can do it in treating oh it's t-wop in view i was like bro am i mind like is my brain gone here hold on i gotta turn the uh t-wop on or is it on
i have no idea i haven't used it on a that's another thing oh what the fuck it just moved but the uh overall you know stuff on atx little things that piss me off like so okay it's it's extending i guess it's just extending out the clothes right okay yeah well no that's previous i would just drop it in tree yeah i was gonna say that's unnecessary um
it is that do you which one do you use on trading view uh i i use that one that you just used yeah i don't know if you use the auto anchor and then you do you actually use bands or just i do look at standard deviation bands gotcha yeah one and two cool
So, again, guys, basically, like, you know, you could explain the complicated way of this, but essentially you want to look at it as an area where a lot of institutional algorithms are using as a reference point. So it's going to give some kind of reactivity. And you can see exactly where, like, with the benefit of hindsight, where the market consolidated for that long time before it broke down was right at the FWAP. ATAS, Ankit, it's a charting platform.
That's the one that we've been using on the like the volume profile stuff You see we actually have some time blocked off later this week to do some testing with the view up in the first candle stuff Which is pretty interesting so cool cool little edge there
Oh, so there is an anchored VWAP in there. Gotcha. Yeah, I just clicked the VWAP. So that would be nice. You said what? Is it just marked anchored? Or you have to change it? No, it's in drawing tools. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Duh. Oh, that's much better. Yeah. Okay, cool.
I would anchor it from that low. I'm going to go from, oh, so you'll do it on structure too? Yeah, on structure too. Oh, interesting. So I would also, I'm very curious about this one. If you drop an anchored one from the 6 p.m. open. I don't think it moved. Oh, I moved the profile. I'm an idiot. I was about to be like, bro, my brain's just gone.
Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, so so we're at the one standard deviation band. Yeah, that's same. Yeah, it's fine like this looks Not good for sellers though like that
that doesn't mean you know it doesn't mean we reclaim the vwap but in a situation like this a retest of the vwap is very high probability right so i'd say from like current prices you've got a good 50 points higher to go minimum any reason for using atas over trading view really the only reason is that on shorter durations of time you'll get an accurate profile so for example if you want to mark volume profile over really long ranges of time
it's gonna be relatively similar. So they use something called tick data, meaning like every time that the market, like if we're looking at book map, the market's moving, like see how it's moving a tick, right? So we're moving between 0.5 and 0.75. So every time that happens, every time there's a movement, TradingView is gonna count that as one volume, right? So it's not actual volume data, but a lot of times it will be close enough to where if you use, like if I go to TradingView and I mark out,
like let's say if i go and just mark out a fixed range um over a very long period of time it's totally fine like if i market on something like this it's not going to be much different than you know marking on any other tool right it's going to be very similar at least in the ways that you're going to use it um it will be somewhat like you know maybe a little different but it's not going to be uh different enough to make an impact in your trading but if you're using something like the first candle value
um strategy like we kind of had looked at today where like let me turn this off and you look right here and you see how i have a marked on just a very small range of time like this volume profile where it's marked on 15 minutes that's going to be very different because it's less data so whenever you're aggregating based on ticks law of large numbers right like it's going to be more volatile with a smaller data set
So that's why I would use this for that specific tool. And as you can see, it worked pretty well today. It was a pretty slow grind, but we had a nice trade-off of this idea. That was at least the first framing of it. There was other things that went into it as well, like everything went over today, especially going through and holding the trade. But yeah, guys, I think that on that note, I'm going to be done for the day. I'm happy with the gains. What I was waiting for to see if that happened obviously did not happen. We had those buyers come in and just...
destroy any idea for me left of wanting to sell on this. So overall, amazing day today. Highly recommend watching this over again. Absolute masterclass. If you made it this far, then congratulations. Because one, you have a much better attention span than most people do. And two, because now you've seen how a real-life professional trader operates, the tools they use, and the way that they read the market.
Now, if you want to get access to these live trading streams, along with my mentorship, where every single trade that you take is reviewed, you get access to my smart trader AI software that's trained on everything I've learned in the last decade that I've spent as a trader. You also get access to the community and to our Enigma risk calculator and a ton of other cool stuff as well. I'll leave a link down in the description for you to apply, but I want to be very clear that not everybody gets accepted due to the intensive nature of this mentorship.
But if you do qualify, then I guarantee you will become a funded trader in 12 weeks, or I will personally trade with you if you are. Make sure to subscribe if this video is helpful to you and leave a comment down below with your biggest takeaway and how you're going to take the information from this video and actually go out and execute. Just remember that no matter what,
You guys are going to make it as traders, especially if you've made it this far, especially if you're watching this kind of trading content, because a lot of people will skip away from videos like this and say that these things are too complicated. But once you see that real professional traders are using tools like this, and you understand that once you have a process for these tools, they're not as complicated as you may have thought, then hopefully that this is the breakthrough that you've been looking for.
Again, guys, make sure to subscribe to the channel because I'm going to be posting a ton more order flow content and whether or not we work together in the mentorship, just know I'm rooting for you from afar and I'm always going to be posting free content here on YouTube. Much love guys, and I'll see you in the next video.
