what's good so um today we had pal speak this morning we got some pretty wild price action and um i wanted to go over two opportunities that played out now i did not take the second one of these because i was doing something else unfortunately seems like um before this happens um what you see here first off this fib i drew
is the expansive lagging price that took liquidity into our point of interest, which is this fair value gap. And I put this in stock chat in the Discord. And right before, I just want to show you this. I put this, look at the time, it was at 9.45 a.m. I tweeted ICT to say about this fair value gap and this level right here. And at about the same time, he tweeted out the same level. So I didn't want you guys to just think, because I know ICT is doing a lot of
So right here says 955. So you see that's 10 minutes after I said that. So don't want anybody to be like, oh, you're just putting that level because ICT. But it's cool to see him note the same level. So the reason that I noted this level right here is on the one hour of ES, we have a pretty clear market maker sell model in my opinion. Our 15 minute makes it a little clearer. We have our first consolidation here, second here.
Small money reversal into this high timeframe fair value gap the full fill of the one hour and then also a look right here is a fulfilled one hour and the consequent encroachment or the 50% line of the four hour and if you look yesterday, we had a nice one-minute market maker sell inside of this last component right here
So again, you see the price is fractal. We're able to visualize the same occurrences over a multitude of different timeframes because the algorithm is seeking out liquidity in the same manner. It's just in different intervals of time. And that's why time and price is extremely important and to understand. And this isn't really time and price. I don't want anybody to misunderstand what I'm saying. But you're able to see that price is fractal. Now, we do see these happening at certain times of the day.
which I don't want anybody to think that time and price is just kill zones. A lot of people, that's a very telltale sign of somebody who's newer to ICT type trading. That's not what time and price is alone, should I say. I mean, it's part of it, I guess. And just a little sneak peek, I will be uploading a video on time and price this week. But we see this one minute market maker sale model inside of that one hour SMR.
and we're just watching price kind of unfold now back to this fair value gap is if we're seeing a second leg of distribution if this is correct you know i look at this as a probable area for us to trade into now we could trade higher i think that if we trade much higher we'll probably see new highs in general which is a possibility as well you could see that for sure but if we're not going to see new highs and this was kind of the uh high of the week
Or maybe the high before the news, I should say, the CPI this Thursday.
And again, you have to take all this with a grain of salt due to the news. But if that's the case, you know, I'd like to see a or was liking to see a reversal from this level. And it goes back into kind of breakaway for everybody gaps. I'm not going to target all the way up here because for one, it's already been tapped into. We saw a reaction. And then we had a lot of liquidity build up all over these highs. So we had liquidity was taken. And we saw this. What is this? We saw.
nice price action into it so what i want to go over is let's say we're waiting for a short narrative to play out and we looked at this fair value gap as an area that you know hey i want to short from here if my model presents itself within this range
But let me see something like this, right here, where we almost tap the range. Now, this is where many of you, and a lot of new traders in general, will mess up, and your psychology will get the best of you, because what you think is, you missed the trade. Came this close to your level, price is moving away from it, you know, oh no, it's game over, I missed the trade. And this is where being convicted and trusting your system and trusting yourself is extremely, extremely important.
Because a newer trader who is dominated by their thoughts and their FOMO will look at this and they'll rationalize why this is a shift in structure. Why maybe, oh, it wasn't this gap. Maybe there was something else. If we look right here, maybe it was testing something here. They'll start looking at lower time frames. They'll find some reason as to why they should FOMO into the trade. Now, two things are going to happen here. Well, not just two things. A multitude of different things could happen.
enter the trade and it might work out. And you're enforcing a bad habit and while you did get some, you know, a little bit of gains, that's going to hurt you in the long run. The other is that you follow your system and you don't get in the trade and you trust your narrative and then maybe it goes without you. And that's just stuff that's going to happen to all of us. Like as traders, you have to understand like you're going to get missed on your limits. You're going to miss, you know, what you want to happen by a hair. It's going to happen. It sucks. It's not fun.
but it's part of being a trader, so you have to get used to that. Now, on the contrary, what can happen is if you trust your bias and you're able to analyze price from an objective point of view and you're not changing your perspective based on your current emotions, and this will come with time. Some people are more equipped mentally to do this than others, and that's okay, but I want you to take this as a lesson. This is something I watched happen today that I know
The old version of me would have probably fumbled into this and taken a loss. But whenever we're looking at this from the perspective that we trust this level, we trust the price is going to go higher, we look at that as a target. Because if our narrative is telling us to target this zone, yet price is still back here and we've been rejected from it, we're not changing up on that. If we are bullish, so to speak, if our bias currently is bullish, whether that's on a daily timeframe, whether it's on a one-minute timeframe,
We look at lows as potential entries and we look at down close candles as support. So whenever we see price kind of bouncing off this perception of support, we want to see that liquidity taken or we want to see whatever it is that we usually get in a trade. It's not going to be anything much more complicated than liquidity rate into a point of interest because again, we're looking at this as our target. And until that's hit, we are looking at all of these different pushes down.
opportunities to buy so after we see price come into down into this range let's where's the button can't remember how it used
Oops, that works too. After we see price come into that range, we then sweep the liquidity into this order block and then we expand rapidly, creating a fair value gap and a structural shift. So this tells us that the market is reaching up. So all a market structure shift is telling you is that the market wants to go in the direction that it's shifting. That displacement is the footprint of something is pushing price up. Now, why would it be pushing price up?
Well, because of your original narrative. And if you're in a short, you're going to be saying, oh, it's just coming to mitigate. Oh, it's just taking these highs. Oh, I'm going to add to my position. But you're not understanding that you're going back on yourself and what you had originally looked for. And your brain will filter out logical information that goes against whatever it is that you want to happen. So there are two ways you could have looked at this. And one is, okay, I'm still trading my narrative and this is a buy or what I just explained.
We see that there was a very nice scalp opportunity. And a way to kind of confirm these, and this is another way you can use with all fair value gaps, that this comes with time too. Notice how price came back down, completely filled the fair value gap, and then pushed back out of it. Now, until this happens, a fair value gap is not rebalanced. So let's just say we're right here. That doesn't mean that the fair value gap is rebalanced, right? We can see an expansive move downwards. You know, there's a lot of wicks here, so we're not going to see a balanced price range.
until price begins to push back up to the fair value gap that is when we deem this as rebalanced and we look for an expansive move away so a lot of people confirm with structure you know if you want to confirm an order block you can confirm with structure for instance you know if you're looking at this order block you could have said you know this whether you use strong high theory or you use short term high theory whatever it is you use you got a confirmation there because you're using market structure now
One way to confirm fair value gaps is by using or by looking at them and asking yourself, has this rebalance? Is price moving out of the fair value gap? Is it showing the desire to move away from the fair value gap? In this example, it had. You can use a number of ways to execute based off this. If you want to get mechanical, you could use maybe only a candle close or you could say that as soon as price wicks out of it, this is something that you'd have to test. You might just be discretionary and see.
how you like price, how you feel about it at that moment. And that's something that it works for people who are experienced, but if you're new to these concepts, I don't recommend trying to be discretionary with it. Now, after that, you had a pretty clear target, which was this high. So not the craziest trade, it's not a super high risk reward, but you're able to still execute and get in these small trades. And if you're trying to trade on a funded challenge specifically,
I think that's very helpful to be able to be nimble and take advantage of opportunities while they're there. Because a lot of people that are trying to get funded, they may have a profitable strategy, but their strategy isn't profitable enough to meet the profit targets within a month. That's a common problem that I can see happening because I've been backtesting a shitload lately. And I've tried multiple different strategies, really every strategy that I've ever genuinely understand as far as price action trading goes.
And I've tried on different assets. And there are some that work really great, maybe once you're funded and once you're trying to build an account. But some that work in that manner do not work at all for challenges because there's simply not enough opportunities. And if you're trying to pass a challenge, I think it helps a lot to be nimble on your feet and notice stuff like this. So after we get that push up, this expansive move is going to be important if we are to remain bearish.
If you're looking at, and this is more speculation because this hasn't happened. If you're looking at this as a zone of liquidity, this range down here, there is the second standard deviation of this liquidity rate that pushes right down to it. Now, there's two ways you could draw this. And this was one right here. So if you draw the entire expansive move,
That is going to line up right with the liquidity below this low now if you draw just from the Low to the high the highest time Or the low before expansion or stitch the highest time it's going to line up actually where it kind of hit into which was down here in this order block and Standard deviations you've lightly talked about this on the YouTube we've talked about this in the private discord But you can use standard deviations from everything from the central bank dealing range the agent range to liquidity rates themselves
I haven't seen many people doing this. I know ICT talks about it in some of the older stuff, and I think he may in some of the newer stuff, but it's super useful. It is kind of tricky to get right because you could look at it from different time frames, different perspectives. The five minute is matching up with that entire little move, and we'll see how that plays out. Now, it's lunch hour, so I think if we do get a nice move, we'll see that going into the afternoon.
Now, I know this is about Weekly Outlook, and I just wanted to explain all that just because I think it was a valuable piece of price action that you can learn a psychological lesson and also a little scalping lesson for those of you who are interested in that. So for the actual, let me hide this so it's not cluttering our screens. So for the actual bias, let's hop out to a daily chart right here.
When I'm looking at a daily chart and starting to we've consolidated within this This order block that I wanted this to happen far before it did I think I was calling this order block way too early I was down in here and we ended up having an expensive move up a lot of consolidation It's been a lot long time. So I was wrong on the timing, but it price did return back to the order block if you look at this Kind of leg in price
The original impulse it's right at ops right an optimal trade entry
right there 705 so the level is pretty key we went under that and if we go to a four hour we can go down and try to you know refine this however we'd like you probably go even lower you go to this last candle you can see that price was reacting pretty nice we got this nice three tap we push down liquidity rate came down and mitigated whatever order blocks or fair value gaps were created from this reaction of the liquidity rate and now we're seeing that bullish order flow so we pushed up we filled in this fair value gap
Now we have a It's a one-hour a one-hour order block right here
right there. Now that is inside of this last four hour candle before expansion. We also have a four hour fair value gap right there that we've tapped into this morning. So overall bullish order flow, in my opinion. Now, for what reason though? Because we have to look at things in context, the higher timeframe. So if we are bullish right now, I think we're just moving up into this candle right here. And the reason I select this candle is because it took the liquidity right here. And that day,
Was it FOMC or was it inflation? It was a high impact news day. I want to say it might have been inflation. I don't want to quote it wrong. I know it was high impact news. I mean, you can look at it and tell that. Probably CPI judging on the time of the expansion. So I think this POI is pretty valuable because we know there was manipulation there. We know there was mitigation of all orders. So I think we can look for a draw up into this range. Now, we do have CPI on Thursday.
There is a lot of liquidity under all of this. There is a ton of stop losses under this. So I think that all of this has a high chance of getting ran. And if not all of it, at least stuff like this and maybe this has a very high probability of being ran with that CPI. Now, if we have met this target up here, I think we're just probably going to push through it, so to speak. Now, if we haven't, I think we can take this liquidity and then move to the upside.
so that's kind of my bias for es um overall right now in the four hour i'm seeing bullish order flow we have you know higher highs and higher lows four hour fair value gap that one hour order block so i see a lot of levels that we could look at for price to push to the upside from yes we have a shift in market structure down in the one hour but we have to ask ourselves again you know why why is this shifting is it shifting to continue down in my opinion i'm looking at the four hour
Yes, we're trading into this right here, but we have a lot more up in this zone that we haven't tapped into It's a high-impact news week. There's we had FOMC this morning and then Inflation on Thursday, so you know everything's a little lower probability, but I like the setups so I like all these lows right here on the 15 minute just equal lows from This morning
So, something to keep an eye on as far as a short-term draw. Now, if we were to get price pushing down here, maybe before, maybe tomorrow, we might see somewhat of a push out of it. But again, just be mindful of CPI on Thursday. I think that liquidity is going to get ran, so don't be overexposed in the market.
So next I'm gonna go over Bitcoin so Bitcoin right now and I'm gonna give an interesting take on this some people are gonna call me crazy When I look at this from trying to be objective on the daily time frame Let's go to weekly first so for a weekly time frame, you know, we have this massive external range
massive external range right so you know there's a lot of room to move up now i'm not saying we're going to move anywhere up in this anytime soon i think overall crypto is still bearish um for now until i see more there's not going to be that's not going to uh you know convince me just just because we have a big range it doesn't mean we're going to move up it but one thing i've been looking at recently on the daily chart is we have this let's delete that just so i can make it a different template
Maybe one for this so we have this long-term consolidation that was manipulated with the FTX scandal and If we're looking at this for a term of you know accumulation manipulation distribution You know we could see if we see a sharp push back into this range above this high You know I could see Bitcoin making a nice run to the upside now We don't have that yet, but that's just what my eye is seeing again. I see this as a
accumulation range right there sharp push out driven by news consolidation now i want to see a sharp push and that's hold up here like we need to hold and there's a lot telling me that we won't but again just take it day by day but i do think we're going to take out this high um this 18 400 um that may be contrary to some people i mean i'm just calling the chart how i see it the reason for that is the weekly chart
You know to me it's still bearish we are still making lower highs and lower lows even on an internal level Obviously the swing structure is bearish the external structure But the daily has told me that you know, we're starting to I can draw
We're starting to take out highs right here. We closed up here nicely. If we look at the bullish, whenever we're trying to determine, you know, bias and something that I think can help a lot of people is, you know, what is being respected? And sometimes it's really hard to determine bias. And what I like to do is just ask myself, you know, are we closing above highs? Are we closing above lows? Are bullish or bearish order blocks being respected? So if I look here, I see, you know, this so far is not a nice reaction off this. You know, it's kind of...
lackluster here you know we could do the movement as daily order block but judging just off structure and premium and discount we have this whole range right here and whenever we look at
premium pricing we have liquidity front right and we have a massive fair value gap up here so even if we were to you know reverse I don't want to go all moon boy and say you know we're gonna go all the way up here and this and that that's just me shit telling you guys you know I could see something like that and judging by our reaction at this daily range I might change and then look for new highs as far as this range that's more I don't forecasting you know you shouldn't it's you gotta be careful doing it because
you don't want to build your bias and force that. There's no reason for us to think that. I'm just something pattern recognition. But what I am looking for is this high. It's 18,400.
The stock market fluctuations like to affect crypto. And I know there's a lot of people that are seeing this right here. And I see it too. But when I'm looking at the overall higher time frame, if you look at just the four hour and the 15 minute, do you maybe want to short this? I mean, maybe. This isn't really a cleanest price action. And it might play out. This definitely could play out. I think you might get some kind of movement off of it because we get this market structure break.
And then you have an order block up here. Haven't really got to sweep into the zone.
So I see that, the four hour structure is overall bearish, just like the daily structure, but we're just hanging out down here at discount. We're just hugging discounts. So a lot of times that happens, we're just engineering the short, we're inducing shorts and engineering that buy side. And again, you have this high right under a premium pricing, right under this massive fair value gap. So I think we are drawing upwards on Bitcoin.
the zone that i'm watching if i'm if i believe that based off of like the daily and the weekly the weekly time frame you know i look at it like we're bearish as right like um you know impulse uh downwards after impulse again this tells me we're reaching lower you know if we look on the weekly really the next area of any interest is far away which is the notorious 12k level that everybody talks about we also have some fair value gaps and we have to do i think a monthly fair value gap with this last run but
You know, I think we're reaching down lower before we see any kind of, you know, bottom form. Could be wrong. Again, day by day. But current bias based off of that daily and four hour, I'm looking for this high. So I would just look at internal structure and impulse moves in the four hour to base my trades around because I'm not really day trading crypto too, too much. If I do, it's based off the high timeframe narrative. So what I want to see is either a push into this fair value gap, then lower timeframe price action.
or down into this order block because i look um you know what did this order block do we blasted through all these highs with no problem closed above it right it wasn't a sunday so time isn't really the greatest but crypto i'm not as interested in that you know if this was something else i wouldn't consider that as much since it was on a sunday but big push up um so really we'll switch that here's somebody saying something i bet i don't have my headset on i heard it from my desk what's up egg
Or did was that were you saying something or were you was he I don't know if it was just like background noise. I saw it I barely heard it. Yeah 300,000 Bitcoin tomorrow probably Yeah, I'm very okay with that Yeah, I know you're in longs right now aren't you I think I saw yeah
dude i was in long you said you're on mff right yeah i might uh when i get my first payout i might i might get an mff account because you said you can leverage bitcoin right yeah you need it bro you would be what are the what are the spreads like though it's the same as that's like 25 bucks really yeah that's that was the okay so the only the deciding factor for me why i went with mff instead of emma or eptimo
was crypto leverage and 300 000 account because a lot of people like i talked to somebody they're like well it's not that big of a difference i'm like what the hell yeah it's a big that's 50 more money that you're making but you have to pay more for the challenge of course and you know what i would do maybe and you need to make wasn't it like on discount for like the same price as a 200k from ftmo it might have been or was that a different it was like that's really not that bad at all
ftmo 200k is like 1100 yeah no it's not bad at all bro it's not bad yeah you paid like an extra 200 bucks for like an extra 100k of demo money right you know it's like dude you pay real money for monopoly money it's great right literally though another um uh firm that i've seen around which they have really good social media promotion right now is that my funded forex but the re i've talked to quite a few people that i do trust their opinion i've talked to them personally
not just people that are promoting it. And, you know, it seems like they have really good spreads. I don't know about crypto, but I know they have good spreads on Forex. And the main thing... They have, like, almost virtually, like, zero spread. Yeah. And another thing, too, is that there's no time limits on it, which that, I think, could be huge for, I mean, obviously a number of reasons. But, you know, a lot of people, I think, and like I was talking about this earlier,
You know, there are some strategies that just are great strategies for a live account. And I'm just like swing trading and stuff. But they maybe they just don't provide enough opportunities for the profit target. Yeah, I know. I was I was listening to you say that. Yeah. And that's so far out, you know, because it's like you can. But once you're funded, that's great. You know, fucking kill it with that. You know, trying to make things a little more passive.
but um because that's what i was even doing for a little bit with forex because i've been working on a lot of stuff and sometimes like when i trade i want to be you know if i'm day trading just intraday scalping i need to be that's what i'm doing you know what i'm saying you either have to know smc or you have to be a very consistent like one to our intraday scalper yeah like for instance like today on es i took one trade it's nice but um
Missed the bread and butter trade. I wanted to really take because I was doing something else and I was like, yeah, that's that's what happens, but you know, it is what it is but um, yeah with Bitcoin I really I like that. I do I just I just see it as like everybody that sure
in this range that i mean it's so obvious like you know i'm in the same exact boat as you yeah because you have that displacement to the upside on the lower time frames so that 18k high that you're looking for could be seen as a weak high so that could be exactly so and yeah and like that's another thing like if you look at the strong high and weak high theory if this high didn't do its job and create a new low it's really just pushing down to this order block on the daily and then price is obviously moving away from it you know if we see it's just like literally price comes down
sweeps out this liquidity into the order block comes out and mitigates up you know so it's to me it's bullish order flow on the higher time frames and in the early stages of it so and we could literally come above that high throw in like a little distribution pattern like two three 15 minutes sideways candles and then dump literally yeah exactly so that's that's all the fucking time that's what happens that's that's bitcoin for you but you said that's in premium too right because i think um i think i had that as
yeah that's like my third take profit and then up to like the unmitigated supply around 20k within premium is like my final take profit i'm pretty sure oh yeah basically that big fair value gap that you're looking at yeah
Now yeah, I like that setup. Now for Euro, let's go to DXY actually. DXY is the fun one. So DXY is at that level where it's, in my opinion, for the short term, it is kind of like make or break it. Now we might hang out here for a while. We've been hanging out here for a while. We talked about the weekly fair value gap. I'm going to do it with my little X. It's kind of annoying me. But we talked about it last week. We tapped into the weekly fair value gap. I put out on Twitter.
that we are going to, I can find this picture to share with you guys.
so many pictures i'm doing this challenge um yeah i got a dxy question sure can dxy go sideways while um indices moves yeah for sure i think that um i've seen that happen a couple times like dxy is way more or currencies are way more sensitive to dxy but like i mean indices are for sure but they're not like currencies like you're if if you see um a currency not moving in correlation with dxy you know
not moving inversely or with it, if you're looking at USD first pairs, then that's going to be SMT. But with indices, you can see a little bit of breaks in correlation minorly.
You know, most of the time it goes with it. But again, you can definitely see those. Okay. Yeah, because your chart, it's a possibility to just start going sideways and basically accumulating DXY just to break up later. Exactly. That's what I was saying. Like, it's, you know, this level is make or break, but I don't think like this time because this could, we could, I mean, we've already been hanging out of this weekly fair value gap for a month. Yeah, that's just, you know, hanging. And when we look at this level.
We've got a monthly order block and one thing if you want to really get good levels like valuable levels it comes from taking the higher time frames and breaking them down into the next time from down and then to the next time into the next time frame because we're just using time to visualize institutional order flow. So if we can you know obviously a monthly order block is going to be institutional order flow. I think we can agree that price is bullish overall and if we go to a weekly we have a
fair value gap right here and if we go to a daily we have another fair value gap inside of this along with a breaker block i didn't draw the breaker block for clutter reasons but if you look we had that last up candle before we took that sell side of the liquidity local to this little internal leg of price so a lot of uh key levels right around this orange the orange level is the monthly order block and if you look that's why we come here we hang out and like jl said you know you can see consolidation around these levels because they are such
long-term levels it's not like you're gonna hit it and get a 15 minute market structure shift and then blast off so a lot of people get burned up when price gets to these levels so um something i've been trying to do more with my analysis because i've been trying to trade a little bit more forex is you really got to be in tune with dxy for forex and it helps for everything but you really got to be in tune with it and that's why i was saying this week you know early on coming in on sunday i looked at this i said
we're going for this low like to me that's that was clear as fucking day and if you look at the four hour it was like bread and butter price action like look at this shit just like dude so clean i mean like all this liquidity all of this right here all this this this you got the high resistance run
All that was just so clean that we're you know price came up and this to me I'm not Wyckoff you know that but this looks like if I had to guess this is redistribution probably at its finest but um I could be wrong but redistribution on a lower time frame turning into a higher time frame accumulation that's probably what I would get from this but yeah yeah that so it's like we came up took it all this liquidity moving that for our order block shifted down so that's why I came in on Sunday and put on Twitter like expect bullishness early in the week.
which is exactly what we got on the euro dollar and the pound dollar. And then we got bearishness on dollar cat. So it can help a lot to be in tune with DXY. That's the 4R, right? Yeah, yeah. You know that one chotch structure shift picture that you always see? This is so perfect. That's what I'm saying. That's that shit right there. That's that displacement to the downside.
here's a fucking this take a screenshot of this and post on twitter you'll get fucking 10 000 followers i'm just kidding that's what that silky was doing he's just literally putting like it was just it was funny it'd be like a crazy long like infographic with tons of value and it would just be this and it would get like a thousand likes what the people are like fuck yes choach choach oops not bars but um
Yeah, so this one's just, I mean, grade A bearish order flow. And this is where people get burned up and they're like, how's that bearish order flow? You know, you learn structure. You're like, oh, well, here we got to change. But you have to always ask yourself and look at the higher timeframes and you have to be in context. So it's like, yes, the four hour can be making higher highs and higher lows. But why? Is it because the daily expansion is in place and you're going for daily buy side? Or is it because you're bearish in the daily and you're just retracing?
Whenever you're looking at price action at one time frame, you have to understand what you're doing on the next time frame up. If you're looking at the four hour, ask yourself, are we expanding or retracing on the daily? If you're looking at the 15 minute, you have to ask yourself, are we expanding or retracing on the four hour? Because once you really understand that, that's whenever you look at price and say, I'm not going to take that trade because I think there's a likelihood that it's going to reverse.
Or maybe I'm going to trade against the overall trend because I'm trading in context of the higher timeframe. So that's something to always keep in mind. Now with Eurodollar, when I look at the weekly, I like this one right here.
It's going to be different on all brokers, 107.8 roughly, but that's weekly high right here. So when I look at the weekly overall range, I see a massive, fucking massive external range, which is this right here. What's up, Baglife? You're not going a little bit. I don't want to mute you.
Oh, you're good. If you wanted to say so, I didn't mean to put you in the spot, but it was excellent. So when I look at this, I mean, it's just disgusting how big this ranges on the dollar. And the reason, a lot of you might be wondering why I'm not picking this, simply because we never took out lows in this leg. So I'm not going to look at this as a separate leg of price. I'm looking at all of it as the same.
You know, we have a pretty clear weekly order block up here right around equilibrium and then a lot to the upside. But for starters, I look at this as liquid. It's kind of like the Bitcoin example. I look at the weekly as in retracement mode. So, you know, if the daily is bullish during the weekly retracement, I'm going to expect that to continue until it's time for the weekly to retrace. So I look at this as kind of like a smooth area in the market.
where there's a ton of stop losses right here tons of stops everybody who's bearish near a dollar that missed all of this massive move you know they will if they're not stopped out here here and here here's the next stop and here's another stop so we see that on the over the long term we're engineering all of these resistance levels that are then getting taken out one by one so the weeklies and retracement so we're looking at liquidity and a discount in a bearish range as targets
A lot of people might say, okay, well, there's a weekly order block right here. And you might get a reaction of that. And I could be wrong. We just go to the pits from there. But I just try to base things based off of structure and premium discount is a big part of my trading plan. So here, if we are bullish, you have to look at these down moves. This market structure shift is not going to make you want to trade if you're trading in context of the higher timeframe. Because you're going to look at this and you're going to say, okay, yeah, we had a push down. And some people...
Let me hide this. Some people might say like, oh, displacement break of structure down. Order block, right? And this happened in a weekly order block. And then it doesn't work and you're like, oh, this shit doesn't fucking work. Fuck this. But what's happening is you're just failing to understand the true narrative and what's going on. And it's not always going to be just as easy as short a confirmation order block. And the key to it is understanding the big picture narrative. So what I see here are two.
possibility so i look at this as a daily breaker block and if we look prices seeming to find some kind of i hate the word support support in this level now if we want to go down like we were saying earlier and look for levels inside this we can look at this as a four hour order block but it's a pretty big candle so you go down to a one hour and you could use this whole range or this last candle or this fair value gap i haven't marked up your dollar so i actually kind of like this fair value gap depending on where we're at in the session tomorrow
Kind of wanted to trade this earlier, but I just didn't take it. That wasn't paying attention. We have this 15 minute point of interest liquidity right into it during the 830 open nice push out Turn back to this order block. So overall 15 minutes bullish
Got these equal highs I could see easily This would be something your dollar likes to do take out these highs and then go down and take out the sell side and then we kind of watch these sounds You know, I think that that liquidity if it is taken this week will get taken with CPI Maybe it's preserved for later. We have equal highs again You want to forecast the future too much and something else that I posted about
That I want to go over is this SMT divergence on a higher time frame. So I gotta delete these So if we look at the weekly Right here, it's not a daily Listen this. Oh, yeah, I did that. So look at the weekly, you know, it kind of made a high made a low higher high
On the pound, we did not on the weekly. So I look at that. And then also if we look at DXY, it's making a lower low. So, you know, it's normal for euro dollar we're doing this. Pound dollar, it's kind of weird why we're not making that. So, you know, when I ask myself, that would be bearish SFT divergence between the pound and the euro. Not any divergence with the dollar. I just brought that up to show you guys what I'm, you know, the inverse nature.
of the currencies we're talking about with the dollar. So we can't even take this liquidity right here and we trade it into this order block. Now this is kind of similar what I want, or no, we didn't trade it at this order block. We traded this candle, I'm sorry, this whole range. Now we still have that candle up there, but when I see this and that expansive move down from it and go to the daily, I look at this order block as something of more value. Now we have a lot more distance to this, right? So if we do hit up in this order block,
I'm going to look at this as a better sell if I was looking for sales. Now, if we look at the weekly timeframe, you know, it's similar to Eurodollar, except we have made it back to a premium. There's definitely still a lot we could go touch, right? There's tons of points of interest, volume and balance, I mean, you name it. There's probably every kind of POI in the book up in this area. But if I were to look for sales, I would lean more for the pound. So that is something else I want to go over because it kind of shows you guys, you know,
For those of you who like trading both Euro and the pound, you can use that relative strength and SMT diversions to evaluate which pair you're going to focus on. Because you shouldn't focus on every single pair every single day, especially if you're being short-term, not short-term trading, because that could be interpreted as swing trading. But if you're day trading or scalping, I think it's important to build your bias like that. So that's it for those. Now let me look at some of the questions, because I know it's been a long time.
Oh, so I asked what you review euro. Yep. There you go. Hopefully you waited Greetings from the discord bro. What's that number one stona? Can you go over the trade you took today? Yeah, I did go over that in the beginning of the stream What account is that F T mo and so I think we were talking about F T mo in my forex funds
Oh, there goes Nas. Boomin. Oh, wait, I'm in crypto. My bad. They're probably moving, though. So is, uh, what's it called? Uh, ES is moving. I suppose just made a good move. Wait, what's that you doing? Everything's pushing a little bit. It's one, or no, it's not one thing I want to talk about. The other channel is dead. I'm back. Let's check FTM and PMP. FTM, you said? Yeah, and BMP. Gotcha, gotcha. FTM.
I took a paper turn on this to hit. Now I got stopped. Oh, wait, I can't remember when I... Yeah, no, because I remember doing this at some point. Yeah, that didn't hit. Now for FTM, let me just get a better look. So I was looking at this other day. You know, I think these highs are probably going to get attacked. So I've drawn this out a little while ago, but now I'm getting my brain's refreshing. So when I look at all this,
yeah, we have this bearish order flow overall, but if you really look at the candle that had a lot of push away from it was this candle, and we have all of these highs up above it. So I can see short ideas building here. And I could be wrong, but these are where I kind of just look and say, I might kind of stray away from trying to short that here. And if you do short it, maybe you should target imbalances and order blocks instead of targeting liquidity. But one thing that I've learned is,
while you can trade counter high time frame I don't recommend doing it if you don't have to at all and especially not doing it with crypto because crypto has a way of punishing like for instance last week with BNB it happened to me I was trying to short where was I can't remember it was one of these points of interest and you know we got a I think it was here even maybe it was here so it was like you look here
and we got a displacement. I can't remember exactly the price. Actually, I think it was something like this. We got a raid, displacement moved down, and this was my eye kind of misleading me, and I was looking at like, okay, displacement moved down. You can short target some imbalances, leave a runner for the lows, but it just didn't work out simply because of the stuff I went over in the beginning of this video. So with FTM, and I know that you want to go over BNP, so we'll go over that. With FTM,
If I look at this external range, for one, you've got this order block beginning right almost at a optimal trade entry. And the reason I like this, because look how much liquidity this candle took. We've enclosed above liquidity, and we're trying to track order flow, like where are the big moves happening? You know, it happened from here. Then we have this range generating liquidity, push up, mitigation, massive push down. Then we guess what we have generating above these highs.
So one could look at it like, yes, we're on a daily order block. The immediate impulse structure is bearish, but again, why is it bearish? If we look, well, it could have been to fill this weekly fair value gap.
Right. So, yeah, you just got to think of things like that. You got to look at things from the context of the bigger picture, because if you don't, you're going to be getting burnt up. And those small little mistakes can add up to big mistakes over time. So I'm looking at this more as liquidity. But again, you're trading counter trend overall, because if we look, the daily structure is, you know, is bearish. Maybe you want to wait for this up here to see if we get some nice sales from it. You know, speaking of, I'm actually going to.
set my alert for this uh level right here and i'm not just gonna sell right off of it sometimes i'll get a message like i'll say something like that and i'll get a message like two weeks from now so he's like yo i'm in your ftm shorts i'm like no that's not that's not what i meant don't just short from there but um you go to a four hour and try to refine these levels we've got some nice liquidity front running this i mean really i would just keep on the daily for right now and just kind of watch price action inside that area yeah i'm looking at this more of a uh
You could even look at it as an accumulation manipulation distribution. It's a rough one, but I could see that for sure.
And this is what I mean by sharp push into the zone, right? So you see that we pushed up, closed into it, massive push into it. It's not getting, you know, smacked down by this daily imbalance. It's not getting smacked down by this daily order block. And that's where you have, you know, when you ask yourself, you know, what order flow is being respected, you know, is the bearish order flow being respected? Like, does this look like weak to me? Not really, right? Because we have more, yes, we, you can get displacement pushes into a point of interest and it'd be a reversal, but
To me, I see it as your engineering liquidity up here. I mean, let's just look at this on like a one hour and look at this bit of price action right here. I'm going to take this. I'm going to draw this out. Let's go to a daily or a four hour. Tell me what this looks like.
right it's very similar so we can when we see patterns like that we're able to say okay if i think this is generating liquidity and it looks very similar then i go to a one hour and see that same price action occurring in that same zone along with everything else we've gone over you know that might lead me to be more bullish and you see some of these things aren't mechanical so i know i talk a lot about being mechanical but and i've got messages about this so i want to make it clear like
there are good strategies that are discretionary and those come with time but you need to focus on making your executions and things of that nature as mechanical as possible but hopefully that um that gave some insight on ftm let's look at bmb so bmb on the weekly you know obviously these massive ranges with everything on the weekly
I think eventually we'll trade down this fair value gap. That's at 183. When I look at the overall structure on the weekly, you know, if we...
This right here, we're kind of just cleaning up these highs. So you know, push this down. We can look at this overall to be targeted this low down there. And then if we look at the daily, we have that massive wick with the FTX. So at one point, I wanted to watch that high. Now with all this, it's like, I mean, you can look at this and try it. Let's just map this out. We'll look at it on lower timeframes because obviously there's not much there for us. I mean, I think it's going to be like that on every time frame, but.
That massively kind of fucks this chart up a little bit in my opinion. But nonetheless, if you're looking at this four-hour order block here, that's close to it. But right now the four-hour range is bearish in the daily range. I'm sorry, daily order block, not four-hour. The daily range is bearish overall.
In terms of this right here, but if we look left To me the swing structure went like this here. We came down here Formed a high form below. So that was our range and then if we look We did close up above that so overall the daily range It's not really coincide the weekly if you use candle closes the daily range is this right here What I've drawn from this low down here to this high so overall the daily range is bullish so
You know, this one's kind of one of those weirder charts that, you know, I'm probably going to stray, right? I already got burned on it once. And I'm not blaming that. That was me just fucking up, right? But when I look at this daily chart, you know, for me to say we're...
you know, an expansion on the daily, we're going to need to close above this high. So now if that happened, I would be more convicted in this chart. But until then, you know, I look at this as a potential short. But when you really think about it, it's like, okay, well, you're trying to short at a equilibrium of a daily range, a bullish daily range. It just, to me, it's one of those where it's not where I want it to be for my system. But I think you're drawing upwards as of right now. Again, that's the four hour range, if you look at it, is bearish.
But like I said before, we want to look at the 4-hour range in context, the daily range. And if the daily range is in expansion mode, then we're going to go, we should be drawing up to that high. But I think the best thing to do here would be wait to see how you react to this level, see if you close above it, and then you're going to be looking for longs. And then you can also take into account Bitcoin. I think Bitcoin's going higher, so I would assume all coins will too.
And this isn't something I think where it's going to be a straight shot one way or the other. Crypto loves to do shit like this right here and just fuck around and burn people up. So, you know, just be aware of that. This also end up might be a market maker sell model. So just my eyes kind of catching it. You know, if we start to get a nice, maybe we take out all these equal. I actually like that narrative. So I'll watch for that. What I will do is I'll set my alarm for this level right here.
and just kind of watch for that price action. So if we do get something of this nature in here, and then you start to get those distribution sequences, you could look for that Market Maker model. And if those of you who haven't watched the Market Maker video that I put, it did really well. It's best video as far as terms of performance, so I appreciate you guys running that up, but really go watch it if you haven't watched it. No YouTuber shit. It's a really good video, and I think that a lot of people
completely overthink market maker models. And once you train your eye to see them, you're going to be opening yourself up to a lot more trading opportunity. So that goes over. Oops, now I don't want to delete the alert I just made. Let me answer some of these questions and then I'm going to hop off here.
Save this, please. Yeah, it will be up for sure. What's up, Chapo? MC said silver midnight and 830 open was equal today. Any added significance or info we can take from when that happens. So I just look at the 830 open and midnight as kind of a barometer for premium and discount. So if I'm bullish, I want to buy under the open. If I'm bearish, I want to sell above it. And, you know, with indices.
or anything depending on the expansion you know let's say if you have moved a good deal you can look at under or above the 830 open as your first step and then if you're under or above the midnight open if that's going to be you know more of an extreme premium or discount so um what are my plans for thursday um wait don't don't get involved in the circus as ict would say
It can be extremely painful. Now, I put up a video last week on if you're going to trade high impact news, you can watch for certain points of interest, but just be careful. I'm never going to tell you to go trade on a high impact news day.
Sorry, can you quickly go for ADCAD before you leave? Sure, yeah, sure. I'm going to go over, so I asked for Aussie dollar, and then Aussie CAD, and then FTT Jack Zero, I would just go ahead and delete that one off the watch list. Why did you say that? Is it like pumping or something? So they don't know what to say.
what do you mean ftt is the cleanest moving asset yeah yeah i would go ahead and just x this one off the watch list bro i was going through some of your old videos there was your your crypto watch list was long man i still have it look at this i still have it watch this look you should have been in 2021 playvit
look at look at their there's ones that are deleted look there's one that's the 2021 play that was lit yeah bro it's crazy that what i should have seen crypto chat i mean bro it was just like at that time you know there was some we were swing trading in equity like i mean bro we were literally catching like dude we'd cut we'd be in like 20 to 30 equity positions between playboy would post like a play yeah playboy and glacier would be posting equity positions and like two months later they'd be up 40 60 percent
bro there was that one week in just month after month dude literally in 2021 i remember this was like the last like micro or not even micro the last bull run i guess like when we went to new all-time highs down like at the bottom i remember we i even talked to um care who was somebody on the team like it was multiple we're like damn i want to long the fuck out of a bunch of shit right now but i'm kind of scared i was like hey that means you should you should you know you know if you'd be like that yeah you know
you most of the time should do it so i remember i long like veracity um uh that ygg fucking gaming there was a bunch of alts bro and they were like a hundred percent equity gains in a fucking week it was insanity bro like all spot shit it was crazy
But that's crazy. Yeah 86 yesterday. Oh 86% Yeah, it's gonna be like Luna classic, bro. You know 80 like look at this like or wait FTT 86 But I mean that was like Luna classic has been like thousands of percent I mean, I don't know if it's as extreme as on a classic but oh Wow, it did move a big way on the four-hour. That's disgusting
Yeah, I mean me personally this would be one. I would just be I'd be done. I wouldn't watch it just because I Mean if you look at it if it does reverse here, I'd be kind of falling or what if it just start it's time to rebalance, bro It was just that was just manipulation, bro. This is a power three, but power three
No, but let me go over Aussie I wouldn't be surprised if some bullshit like that happened There's mad sketchy shit around fucking SBF like that case specifically right probably because all of the the bad baby
yeah dude probably because all the fucking political donations hell yeah there was like uh there was like this long i watched like a docu video on it on youtube i feel like he's like a fucking scapegoat if that if that literally is true like they just used i'm actually like not lying like yeah that's literally what like i think too yeah so when i look at monthly chart of aussie cad you know we've got overall um
pretty big swings in price now if we look at the overall structure This is what I would look at and you're bearish, but I mean the monthly range is something that you know I'm more just look at liquidity So if I look we took out this right here
So, you know, we came up and took out the high that failed to produce new low. We can solve it now if you should expand to the downside. So on a monthly level, I think overall, you are bearish. So if we're going to want to map out this, this is probably going to be our weekly structure. Look at a weekly structure. Actually, I don't know. This right here would be a weekly structure. Let me see. You know, let's see. Depends on where we closed.
Yeah, because then I would look at it like he came down took that and closed under it It wasn't just a raid made a new high made a new low. Then you took that high and reclaimed it so The overall weekly is bullish so if I look at And you can do analysis on oil to kind of confidence because CAD is Extremely coiled with oil, but weekly looks good. This looks solid nice to sweep into this order block This place are coming out of it
Price traveled in this fair value gap on the weekly so we can then we took out this liquidity. So now at this point
This is a good example of liquidity, imbalance, rebalance, liquidity. So now what? If we look at the daily chart, so let's look at the weekly is probably an expansion mode. So the daily is most likely bullish, which we can see pretty clearly it is. But if we look at this daily bullish chart, we've got that high resistance run on liquidity now. We haven't really confirmed that we're going to come down. It still seems like price is kind of just hanging out around here.
But if price does start to come down, you can look for areas in a discount. I always wanna say it backwards, like my brain is wired to say that wrong.
You have this fair value gap, which I wouldn't consider all the way mitigated. I think if you come down this low, you'll be coming into this order block right there. So after the daily really starts to hold this displacement, we've seen one push down. So if we're looking at the daily, okay, we expect this daily bullishness to continue once price comes to a discount. But we have taken out this low, so that could tell us that we're starting to pull back into that.
Discount pricing. So we got a four hour here We're not really getting that same energy that we want to see. You know, we came up and took this liquidity right here
Camp and took this liquidity right there, but then we failed to get that displacement to the downside so Failure of displacement tells me higher highs and we could just continue the upside. So this one You know if anything I would probably look at just highs right now I'd look at more like intraday bullish price action And just wait for that 15 minutes to give you that no clue. Uh-huh. Yeah, it's one of those words. Oh, no, I Did not mean to be fucking
No, you're good. You're good. No, but it was actually kind of at work. So to me, I'm like, you know, I see it as the immediate structure is right here and right here and just not overthink it. You got a four hour bullish order block. I swept liquidity in this order block and then moved very massively off of it. So you've got this whole little sell to buy range and you've got some liquidity running it.
So, I mean, to me, I would be just waiting for this. I mean, I wouldn't even be trading all this. If this is all you trade, you know, you could maybe try to catch a scalp opportunity into this low. But I would be watching for something like this. That's where I'm at. Just based off of the overall lackluster reaction off of this liquidity up here, you know, we just moved down to a discount into that order block and then started to expand up. So overall order flow is bullish and the four hour is bullish in the daily. We are in a premium.
It's bullish in the weekly. So it's kind of like when you're bullish everywhere, just because you've taken an area of liquidity, just because you're extended, it's not necessarily going to mean you're going to stop. Maybe the price is drawing all the way to this high. If we look at the weekly, that would be the next target. We came up taking a high, hit an imbalance. Yes, we took this high. So we're hanging out in the line. We haven't seen that displacement down that we need in order to target discount pricing.
So, you know, continuation until proven otherwise. I can't tell you how important it is to not try to just catch fucking reversals. And you can catch them. But, you know, the market most of the time is going to continue until it tells you it's not. So just because price is extended, just because we've taken out buy side liquidity, it doesn't mean that we're going to retrace yet. So stop trying to burn yourself up shorting lower timeframe reversals and then, you know, getting mad at when it doesn't work. You have to.
trade with the higher time frame order flow. So, no, yeah, Jag Zero, I doubt you're trading it, but it is funny to see that. Gary's back, yeah, dude, isn't that shit crazy? And then another thing, the other guy, what's his name? Sam, no, wait.
like sam that's what i was trying to tell you though you're talking about spf right yeah yeah yeah i don't know as much caroline's like i thought like it was her dad or something it was on that that thing i was telling you i was watching but like her dad was like the former like head of like the sec or some no her dad was a professor at mit who worked with or taught gary against with gary yeah oh yeah
the fucking okay yeah that dude that had connections to the sec yeah and that's all like that's not even conspiracy theory shit like you know now what they did yeah i mean that's just like you know they want they were both at mit at the same time but you know how much whatever happened no one knows but i definitely think it's some i think it's just so clear it's like there's some shit that is conspiracy theories and really all of it is until it's like you know fact but it's like i mean if i had to put my money on it there's obviously some shit going on
Kind of crazy how FTX crashes, crypto is fucking collapsing, and then all of a sudden the U.S. is testing their CBDC coin. Look at this guy. Much love to everyone. I'm sure the past few days have been dark for Manny. He's just like, ah, fuck you. Like, fuck this guy.
He's probably hiding out on it. Yeah, right. Yeah, it's just all a coincidence. Look everything. This is so funny. This is golden. Look at this is third to last tweet was Caroline's and if you're looking to minimize the market impact in your FTT sales Alameda will happily buy it all Like this was the stupidest fucking thing if this was like not all oh, I remember like this was like
crucify me cz like any person could tell us i don't use stop losses i was about to say that no but i feel bad like seeing that and it's like you know how many people lost money it's like it's not i don't even want to laugh at it because oh no yeah for sure i feel bad i mean it's awful like tom brady got licked yeah he's gonna be playing football until he's like dude tom brady said he i i tom brady said he put 650 million yeah yeah 671 million yeah bro that was like his that was probably like his whole net worth or something
no i thought that was like uh like probably not it was probably it was probably leveraged with credit he's probably in the billions now that i think about it yeah and it's well it was him and his wife who's like a massive supermodel
damn all right i was i was about to say i i don't know i just people who fucking invest more than they can afford to lose like deserves like what happens to them i'm sorry yeah i mean i mean it's still it's fucked up though like i feel bad for people and it's like shit like that nobody should ever have to happen or it should never nobody should have to go through it but it is a lesson we learned that like any like i got so many messages from people about like which crypto exchange like bro
Anybody who tells you like let me just go ahead and I don't even offend anybody that says anybody who tells you that any exchange is 100% Especially that an affiliate link is a piece of shit because that no one knows I mean we've seen like if FJX can go under you have to be Ready for anything to go. I mean like literally anything and go under you have to be aware of that and not just have all of your money on a You know
a crypto exchange if you're not willing to risk it and i think that that kind of going coincides with like something that nobody does it's kind of like wearing a helmet with uh silent it's kind of like wearing a helmet with skateboard or something but like you shouldn't have all of your money
or well, no, okay, I wear this one. You shouldn't have money that you're not willing to lose in a trading account of any form because if you're a newer trader, your emotions can get the best of you and you might blow that account, whether that's losing it through a fucking rug pull or losing it by rug pulling yourself by trading like an idiot. Or not like, I don't want to say like that because that's fucked up, but like trading like an amateur and then fucking up and you just lost your shit. So it's kind of like you...
you shouldn't have money that you're not willing to lose in any trading account whether it's a fucking regulated you know stock brokerage account or a you know non-kyc crypto account but um the stuff that was nuts to me was they made the the fun part came after like ftx's like thing happened and the i forgot his name the ceo of binance like he tweeted out oh we're looking to buy it and it was so like
Most people who were like actually look at the situation or like obviously he's bluffing and then the people they shorted BNB and they made so much money So so much money. Yeah, that's great Oh, yeah Aussie dollar. Sorry about that. I forgot Okay, it's been a while I didn't it's pushed up. I wanted this to be more bearish. This is not the right chart That's why I was like this isn't hold on
So I wanted this to be more bearish out of this level. I'm going to just delete some of this because I can redraw it and there's too much. I wanted us to push down off this order block, but it does not seem like we want to do that. Now we've spiked this high. I haven't closed above it, but it's like, you know, this, this right here, this imbalance is kind of, this kind of goes back to, we look here on the weekly.
We have a nice push down. The reason that I wanted to short from here is because I saw the daily displacement out of this, and I wanted to get a second sweep into this order block. If we draw it by our bodies, and some of you may have been here when we went over this, if we draw it by the bodies, it never tapped into it, but it did tap into the wick. No sweep into it, though. To me, that's not really an ideal mitigation, but sometimes that is how it goes.
But after we have came up now and tapped into that high, which is the weekly internal high, we haven't closed above it. So this weekly closure is going to be pretty telltale for me. If we close into that, I would look for maybe a retrace with an overall upside.
But we're DX Y's up, you know, it's where we're weird place with a lot of currencies I've been kind of shown on Aussie dollar after this setup failed because that gets invalidated. So now I'm at a point where my biases You know It kind of goes to go either way. So my advice would be to wait until after we get a closure on the weekly above this level Because if we get that then we would look for you know, yeah a retracement down making its order block
Or other points of interest and then more upside but until then it's not as clear to set up Gala. Yeah, we'll go over Gala Holy fuck. I didn't shit pop. I did not realize it did that. I'm not gonna lie. Goddamn What the fuck?
That is insane, bro. Is there like let's see if there's a different part? What's funny is um, the OG playbook members will know Gluckman hit me up on in Texans like yo gala's about to pump I swear to god. It was like the fucking bottom like it was literally like let me find it hold on I'll finally text me it was like the actual bottom and I was like why he's like it's just about a problem and for those those you who know bill
That will hit home. Hold on. Let's see. Yeah, dude, it was literally on December 29th. So that was right at the actual bottom. He texted me and said, look, he said,
Picking three coins to auto draft You can see I don't know if it's gonna thing on a draft Mike I said gala's one for me and then we started talking about it I don't know if you guys could see that or not, but um, I told him I was like just do Bitcoin and eat for auto drafting like, you know DCA like daily or weekly DCA which I still stand by that but It was the 29th like the actual fucking bottom. Anyways, I mean I couldn't tell you this one. I knew we hit all-time lows and is there another
Probably Kukuin maybe had the longest chart. Yeah. Okay. This might make one more sense. Well, I mean, not really. We took out this. I mean, I don't know if you can consider... You can't. It was a joke. This isn't a fair value gap. There's no candle before it, but maybe there's some daily fair value gap here. I don't... We went to the original candle and have now pushed massive upside.
I mean, this is like some complete mayhem. Yeah. High probability conditions. Yeah. I don't know. I think this one is one. If you like the company and you're fundamentally convicted, go for it. But, you know, price action, this one to me, I'm just, I don't know. I mean, who knows? You could.
You could go up to this for value gap. That'd be pretty crazy But again, this is one I don't even want to give too much of an opinion because it's just such it's such shit when price action This is one of those. It's like it's like trying to pay on safe man at this point. It's not that bad, but If you were to get a close above this high right here You could just play the daily price action and try to long it based off that but
Yeah, I don't know Definitely wouldn't be just trying to sort this right now. I'll tell you that this is one of those Epic Games partnership. Okay. Well, then that's been a while for grit, right? That was a long time ago. I think I remember that that grits like a Western Or maybe okay, nevermind. It was recently. That's why that was today. Wait, no, is that right? Hold on
Yeah, no see it's April 20. Oh, wait, that's 10. That's 2022. Okay, that was trippy. Okay, never mind. Sorry. I was like, wait, what? I was like, this should spend a month more. No, that was like a year ago, though. That's why I was so confused. Because I looked up like a partnership, but you know, who knows? Also, something else that just came to mind. If anybody ever needs a...
like watch list you go to sandwich.finance and they have trading view watches for crypto tons of stuff this is um we'll plug if you guys need any kind of watch list for any of the futures exchanges
Yes, but more development. Oh, it got released. Okay, that makes no sense. That makes sense. I think Gala, I mean, the people behind Gala are the same people behind Zynga, which is the farm bill, all the cell phone games. So it's like, I can definitely see, you know, the intrinsic value from a fundamental standpoint. But yeah, like I said, as far as technicals go, it's a crap shoot, my opinion. 28 games in development. Oh, okay. Yeah, that would make sense.
But on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I went a little over. I'm supposed to go do something. So I appreciate you all coming through. As always, if you could, like, comment, subscribe, do all that shit. I appreciate it. It helps me out a ton. And I will see you guys on Thursday. Peace.
