That's good. We'll give everybody a couple minutes to get in here. Hope everybody had a good Thanksgiving, for those that are listening already. It was good, man. It was good. Somebody asked her how my Thanksgiving was for context, but that's not in Discord.
It was nice. I stayed away from the charts for the most part. There was one day where I was sitting in my girlfriend. We were at her family. We stayed at their house, and I was watching charts and backtesting and doing some stuff on QuickBooks. But other than that, other than a three-hour period, I completely was not in work mode or chart mode or whatever, which is pretty rare for me. I'm usually, even if I'm not working,
or, you know, actively trading or doing something directly. I'm always kind of like in that mentality, so to speak. Do you have a good Thanksgiving, Haas? My cat, man, he just will not. Lately, he's, ever since I got this new monitor, he like can get behind it and he's like never ending, just up here fucking around. Quit it. It was okay, cool. Well, I hope everything went good. Oh, wow, everything's dumping a little bit hard right here at the lunch hour.
Now we're moving deeper into this area that I like this zone for potential balance here. We have this. So if I'm going to hide this for a second, I'll just leave it up. This is a one hour breaker block for those who are wondering what this is. So there's a one hour breaker block and then a four hour imbalance here where we're at. So as far as the most recent four hour displacement, I see this.
And it's right in a discount. We have that one hour breaker. So every time I see these levels kind of coinciding with each other, I like that more than just a POI by itself, so to speak. And what we would want here is one of our lower timeframes to give us some displacement to the upside. Nice little rate on all these stops right here.
So what you'd want to see here is a pretty quick and sharp reaction out of the zone. As far as confirming a four-hour zone, usually if it was just a four-hour, I would look for a 15-minute confirmation.
which would be probably a shift above this high as of right now, which would be a lot. So could see some consolidation. You could try to use a five minute. Now, I think that today, I could be wrong. I think today we'll move a little farther down overall.
We might see some retracement off that liquidity. Looks like a nice pump. But until we get back above really the highs we put in this morning, then I would be kind of sit on the sidelines. But nice, sharp reaction out of that zone, which is a good sign. And this is a zone that I've had drawn up. So right now it's kind of more of a waiting game, for me at least. I'm not going to try to rush anything.
We'll kind of do this together because I really haven't looked at charts much. So this daily chart, we're in this daily imbalance, and we've got these equal highs. So it's the previous week's high. It's actually this now, but I'm going to just put equal highs.
So I like this level. Overall, it's 40-50 level just because it hasn't been cleared. I think that would be a nice draw because if you look, we had this move up, shift in structure, or really not a shift since we were already kind of bullish here. And then we have this imbalance we're trading within that we've refined out of that four hour. So if we can get that confirmation, I would look for 40-50 on ES. At that point, that's when you would try to revisit and maybe get...
a re a deeper retracement but of course you don't want to just bet the farm on that on us reversing above there we want to wait till price gets up there and then reassess that so until that you know i'm sitting on my hands no need to rush anything um
Again, we need to see displacement above some of these levels to really confirm that we're going to come out of this zone nicely. Nice reaction so far, but that's not really holding the displacement, so we could see more lows. Basically, on ES, what I'm looking for is either a reversal in this zone, that four-hour zone. If we don't reverse there, I would be looking for new lows.
So if we don't get a nice reverse, and it doesn't have to be, I'm not saying if we tick just below this zone, I'm looking for new lows, but if we don't start to see bullish price action within this region, that's going to push us up to what I am anticipating to be the draw, then I would probably just look for new lows.
So if that happens and we make new lows, I still would look at these highs. They would still be an overall draw later on. But, you know, we don't want to force anything and we don't want to jump the gun, so to speak. So I think it's really important patience when we're at levels like this because I like the setup, but it needs more. So we don't want to rush into it just because we like the setup. We want to make sure we are...
selective with opportunities we take and the risks we take that come with them so let's look at euro dollar so
Took this daily high right here Coming towards that month the order block and the weekly order block right here I originally wanted us last week to make a move to the downside, but we did not do that It seems that we had to take this external liquidity. So now we've created this inter or this external liquidity Swept that liquidity with a nice market maker sell model. I'm anticipating at least I didn't catch this I was doing some work this morning. Like I said, I haven't really looked at charts today
So we see this original consolidation here, and I taught a full class on how to use market maker models and have different profit targeting and all that good stuff in the private Discord, which you can get a free trial to with the link that's in the description. Now, this is what I've already hit some of the targets had you executed off this, because I like taking some profits at the imbalance created between the first and second range.
And then the final target would be down here. But we had a nice consolidation where traders that were looking to go long to break out from that daily level. Remember, we took that daily high. There's also a bearish order block. But breakout traders were looking for reason to get long all in here. They wanted to target this as a breakout level. Now, we know if we're looking at that daily high, we look at it in the terms that there is liquidity resting beyond it. And we also have a weekly order block that was being recapitalized.
On top of that, the daily is in premium of an impulse swing and we've taken buy side liquidity. So we know that price likes to move from internal liquidity to external liquidity, which we've done and back to fair market value. So that's going to be closer down into this daily imbalance and this order bog would be an overall draw on Euro dollar.
When we look at the one hour, we haven't necessarily got that displacement yet. So you guys know that, especially in the private discord, I like to confirm my daily bias and treat the one hour kind of as my second daily chart. So really until we get under this and hold displacement under it, I wouldn't be looking to like swing any shorts or have a bias that's going to lead me to target farther than intraday liquidity.
But I think here we have a pretty good example of a market maker sell. We have those traders that are looking to get long. That's engineering liquidity under this range. Then we have more late traders, liquidity there. And then we have our smart money reversal, giving that shift in structure, return to this breaker block right here.
So now that's our second leg of distribution, return to the premium fair value gaps. There's two opportunities to get involved there. Also, the second entry was right after the 830 open. So that's going to be higher probability situation there. So, you know, first target would have been mad. It would have been really anywhere in these fair value gaps.
You could target liquidity if you wanted here. I don't know if it hit that or not. It did not. And then, of course, you can target the range lows down there. Now, I wouldn't be trying to participate in this because it's already really played out. Like the way that I would like to play this setup would have been the low risk sales, which would be up here. That's usually the way I trade. Or you could have traded that second confirmation.
but overall bias with the euro dollar i think we're going to see some downside this week i know i kind of um didn't hit it on the head last week i wanted us to see downside and i was a little early we didn't execute any trades off of it in the discord but and and that's an example of you know i've tried i tried to explain to you guys and a lot of people think that once you learn things you're always right and a lot of people that are on twitter or on youtube will make they'll conveniently word things or they'll
It's like the funniest thing in smart money concepts. People will be like, oh, well, if this happens, it's going to go up. And if this happens, it's going to go down, which I get it. You have levels you're looking for and certain things like I have with ES, but some people make it to where they're never wrong and never give you a straight answer. So it's okay to be wrong. Just don't try to relentlessly execute off of it. We didn't take any trades off of that bias because I didn't see anything I liked.
Because there wasn't, my bias was incorrect. We wanted to move up. Now, somebody asked about the weekly order block on EU has now been tapped into twice. How do we, I guess I'm guessing you meant to put, how do we know if a block is still valid or mitigated after being tapped into once? There's a couple of different ways and strategies people use. So you could use equilibrium of the body of the candle. So like for instance, you could have said,
You know, if we're talking about this, you know, you take the body and you put a fib tool and some people say it's not mitigated if the EQ isn't tapped. Some people say if it goes past the EQ and closes there that it's invalidated. The way I like to look at it is from a little bit more of a practical perspective. And if we know that smart money was selling all through this candle.
because smart money is going to sell on those up moves. And if their orders are going to be mitigated there, we know that...
It could be anywhere in this block. On a weekly time frame, we can go to a daily. We can try to refine this. You could even say this is the order block inside that weekly order block. You can try to refine it as much as you want. You can say it's going to go higher. To be honest, to answer the question, there's no way to know for 100% sure, but there are ways to try your best to develop a mechanical and consistent
strategy in terms of what you deem as an order block and what you don't. For me, I don't want to see price on a higher time frame, say weekly. I just don't want to see price trade past it or trade past the swing high that's near it. That's just my strategy. Now, if I'm on a lower time frame, like a one hour or something, I'll use the equilibrium and I don't want to see a closure by that mean threshold. But in my experience on a higher time frame charts, you will get that and sometimes it will steal.
move now re order blocks are recapitalized all the time meaning once they have been tapped they often get tapped again i think that it's a good practice especially for lower time frames if you have an order block and let's say price comes down into it and does this and taps
You get your market structure shift. Sometimes people develop strategies that don't allow a trade here because they're waiting for this liquidity to be swept. So you might get something like this, a push up above these equal highs, and then price sweeps down and stops you out and then gives that model. And maybe you execute there too, and you have two trades where one gets stopped out.
And then the second does not. And that's okay. We take losses, but I think it's important to limit them. So I like trading sweeps of zones. So for instance, if price has came into the zone once, we generate liquidity at that low. Sometimes you'll get missed and this trade will work and the trade will go on without you. But I think it's good to wait for a sweep using lower timeframes. And we can see that that is what happened on a higher timeframe here at the EURUSD. We traded into DPOI.
and a sweep.
So after that sweep, if we're on a daily time frame, I like to use a one hour again to kind of confirm that, so to speak. So here I want to see displacement under this range and I want to see it hold. Or I want to see a higher high put in and then displacement under whatever low is made between now and then. That's what will confirm my bias, so to speak. So if that happens, I will look for a return to a fair market value of the most recent impulse swing.
which is going to be this imbalance right here or this order block for an optimal trade entry. After that, I do see more upside for EURUSD. I don't think that this rally is just over yet. So Bitcoin, I can give out too much thoughts because...
Watch you guys try to figure out why, but I think that Bitcoin looks pretty good for upside here. It could take a little while consolidating in this range. Ideally, we don't want to see us go under this range. Do I record my lives? Yeah, everything's recorded. Everything is on my YouTube. You can go back and watch all the old stuff. Mohammed asked if we can check oil, and we will as soon as we're done with Bitcoin. So what I like here in this range, so to speak,
because it's kind of choppy, but we took that low and then we took this low. Now, this is after the daily liquidity has been taken. We took that low right there. So now we are starting to get what looks like it could be a potential high resistance run on liquidity. So what does that mean?
Well, if you have an area that you want to see taken, like sell-side liquidity or buy-side liquidity, and then you see a violent push under it, we know that is the characteristics of a liquidity rate. Now, until we get those breaks of structure, confirming that Smart Money is buying up that dip and buying those stops, then we don't really know if it is a liquidity rate, but we can use the lower timeframes for that. We can wait for a shift in the daily, which we have not got yet, which is okay.
Everybody's strategy different. You might wait for that shift in the daily. You might not. What I see here is a push down, which has created a pretty massive displacement range. So do I see the idea that we go much higher, that all of this is one large power of three accumulation and then manipulation down below?
We've been talking about this since the FTX crash, which we shorted XMR down the entire FTX crash. Do I see something like this? Yeah, I do. But for me to confirm something that massive, I want to see the daily come back into this range. Really, I want to see the daily with volume get back above 17.7-ish and hold it, not just get back above it. So what I'm looking for right now...
Whenever we talk about this impulse range we created, we know that price likes to move from internal to external back to a fair value. Again, same principles we were talking about in the daily. So if we see that, I'm going to move this. Let me just redraw this. We're drawing this big dealing range that was created with a lot of news manipulation and a lot of volume. This cleaned a range that we'd been consolidating in for months.
So, okay, this chart is actually ugly. I'm gonna go to a different one. So yeah, see, I was missing this massive fair value gap.
This is the draw, so to speak, that I think price is gravitating towards overall, or at least is setting up to. The reason I think that is we took out that daily low, and then now we've created a one-hour range where we took out that low there. So all the early traders have been stopped. People are getting exhausted through these ranges. Orders are accumulating on both sides, and traders are getting slaughtered, so to speak, if they're trying to scalp this. Maybe you're not. Maybe you're doing great, but most people aren't.
in these ranges that's what they're designed to do so we have this imbalance at a premium of the current dealing range that was created with the ftx crash and it's sitting above these relatively equal highs this is what i like to call low hanging fruit in terms of the one hour time frame so we have a uh pretty clear setup in my opinion here and we do have the one hour
shifting, telling us that it wants to go higher. So we get that initial push right there. We then create another imbalance that we have now traded into. Now notice how we traded down right here. Early traders got in the market, trying to catch the bottom, and we're sniped out right there. That's exactly what we want to see for a continuation upside. Now we do have an imbalance right here, kind of a displacement move to the downside.
So with that being said, we could even see another lower low here.
And the stock market looks like, I haven't looked at it since we looked, but it needs more confirmation. It looks like it wants to rally a little bit if it can get above those highs. But as of right now, I see the first tap into a zone. Also, another pattern we can watch for are three drives. So we have one, two, and we could get maybe a third drive, which would then liquidate these traders. And if you get a shift there, that's where the real start move starts happening.
This would be more one. I'm not going to give you guys... I will reveal that there is a trade plan for this in the private Discord. I'm not going to give out everything, but I'm giving you guys more than enough that you need to do this on your own.
Overall, I like this look. And whenever we're in a discount market and we have taken external liquidity, which we did right there, right when we took that low. So now we look at price in the terms that price is at a discount. We've recently taken sell-side liquidity. Where is price likely to go towards? Premium.
Again, if we're in a discount and price has recently taken sell-side liquidity, where is price likely to go towards? And the answer is premium. So while nothing is always right for sure, and we could make another lower low, but we are looking for price and looking for more signals and more confluences to look for a higher market. So if we look here as well, for those of you who understand power of three, I see a potential narrative here.
So we're starting to see these acute, just like we saw over here. You see in prices fractals, a lot of times once, if the market is in that cycle, you'll start to see it translate throughout timeframes. So what I would ideally like here is since we're feeling this imbalance right here, we might see lower lows. Now, if we get a lot of volume pushing up into this range and it holds, then there's no reason to see lower lows. But if we don't hold this displacement, we don't come back into this range.
then we'll most likely see another low down here and then hopefully start to see that consolidation that we want to see to push to the upside. Because overall, the market gave us this displacement right here. If we'd like, oops, wrong tool. We can extend this. If we look, we're at optimal trade entry. So I think that crypto looks like it wants some juice. A lot of that's going to be dependent on the stock market though. The stock market is kind of...
Crypto's overlord. Also, anonymous, I'm feeling a lot better for sure. I appreciate you asking. I know it was like the month-long flu. It was like, I was literally, for those of you who have been here for a while, I got tired of me coughing and sniffling all the time. Also, I'm glad you're enjoying the stream. Sorry, I couldn't talk. My mind went blank. So let me ask if I could do oil.
So we've done a lot of analysis on oil and most of this study, we went over this in the class in depth, but along with another example, here's a great example of a market maker sell model on oil. So overall context, we had a bearish daily range.
Price had generated internal liquidity in a premium after tapping this fair value gap. Price failed to make a lower low. So we know that oftentimes if price fails to make a lower low, for instance, if we move up, we move to a premium and we move down, but we don't get any kind of market structure shift.
So we don't get a market structure shift. We don't know for sure if the market is reaching down towards this liquidity. So what has to happen here? We develop more structure and we manipulate more traders into going along thinking we're going to break out from this high. And we know that that's a liquidity pool. So price goes up, barely taps out liquidity pool, moves violently away. We get a shift there.
right there, which gives us an idea. Then we get a fair value gap, which gives an entry. Second shift, fair value gap, which gives an entry. So now that this is completed, we've taken out this daily low. I'm gonna go to another chart so it's a little cleaner.
And we talked about this chart. This was our draw. I think we were up here and I was saying, shouldn't try to really long this until you start to get shifts because it's getting so close to this draw, which now we have taken and we have traded into a weekly order block. So when I'm looking at this daily chart, I'm going to go, I'm going to delete some of this stuff.
There we go. So when I'm looking at this daily chart, look, we've tapped in the order block once, took in sell side liquidity, and we took it again. So here is where I would look for the one hour to give a shift in structure, which we definitely got. So pretty big set of imbalances here. There's a nice liquidity void. I like this high. So what I would look for here is if you get it, which you might, because you have some...
Some gaps and imbalances we're tapping into that are at a premium of this current range So we could see a push down now This is if we weren't in context of the weekly or in the daily you would look at this as a selling opportunity But I don't think it's gonna be that I don't think it's a high probability selling opportunity Just because we've tapped on that weekly range and swept the lows here and we kind of this three drive going for our So what I would look for
is if this displacement kind of cools down, for instance, if we get some kind of sideways movement and then start to retrace, I would look in a discount of that range, whatever that is, I'm not saying it's going to happen here, but when that does happen, I would look for a discount, fair value gap, order block, or breaker block from an old range, it's probably going to be an order block or breaker block to trade off of. Now, if price just does the dash and takes this, then I would do the same. I would look for a...
discount, fair value gap to trade off of. Now, we look at the weekly chart, got a pretty clear imbalance right here. And if we look at the monthly chart, we've tapped also into a monthly order block here.
So I see potential for price to return at least to this weekly imbalance. I'm going to go ahead and mark this level as a weekly imbalance. It's a discount of it. And I will mark this level as a weekly imbalance premium. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to delete some of these old levels just to kind of clean my chart up. We're inside this monthly and weekly order block.
Daily swept liquidity after we tapped the zone. One hour is giving a shift. So I think this is a good setup after a retracement to get long and target some of these highs in this range that we've created on the way up to that.
weekly imbalance. So these relatively equal highs, also a low resistance run on liquidity. So notice how this push up. It really didn't run much. I mean, it ran all this, but we pushed up and just failed to make a higher high. So we know that smart money wasn't really getting massively active here. So for instance, if we want to see smart money getting active, we want to see this and then a reversal. You don't want to see this because that's just liquidity.
Smart Money doesn't get in trades like that. So if we tap into a zone, Smart Money is going to do what? They're going to liquidate the early traders before buying. And that's how we get that confirmation. And that's why we use this as our entry model. We don't use this or we make that lower high and then push down. Or if you do use it, it's going to be lower probability, I should say.
What I would overall, if we could get a retracement here, I would probably target into this high and into these highs. And that would be the end of that narrative. Because you've also got a lot of liquidity just building up in the form of this trendline phantom right there. A lot of people are looking to short there. A lot of people are short from there. So that's what I would be looking at is that weekly imbalance at 82.35 as a draw.
Let's take a look at indices and see how they're doing. Nice displacement on the zone, but like I said before, we failed to hold it. Kind of choppy, sloppy price action. It's kind of weird. We dumped right at, I know it wasn't right at 12. It was actually three minutes after. We dumped right at, it was weekend at lunch hour and liquidated all the morning in London session traders. Actually, did we? Yeah, I did take out London. Yeah, I don't think that today is going to be a massive day. I could be wrong. Could totally be wrong.
I see this more as a bearish power of three for the daily candle. So we had that price action starting in London. We put in that range. Price moves up into a order block right here. Shift down. It looks like a bearish open high, low close day. But I think that the meat off the bone, so to speak, may have already occurred here. NASDAQ flew up.
Price action is just pretty sloppy here. ES looks like it wants to go a little higher. NASDAQ has really been in its own world lately. I mean, well, I guess US 30 would be the one we'd use that term for.
Also, another thing, guys, we're having a Cyber Monday sale for Playbit. If you are a member now or if you are somebody that's been thinking about it, we have a really crazy deal going on. It's half off your annual subscription, which saves you. The annual is already heavily discounted, so you can get another 50% off that. The code is CF50. So there you go.
You can use that at the link that's in the description, and that'll get you half off your entire year at PlayBit. And for those that are new to the channel, PlayBit's where I teach my private classes and where we give out trade signals and trade ideas for myself and a team of, I'm not even sure how many, a lot of other analysts, and a lot of members give their own TA as well. And also just be a part of the community with other smart money concepts, traders, and then traders for other strategies as well.
Oops, didn't do that. This week will be a short one for me as far as activity. I'll be going on vacation on Thursday. So I'll be streaming Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday at noon. And then we'll be done for the week. There's dollar cut. I haven't looked at like any charts this week. If you guys want some charts to be looked at, you can throw them out. It's like a DXY actually.
I looked at this earlier. I did take this low and moved off it pretty rapidly. Now, we don't have a shift here. If we are looking for a pushup on the one hour, ideally, we'd want to see this shift. And this is all occurring inside of a weekly order block on the bullish weekly order block. So we took those lows. It's barely taken them. I'm going to push deeper into this daily candle if you're using that.
Now, if we're on a weekly chart,
DXY. As far as our most recent impulse swing, you have got a pretty bearish range as far as, just again, not our swing structure, our external structure. We're just talking about our most recent impulse swing, which I would use this for. Because why this and not this? Because if you look, price moved up, it moved down, it moved up, it's consolidating, and then boom, that's the displacement. This is our dealing range where we know that large players got involved.
If we look here, we have a weekly breaker block right here. That is just under a premium, so I'm not going to pay too much mind of that. On a daily time frame, we've got a bearish order block.
in a premium at 109.651. And then we've also got an imbalance just below it. So if the one hour can shift up here, I would look for a higher DXY, but it's too early to be on that. But that is something I'm watching for and that you guys can mark your charts up and you can tweet it at me. DM it to me and I'll do my best to help. We did see this low taken. So again, just keep things simple. Everybody wants to overcomplicate things.
and go crazy with the big words and smart money concepts. If we're looking at an area's liquidity and it gets taken, we then look for a shift in structure, making a higher high instead of making lower lows and lower highs to kind of confirm that smart money is indeed buying up those stops. So again, we just liquidity raid, we take an old level.
You want to see levels be broken. Until then, it's just an idea. Now, you can go in and try to be more aggressive and say, okay, well, I'm very bullish, so I'm going to use my five-minute and say, okay, well, we've shifted structure there. But just be aware that that shift in structure could be telling you that the market was just retracing the most recent one-hour dealing range since you were using a... I already took that high. Since you were using a...
five minute to confirm in one hour. I mean, to be quite honest, if you want to be aggressive, you could use that. But Mondays usually kind of develop a range and generate a lot of liquidity to then be taken on Tuesday and Wednesday before the true move of the week starts. Crow and Uris, like Lambo Uris. What's Uris? Let's just look at this first coming. Oh, shit coin vibes. I don't know if it's, I mean, yeah, it looks like a shit coin.
You know, I think automatically trading these coins is low probability by definition in terms of like just general price action. Just because it's more gambling in a sense. But we have relatively equal highs here.
We also have relatively equal lows here. If this were me, if I didn't know this was a shitcoin chart and I was trying to trade this, ideally you would want to see this get taken and then a shift under that. I wouldn't touch this until then personally on a daily timeframe. This isn't really super clear. I mean, you do have this low getting taken and you do have us kind of...
I mean, you're taking some of these highs where there are a lot of equal highs. So if we have those highs taken and we get a one hour reversal, which we did.
And you guys take this to a grain of salt because this is a total shit coin. Don't come back and tell me that my TA was wrong. Cause I'm telling you there's a high chance that anything you do on this can be wrong. Because I mean, look at it, but you know, you got to shift to the downside. So this could suggest that we want to move lower. Now, where would we move lower? Again, I'm going to use this dealing range. We've got a fair value gap at a discount. So you get a reversal here and this holds.
We get another displacement move down. For instance, if we take out this low with force, then you could probably look for a move into this zone. That's just using the logic of daily impulse ranges and one hour market structure telling us what we're moving towards. So I said, been down only since 286. You've been in this, it's $2.96. You're fucking Lambo season. I don't think that's at this list. That's probably not what you meant.
Let's take a look at Crypto.com. Next Ponzi. I'm just kidding. I mean, I wouldn't be surprised. I fucking can't stand this company. Here's a fucking... This is not bullshit either. This is not just like biased. Crypto.com literally took my account for no reason. I really wasn't doing anything shady. It was when Crow was...
At like, I think it was at like, I'll tell you the dates. When did it get, they don't even have a fucking chart because they're so shitty.
Thank you. I want to say it was like 11 cents because Playboy and Playbit, he had said to buy Crowquin a long time ago. This is like a long, long time ago. Like probably like, no, no, it was. It was like back in the first bull run. It was like here. All right. So I bought Crow somewhere in like this region right here on this move up.
I held that shit through all the madness. And then, right whenever I tried to sell it, because I had my crypto account, like my crypto.com account, and...
they literally just, I can't remember what their reasoning was, but they had locked my account because I went to, I went, I had the money in there and it was like, it was like a grand, a little over a grand. It went to like seven grand because it was like up in this region. So it was when I was close to 70 cents and I went, I was like, oh shit, crow's pumping, you know? So I was like, I have some of that. Let's go sell it. So I went in the account, sold it. And then when I tried to withdraw, it said that I was, um,
It said that I was unable to withdraw for some bullshit reason. So don't ever put your money in crypto.com. And I wouldn't tell you guys that if, like, fuck them. Like, they do not trust crypto.com. I don't give a fuck. If people say, oh, look, they have LeBron. I don't care. Fucking FTX had Tom Brady. I don't mean shit. But there's my rant on crypto.com.
Overall, looks like we're tapping into this monthly order block. Yeah, I mean, this looks pretty good to be honest, as far as just the monthly. I mean, obviously we need a lot more than that. So I'd say this is your monthly range you're dealing within from this 11 cents down to seven cents. So now if I go to a weekly and we have this most recent impulse move.
you can draw that so just be mindful of this now we want to probably we can look at this as a breaker if you want to use the right here let me do this i'll just move it to a breaker mindful of that that's probably an optimal trade entry as well the breaker looks nice overall on a weekly i actually like that for a weekly draw this breaker block right here well
Yeah, I mean stops were taken right there. I'm gonna find this further on a daily So on a daily timeframe, we've got an order box sitting right at a equilibrium That's could pose a problem even though at the beginning of its foreign a discount
It's something to watch out for. I don't really like this daily chart, to be honest. That weekly breaker still would be the cleanest area. There's also some internal liquidity right here. So we can go ahead and mark that out. There's something to keep an eye on. Hence the eye. But something to keep an eye on there. Now, I don't like how we didn't take this low. Not a fan of that. The one hour here.
You have this range that we've kind of formed right here. We took that liquidity right there. So what was that move into? Looks like filling a fair value gap. And also you could use this as demand if you're looking at it in that sense.
We filled that fair value gap. We didn't make a lower low than the first candle in the fair value gap. So if we can get a nice structural shift here, you could see a push up for sure. We've got a lot of liquidity generated up here. I think this would be one of the setups I wouldn't really pay attention to. I think there's better setups in crypto. And the reason for that is we never took the range lows here.
Oh, you got in at 13 on yours. Well, what was price at right now? Oh, fucking sell half and run up. If you take something, I'm not an NFA, not financial advice, but fuck. Just, I don't, don't, you know.
I learned my lessons of trying to hodl. I would be selling the fuck out. If it were actually me, I'd probably sell everything, like 80% or something, but that's just me. If you sell 50% now, you're up almost 100%. What I would do is I would take your initial out. That way you don't FOMO in, but be prepared to see it go to zero. At the end of the day, it's usher bucks after you've made your money back. GRT, Joe Money. Gotcha.
Nice tree harmonics that hit clean. It's a weekly bat right off B point. It was actually super fire. I mean, this coin looks dead as fuck if you want my honest opinion. Like this doesn't look, I mean, it's barely even, I mean, it's literally barely moved for five months. Personally, I wouldn't really want to touch this just looking at this. I mean, there's just not much for you. You know what I mean? Like in the weekly bias.
You know, I would still look for higher pricing just because you haven't made it to a premium Maybe you look at this order block Daily timeframe same thing. You've got this water box starting right there. So I'd probably move this over here
I mean, that would be what I'd watch for. If you wanted a little more low-hanging fruit, you've got this imbalance. But again, I wouldn't be, this is just not what I'd be paying attention to. I think this is a very mediocre chart and not much interest in it. So I wouldn't even waste my time with this. I mean, maybe, I don't want to say it like, that sounds like being a dick or something. I wouldn't want to watch this personally, just because I think there's more valuable stuff to watch.
But where you're at right now, if you were watching it, I would look for higher prices and you are tapping into this imbalance here. Ideally, it would be nice to get another sweep and take out this low, kind of like what Bitcoin did. So for me, I'd wait for that and then a shift. But if you're a little aggro and you want to trade, maybe if you get above this, like massive displacement, look for an imbalance and then use whatever entry model you use to target that draw.
XRP, Adaliki wants. I'm just going to mark off all this. So pretty wide range here. We are in discount of this range, speaking of the monthly, the range between the most recent order blocks that I talk about the strategy and some of the private classes, but there's a reason I selected those order blocks. I think there's a lot of liquidity built up under this, but we did get a weekly structural shift.
And then also a weekly structural shift down. Now, did we take, so this low is 3,120, 3,110. So it did take this low there. So we could be reaching for lower. I mean, ideally we'd want this 28 cent mark. That would be ideal because that'd be that monthly order block. And if you notice, we have this area right here. There's going to be a massive amount of stops.
So front running that zone, we also have this fair value gap. We are in on a daily or weekly chart. Now, if we look at the most recent impulse move, we have indeed moved to a premium. Let's hop on a daily. We've moved into this fair value gap. We want to refine that a little bit.
Now we do still have liquidity to the upside. So until we get a shift down, meaning we take a low with displacement, I wouldn't really look for the home run shorts here just because you've got a pretty massive, I just use this because it's the big volume candle, daily order block. This is where I would rather short from just because if I was going to short, I should say, because
we have that at a deeper premium, probably closer to optimal trade entry. We also have a full fill of this imbalance. Now, what I will say is you just took this weekly low right here. If you get above this high, because we say we watch this level, now if price gets to it and doesn't give us what we need and we get above these highs, I would say that's pretty bullish for the XRP chart. And I would probably look for a move above the highs right here. So you've got buy side liquidity resting above that.
So two scenarios I see. You move up, you get your nice daily shift and structure up here, maybe a four hour market maker sell, target this low. Or if you get a shift above this with displacement, look for whatever impulse move gave you that shift on a daily timeframe, target discount arrays, and then look to trade into the buy side liquidity. But this is still developing in my opinion. BP wants Doge.
um this looks rough as far as the daily the weekly doesn't look bad actually the weekly looks pretty good i like this high i know it's kind of crazy but on the weekly chart and the monthly chart doesn't look as hot to be quite honest
Monthly chart looks scary, but I still mark it up, but that's kind of the monthly range you're operating in. I know that's a little crazy, but got a weekly chart. You went higher than these order blocks. So I think that at once higher, it seems like it's...
This up here is intriguing because we came up took that high and then made a lower high So I'd look at these low resistance runs on liquidity and we also have a shift in structure right here And if we look at this range, we've definitely came back down to a discount most likely an optimal trade entry A little deeper than optimal trade entry. It looks like we type traded into
This imbalance. Price didn't sweep that low, which I don't necessarily like. But I mean, honestly, it doesn't look terrible here. So you could look at that as a shift if you wanted to. I mean, it's being a little more aggressive. We are operating in context that weekly timeframe. We've got a nice daily order block here. Also coinciding with this fair value gap. So overall, I like this little zone right here.
Trail in fulfill here. I would look for a retracement Overall if you could get a and see look at these the again low resistance runs on liquidity So that usually means that that's being preserved for later. So if you get a push into this fair value gap I think you could get a high probability short set up into this daily fair value gap So for instance If you see price move up here and then you go on your lower time frames and you get that entry model Yeah, I would look for a push down
Ethereum Classic, and this will be the last one I do today. So push into this fair value gap. Let me go on a monthly chart. I'm going to delete all this. I'm bad about doing that. So we got a little oversold in this range. Trading in that monthly order block now looks like we're going down. We've got some sell side liquidity right here. Now on the weekly, we have this massive impulse move. Our price came up, filled out all internal liquidity. Now we've shifted to the downside.
We left this right here. I think that we might have a complex pullback here. I mean, this would be pretty massive on the weekly, but the reason I like this imbalance, as you see, we moved up into a premium here, got the high resistance run on liquidity, shifted structure, and never mitigated that fair value gap. And we just kind of made the slow run down, mitigated this fair value gap, shorts entered the market here. So there's going to be trailing stops there. So that's probably going to get targeted. And then if we get up there, we're not far from this weekly imbalance.
We traded down here into these imbalances. Let's see what a daily is looking like. So with the daily, I see a shift right there, a little bit of a retracement into this zone. Now here, what I would like to see, I'm actually glad you brought this chart up because I like this, but we need more on the one hour. So what I want to see in the one hour is A, a shift into this zone, and then rapid expansion, or B,
I shift above these highs with displacement, practically counter closures. That would lead me to look to frame longs. I'd probably look at this fair value gap. I'd probably look at this high and then up there. I'll do one last one. So that's my US 30. Originally I wanted to short this earlier, but we did not get what I was looking for. Took the high here. This is actually nice SMT because if you notice the indices, the other indices did not take this high.
there's a nice smt there on us 30 so that could have been this is where i wanted to short from didn't really get what i i wanted to see there um try and go back just clean chart smt gonna shift down and that was kind of what i wanted to trade but we did not get to where i wanted to we got close but we didn't get to where i wanted to just fine you might still get there who knows um
On the daily time frame, I like this order block. But you gotta remember, we took out massive, very, very key levels on US 30 recently. Right there, we took that out. Moving into this order block right here. Now what I would like to see, ideally, is maybe a push down somewhere, maybe even here, maybe this fair value gap. If we look, this is our most recent displacement. I actually like this, so I like the order block, or I would just mark the fair value gap, to be honest.
So I'm just going to mark it up with the, we're already in it. Potential move up and give us that high resistance run on liquidity, which would also trade deeper into that order block right there.
So ideally, I would like that, 34.456. That would be where I'd see a higher probability for retracement as far as moving farther down into this range right here we've created. So I see this as our new external swing structure for US 30. But if we start to get shifts down in the daily, we'd look for discount pricing. And that one hour, we've gotten that shift right up here. That's another reason I wanted to short today.
SMT divergence, another displacement down. So that'd be probably the second leg of distribution. You know, we could even go down further because I see this as a potential market maker model actually. So original consolidation, run up to resistance, smart money reversal, second leg of distribution. This would be too early to really call that, but I can start to see this. And we'd look for these imbalances and then these equal lows.
So overall bearish bias here on US 30 for now. Now, if we start to reverse on the one hour, get a shift, I would look for this order block. But overall right now, I'd be looking for sales. I was looking for sales today. I just got left behind. Sad day too, because they were that order block. Almost made it.
On that note guys, I'm gonna hop off here. I really appreciate you all coming through if you could I'm like and subscribe it really helps my channel a lot if you do that and then Comment if you have any topics of videos you guys would like you can DM me or comment them and let me know what you Would want to see and I will post it I also posted a new video earlier today about how high time frame structure can help with psychology So definitely go watch that if you haven't already
And I'll post up a short here in a couple minutes. And I will be on tomorrow at noon Eastern time. So I will see you guys then. Peace.
