What's up? What's up, people? Today, we're going to go over the last week, the trades we took, and just overall price action, see we can learn from it. So let me make sure everything's set up on both streams, the discord and everything. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay, cool. So just a little bit ago, I got this alert that Bitcoin was in this fair value gap, this one hour gap. Now, the reason I was watching this gap is we had talked about this POI right here for quite some time, but we didn't get a reaction there. We actually swept the liquidity from that low and then came into this little four hour order block. Now, you could maybe, some people say this whole little zone is a demand zone.
Whatever your strategy is we're obviously getting some kind of reaction here So now if we go back down and hop into the 15 minute here
We got our break of structure right here. We took out this high with nice displacement. So a couple different ways you could go at this. You can look at this fair value gap on the one hour, which is a little bit clearer. And you say, okay, well, this is in a discount of this swing right here. Now, if you draw this up here, the discount fair value gap would be the breakaway fair value gap. In this example, I would be leaning more towards
If this gets hit, I think we'll probably take out the low. Oftentimes at the breakaways, that happens. And another thing I want you to take note of is that we have a breaker block right here that we traded into. So nice confluence at this level.
Look in the five minute. We haven't really got much yet The reason I would say to look on the five minute is because that's what I like to use at the one hour And again, we're on one hour for our fair value gap So nothing yet, but overall, I mean, it's getting nice reaction. We're seeming to soak up these stops right there Really what I want to see is a nice displacement above this high Kind of just battling right now. I'm not sure if I'll trade this or not But I did just want to share that set up and I know you guys in the discord already are probably
in a setup like this so just to go over that um wait hold on one of you guys my bad i i see that i never have my headset on anymore because it it hurts my head with these glasses what's up silent and jl hey how you doing i'm doing i'm doing pretty bad how about you how what's wrong what's up dude i'm still waiting for my account
the new one yeah why why are you mean just what is you're just doing bad because you want to trade is what you're saying yeah two different emails i the first ftmo account i added link to my binance email and then i made a new email for the new challenge and i can't have like both of them registered is what they told me but i was trying to verify my identification on monday so i would have had the account on monday
Oh, okay. I mean, I'm sure it's FTMO, so I'm sure they're not going to fuck you over. Oh, no, I'm not going to get fucked over. It's just they're taking super long to fucking get me settled with my account. Yeah, that sucks. I mean, who knows? Everything happens for a reason, you know? Maybe there'll be better trading scenarios once you have it. Who knows? You're right.
There's one thing I want to go over. Oh, go ahead, my bad. I was going to say I'd be up 56K right now if I was live. Yeah, but you don't know if it would have been the same if you were live, you know? You might have managed it differently. A lot of different things can happen.
but i know it sucks though to see that um that kind of that uh that you have a setup that you're like damn this is perfect and then you um can't take it you know that definitely would suck it was literally a fucking five star setup on ta oh yeah yeah i was like this trade here i should have taken full profits at really this high um right there would have been a nice trade but
I'm still happy with this overall we trimmed at the weekly open which always should be a target if you're trying to play the weekly power three and then the
these equal highs up here. And this was the previous daily high at the time I plotted out the trade, which was on Tuesday. I've got the days separated by these lines. But when the trade hit that, it was on Wednesday yesterday. That's when we got that nice move. So stops at break even after this target was hit. So we got break even this morning. It was on not much of the position was left, less than half the position. So still nice profits. And I'm trying to perfect this model, this catching the big part of the week. Now,
I want to point out that I could have gotten a much better trade. And I want you guys to learn from, this is an example of a mistake I made in trying to, I don't know how to really put it into like a phrase. I'll just explain to you guys what happened here with me. So on Tuesday, we'll go back and just rewind to then. We'll hide this. It was like right here. So let's rewind this.
We'll just keep that there just for time purposes so I was looking at this from the perspective that we are gonna come take out these lows and this is something that can happen if you just get too caught up in the lower time frames and it happens to everybody I try to you know try my best to Not let that happen, but again mistakes happen anybody who says they don't you know, you're just not trading so I want to learn I want you to always see you know
where i made a mistake and you know whenever it's really important that when you make a mistake that you don't just make it and then you know move on to uh
something else and just forget about it. You got to hold yourself accountable and learn from it because in training, you're going to make mistakes and that's how you learn. So make sure you learn from it. And it wasn't just a mistake. And this mistake, it wasn't really, you know, I didn't lose any money because of it. I lost out on money, but you can't think of that as in losing money. So basically I wanted to see a sweep of these lows right here. Now,
in this perspective it looks pretty clear to me that that wasn't going to happen because we see a sweep here into our four hour zone now we talked about this on um
Twitter back on Sunday. Let's take a look at that picture before. This was on the 18th on Sunday. We wanted to push down into that weekly low, or I'm sorry, weekly open into the previous daily low and the previous week's low. And we were already in that four-hour zone, so it was a lot of confluence that we were going to reverse. Now, if we're going to reverse, we're often going to see it happen on Tuesday or Wednesday. So again, we move into Tuesday right here, and just at midnight, right after midnight.
We get that nice sweep and then line in expansion. So in this setup what we're seeing here is the confirmation in essence of the bullish
reversal that I was looking for. And I at least wanted to take this above the weekly opening these highs. So you can see there's a big move to be had there. Now I'm not trying to say we're going to go all the way or that we're going to take a trade all the way to the previous weekly high. I did want to see us push up higher. I'm not sure if we'll see that now. But I had built my bias and kind of went over the narrative and
just wanted to get in the river because I knew which way I was flowing, so to speak. You don't have to catch the entire move. So at this example, when I came to the market this morning, on Tuesday morning, I wanted to sell into these lows. Now, I didn't get a sell opportunity, but I wanted price to get under these lows, and then I wanted to buy because I was bullish, but I was like, okay, these lows are too clean. I was in the five minute. These are two clean equal lows. What I failed to be aware of is that
those lows were made right at the London session. So on an ideal buy day, that low should be protected. And this is just a simple mistake that I was just being unaware and it happens, right? Nobody's perfect. Didn't lose any money off of it, but I could have got an entry off this order block. The only reason I didn't want to long there was because it was equal lows. But again, on a buy day, the London low is going to get protected.
We see what happened there. Nice push. And then I realized, okay, I took a scalp here. We recapped that on Tuesday's video. But, or, did we recap? Because that was, no, yeah, we did. Yeah, we did. We did, because that was before the stream. Anyways, took that scalp up into these highs over here. Just the, that was the intraday draw on liquidity. And then I said, okay, well, you know, let's go ahead and get active in the market. And that's where I got the team into these longs. Where is it?
I just market, ordered them. I didn't set a limit on this order block. I waited for reaction. I just marketed. So, you know, I talked to you guys about it here. I put it on Twitter, the overall bias. But if that's not enough, and a lot of you guys want to learn, and that's all you need. But if you do want signals like that, you could go ahead and start a free trial. Link's down in the description. But the team took this trade.
some people took it with options which can uh catapult profits or sometimes burn them out due to theta but nice push up right to our tp and this is why i like taking profits the weekly open now obviously we know the price went higher but you're always going to get a reaction to that so if you see that nice candle shelf we didn't even close a 15 minute candle above it so um took some off there just chilling in the trade um nice price delivery going in uh to the morning on wednesday
So this was the opportunity. I didn't trade this just because I was already in a trade, but this was your opportunity on Wednesday. If we're bullish and we're looking at, we've built this narrative. So you don't have to necessarily wait for the last order block down at the bottom or this opening gap. When we're bullish, the main thing you're looking at is a push under the 830 open, ideally taking liquidity into a bullish price delivery array. If you're bullish, you want to look at down close candles as support and you want to look at fair value gaps as support.
I hate using those terms, but just for lack of, or I guess for simplification, so to speak. But that's where you're looking to be a buyer. So we see this first fair value gap, also order block right here that took out this liquidity that was mitigating this order block. So we're tracing that order flow. So we're pushing from here into this order block, into this order block. So again, if you're going up, all you need to know is where you're going to get in. You don't have to wait for the very bottom and wait until price...
plays out the bullish move, and then by the time it gets there, it just blasts through your zone. It's just about understanding the overall move of the week, or the move of the day, and then capitalizing off that however you can. So again, this would have been a good, another, you could have entered this, and you could have just traded the 15 minute, right? You could have literally traded here, stop us from this low, trading these highs. Now, I wanted us originally to go into this daily imbalance. I thought this was gonna be the draw for the week. Now, that was one part I was wrong.
But that's why we take profits. We trimmed out of these equal highs. And good thing we did because price didn't make it too, too much higher. Came kind of close to our target. Maybe could have taken some more profits here, but nice trade nonetheless. And then we got break even right here because after a trade moves that far away, I'm not going to just leave the original stops because, you know, if it goes to my entry at this point, it's going to go for the stops. I got asked this morning to when, you know, how do you...
set a system on break evening stops. And for me, a lot of it's discretionary. Now it's based on the day. It's based on if there's news coming, it's based on, um, how many, you know, if I have a rule that if I win, uh, hit my daily goal, I just break even all trades or, um, you know, if the ones that aren't closed already. So there's, for me, it's a, there's a lot of different stuff, but if you want to make a mechanical rule, you can maybe make it a fixed risk reward. Like, um,
Two ways to do it. So let's just say your trade hits three to one. You can take off 30% of the trade and not move your stops, and that will eliminate any loss because if the stops hit, or if your original stop hits, you've shaved off profits and lowered your position size. So the trade will still result in a small gain, nothing crazy. Or you can just set breakeven stops whenever you hit a certain risk reward. So for instance, you get three risk reward.
then you break even your stops so i just figured i'd throw that in there because somebody asked me that this morning
But for me, it's kind of discretionary. I know that it's best to have mechanical processes wherever you can, but sometimes they're going to be, for different traders, there's always some level of discretion, whether that be how you map your market structure, how you draw your order blocks, what you consider a valid order block, whatever. There's always going to be discretion. There's no dictionary or fact or scientific proven.
um way to map market structure because there's going to be some people that might bet more like ict and then there's some people that map it more like other supply and demand type traders so again there's no necessarily one right way to do it so um
We're in another trade that's in profits right now, but it's too close. It's not fair to the people in the private group to go on and talk about it. But those of you who are on Discord watching this, you guys are aware of that. And we'll review that later on. But again, if you want to get those signals, you can get a free retrial. So ETC. What's up, everybody, too? I just now saw these comments. So let's look at Ethereum Classic. So Ethereum Classic has traded up into this. Can I check oil? Yeah, I'll do oil next.
So with ETC, you know, we traded down into this zone that we had saw a massive move from We actually do I need to change some of my settings because I know they don't have the watermark up or anything and then Take some of those off sometimes to record videos and stuff
So in this example, we've got a lot of liquidity down here, right? So a lot of sell side liquidity building up. We haven't touched this last candle down here. So I would see a sweep down into this zone. You know, a lot of people may be trading this whole order block and that may work, but I'm going to be a, or I would be a little more reluctant to personally, just because of these fair value gaps you have ahead of you. I always try to look at it like, okay, it depends on the move down into the zone too. Like for instance,
If we didn't have a massive displaced move and we had been just kind of accumulating on top of this zone and then get a sharp rate on liquidity inside all of this and then push out, yeah, that's something maybe I'll trade. But if we get a massive push down, I'm looking at this as a potential reversal zone so we can go lower and take out this low. So oftentimes, whenever you have a big fair value gap, you'll have your gap. You'll see price consolidate. You'll see that initial local low taken.
before price is re-delivered into that gap, and then you'll see that new low targeted again. And that's how you start to begin that accumulation process. So I would anticipate the low to be taken here. Moving to this fair value gap. So we can go in a four hour to kind of refine this. You have a...
Pretty clear gap. I think you got CE here. For those who don't know, it's basically the midpoint of the fair value gap. Yeah, it looks like you reacted nicely off that. I'm not sure if my line's perfect or not, but it looks like you could hardly close above it if you did. So let's go hop on a one hour, maybe even a 15 minute. So came up and took out all of the range liquidity here.
So, some of you guys are probably already noticing this. We have a little bit of accumulation, manipulation, distribution here. So, I have this range that's created. This is kind of an ugly range, but, you know, we definitely have an accumulation of orders over here. And then above that,
You have manipulation. And every time we look at manipulation, we want to ask, okay, well, why would price be pushed here to manipulate traders? If you have a fair value gap, that's your why. It's kind of your narrative. I don't think it's good to just trade based off of like, hey, I think we're getting manipulated. And this looks like the three boxes I see everyone draw on Twitter because it's not just that. You want to see a push up into the zone. And that can be an order block. It can be a fair value gap.
It can be whatever. And then see a chart move back into the zone. Now here, one thing I want you to be mindful of is this imbalance. But again, you're going to have that whenever you're looking at these AMD setups. It's going up 15 minute and kind of just watch the order flow up in here. I'm going to delete some of this because we know the fair value gap's there. We know where we're at. I just like a clean chart.
So we got to push under this low. So this, we came up, this would be your long-term low and you had your long-term high. Now again, price shouldn't get above that. You have your intermediate term high and price isn't extremely weak since the intermediate term high is higher than all the short-term highs. It's somewhat of a sign of strength, but we're seeing displacement down back into this fair value gap and back into the old range. So at this point, I would just kind of try to track order flow on this 15 minute.
If you see, price came down. This is your first displacement break. Travel back in the fair value gap. Took liquidity not once but twice. Another displacement down. Pause. Displacement down. So rally-based rally if you want to look at it like that. I think this would be your next zone that you would want to watch for price to go bearish. You might not even get that because a lot of time with these AMD setups, you're going to be wanting to get active in this range. The ideal setup here would have been something up there.
or something up here, this area right here, because you have that displacement down, push back up into the zone, consolidation, displacement down. So I wouldn't really look at this as a market maker model, but overall, I think you're starting to seek after sell-side liquidity. So hopefully that helped.
dude au god i fucking missed au man like i don't even want to talk about it we'll go over it somebody put in i was talking about that in discord and trading view i need to get better at watching stuff i've been busy working on some other stuff but
Dude fucking a you fuck I already know exactly probably what setup you took cuz I was looking at the same as beautiful And I've been waiting for it all week. I marked out that zone Patiently waited all week set an alarm But I swear to god like my computer was off and I did not get the email or the alert on my phone cuz I even set up fucking email alerts because I missed so many trading view stuff We'll go over that in a in a second. So let's see
Brandy asks, is it worth to keep the exit? Oh, well, I don't want to reveal to everybody on YouTube. Probably about did it. Yeah, I mean, I'll notify if I change the thing. I'm not going to change the plan based off of another chart, which I know in crypto, I do that sometimes, but that coin moves on its own a lot of the time. And I don't necessarily, like I said, there's not really confirmation on Bitcoin yet either, for me at least.
I think XMR is going to 90. That'd be nice. What's going on with Algo? Why is it so done bad? Dude, Algo got fucking eviscerated. Yeah, I know. I don't know why. Bro. I didn't know if there was news or something.
Fuck this shit is dead, bro. And what's crazy is I know a lot of people like even like the World Economic Fund I remember was like shilling Algorand I'm not even making that up like the fucking World Economic Fund made a crypto report in June last year was straight shilling Algo I mean at this point, I don't know what's stopping you from going to all-time lows. I really it's fucking insane But oil I think was the next thing somebody asked about See how oil is doing
Okay, so I traded up higher into this fair value gap. This is where I wanted to see a reversal.
Let's hop on a four hour and get rid of my beautiful art here. So still the same low that I'm looking to get taken is still kind of just waiting there. Because if I'm looking for a higher time or frame of reverse one oil, I'm going to use a four hour. If you wanted to be a little, I mean, I guess you could look at this as a low, to be honest. So we came up, made a hello, and we're taking it. So what I would wait for is kind of like the end of today before I'd ape into any like swings. But it looks like the order flows bearish. We came up and pushed high into this zone.
If we're going to remain bearish, I wouldn't want to get a little bit high. I think if you start rating up in there, I think you're going to go higher, like much higher. So I would be looking at that as kind of an invalidation point until you get up into this range all the way up here in this wick, which is a big move for oil if you're day trading it. Now, overall, I mean, is there any oil news?
Next week so oil. Okay, so the third is the next oil news and that's just Okay, so no oil is one thing you just do not want to fuck with news. That shit can get Brutal I'm here. I would say you're drawing down into the either this gap right here. Let me draw fib really quick on a four-hour Use the bodies of this expansion
Oops one hour. Yeah, I like this gap me I think this is what you're drawing towards, you know if you're day trading I think you could try to position yourself to attack that And take out all these lows, but I would watch for a short-term reversal under there There's something about this setup that makes you gonna wait on it just because this is not like let's move up Yes custom displacing out of it But I would want to see how you react to that zone if you hit it and then how that next four-hour candle goes because if you come up and just erase that move Unless you start to see bearish
Price action looks very fast. In this order block, I would look for higher. But there's a lot of liquidity to be targeted. There's a lot of trendline liquidity there. Got equal lows right here. And we've got this order block and these relatively equal lows down here. If you break this with displacement, then I would just be bearish as shit. But I would watch that fair value gap.
Odd question, do I have any favorite coins I've trade? Yeah, for sure. So my favorite, and it's not really coins. Like the current stuff I've been trading a lot. Recently I made a different list. And well, I haven't been trading all these a lot. But ES is my baby always. That's my favorite thing to day trade. Euro dollar and Aussie dollar for Forex are, and.
Definitely my favorites. Dollar Yen's cool too, but I really like Aussie dollar, like more than Euro almost, which is, I know, unpopular. But gold's also a really good asset. I haven't taken any trades on it recently, but I do like trading gold. It's been a while since I traded it, but it gives you a lot of pips and very fast either validation or invalidation usually. You're usually going to know whether your trade's good or not. And then Bitcoin. XMR's good as well.
So a you yeah, we'll talk about a you fucking just maximum pain. So I set alert on this zone right here
And the reason is it's a fractal zone. So I look at this. This is going to be an order block on a lower time frame. So we have this buy to sell right here. So again, the idea of order blocks, the reason we look at them is if we're at bearish, then we should look, just like we were talking about ES, we should look at up close candles as resistance if we're bearish. So we see that we came down into this area, kind of stopped, halted a little bit, and then flushed out all these lows. So we know that...
Something went on right here in this little pivot point. So again, we came up there. What I was going to trade was a 15 minute market structure shift. Fucking just clean as day. Look at that. Right down, right back into the order block. There's nothing else to trade off of except this whole little move. So yeah, fucking painful to watch this. It sucks, but it's all right.
I'm like, it's all right. I'm going to go ahead and map up. And by the way, if you're wondering, I would be targeting this down here. Nice little Christmas check mixed right there. But it's all right.
London Killzone smart money divergence on SPX and Nas today. Your general approach to SMT was being a short SPX because it's weaker and failed to make the higher high, or Nas because it swept liquidity. So I have also seen both philosophies. I like trading the one that has swept more liquidity. That's just me. But I see the logic behind both. So which one? So I mean, you can see that they both were fucking...
Yeah, either one of them were Pico shorts today. So I'm assuming this is what you're talking about. That high got swept. And then we were already making, or were you talking about this actually? Either high, but yeah, I think that's what you're talking about at least. Or are you talking about something else? Maybe you're talking about more like local to this morning. Let's see, 9.30 open was, well 9.30 was already fucking dead. So I don't think you're probably talking about that. I don't know, you actually might be this right here.
Or no, no, I made a higher high. Or no, wait, is it equal? Oh, it is equal. That might be, if you're talking about that, I mean, that might be, that's a good eye. I can't even see how I caught that. But, you know, with...
With that, I always just look at it because if I'm trying I usually try to trade liquidity rates So if I'm using SMT, I'm gonna trade the one that's being manipulated because to me it just makes more sense I feel like the philosophy of like, oh, it's weaker. I mean I get that but like, you know, if we're trading SMT that means you're trading based off of liquidity If you're trading based off liquidity, you want to trade what liquidity got swept That's the sense I make out of it. So Litecoin and XRP
Let's see what lightweight will ever work in that zone. I haven't been watching it. It never came back down. So I think like one's going to come back down into this zone. I mean, I like this overall high timeframe setup, right? We've got a balanced price range. We talked about this earlier this week. So that would be once we come down in here, if we reverse, then that's what I would look for, for a target or maybe even just the highs. So what I'm looking for is a push down to the zone on the 15 minute. I want to get a break.
trade back at order block and then move up and target this zone so nothing's changed on uh like coin since the last time we talked about it just gotta be patient might not happen this week and even once it gets there it might not work out so um that's that's where i'm at with litecoin and then if um i'll be if i do enter that i'll signal it out and play a bit
The bearish order block. Oh, yeah, XMR. We know about XMR for sure. I'll leave that one at that. I think you guys can probably infer from that. I'm just going to be fair. So XRP is in this zone.
I don't really like trading XRP anymore, to be honest. Sometimes it's good, but it's just the price action for me is not... It's a lot of times... The reason I don't like it is a lot of times you'll get this. I wouldn't be surprised if this just...
I'm not saying it's going to run, but I'm saying if it just ran from here. So like I trade, like I want to see a push into the zone. So we got that here. And then I want to see a sweep. A lot of times XRP will just hit the zone and just go. And I just, just against my trading. So that's a good example of, you know, some coins work better for other people because somebody might not, you know, require that. And then they just trade off that. But in my experience, if there isn't liquidity taken, there's a good chance that you are that liquidity. So
Overall, though, on the one hour, I mean, pretty odd price action in the sense that, you know, we're getting kind of pushed out, but we can't hold displacement. We also can't hold displacement down. So right now, this is the range you're operating within. On a one hour, I would be waiting for one of these to get broken, or I guess this would be the range. And I'm waiting for one of these to get broken with displacement and, you know, hold that displacement. And then you'll look for price delivery.
a raise to trade off of. Now, if you move up, I would be trading into this high. And if you move down, I'd be trading that low. So that's kind of like my process on everything. So hopefully that gives some insight for day trading stuff. I'm just looking at the one hour, like a daily chart, using structure and displacement to identify what I think price is moving towards, and then looking to trade towards that. Oh yeah, Aussie dollar short today.
after that just went down for 22 our trade damn hell yeah see man it's a shame it's a shame i missed that i saw that and i was i was irritated for a second
more irritating than I usually get. Oh yeah, Euro finally took the range high. So I wanted originally, if we hadn't taken this high, I wanted to trade off of a zone down here. But after we took that high, the narrative's gone. So if we hadn't moved up and pipped this high, I would have won a trade from here up into it, but we didn't. So now narrative's changed. I think we're moving towards what I've been waiting on, which is this zone down here. And two feet from the private group.
had asked about this setup and asked me to go over it. So I think he was looking at it. I'll just pull it up so everybody can see it. It's somewhere in here. Oh, here it is right here.
This is the setup here while asked about potential power of three, our accumulation manipulation distribution. Now, one thing that I want to go over is that time is important with these setups. Now, it doesn't have a lot of people that have just watched the new ICT or haven't really developed an understanding extensively. They think that it's only the daily range, which that's just not true. There's somebody recently, I'm not going to.
Name drop. There's somebody that I was watching and I was just like this dude doesn't even know what he's talking about but uh
The idea of that is just the accumulation and range manipulation again into a higher time frame POI and a push-up. So basically all candles they form they either make an open, a low, a high, then a close. That's a bullish candle or an open, a high, a low, then a close. So the idea is if we have an open, right? See this open and we make a high.
That's where you have that Judas swing. That's where you have that Asian manipulation during the range. And that's where you have the weekly manipulation during the early part of the week. Or if you're talking about the monthly candle forming, it's the early part of the month. So there's not one way. A lot of people think it's just the daily chart because they watch 2022 ICT and don't understand how to conceptualize and how he specifically talks about this in the older core content.
And then you'll have that. Let me draw this a little simpler. Then you'll have that push down and that's the low. And then you'll have the close. We have that consolidation. That's where you have a candle that opens, pushes down and then pushes up and then it closes. Right. And not every single candle forms like that. I'm not saying something like, oh, what about this candle? It went up and then it did close bearish. That happens too. Not everything is the same. But when we're talking about power of three, we want to see a push.
into, we're going to see accumulation, which forms that open part of a candle and then a push down into a range and then subsequent expansion. Now, I want to be very clear that you shouldn't try to just always predict. You can draw a narrative and say, that's what I think we're going towards. But again, it's all about context. And then even when you have the context, you got to confirm it. Just like anything, just because you can put those three boxes and it looks good, does not mean you're going to come back up in that range.
like for instance matic was one we talked about on here recently that did not happen the way i wanted to we didn't trade off of it because of that i think i put right here it was gonna be this range i like this order block and you can see that there was no thing there's no move so i could have drawn a zone and then i did draw this and i posted it but that's just an idea it's not like okay as soon as we come to the zone i'm gonna buy it as with anything you know unless you just don't do any confirmations and i'm assuming if you do that
you probably don't really trade very efficiently if you use no confirmation at all. And I'm not saying you have to use the one minute, but you need to use something. So I see the narrative, but I would wait for this zone. So I have my alert set. You can see this little thing right there. I want to see if we're going to stay bullish right here. I want to see price come into it and then sharply move out of it on the lower timeframes, specifically a 15 minute.
I also want you to be mindful that price has traded up very high. Euro has been rallying, right? We've taken out this liquidity right here into a price delivery array. So once we have all these lows generated that have been unscathed, oftentimes we're going to come down and take all that out because a lot of people, they're getting long here, here, here, not aware of this, not aware that we took out these highs, and then they're going to get clapped out.
So again, according to the monthly strategy I use for the monthly order blocks, we're inside of a monthly bearish order block. So again, I'm not going to bet the farm on that zone. We might react out of it and trade up into these highs and make one higher high. But I would expect a decline in euro dollar soon. And I think we will remain bullish. The weekly looks very bullish. But I also think that we are due to...
rebalance or repricing of this fair value gap. So we have the knowledge of that. We have the knowledge that we are in a monthly order block. We're in a daily order block. We've taken daily sell side. I mean, it's time for retracement. So don't get too caught up in the lower timeframes, just like I did with ES. And lower timeframes can mean if I'm forgetting about a daily narrative on the...
four-hour chart if I'm looking at the four-hour chart I'm forgetting about this daily narrative it can be forgetting about the Daily chart whenever you're on a 15 minute and so forth. It's just whatever is the next time frame up and You always got to be aware of the narrative that's at play Elon Musk says youtuber mr. Beast is not out of the question to become Twitter's new CEO. What the fuck? The stock market is still Oh Jesus
I guess that made it look worse. Those daily candles always look worse. Did it take out the low? That's crazy. That GDP. For those of you who are wondering why the fuck this happened, I think it was speculation moving into GDP. Our GDP came out higher than expected. That's good for the currency. That's going to mean for a stronger dollar. That's why you're seeing anything with USD at the end shit its pants. Tesla's down 10% today. Tesla's down 10%.
Hot damn brother shit
This is crazy, bro. How fuck, honestly, like, I've always liked Elon, but I've lost so much fucking respect for him over the last little bit. Like, I get, like, the idea of what he was trying to do at first is awesome. Like, he wants to, like, you know, made it sound awesome. Like, oh, I want to make it, make for a decentralized, you know, he didn't say it like that, but make for an uncensored platform. But then it's like, he censors it. And then he, it's just like, you know, you're the exact thing that you're hating on.
right it's like oh like uh you know he's like censoring like journalists that like and i get it like you know i wouldn't like somebody posting a private jet of me or whatever but it's like bro like it's first of all it's public information second of all like you literally okay then he holds a poll maybe if you ban him that's one thing but then you hold a poll
you know, that clearly, you know, because it was, oh, it's like, let's ask the people about other things that he wants to happen. Like, you know, Trump getting his account back, which I'm not trying to be on either side. I'm just giving an unbiased take on this. So he holds a poll for something to be decided, pretty clear what he wants to happen. And when that wins, he has no problem fulfilling that. Then whenever he loses,
he wants to sit there and redo the poll, like, bro, that's so weak. That was so, that was just like, it's embarrassing for him. I'm like, obviously dude's a billionaire. I know he doesn't give a fuck, but it's just like, damn, that was just like, why would you do that? And you just look like a fucking idiot. But speaking of Tesla,
Just overall, just death. I mean, this is all pricing. People think it's just because of Elon Twitter. I'm not saying that either, but it's extremely bearish for the last few months. So we've came out and taken this low. Let's look at a monthly chart. Monthly chart looking fucked up. Monthly chart is looking like 90 bucks.
Also more sell side here. You'll probably get somewhat of a reaction soon. I mean, maybe. Hopefully. Yeah, this is bearish as absolute fuck. Just some police. Stairway to hell.
Dude, the dollar is pissing me off. Like, tap the fucking weekly fair value gap, motherfucker. I've been waiting on this shit. Like, look at this. It's just like, nope, nope. I'm gonna get right there. And then it's like, I'm gonna go a little bearish, make you think I'm going for it, and now I'm gonna fly with GDP. It still can easily go down, but it doesn't look very bearish right now. A lot of volatility the last two weeks in the dollar.
between the FOMC and then GDP today. And then we've got a pretty dead area with the holidays. And then we've got inflation, I think, on the third or the fourth. Is it the fourth? Tons of stuff. We got NFP that week, I think, right? Yeah, I got NFP, CPI. It's going to be the first week of the month. It's always fun. So, no, I don't want to click that.
So yeah, overall bearish. I mean, we're seeking out lows on pretty much everything against the dollar. Except one thing that I've been, dollar yen with this new stuff that we took a loss on this trade. Oh yeah, I forgot. I'm glad I just went to this chart because I meant to recap this. This is the only other trade we took that's not, oh shit, that's not active right now. So the reason I wanted to short this was we had a one hour order block right here.
that We're getting very close to this daily sell side liquidity. I was trying to get a silver bullet So model which is basically like that last push, you know of a market maker model. So we have this original consolidation Run up here ran up into a monthly level up here get that smart money reversal right there
second leg of distribution. And then I kind of wanted, or sorry, just mark all this really. So that's a tough one. I would say this right here alone, but we're starting to push down and I want to just kind of get in towards this low, but really this was what the target was. And I missed that and I'd already been taken, but I wanted those lows. I looked at it as equal lows. So then I traded that one hour order block here. I waited for a nice sweep, right? Right there. And then I wanted to trade off of an order block.
That's right here. That was the trade idea. Stops above this high. It did not go. I mean, it literally just immediately stopped us out. So, you know, sucks, but can't be too mad at it. Had a good week overall. So I did want to recap that. I'm glad that I would have felt like a fuck off if I didn't show the loss. But I wanted to target these lows. Obviously, that did not happen. So I would think here we took out that this daily low.
Oops right here. So we took out some cells because if we look that was really where he moved more aggressively off of so that's gonna be where our cell stops are gonna be Pushed up under that nothing much here, but for the one hour It's kind of like that fair value gap model. I was talking about We come down and create this massive fair value gap
Create that first low take the low now. We move back around not a whole lot of displacement But if we were to get displacement pushing up Then I would look to maybe long up into this fair value gap. I would just be targeting this high
But the next place I would look to short from is going to be this buy-to-sell range up here. I think on the daily, it's a little clear as well. Nice order block. So if I was going to short, I'd short to this low. But I'm kind of chilling on the yen right now just because of all the crazy stuff with the Bank of Japan. I usually get kind of chill. Somebody asked, what do I classify as a valid order block?
There are two ways to do it. There's one that's mechanical and one that's discretionary. So you can, and I'm leaning more towards the discretionary side. So the mechanical way would be a candle or a range that results in a break of structure. So for instance, if we have a push right here and we come up and take structure, you could look at either the whole range or let's say you have a last candle.
That's up to you because the whole range is going to be a order block on a higher time frame It's really just what time frame you use or how precise you want to get a how precise you want to be Now the way that I look at order blocks is again kind of like the What I said earlier that if we are bearish any up close candle that has been engulfed is To me an order block so I should find resistance there now if we are bullish than any down close candle that is engulfed
should be an order block. It doesn't have to necessarily break structure because I'm looking at it in the sense that if I'm very confident in my draw on liquidity and I'm confident that I have an understanding of where price is going and why it's going there, then any down, if we're bullish, then smart money's buying on those down moves, so to speak, or it's just profit-taking. So that's the way I look at them. I don't necessarily require a break of structure, but
in order to use a lower time frame order block for an entry, I would require break structure. So hopefully that makes sense. So valid order block would just be an order block to me. So, you know, let me show you an example of something. It'll be a better, like a weekly chart. Let's go to like NQ or something. So let me do a different chart. Oh, thank you.
Um, okay. So for instance, let's go back to like right here. I would consider this an order block, right? Why? Because we took out South side liquidity and we're in a discount. So my bias would be leaning bullish overall. And also the lower timeframes at this time were telling us that, right? So if we go back to that weekly, we look right here and we see the next candle prints closes. We don't have anything right there.
Well, I actually hadn't closed yet. Now when I did close, I guess, here, let me push. So when it closed, we'd closed, we had tapped into it. So see how we didn't break structure. I mean, if you look at this, it's a short-term high. Yeah, I broke that high. We didn't break any major structure. So that to me would still be an order block because again, we're bullish and it's a down close candle. So hopefully that helped. Alvaro said, you learn fast. So, and then.
Raj asked about ETH. So trading down, I drew this out the other day. We talked about it, that it was an if then. If we trade here and you get a good reaction, then I might look too long. If we trade here and get a good reaction, I'm gonna look too short. So we haven't hit the zone yet. And then once we do, I wanna see bullish price action, which is what you see here. I wanna see tap, sweep, and shift. So ETH, I'm just waiting on. There's not much for me here. I'd be chilling on this personally.
Okay, cool. I'm glad that explanation helped on that note guys. I got some food here waiting on me and it's called my name So I'm gonna end the stream. Let me make sure there's no other questions in the discord Everybody asks in like different areas all the time. Oh, they're actually in this area. So Yeah, Haas, I know fucking DXY has just been cucking majorly with that weekly fair value gap FTM one hour looks solid
Why is BitGet coming up before Binance? I always want to click the first one. So the only thing I don't like about FTM that I will say is we didn't really hold any displacement coming out of here. Like, I mean, I guess right here we did, but it's like on the higher timeframes, it's just kind of like that lackluster. It's getting sold off a lot here, which those highs could get swept. But personally, I would probably wait for this down here.
That would be where I would see the most value, but that's that's just me. Don't let me change your analysis because you'd be killing it too. DXY possibly dump into four or four of a fair value gap into weekly fair value gap. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, I guess I mean that that's a there's a fair value gap there. We'll see. It's definitely drawing towards that. So
But yeah, as always, I appreciate you guys for coming through. Much love to you guys. Much love, Raj. And yeah, I appreciate it, man. But if you guys ever have any questions, you always know how to get at me. If you want to start a free trial to the private group, the link is in the description. And you can use the code that's at the bottom of the screen to get that free trial.
For the people in the discord, I will see you on Saturday. Actually, no, that's not Christmas Eve Saturday. We're not going to have a class this Saturday. We'll do two next week though. So for everybody, I will see you after the holidays. So Merry Christmas or Happy Holidays, whatever you celebrate and enjoy the time off with your families. I'll see you later.
