What's good? What's good? Sorry about being late guys. Also, let me know if the resolution is weird because I'm on this new monitor and I don't have it split into two monitors. I just have like the right half of my screen, but I don't know if it's gonna be on or not. My sound is coming in twice. Okay. Why is that? Hold on. Let me check. Oh, I know why. All right. I'm silent. Is it doing it now? Also, my audio is off. Hold on.
Trying to figure out the best way to use this monitor. I might end up getting another vertical too. Okay, it's good now. Cool. And also guys, just don't hesitate to stop me and let me know if...
My sound or I mean on my sound my resolution is off or anything like that because I'm kind of still fooling around with What the best way is because this monitor I got the new like the 49 inch and I can turn it into two monitors I'm not sure if that would be better But I have to change settings every time so it's kind of frustrating if I have to do that but not a huge deal But I right now I just have it popped like the right half of my screen and See if this okay, that doesn't work. I can't full screen like that
Anyways. It's funny though. I told some of you on the Discord, but the monitor came in and it was fucking cracked. Not cracked. It has like a little line down the middle of it in the left side. So I said a little fuzzy. I don't want it to be fuzzy. Is it fuzzy for anybody else on YouTube? I can almost see that it's fuzzy like on the screen. I feel like that's some crazy. Hopefully it's... I'll kind of mess with it and do some research.
It seems like crypto has been railing. Now, Matic, I know, is it too few in here? Because he asked me to go over this one. He's not in here. Well, I'm going to go over it anyways. We talked about a short on Matic potentially when we first tapped into this zone. But to be honest, I think that short has already kind of played out. Now, while you could maybe find something of value, you know, we took a low there with some nice displacement, came back up, traded into, it looks like this candle right here.
And, you know, the five minute has yet to show really any desire to go down. But even if we did take it down, you know, I would be just taking it right to an equilibrium. And again, too, I don't, there's just something that makes me not want to short a bunch of stuff right now. As far as crypto goes, just because of the energy that it's been giving, you know, once we get a little bit more of a trend confirmation that this tells me up, this tells me the market is reaching up. All right. So when we come back down to a discount, I think we have a high chance of continuing up.
and then we look at the higher time frames of matic you know the next uh pool of liquidity really is this high and that would also kind of put us coming into that premium so i think it's very um very possible that that happens so i said they can't tell okay i'm gonna take a look at near sure yeah give me some coins i'm actually i'm still kind of like feeling under the weather i was talking about in chat but i don't know why okay now matic is
That was weird. There's lag for a second. Let's see. Why is my trading view not working? This window is just messing up. Okay. Anyways. Damn near is beaten down, but I will say, I mean, to be honest, I would want this low, like far as any long time health. I mean, when we see this right here, that tells me we're probably going to make some upside, but this will get targeted later on.
You know, we had this run on liquidity here and then this low, but then we didn't run that liquidity. So that tells me that this is just kind of going to be targeted later, but you most likely will see some upside. So the most obvious thing to draw towards to me is this right here. You've got that high front running it pretty nicely. So there's a liquidity pool inside the fair value gap. That would be a clear draw for me. This actually might be a nice setup to take.
Got that shift in market structure. Now, I would consider all this one displacement, even though this is kind of a big move, just because we never really came back down to a premium. I'm sorry, a discount. It's like my brain will not say that shit right. Now, this is the most obvious point right here. Yeah, it's the first, but I would rather wait for this right here. I might actually just play the one hour on this one, to be quite honest with you.
Let me see if the risk reward is good, I'd rather keep it passive, so to speak. I want to get some more exposure in alts. We stopped out at breakeven on one. I kind of maybe wish I would have left that one, but it's all right. Yeah, I like this trade. I'm going to set some limits on near here. A little free trade for the people on YouTube. You got lucky today.
Yeah, I had to add all my stuff to like on these 49 inch you have to like edit the the size of your disco everything looks so small like when I got on discord it was like Like it was like fine print my brain is like in slow-mo today Slept in a little bit. I woke up really early and it's about like asleep. Oh No, it's I don't have coven I think I might have like the flu but I don't I don't feel that bad. I just feel super like tired And just like I don't know it's weird
We've got 3.235. Probably update some targets to this later on as, you know, we form structure moving back down into the entry. I'll wait until it gets activated before I do that, though. Okay, there's that. Now, if this gets up into this liquidity pool up here above that high, I'll be out of the trade or out of the limits, I should say, because that's really the target for me is going to be all these equal highs right here on a one hour. And then...
the very clear daily imbalance. Now we could go higher. The only reason I'm not targeting higher with this, it's all levels, but is because of this, the way we ran liquidity right here. That doesn't look very promising to hold to me. I think this will get ran again before any kind of true move starts. Let's see if there's any other requests. You guys want to bring out some TA, please be my guest. I'm happy to run whatever you guys want me to look at. Let me pull a chat.
Sand. I think Glacier just got you guys in sand. Take a look at sand.
I don't know why trading. Maybe it's a screen. My computer's not. What's funny, I ordered a PC from NZXT. Never, ever, ever mess with NZXT. I don't care what anyone says. They suck. I literally, yeah, I'll go over indices. I literally ordered a PC from NZXT. It was like 3,000. These motherfuckers, I told them, they messaged me back and said, hey, we only have 16 gig RAM. I was like, no.
I don't, I don't want that. Don't send it. If it has 16 gig, I need 32 gig. So they said, okay. And then they sent the PC anyways. And I got like the email that said it was coming. And they said that they just had sent it. They had already sent it. It was like four days later. So I was like, hell no, I don't, I'm not paying for that return it. And they're like, okay, well, you'll get your money back once it's made it back to our facility. We just processed a return to sender request for the, for UPS. And then now it hasn't even moved from the UPS.
hub in like four or five days. So you know that shit got stolen probably. So I'm just going to have to go through like a fraud thing with my bank against them, but it sucks. I wanted to have my, the reason I bought this monitor is I got like a whole new setup. I got a new PC, new monitor. I'm kind of redoing my office. I'll put some pictures up of it when it's done. I'm going to have like this neon sign up that is Casper. There's a bunch of cool shit I'm doing, but I wanted the new setup so I can, you know.
This PC I have really isn't that good. It's got a fucking 1660 in it, and oops, wrong thing, and 16 gigs of RAM, so it's really kind of a beater nowadays the way PCs are. Anyways, sorry, I'm just complaining because my PC's not running at full speed. So when I'm looking at this, got some nice, what is this, 9481, nice liquidity right here in the form of these equal highs that I think we're going to draw to.
So I think you've got a very clear draw. Now, that would be kind of where I'd be just looking, you know, I'd reassess it at that point. To be quite honest, though, I mean, you could push up into here, but what I see above this, I don't really see much stopping you. Now, the only reason that I would, you know, target...
A little lower than usual is the same reason with near, because there's this low run on liquidity. Now, that doesn't mean that it's going to just come right back down. That does not mean that by any chance. But it does mean that the initial stops were never really ran, which oftentimes they do get ran after you hit some of these other opposing liquidity pools before you make the big move, right? Which the big move would be, you know, moving back into a premium of this range, probably to fill this whole void right here. I mean, this is actually...
If crypto were to get going, I mean, you've got pretty massive targets as far as, you know, to clean out all internal liquidity. That'd be a really big move. So what I see here is the market on the daily chart is telling us, you know, we want to go higher. It gives you that shift with displacement. It's kind of sloppy with this wick. I wouldn't really consider the big shift until right there. So I'm going to consider it all the same displacement.
Price came back down into a discount. I would say this breaker is what you're reacting off of because you don't have any kind of clear imbalances or anything. So from here, I would hop to a one hour. Nice run on liquidity. So this is what you want to see moving into a reversal, the high resistance liquidity run. Price pops up.
This is a displacement, even though it just wicked a high. This is a good example of something I would still personally consider. I mean, it's not as ideal as if we close, but it still is a big push to get up there. So at that point, I would look at something like this. Then boom, look at that. We're in an imbalance. The five minute has shown indication it wants to go higher. You can just continue layering this same strategy.
This is actually clean as shit, to be honest. I might join you guys in these longs. I don't know. I think Glacier's already got you guys up pretty good. But if you're in these, these look good. I mean, I would look for probably something like this. Just a little moonshot off that because, you know, you're getting all the confirmations. So, price coming down here. I mean, overall, I would say the draw is those equal highs up there. Eight, and then indices. I'm going to look on YouTube, too. I don't even look.
There's a couple. Okay. Good old ape. I'm just going to clean this whole chart off. I will say though, guys, charting on one of these, whenever it's like just, you know, I'm not on stream and I'm using the whole screen, it is fucking fire. Nice run on liquidity there. I don't really like this too much. I mean, it's, I guess you'd consider this. I mean, because the real shift, there was displacement into it. Just had a little bit more after.
it's kind of interesting i'm going to go to a four hour see what yeah there you go that's actually a lot cleaner so see how he came back down i'm just refining that daily little poi that wick into this so you know at this point what i'm going to look for is a one hour shift which looks like we have i might actually hop in some ape depending on i'm going to look at the rest of the framework entry was kind of given already to be quite honest
Let me just see where I think it's going. Sometimes, even if the entry has been given in that kind of context, it's not necessarily the end of the world. The trade's not just over. You know what I mean? I will say, though, on the daily chart, I don't really like where we're at with this just because of the way we shifted down like that. That tells me that we have a high chance that we might want to pull lower here just because of that.
You don't want to see that kind of move, you know, because that's telling us now the daily is shifting towards something else. And it's like, yeah, we have this nice run on liquidity, but we also got equal loads right there. So I think that it's kind of getting there, but under this is where I would be more interested to save this.
So this is where I'd be more interested in Ape. I think that it could definitely get moved down. I'm not going to short it, but see, this is how you can easily, you know, if you don't pay attention to all the little things and you just watch those low timeframes, because, you know, I was like, okay, nice reaction with this order block. And that might tell us like, okay, we're reacting up for our order block. You know, everybody's going to do this. They're going to say, and this might end up working, but, you know, all the photon people, they're going to say, oh, sweet Kai up here.
you know because we broke structure and now that one hour has changed and five hours giving it to us so we're gonna we have to go to this week high but that's just and i don't see things like that i see it like okay what is the daily chart drawing towards what liquidity is being taken advantage of and i see a nice reaction off a daily fair value gap shift in market structure now we're back in the gap equal those just below
So at this point, it would be a more value in a short, if anything, but I'm not going to participate in that just because the state of the market, I think crypto could have a pump and that could get invalidated, but that's the way that I see it. So let's go over indices.
I wanted originally, I wanted us to be bullish this week. I was hoping he wouldn't have to be as hawkish, but I mean, there's definitely no sign of any kind of bullish talks from JPAL just yet. That being said, you know, on ES, this is, I think this was the daily impulse swing I had drawn. It was this right here.
It's kind of conflicting because I will say the weekly power of three screams bearish as fuck. Now, does that mean we're just going to go into the ground? Not necessarily, but I do think that this week is going to close down. I think that's pretty clear, right? So it's wrong on that bias given on Monday. I think it's been the first week and a couple weeks that we've just been wrong all out. So can't really be mad at it. It's part of the game. But now that I'm looking at it, after we made that massive move down,
and then kind of confirmed it with this OTE push, that would be the bearish weekly power of three. So you just delete this. So if we look at our weekly open, we kind of consolidated on Monday, formed that accumulation phase. Let's do it like this. So the accumulation, manipulation, distribution. Now, what were we distributing towards? Well, when we look at the daily, there is a low right here.
We went a little lower than that or springing back up. Maybe it was this order block. I mean, it's maybe going to four hour and try to find something. Is this imbalance? As far as that goes, I mean, I think the clearest one is probably going to be the start of this order block right here. That wick is kind of weird. That's why I wouldn't have targeted that in the past, even if I had seen this in this context.
So that's the way that I see the weekly power of threes. The Monday was the accumulation and manipulation on Tuesday. Push down, then retracement into optimal trade entry. That's what these lines are. I need to change this because a lot of people are like, what are those three lines? But I just need to do this. People can see. Let's save this as my OTE. So we came right into that optimal trade entry and then massive move away.
You know, as far as opportunities moving forward, you know, I just had no desire to trade this morning because, to be honest, when you have stuff like this go on, like this massive fucking move, it's just, you know, the next day you're most likely going to follow it. But it's just, you know, these aren't really the kind of setups I'm looking to take. Where is 930 at? I mean, to be fair, it wasn't terrible. I mean, you took this low after you continued through the night and then you got a nice reversal.
So I think the overall draw though, let me go to ESZ. I drew that on ES just to kind of save stuff. I'm about to delete a lot of TA. Hide it. So, I mean, I would look at this as our new range, so to speak.
Because this is really where the displacement came in we took this low, you know, this was our old range Was this low to this high up here, but we can I took that low with displacement I'm not looking at just like a, you know, regular liquidity rate and it might reverse but so you know overall
It doesn't seem like the daily is showing desire that it wants to go up just yet. Who knows? We very well may reverse from there. I would be kind of surprised just because we just went to an equilibrium and yeah, we got a nice little high resistance run on liquidity there. So like I said, we might just move down from here.
But on the one hour at this point, you know, because I'm using just like I post that video, the one hour is kind of what I'm using to determine, you know, where I'm looking to take price and what I'm looking for as far as like what we're drawing towards. I think there's going to be a ton of stop losses down here.
Also an unmitigated imbalance. I mean, we tapped into it, but nothing major. So low hanging fruit, you could even go with this. But this is what I think the market is going to draw towards. Now, I think that we have a high chance of coming back up in this range. I'm not saying I'm switching bearish or, oh, we're just done now. I'm not saying that. But I am saying the one hour is pretty fucking bearish right now. So I'd say, okay, well, we're drawing towards something. You know what I mean? Now, what is that something?
who knows it may have may have been this order block i don't know right it may have been that four hour block but um you know until shift back into this range you know i'm going to be a little more bearish overall now does that mean i won't take longs definitely not because we're now back in a premium or at this kind of daily range what would it take for me to take longs would be a
break of structure to the upside here with nice displacement, leaving some kind of fair value gap or just some indication that we're not just going to reverse. Because the overall scenario that I see is two scenarios is that, yeah, it was just some massive manipulation. And we get that when I was just saying the break of structure, the upside with displacement, or we just take out these trailing stops and then continue down.
Because right now the displacement to me is to the downside. So if the displacement is to the downside, I'm personally not going to short this right here just because it's a little lower probability to me. Now I can see the logic of shorting maybe even where we're at, to be honest. And then waiting for that five minute push to the downside, getting a break of structure to tell you that we're drawing down towards this low.
But there's a lot of trailing stops that are going to be here. A lot of new market participants that got in to short that want to be out of the market at that high. Other than that, when I'm looking at this chart, I mean, I guess you could look at this as a rejection block. It's pretty fucking massive. But you don't really have a ton of internal liquidity. You have this high.
that probably will get taken at some point, but you know, obviously it's Thursday, so we're not really looking at things in that context. But when I look at the daily chart, the daily's definitely formed its swing high. Let's form that displacement. We got a massive fair value gap here. If I extend this in the daily chart and then go to one hour and see what's up in here, there's not much. I'm trying to see what's at a premium of this range, right? Or around a premium.
So you've got something right here that can be a little bit more enticing as far as maybe a reversal point. And then other than that, you've got...
If you want to consider this an order block right here, but we kind of already traded through it and traded into it right there. So we're watching order flow. We have this start of order block where the buy side is being offered, pushes up, comes down, but then we trade into it right there. So I wouldn't pay attention as much to that order block. I would say if price gets up in here, it might just want the high, but first stop would be this right here.
So after that, because the dailies showed us it wants lower. We're using that daily. I'm going to take some of this stuff in my chart. I can't have this much shit. The dailies telling us it wants lower. So who knows? Like I said earlier, maybe it's that order block. Maybe it's this low right here. But other than that, we don't have a lot of stuff to target.
Unless we get a nice reversal, I'd say we're drawing down lower overall beyond indices. NQ, holy shit. NQ got fucking hammered. NQ's so weak lately. It really is. It's so fucking weak. I really still wanted this to go higher too. Like I said, I wouldn't be surprised for this to just be a complex range that we start forming where it's not just one straight shot.
It's gonna be interesting to see how things play out with, you know, J-Pow sitting there and saying basically there's no hope of letting up and Basically expect a lot more hawkish positioning from J-Pow. So it's just kind of like, you know, it's hard to see a very bullish market in that context. So now that I'm done with this, let's look at some of these other questions. Bitcoin.
Glad we took those longs at breakeven. It was very slight little gains. Might have went up higher if we hadn't, but I'll take all this and delete it too. Too much TA makes me anxious. Like when I see some people's TA on like Twitter, it makes me just want to throw up. That's like fucking a hundred different lines. I can't do that. I'd say this imbalance overall would be nice, but crypto seems pretty, I mean, alts especially seem pretty strong.
We've got this right here. I mean, if we start really pushing down from here, you know, we could end up going for these lows, especially with that speech from J-PAL. That should just, like I said, I've been saying this whole week, everything can change. And people say, oh, well, don't trade off news. And I agree. I'm not going to sit there and just, I didn't sit there and short during the, I mean, all of that would have been profitable, but I didn't sit there and trade off of his word during the meeting.
Whenever the Federal Reserve basically says the economy is not getting any better, I promise you it's going to have an effect on everything. We'll be bullish on the dollar and bearish on equities. So we balanced this price range. Why is this all up here? Oh, that was from that range thing. Balanced the price range. Now, if you look at the daily, we came up above this high here and started that displacement down over here.
Now, once we didn't react, and I said, this is where he got in those lungs because we wanted to get off the lick rate. But once we didn't react off of this, and the displacement continues the downside, this high ended up being protected. Or maybe it's safe for later, who knows. But I could see a push down for sure after that.
This charts really ugly and this after we have these big news days like you're gonna have like Like this kind of price action you want to let it just died out a little bit in my opinion to get high probability setups so You know just because we have you know something from the Fed or we have NFP tomorrow. Don't forget that
It's going to be a really choppy week. So you guys that have been with me for a while know I talk about probabilities a lot. And part of being a good trader is assessing the market and finding value where it's there and don't force it where it's not. So for like right now, I'm looking at Bitcoin and I'm looking at indices. I think it needs a little bit of chill time as far as like to kind of find its place, show us its hand a little more to where I feel like I'm looking at something that I'm very, very confident in.
Now, when I look at Bitcoin and I look at indices, I kind of see both sides. So if I'm a trader, I need to see one side and stick with that side. So as of now, the displacement's down on Bitcoin. It's pushing down. And the short opportunity for me is not really that great yet.
because it's not that clear. But also, you know, the long opportunity for me is not really there yet. So I'm just going to hang out. Now, where I do see the value at is some of these altcoins are looking nice. I will say that. That's why we've been trading a little bit more alts. Sorry, excuse me, guys.
So Bitcoin I would hang out on, I would chill on. Now specifically what I want to see is the one hour showing very clear direction. This is not clear to me. This is the last time the market should clear direction. This is just FOMC nonsense, so I'm not really paying attention to that as much.
But, you know, like for instance, if we start showing very strong displays on the upside, I look for longs. I would say if I had to guess, I would lean a little more long. And that sounds a little counterintuitive to what we're talking about J-PAL, but just going off the chart, I would lean, you know, if we can come down in this imbalance, I don't think we're just not going to have any reaction. But again, take it day by day.
Somebody asked, do I ever use Renko or some sort of tick chart? I don't. I've seen people use it. Like people use bar charts and other stuff. I just, I like candles. Just preference. Algo, Sushi, ETH, Bitcoin. Okay, we already did corn. Algo has been super strong. It took this low and just never went back. God, this is actually really clean price action. Hello. Displacing the upside.
Repracement right in equilibrium this imbalance and boom to the upside This one's this high that's what I'm saying also look crazy right now Eventually, I think we're gonna come down and clear out a lot of these stops But I really I mean this imbalance kind of gave a reaction but you can see it's still drawing higher So I think the highest is the target right now The also just like in the shadows right now just fucking doing their thing Yeah, this is like for sure what I would look for need to edit these
Yeah, I would look for the high right there. Depending on how you move into it, I might look for more swing longs. I think it's something that I'm not gonna chase right now, just because it's already going. I mean, the entry was far, far below. This could have been a nice probably two to three on a daily chart. I mean, I probably wouldn't have taken it like that, but more. Yeah, like three and a half, 3.3.
Overall looks very good. Now, if I was just an algo trader, see this is something like, if you guys want to just trade alts, trade something like this. Even if you're day trading, this would be more than most alts that I look at look like shit as far as just their structure and overall the composition of the price action. But this looks good. This is clean price action.
I would let the range kind of cool off. If you maintain these lows, like right here, if this stays in a discount, which I mean it will, that would be a big target. And then you've got an order block with a little imbalance. So you've got pretty cutout work for you right there.
So I like this, to be honest. I'm going to add this to my list just because if I see something that looks clean and composed, a lot of you guys probably just think I'm just like Ebenezer Scrooge of crypto by now because I just don't really ever have much nice to say about it. But if it's there, I'm going to participate or maybe participate if I see a clear objective. So I hope you guys seeing me do that live, that kind of opens your eyes what I mean when I say that.
is we have like clear intention, you know, price is making impulse swings. It's leaving imbalances at a discount due to the heavy level of displacement. We have a clear drawn liquidity. So then you can kind of jump down in the lower timeframes and try to get active in that. You see how this works? This is very clean. Now, when we look at a lot of other alts, that's why I'm like, I wouldn't even touch this. I like that chart though a lot. You know, urethrium.
I think this imbalance is going to get tagged. I'm going to look at a four hours because, I mean, the four hour, if you start to reverse from here, I mean, the four hour doesn't look terrible, but just with this massive imbalance here, I mean, I think even if you do see some movement to the upside, you know, it's going to be, get ran and those early longs are going to get taken. But like when I'm looking at, you know, this range, I mean, theoretically.
All of the liquidity from this range internalized has been taken at this point. So, you know, you could look, I can see the bullish case for sure.
I'm definitely showing displacement in the lower timeframes, kind of telling us that one hour might want to move back up. But again, after that kind of mayhem we had, I really want to see clear displacement on the one hour. I don't want to try to jump the gun. Now, if I had a very clear daily bias, it was just above, or daily target, and this and that, then I would be jumping in and be more active. But whenever I'm like, hmm, again, I can see both sides. I can see that the five minutes showing desire to move up, showing that the one hour pullback's over.
that we're pushing up going to take out all these highs i definitely could see that and i could also see that you know the one hour is shifting down while it's still in a discount maybe it was to take out this liquidity but i don't see it shifting up so you know i see a clearer daily target below but the one hour and the five minute are kind of conflicting so that's when i just kind of say okay well the market's always going to be here ethereum's going to be here next week i promise so i'm going to just kind of set it out
and wait until I get somewhere I'm saying, oh, okay, now the market's showing a clear desire. If we have some massive push up, the market just rails, forming a fair value gap here and equal highs. That's something that's, okay, well, now we're going to trade this. See what I mean? But until that, I just wait. I'd look around and if I could find something somewhere I like, I'll take it. That's the one thing that really...
Becoming funded really helped me with. And also just doing the funded tests and preparing for them. Because when I prepared for the funded exam, I really was like, I knew that I was a good trader and I was very profitable. But most traders that are good and profitable, I think a lot of them would still fail funded exams because they're a little reckless. Or like people that have a lot of bread that can handle losses.
they are a little bit more apt to make unnecessary mistakes because they might trade with large funds in their personal account and they may take a huge loss and they can get it back. That can work for you, I guess, if you've proven over time that that works. But as far as getting funded goes or trading on a professional level with another account that's not yours, you can't do that. You know what I mean? But I knew that I had some shortcomings and I wanted to kind of weed them out.
and when i was journaling a lot before i was gonna do the funded stuff i realized that like all the losses i took i could go back not all a lot of the losses i took i could go back and i remembered those trades and i remember they were trades that i was feeling like this about like you're like you're you know you're you're not just trading because there's a beautiful setup you're just trading because you feel like you know well i'm a trader i have to trade
So I'm going to go on the chart and I'm going to find whichever way that I'm leaning the most towards, even if I'm not confident in it. And, you know, I just have to execute. And people say, oh, scared money doesn't make money. And you just have to go in and get after it. Now, that is a double-edged sword. The whole scared money doesn't make money. Because in that instance, you know, yes, that could be validated. You know, somebody could have that argument. But when you look at it from an objective perspective and just kind of reality.
Well, the scared money is the person that is forcing themselves to trade. That's scared money because you're scared not to be in the market. Because now, even though you know there isn't an A-plus setup where, like I always say, as traders, we're like business people because this is our business and you want to make sure that you're putting yourself in the best business deals whenever you have a business. You don't just take every single offer or partner with every single person who wants to be your partner. You don't do that.
You wait until there is something that is very valuable, and then you hop on it. Same goes for trades. So the person that is just forcing themselves to trade, they're doing that on the fear of missing out. And they're rationalizing that they're doing something right, saying that they're not scared to lose money, which is completely counterintuitive to a successful mindset. So I hope that helps. That little bit helps you guys.
Somebody asked, can we trust this indicator? I have no idea what you're referring to, to be honest, because I haven't used any indicators, but maybe you're talking about like something I said about J-PAL. What makes me think that crypto will have a pump?
I'm not sure. I think this is probably before I've explained in full way. I'm kind of leaning more towards that with Bitcoin, but I also can see the bearish side, so I'm not sure what you mean. Also, I mean, it's just simple, like the charts. This looks like it's pumping and wants to pump. You know what I mean? I was looking at them, too. It's not down where I want it yet, though.
So I'll wait on that. This is another one I have eyes on. But yeah, for ALS, I mean, just the chart.
By definition, what do I mean whenever I say something looks like it wants to pump? If it's showing displacement to the upside on a daily chart and it has a clear target. A lot of people probably think I'm doing some really complicated stuff. For those learning, it is complicated. It's hard to learn. I understand that. But it's not as mathematical or as crazy as a lot of people think. It's literally just understanding.
that price is always going to draw up to liquidity and then using the chart to tell us what liquidity it's drawing towards. That's it. That's all trading is. Sir, I am from India and I trade... I know Nifty. So we trade what we call Nifty Bank and it's very fast. Like none of the indicators work. If you have times, could you look at it? You can search it. Yeah, I've looked at Nifty before. I'm familiar.
This is the one, right? Nifty Bank. It's not Nifty Futures or whatever. I would say this is your draw on liquidity right now. So I would look for, which one's high? Is it higher? 40.15. Oh no, it did take the high. I mean, to be fair, I think you're still drawing towards it though, just to be honest, because the way that price is moving. So I would look for this to be taken right here.
And then after that, you're going to have some decline, some heavy decline. This is the weekly chart. So I would say, and I'm just going to start here. Yes, there's this imbalance right here. To be honest, I'd say the overall target, you'll get a reaction there. But I would say the overall target on a weekly, if you start to reverse above this high, would be 36,248. And looking at the daily, I think you could maybe retrace a little bit before taking the high.
I would say, and another thing people would say, oh, there's gaps. How do you chart that? It's the same thing. It's just, you got to pay attention to what matters, the structure and where is there gaps that need to be filled and premium and discount. So I would say here, I want to see how much of this we filled. I would almost want to just focus on this candle here. If you do start to pull back.
And then also got a very massive imbalance right between these candles. So what I would look for, because the daily seems like it wants to push down a little bit, it could just bounce up at any time. As we get closer to these ranges we've talked about, we had the private class on inefficient ranges and then also, oops.
And also, you know, once we're closer to a really high timeframe target like that, if we are indeed going to take it out, the closer we get to it, the stronger the magnet becomes, so to speak. So you might not see a efficient range where price kind of comes back down like we expect it to and then push up. You can just see it jump up there and grab it. So at this point, I definitely wouldn't try to short it because of that. Now, if you look at the one hour and it shows you the long.
which I don't see here. I think it's not showing that yet. Now, if you came above this with displacement, yes. But again, this is something I would probably wait on too. Like this, it's at a very key level. It's at, I mean, it almost looks like all time highs. Yeah, it's at all time highs. Looks like it wants to come up and take that liquidity. I mean, this is something else that, you know, it's a lower probability atmosphere that you're putting yourself in.
When you trade a market, it's like this now. And that's just my opinion. You might have a strategy that works better than what I do for this. By no means is the way that I trade the only way I trade. So sometimes when I say things like, oh, this is low probability, somebody might be listening. They're like, no, it's not. I have a strategy for this. And I'm not arguing with you. I'm just saying from my perspective, from what I do. So to me, this is something that it's not very maneuverable. Now, what would change that if price came back down?
into one of these zones and then the one hour starts showing displacement. That's when it becomes higher probability because I have a confident target. I have reason to look for trades. Right now I'm kind of just like, ah, I see both sides.
I know I've said that multiple times, but I'm just being honest. And especially with the United States markets, like after you and then crypto, which is heavily reliant on the index futures market and the stock market itself. You know, it's after you have FOMC day like that, we also have NFP tomorrow. So it's like, I mean, really, you know, most strategies are going to be a little less precise with all that going on. Gold. This chart I've been using.
I mean, good God, if it doesn't take this low, I honestly wouldn't be surprised. I'll just be straight up with you. Like, I would not even be surprised if it didn't take that just because that's what gold likes to do. And it'll engineer even more stops before it comes out and takes them all. NFP might take it. But overall, I would say, you know, with this move right here.
Nothing really on the five minute that tells me it wants massive downside yet. So I think you'll probably come up and take this high. I wouldn't be...
Trying to force logs here, even though they seem to be working nicely right here. But overall, I think you're drawn to this high. Now, if I look at the daily chart, again, we came so close to that low. It would be the gold thing to do to just leave it. But until the one hour, because the one hour is showing downside to me right now. So until the one hour shows me a really nice shift up, which it kind of looks like it wants to, then I would just hang out and chill on it. So for me, what that would be would be a nice shift above this high.
It's a very violent push. I mean, really, even you could say this high, too. If we get a nice push above it, leave a fair value gap, then you could start to maybe try to frame longs, pushing back up at this imbalance, kind of just taking it step by step. Really, it would be nice if we take this low, though, because at any minute, you can really just retrace and get a nasty dump right into that liquidity. Hex. Jesus, what the heck, man? I just got to say that's a rug pull, in my opinion.
It's a scam. It's legitimately a Ponzi scheme, by definition. I don't know how much I'm going to be able to look at it, but I'll just be honest. I don't want to... There we go. This is a better chart. I think this is a total scam. No question. That's just me. I could be wrong. If you went rad, go on YouTube and talk about what is a Ponzi scheme, and then go read about Hex. It's the same exact thing.
So weekly order block right there. Daily is shifting the downside. I haven't really formed a gap yet. If you close this day without making a new high, you could look for the one hour to switch bearish from there for sales. Overall target would probably just be the major low down here. I wouldn't touch this shit with a fucking 10-foot pole. But anyway, it looks pretty bearish overall.
Now, you know, flip side, you could look at it like there's a shift here and we might come down and trade something in here. I wouldn't look at it like that. But, you know, you could maybe see some kind of reaction. I would be bearish on this, though. What do you mean by inducement? Oh, I see what you mean now. Yeah. Yeah.
I never really watch 30 too much in the lower time frames and study it. If anything just rails off of a fair value gap for order block, it would be 30. I remember there was one week I was watching on the one hour. It was literally just tapped on every order block and just fucking flew. This shit is funny as shit. It's like a meme. Yeah, I could see that low getting taken for sure. I could also see consolidation after NFP, whichever way we go.
You know, that's going to be fun to see what happens tomorrow. But I personally, you know, I probably won't be really forcing anything in major markets this week. We got NFP tomorrow. We had FOMC yesterday. It's kind of just it's not very logical to me personally to trade a lot during that. So that's just a bearish and bullish fair value gap is all that is. People are just trying to be fucking ICT.
It's an imbalance. Buy side inefficiency, sell side imbalance. Sell side imbalance, buy side inefficiency. ICT uses big words to make people feel like they're like scientists. Smart money. It's always so funny whenever people sit there and they just like, you'll know somebody and they go from like a regular vocabulary to like some scientific vocabulary. They trade smart money concepts for like six months.
This shit is funny. Banned, silent, I got you. God damn it, there's fucking porn bots in the damn fucking YouTube comments. The sad thing is that some people have to fall for that. Oh, I see Gregor Bunce answered that before I could. I didn't read that. People have to fall for that shit in order for it to be that active. It's fucking pathetic. Euro USD.
My band was, let me do band. I'm reading from two chats. My God. Of course, this is, you motherfucker silent. Holy fuck. Band to the moon. He said, when short, I would not short this, personally. I've never wanted to try to short the massive crypto pumps. I mean, it can be very lucrative sometimes, but it can also be extremely painful.
If you're interested in a meme thing, yeah, but as far as actually trading it, with a real position, I like my peace of mind. I mean, I would think you're going to take this high up at that point if you start to resource nicely. Yeah, I would say that. I mean, honestly, I will say, though, if you came up here in the one hour, it does start to short or turn to a short. That would be the framework.
Something like that in the one hour. Sorry, excuse me for sniffling, guys. I just can't help it. I'm going to add this, actually. I was talking shit, but it's just silent. I mean, but don't, by any means, those who are watching, don't think I'm telling you to short it once it gets up here immediately. I'm just saying it's a potential reversal zone. Euro dollar, and then I'm going to hop off here after Euro dollar. It's not on this watch list. Oh, yeah, it is.
That was nice yesterday. We were kind of, for those, if you want to go back and watch some like live TA, like it was during the FOMC, go back and watch, say it was like 3 p.m. of that stream. So like, I don't know, like an hour and a half in, but we thought we were kind of charting this live as it said. I didn't know. I wasn't speaking because he was talking, but I was trying to show people I put this target here because I said that it was going to retrace a little bit. I drew a fair value gap, but come down to these lows and these lows.
I might do more videos like that. ICT does them a lot where he'll record his trading, his charting. I might start doing that. I don't trade on TradingView, but I could start maybe doing that just to show a little bit more live, I guess, thought process.
Sometimes I do it on stream, but I'll be honest, I like doing the streams at this time because I like being very focused and not trying to please a bunch of people and do charts for people while I am looking for my own trades. I used to do that, and it was fine. We found some nice trades live, but I noticed someone had asked me for TA on a chart, which I love doing.
you know that's what these streams are for but like if i'm trading and i'd like look at something come back it's like oh i wasn't paying attention to this i missed an opportunity so did everybody else in the discord because of it so that's why i started streaming at different times but i would like to to have the uh the live aspect where you guys can see my thought process so good old eu this shit's going to the depths bro it doesn't ever get a break i mean i guess theoretically it hasn't gotten a daily market structure shift yet but
You're going to this low. That's just what I would say. I mean, that's just the next target. And I'm not saying that's where you're gonna reverse on any kind of grand scheme. So that would be where I'd look. I would just trade the one hour down into it. So you have this, boom, boom, boom. I would probably consider all of this one. Would be really nice if you could get above these highs. I'm actually gonna set an alert for this.
So specifically why is because there's that liquidity that's resting right in front of a premium. Got this order block. I know it's massive, but you know, this right here and then there's an imbalance just above. So what I would look for specifically is, you know, one hour showing us that it wants to move to the downside in this region up here.
And then I would just be targeting that low. This is like a, EU has been a fun market to trade for those who trade in London. I don't really pay it too much mind because all the setups that I like taking usually happen during the London session. But I do like just watching it and potentially getting some trades sometimes. USD CAD, longs for EU. I mean, I can see a little retracement up.
He said, that's your stop loss. I always said, bro, that's my stop loss. This right here. Yeah. Well, I don't want to psych you out. I know you do pretty well.
That's another thing too. I hope that I don't do it to you guys. I mean, I'm sure that I do at times. But if you're trying to be a trader, you want to learn and you want to be independent. And this isn't just a side hustle where maybe you pay for signals and you just want a little side income, which that's totally cool. It's just another passive income stream. That's fine. But if you are trying to get to a point where this is your profession,
and you know on your own what you want to do, don't ever let me, don't let ICT, don't let anybody shake your bias. That happens to you a lot.
And this is me just being honest because obviously I want you to watch my streams and I want you to pay attention to my stuff and make content so you guys can look at it. But if I am affecting your trading to the point where you have bias and I sway it and you're not convicted in your bias and you're trading with live funds or trying to get funded, don't watch the streams. And that's just me being real with you. Because, for instance, I used to have ICT's tweet notifications on. I turned them off.
Because there's been multiple fucking days where he said something that was against what I wanted to do. And it's not like I just flipped my bias. Oh, I'm shorting. But I was less confident. And there's been days where I was right. You know what I mean? Like I remember not long ago, we were in like a group call. I can't remember what was in it. But I was like, I don't know. It was Mang and I think Senpai. And I was like, bro, he's tripping. Like this shit is going to fucking rail. And it did. But I just didn't even look for long because like.
There was like one person says like not I'm with I see I'm bearish and I was like, I don't know This shit looks bullish as fuck to me and it ended up flying and that's happened multiple times Because you know and I'm sure there's been times that I've said something and you guys have said the opposite and then it happened and you know You may have not had capitalized on it because of me and that just happens whenever you're in the social media space with trading It's gonna happen, but try to limit it as much as possible because
Maybe, like you said, Vance, keep it in the back of your mind what some of the best traders you know say and take their opinions, the happy medium of it. I'm not saying if you're a professional trader, just don't watch anything on social media. But I'm saying if you have a lack of confidence as it is, because for instance, if your bias gets swayed, it's because two things. You're not confident and you have a fear of being wrong.
Because you're going to look at that as an outlet. I can just listen to them and then they're wrong. It's their fault if something goes wrong. And that's a complex a lot of people have. And then there's also what goes in with that is that you're not confident in your TA at all anyways. So the first strong win that comes, you just get blown away. Now, for instance, if I look at something and I have my TA and then there's a lot of traders I respect, if I see them say something else, say, oh, cool.
Why do you think that? And I genuinely learn about it. And then I'm like, OK, well, I'll learn from it if I'm wrong. And then if not, great. And I don't care. But what I think really what it comes down to more is just not being afraid to lose and not being afraid to be wrong. And I don't mean be reckless and just say, fuck it. I don't care. There's money. But, you know, when you have a system, you go with that system and don't. And if it's wrong, it's OK.
But on that note, guys, I am going to hop off here. Tomorrow we'll be going live at noon. Again, probably not going to be a super, super active day. We're in a couple of trades in the server between me and everybody else. But as far as day trading with NFP, unless I see something amazing, I'm not going to take it. Because NFP is going to be pre-market, so we don't have to worry about it during the hours.
But yeah, just be safe out there if you do decide to trade all day tomorrow. Just always remember that I promise you that the stock market will be here next week and so will everything else. But yeah, I will see you guys tomorrow. I appreciate you all coming through as always. Feel free to hit me up, not ask me anything. I'm about to post a video here in a couple minutes. So it might be like an hour or two, but I'm going to post a video today for you guys.
What's up, Atufi? Did you see where we did Matic? We talked about Matic. Yeah, I figured. I know. I saw you. It's in the first 10 minutes or 15 minutes of video, so you'll be able to find it pretty easily. Don't short it yet is the moral of the story. But anyways, I will holler at you guys tomorrow. I'll see y'all.
