What's up? What's up? I slept in today, guys. I can never sleep in like that on the, I guess you'd say the work week, but it felt good. RIP takeoff, man. I don't know if my viewers that are on YouTube from other countries know who that is, but that shit is so fucking crazy. Only playing old Migos today. So, here on S&P and the NASDAQ, so we've got some...
Pretty big SMT divergence here and delete this just for visual purposes
yes i said rf you take off for real i should have so stupid like i don't want to stay on it too much but like just sad as fuck man like dude went on dude achieved so much like literally revolutionized modern um like what was mainstream rap meant and he was like the only one that didn't ever like run his mouth and everything and then gets killed at a dice game like that shit is so fucked up
It's just so stupid, man. A shit like that makes you lose faith in people. But we got this SMT divergence here on ES and the NASDAQ. So I think what's going to happen is I think we're going to move down going into FOMC. I think that was pretty clear. I hate deleting my TA recently, but I'm going to just hide it all so I don't feel bad for deleting it.
We go to the one hour. We've had SMT on SMT on SMT, right? So we even had it again on the one hour here. So if we had a move like this on both indices, that would be a little bit more bearish overall on it just because it would be happening in a premium of the daily range. But since it's SMT, it tells me that's probably manipulation. And it might not be. Who knows? We'll see. But I think it's pretty clear the draw right now.
And that's going to be this imbalance right here. It's much smaller on ES. But I think that it's pretty clear that that is the draw.
Overall, I think that's what we're moving towards. I still haven't even decided if I'm going to trade or not. I'm not going to lie. I literally slept in. I set up late as shit last night. Me and my boy were playing this game called Crusader Kings. It's like some nerdy shit, but it's cool as fuck. You're like a king, but it's super in-depth. It's like a simulator. You have to do the government for your city.
If you ever liked SimCity or Civilization, you'd like it, but stayed up last night being a D-Gen, so I'm pretty tired. Overall, I could see maybe some potential retracement here, but at the end of the day, when we have this kind of down movement, I think that most of the stop losses, like the institutional stops, are going to be right here.
possibly up here, but like when we have this kind of big move down, there's not really much trading going on here. And I think it's going to be a gap that's going to be preserved for later. But if the five minute could provide something along these lines.
right up into this order block and then also these gaps and fill out liquidity void. And you do get a reversal on the one minute. That's the kind of likely narrative that I see playing out. I probably wouldn't log into this just because your targets are going to be pretty slim and pretty close by. I think this is a very likely reversal zone.
Not totally. How did the Asia range last night play out?
NASDAQ would, again, as usual lately. I mean, I feel like the ES might be the better sell opportunity, to be honest. But NASDAQ, if you're going along, which I probably wouldn't personally. Yeah, I think that if we are going to be bullish after FOMC, we're going to be bearish before it. So he asked, what is my bias on tomorrow's meeting? I try to have a bias on the meeting, and I'll sit out. I won't be trading during that.
I think that overall, the daily chart still has some upside on both NASDAQ and the S&P. So overall, I think we're going to have a flush out, like a really hard flush out to the downside during the meeting, and then potential up movement. But again, I'm not going to try to play off that. I'll wait, let the fireworks unfold. Now, if we do make it past this area right here, I would say you're going to fill into this gap.
So we say like the impulse move, which we can do like this. You could come back into a premium, but just looking at this range for what it is, I would usually look for something in this imbalance above these highs. And that's definitely possible. But a lot of times I notice that we won't get that in these ranges. So I think we're getting a little bit of power here. What I would do, again, I'm not sure if I'm going to trade, but if I do, it won't be till after 130.
Yeah, overall points are reversed. I'll be looking at like this imbalance and here. I mean, you know, you could, you know, anything's possible, but I don't see like a total reversal long as super high probability just yet. It's definitely possible because we came down tapped right in at equilibrium on ES on the NASDAQ as far from that. So we'll see how it plays out. Seems like it's definitely getting some strength here.
I'm gonna take a look at the Asian because it's like my first look at charts as well So I you know whenever I just look at the morning price action I'd like to see some context of so what was it? So 16 I just use the Asian range for this one. Yeah, I like this So let's see No, I need to just put both sides I was doing just this I don't wanna I don't know why it even matters
So we did come right down to the third extension of the Asian range, this imbalance. I mean, theoretically, I guess it did come back to a discount in its own way. I mean, it's right there. So that one's kind of iffy. I would wait for kind of like more confirmation of the upside personally, just because I think that even if we get up in here, we have a good chance of kind of making another low. Again, just kind of wait and try to react rather than predict. Let's see what...
This looks like it's going to be much cleaner as far as the, yeah, super clean there. So moved right into this gap, which was the opening gap. And from there, that was the fourth extension of the Asian range, the forced deviation measured move.
Came right into that. And then now we're down in here. So another thing, too, and this isn't always correct by any means, but sometimes when we have this massive range here, you know, a lot of times the big move of the day is kind of done. Not always, though. Definitely not always. I could see more potential downside. But overall, we look at this coming from let's go to a full chart. I want to go to ES just because it's cleaned up.
So notice how we're under the open. So see how we're kind of pushing under the open. It's Tuesday with this little manipulation. And this could have been the high of the week. Who knows? You know, you never know. But we're staying under the weekly open quite a bit here. Now, if we are bullish on the weekly, a nice overall power of three would be to
move down maybe into some kind of higher timeframe price delivery array, which, you know, we kind of have this, it's not the clearest, I won't lie. We kind of have this order block here. But again, I mean, how clean is that? We're moved into it already. So we'll see if that holds. I think NQ had something a little bit, maybe it was the actual contracts. So that's about one hour one.
Taking all the liquidity for the week. I mean, whenever we're looking at the overall weekly power of three, if we want to move to the upside, you know, we look for the high of the week to be made either on a Tuesday or Wednesday. Now, this one's a little tricky because it's made on both. We took the high there, and then we also took the low here. Actually, this wasn't the high of the week. This is right here. Interesting. If you draw the range like that, I get a lot of ways to go.
Let me answer some of these questions Thoughts on dollar CAD. We'll take a look at CAD. I want to continue to look at this just for a second
As I said, haven't got the data stats to back it up, but I've noticed Asia pumps or dumps and gets retraced in a session a lot of the time, in the New York session a lot of the time. Yeah, for sure that does happen. The way I use the Asia range is just general points of liquidity. And then I see what side was taken first. So, for instance, usually if we have like a push up, you know, after midnight like this.
Especially if the high of the day occurs in London and then we kind of move down. That was the setup we had the other day. No, it wasn't the high of the day. It was just this accumulation, manipulation. But if we can see a manipulation in the early hours of the day and then down movement or vice versa manipulation down and then up, that's going to usually kind of complement the bias. We'll just go ahead and take a look at the dollar card.
Looks pretty damn bullish right now. And it looks like it came down into... What is this? It's a weekly fair value gap? Yeah. So it's weekly fair value gap. Wix are kind of just tapping that into it. I mean, it's not really coming into a discount. I think this could still go down overall, but I mean, this looks like it wants to go up. But the reason I say I'd want it to go down is because we have a massive range here. Excuse me.
Massive range with a lot of liquidity being engineered just above a discount. And this weekly fair value gap, if we want to refine this down, we can push it down to this gap right here. Speaking of the devil, this will help with this as well. So DXY, it's not really doing what I wanted it to do. I'll say that because this tells me it wants to go a little higher.
But I mean that makes sense going into FOMC. I was kind of hoping we'd hit into this imbalance with the FOMC pump But I would say the next up here would probably this order block up here and draw a line The reason I say that it depends how we hold here I mean this kind of could be a liquidity rate to be honest because the way of this, you know massive move But I mean, you know, I would watch this zone So what I would do here is draw a line
Yeah, I wanted to come a little lower first and it came into the imbalance, but I don't really That's not really what I would want to see and then if we could come into that This is massive folks going on the dollar right now What was the news today again, this is unlike So jolt's job openings, holy shit, okay That wasn't that was a 10 a.m. though
111.252, 11.251, it did take the low. Yeah, I don't know. I feel like I picked a good day to sleep in. Yeah, I was kind of expecting it to come down from here. It's a weird time. I'm not going to trade this personally. I'll watch it. I think it'll make another higher high, but we'll see. Looks like potential more redistribution.
Good question. Somebody asked, am I able to determine a daily bias every day? Definitely not. Not one that, like, you can always, like, kind of, like, you know, make one, I guess. But you got to be real with yourself. Like, are you really super confident in it or not? Hold on a second. Sorry.
I had to cough really loud. Yeah, I don't know. I feel like I'm still sick or something. Even my girl, because my girl is getting sicker. And apparently it's the flu, so I don't know. Flu's back now that COVID's gone. But yeah, no, for daily bias, I mean, I wouldn't say you can get it on point every single day. I definitely wouldn't.
But you should know the days and be honest with yourself when you're really confident. If you're super confident, then that's the day you want to be really active. If you're getting to a point where your reversal might happen, like for instance, let's say if you had your daily bias here and you said, okay, I think we're going to take this high.
So every day, you kind of trade it up into that, but then you get here. It's kind of right now. This is where the probability starts to kind of get a little lower if you're just using the discount and, you know, internal liquidity, because, you know, even though if you have other liquidity up here.
And we have the potential to go, you know, maybe we get this false reversal, shake out those early stops or early shorts and take up this internal liquidity. But, you know, it gets a little fuzzy right there. So sometimes, you know, maybe it's best to weigh out through this and then wait till you get this. It's like that vicious shift up. And then sometimes, you know, you won't have much of an opportunity and then you just want to wait for the big move. And then, you know, OK, now I'm bearish, so to speak.
Here's another thing that I was looking on yes
using the fixed volume profile range from the CPI dump down to that next CPI. It's pretty crazy how like we had literally no trading through this whole thing right here, right? So if we just mark out this zone and I've been messing with the volume profile, not to use the point of control or the value area, high or low, but mainly for the identification of, you know, a true fair value gap, because the whole idea of an imbalance or fair value gap is that there was no trading going on there. That price was just, there's, you know,
nobody's able to get filled at a fair value. So usually price wants to come up and, you know, push up into these zones. So now if I take that same thing and draw it through this whole range, I want to see, or no, no, no, this range right here, we see that also over here in this region, there was little to no trading, even after we came up back into this push. This is just this whole range, you know, between these two points. So there's a lot of low volume areas in this whole region right here.
I think if you draw like this, it makes it look clearer as well. No, no, no, it wasn't. But that's why overall, I really do like this imbalance as a draw. Now, if I'm looking at potential areas, you could say there's this right here. This is all balanced price range. All of these little, or there will be a balanced price range if price gets to it. All these little gaps, within gaps, so to speak. You could really extend this one all the way up here.
And if you want to include the volume imbalances, it's all of it. So you see, I mean, it's, I think it's highly probable. We go back up into this range. Somebody said, who's Mark? I have no idea who the fuck Mark is. I saw Brody put that. It's the internet watching the market and started to make dinner and now it's reversing. Don't, don't get FOMO. Even if it does, it's fine.
I think this is like a, no, it's not revert. Now it's reversing again. So hopefully, a lot of times too, you look at stuff and on, wait, it says on your screen, my title is Mark. Oh, what the fuck? Why the fuck is the title Mark? Here, let me edit it. It's supposed to be market review. It's fucking hilarious. I'm glad you said that. But everybody's like, what the fuck? You guys can definitely tell I just woke up.
How did that happen? It's so funny. But everybody's like, bro, what the fuck? Are you good? Should be changed now. Mark. That's way too much. That's more funny than it should be to me. You know, FOMO. Yeah, everybody just wasn't going to say anything. They're like, okay, bro. Doge one hour range. And AU, wait.
Oh my god. This would be hilarious. Breaking news, Biden supporting Fed policy pivot. That'd be fucking hilarious. So what's this? AU and Doge. Let's do AU first because I have a leaky ass first. I know I always want to put USDTP. That's the crypto trader in me.
I haven't really been interested in AU in quite a while personally. I just don't like the daily chart, but that's just me. I know a lot of people trade it really well. When we look at this massive range we formed in the weekly, it does look like it's ready for some correction. We've got this order block right here.
So came down to that on a weekly, and if we go to a daily, this is where I don't like it. Now, yes, it's displacement, I guess, but it's just, it's super just ugly price action, in my opinion, like this WIC. Yeah, we got to break a structure here.
It's not really what I would want to see as far as this V-shape versus a lot of wicks, a lot of hesitation. Pause here, kind of pushes up. Seems like it's just coming up into this, and then I think it'll make another lower low. I could be wrong, but this to me is not something I want to trade.
So like whenever you're looking at stuff that's, you know, in my opinion, if you're a day trader, you want to see stuff that has clear daily intention and very good. Like over here, this is what you want to trade. Like this down there, that's what you want to trade. It's clear intention, right? Market is shifting, showing you what it wants to do. You know, here we're kind of just trying to like mess around with it and figure it out. So it's like, you know, there you have a very clear intention of what's going on.
So that was drawing down to that weekly discount liquidity. So until there's clear intention, I wouldn't really be able to personally give you anything of like, I'm not going to say what I think for sure, because I think it's a very low probability based on the daily, but I think if I had to lean any way, I would say that this is all going to get taken, all that right there. And you have that low resistance run on liquidity. So to me, that's not very...
not strong i think this this low will get taken so if i were trading this i would go in with the notion of trying to short um because when you see this kind of stuff happen usually it's like very violent when it does happen and unexpected because everybody thought it was the bottom so you know if i'm looking at the order phone the one hour there's that so we've got our first break moved up into that order block and you just want to kind of follow that order phone see what's happening second break
Order blocks are trading nicely here. Order block. See what I mean? Okay. Third break. Now, what are we drawing for? Because price is going down, right? So I would say that the next on an hourly chart, I would say you're probably headed for these lows in this imbalance. So I would just mark out this. And if I was looking to be a day trader, I would try it. I mean, it looks like I'm already gave an opportunity.
No, I didn't even like it. There's nothing really you could have done there. And let's use the one minute, but I would use the five minute to confirm that. I would try to see if it gives you a chance to go higher maybe and take this out. I mean, it's kind of a crap shoot, but overall I'd be looking at short of these equal lows and just look at like, you know, ask myself, how can I get involved in that? And to me, I wouldn't be trying to short this. I mean, cause you know, yeah, it's a one minute reversal pattern, but it's like, what's your stop up here? Like, it just doesn't make sense.
But, you know, that would be the only clear intention I see is bearish order flow into these lows. And then, you know, just kind of tagging out everything along the way. Doge, one hour range. I think that really both these could get taken. I think it's very possible. So much liquidity building up in the form of these trend lines. I also think, well, you did take the trend line, actually. I was looking for one up here when I said that. Take that as well.
And you're getting to that point where it's like, yeah, you want to short it. Okay. Yeah, I feel that more than wanting to try and long it. I mean, honestly, I would almost say this is its own new displacement. I mean, that's just maybe a little aggressive just because everything that's going on. But because, you know, yeah, we have this massive range down here.
But it's like, fuck, man. I mean, there is a lot of liquidity right there. I don't know. I mean, I could see it anyway, to be quite honest. Like, I see this as internal liquidity. I'm going to order block in an imbalance. I'll focus probably more on the order block right here. Just this whole little down move. So if you're looking at the range like this, you could look down here. If you want to be a little more aggressive, it's kind of already in a discount. What I would see, maybe if you can get a... Move it back up into this right here.
That'd be some nice sales. I see what you're talking about. 15 minute break possible. Pull back to short. I think it's, you know, looking more like a short for sure. But again, it's Doge. So it's like, you know, with everything that's going on, it takes one word for master Elon. Max Payne initiated. I still think it's funny that I had Mark is the name of the video. The fuck? I'm looking at play, but it just says Mark.
The order block, are you okay? TXY, man, that wig is fucking ridiculous. Pre-FOMC things. Yeah, this is going to that order block. And we talked about this a little bit yesterday. Golly, right off that volume imbalance. I mean, to be honest, if not lower. So one, I want to maybe get some longs. I don't want to tweet it about this.
Got this nice shift. This whole little down moves in order block, but I would probably wait until it's just at a discount on the daily before I'd like to really do much.
A lot of liquidity built up under this range. So I'd almost like to see that get taken. We'll see. I'm not going to force anything here. Oh yeah, I wanted to recap this Bitcoin long from yesterday. We got to stop that at breakeven on it. May end up regretting moving stops to breakeven. But at the end of the day, especially with crypto, I don't mind. We hit two TPs. I took like 50% of the position total right at this first one and then like another 25%-ish.
right here so it wasn't any kind of crazy gains but um the overall reasoning for which we talked about yesterday but i'll go over it again let me delete some of this stuff i'm actually gonna hold this so we can see a little bit better and i still think this looks decent for more upside although there are a lot of stops under this low but we have this nice range right here a lot of low resist sorry low resistance liquidity right after we ran liquidity
I didn't really run it again. I mean, you could look at this as, you know, I see something. But to me, I want the high taken and then the high taken again, so to speak. Same thing happened over here. We came up and took all the highs from this little range. Nothing of institutional sponsorship really there. But, you know, this displacement down could push us down farther. Overall, I looked at the OTE. We had a one-hour fair value gap. And then as soon as we had this.
Put it up so you guys can see where we lined up.
actually long, like right before it got its really big push, but I was looking at this price action down here and I looked at this as our shift. Now I know this isn't much displacement, but crypto has not given much displacement, but I have kind of been getting better at the pattern recognition of like new age crypto market. Cause it just sucks the way it doesn't really, a lot of times it's not going to show the clear displacement. Like for instance, when it does, it doesn't even like, okay, for instance, the clear displacement, the gap is right there.
all right so okay let's say if you were to trade this gap it just comes down and just wicks the lows wicks these lows now if you had a tight stop or your supply and demand pay you got stopped out so i'm kind of just trading that how i see works so got some nice little gains nothing crazy i think it was like i don't know like 1.5 to 2r this was like right it was like 26 21 was the tp it's like right around this area
So yeah, like under two or nothing crazy, nothing crazy at all, but still small gains break even move on to the next What is a volume imbalance in terms of what happens in the market to cause it same thing as an imbalance, but I'm just between openings So lack of trading Yeah, I cannot believe fucking
Takeoff, I just got another text. That's crazy, man. Playing old school. There's actually a song called Casper by Takeoff that I used to listen to all the time. Because believe it or not, that's been my nickname for like that. I didn't come up with that for trading. That was my nickname since I was like six years old. What is this? Do I understand breakaway gaps? Yeah, actually. So for instance, the ideology behind it is similar to right here. So for instance, like...
If there's a massive move here, then we're looking at where are there stop losses or where are trailing stop losses? So usually, for instance, if we had a clear entry up here, if there would have been something that showed clear displacement return to fair value gap, then this move, then the second little move, we would look for this to get taken because all the late traders are going to put their stop losses there. But really...
In a lot of these scenarios, there's not as much of a reason to go back up to the breakaway gap because there's no stop losses in front of it. Now, as far as using the measuring stuff, I haven't actually implemented that too much myself, but I hope that helped a little bit. Overall, where this happened, I mean, we could move down from here, but yeah, I mean, a lot of stuff's been happening during lunch.
Like if this happened after lunch, I probably would have taken a trade in this fair value gap right here and just targeted these lows. But this is an example of...
there's not really necessarily a reason to come all the way back up here because there's not stop losses really. Now at some point we will, yes, but in today's price action, we're going to look, most of the trailing stop losses or the people that were getting in late, they're getting in right here. So they already got stopped out and we did move into a gap and we have clear sell side below and also that clear draw on liquidity with this low and that one hour imbalance.
So there's not really you got to think of it like like the whole idea behind the bridge builders video. And I'm not going to speak for ICT because I obviously don't have his vision for that in mind. But what I got from it, I should say, was, you know, when you're building the bridge between for your trade, you know, from the origin to the terminus or whatever words that he used, you want to ask yourself, like, why is it being built and things of that nature?
Elon's weak and kill my trade. Thanks, Mark. Yeah, that's my type of humor too. I don't even know why. It's just so funny. Gold. Thoughts on gold. Everybody wants gold. Let's run it. I'm going to see a lot of volatility moving into FOMC with anything with the dollar. Gold is such a fickle beast. Ideally, what I'd really like to see, and maybe this is me being a little biased, is a push back up into this fair value gap.
what potentially could be a balanced price range if we offer the buy side because we have this massive gap here between this for value gap and then inside this. And then also, if you want to refine even a little more, even more of a gap right there, I wouldn't really go back and all that. But I think that could be a nice draw. The gold is just so fucky. This is why I stopped trading it, to be honest. I mean, I traded a lot on my challenge, but...
Like just this kind of so just always making equal lows like the weekly equal lows that were made for years. It's just So manipulative. It's not even funny. It's like manual manipulation, too But I mean if I had to look at I would say it's going for more for the lows just because you know this shift right here I moved into this daily fair value gap Tapped in this order block as well So if we go back maybe back to a five minute and look at
Power of three. I mean, really, this wasn't the cleanest, but I guess you could say, you know, this right here, down to this low. So I would say this is probably more of a sell here, but that's just me. I wouldn't touch it just going this far into FOMC, but I see, you know, we came up into that daily gap. Let's go to one hour. One hour hasn't really given a clear sell signal in terms of a market structure shift.
Sorry, excuse me, guys. But if, you know, as far as I'm concerned, because we don't have any like real swing low here, there's no candle with one candle on either side of it with a higher low until all the way down here. So it would be lower probability for me as far as a sell. But I mean, looking at the daily, that's more what I see. This would be one I'd sit out on because of that. So what I would do is wait for, you know, okay, if we can maybe make a little bit of upside movement and then take a low, you know, whatever fair value gap was created there.
If one is created, that's where I'd look to trade. ETC, weekly breaker. I mean, this is the, I don't know, we've been talking about this one for a little bit, but you want to see a reversal here, to be honest. Like, I mean, it may be in this order block. Oops, wrong one. If you can see a nice reverse, because you have the shift right here inside that weekly breaker block.
But we just kind of moved into this massive imbalance. So, you know, if we do start to see the one-hour shift in here, I would look for it to retrace back up into this imbalance. But no sign of that yet. Obviously, we're just moving to the downside. And that'd be just kind of taking it, you know, day by day. I mean, the weekly looks like it had some room, to be quite honest. Like, the weekly looks like it wants to move up, like, high, high. I won't even lie to you.
I wouldn't, I'd wait for the daily to presume its path really, or the one hour to confirm this daily path. So like, what would that mean? You know, one hour really showing some bullish price action and displacement to the upside. Once we get into this region right here, you know, all this right here, that's that bullish order block, all of that, that daily order block. Hold on one sec. I think this monitor just got here. FedEx dude's here. One second, guys. Sorry.
Sorry about that. It was the FedEx, not my monitor. It was the TV standout. I forgot I ordered this thing for this TV. Yeah, I would wait for this order block down here. I'll actually set an alarm for this. So, yeah, if we get a nice shift and then hourly, I'll start to frame some equity, to be honest, just because I know how ETC moves. But again, I would actually probably be more in this region right here.
That's a big move a lot of stuff on the way up to This is when we talked about this a while ago It has been quite a while since we at least two weeks or so since we talked about coming out of this breaker We were up in this region, so You could even go with the low-hanging fruit and just do this weekly order. I mean all these zones Are um are gonna be massive Yeah, this is actually what I would focus on that third around 30 bucks
I really like this chart on the high timeframe. So really, again, what I'm looking for, looking for a one hour shift of structure with a lot of displacement in this order block to tell me that these orders are indeed getting mitigated and we're going to make a nice push to the upside. And then I would look to get some equity and probably trade swings too. See you later, Brody. I appreciate you coming through. Link went over this a little bit. I still want to come down to the same balance right here.
Did I set an alarm? I'll set an alarm for this too. It feels nice to actually have some setups forming on crypto. Crypto's been so boring lately. I think these highs are, you know, definitely where we're going to go. Honestly, I don't even know what the fuck this line is for. I think this might be an accidental one or maybe it was supposed to be here. What was the value? It was 10, 239. I think Link has a lot of room though. A lot. Playboy, I know I got you guys in this earlier, so.
I'll probably look for some longs in this zone as well. When we shorting 17.5 silent. I thought it was 200k 17.5 first. Oh, shit. I thought you said 200 by the end of this week. I bought 200k calls on grandma's pension. Silent just licked my grandma's pension, guys. Can't believe that.
Let's go to, I always fucking love when people say, they're like, you're Ethereum or something. Like, my dad, I was talking to him, he's like, was that, you're Ethereum? I'm like, you're Ethereum? I was like, it's fucking Ethereum. What kind of name is you saying? People say the most fucked up shit trying to say. And it's like, I don't feel like it's that hard to say, like, Ethereum. Ethereum, it's not Ethereum. I don't get it. I feel like people almost do it on purpose sometimes.
I think this has some room to come down, to be quite honest. But after that, I would like to see upside. Now, if we start to fall back into this range down in here, and I would probably look at this a power three scenario. Yeah, Mark, you liquidated Mark too, bro. I borrowed money from Mark. That's why he was sponsoring this video. Dude said, equals on Bitcoin or my smoking straight liquidating granny's pension right now. Let's see.
2050 right here. I don't know. Maybe, I don't know if this is on maybe the same, same area, but a different feed. It's not 2050 for me, but it's close enough to where I would say it's probably the same. Yeah, no, I think there's a lot, there's a high possibility. I mean, to me, and the reason that like last night, whenever I told people put stops to break even was because I look at this and I'm like, okay, on FOMC, what's going to take? I mean, I'll tell you right now, one of these is going to get absolutely clocked.
So, you know, I'm not going to give 50 things, but hopefully it's this one, you know. So we trimmed early. Well, really not early, and we had the TPs, so I don't want to make it sound like we FOMO trimmed, but we trimmed our earliest TPs heavily, and that stops break even, and then we just kind of wait now. Fun day today, US and SP500 both. Yeah.
Don't know to be honest like when I look like I see as this 830 probably that's 930. Oh Wow, that actually was quite fucking free money I don't know if I even gave an entry now I didn't and not my not for me at least I Would have been a miss or like a motherfucker. I would have been like just watching all this for for Nasdaq S&P on the other hand Damn, how is S&P dumping like this a Nasdaq wasn't?
What the fuck? Is that even right? Okay, when NASDAQ started dumping at 930... Okay, never mind, never mind. I was reading that wrong. I don't know what I just did, but never mind. Sorry, guys. Yeah, I can't say I would have taken anything, to be honest. Yep, Vance said you didn't trade today. High impact news. Just look in the aftermath. Yes, massive. Be nice if even this would get taken or this high would get taken. I'm not going to force anything today, especially where I didn't trade this morning and I woke up late.
I usually don't trade days. I don't really do that. I don't really sleep in like that. I'll sleep. I'll be like hanging out in bed trading, like being, you know, lazy and shit, but not like, you know, I won't sleep, be asleep still. Overall, though, I mean, I would see pushing at this imbalance. This water bulk, this imbalance, the same thing for, yes, and they're nearly identical. I think it's pretty clear, but I don't know how much of this move will happen today. We'll see.
Women hasn't really shown any true displacement in this zone yet. I mean, it's not a reaction, but it kind of got bought up, moseyed around. So ideally, you'd want to see some displacement in one direction or the other before you'd ever even think about framing a trade. Wish Binance could just add S&P and NOS, right? I don't know how they haven't, honestly. I mean, there's some kind of legality there, probably.
Yeah, I'm fine. I just said, brother, are you okay? I guess because I'm muting. Is it working when I'm muting? I'm trying to mute whenever I have to, like, cough or sneeze. I don't know, man. I think it's the flu. I mean, I've been off and on sick since last week, but it's, like, weird. Like, when I get sick, my girl was making a joke. Like, I'm never really sick. Like, I am, but I, like, forget I'm sick almost. Like, I don't feel that bad. And it's not COVID, though, so we're all good there because of the flu.
They said, Toots became a gamer, ate your fill, and decided to retire. Yep. Fuck it, bro. We're streaming Apex Legends and Call of Duty from now on, guys. Is there tiers to high impact news? Yeah, for sure. Yeah, FOMC and CPI. FOMC, CPI, NFP.
Those are all really high impact news drivers. I mean, so are the rest of them, like PPI, PCE, all that is too. But like what you really want to be watching out for is the CPI and the, I mean, the FOMC is the granddaddy of them, in my opinion. So now you're getting some displacement down from our zone.
God damn, it's blowing me up on my phone. Displacement down. Now if you could hold this, I'll just kind of watch. I'm not going to trade right now. I just don't feel like it. If I change the line, I'll alert the group.
showing us desire to go lower. If we can close here and close another candle without filling this, like immediately. Now, if we just rock it up through it, then I wouldn't really pay it much mind. You might see upside if that happens. And that's really important. Like a lot of people, you know, there's an art to shorting on the break of structure. Like this isn't one like the other day and we shorted, yes, that was one that I shorted because where we are at, the confidence level and the higher timeframes. But like this one is one where like, for instance, like you shorten this break of structure, you never know.
price might come up and just take all this, you know what I mean? And then moved in and it's just going to be all of the place. What you want to wait for is a gap form. So it's a three candle formation. And, you know, if you see a massive wick on the candle that broke structure, you know, that can be a no-no too. That's where it gets a little discretionary and a little, you know, more person per person. Nice. I appreciate you coming through, Jag.
I'm probably going to hop off here too, guys. It shows what time it was. Overall, looking into the afternoon, I would see probably more downside. Who knows if it'll be a massive move because we already had a massive move in the morning. But just be mindful of shorts might get cleared out. As long as you continue to show displacement of the downside on the lower timeframes, like I was giving that explanation of why I think that most of the trailing stops got cleared down here.
and there could be more reason to go down. We are in a premium. Yes, we tapped right off equilibrium, but I'm not convinced that that's going to be the bottom. I may be wrong, but we'll see.
I would wait for some kind of raid after 1.30 if I was going to trade. I'll keep my eye on things, though. But I appreciate you guys coming through. Tomorrow, we're going to cop on at noon. Probably chill for a little longer tomorrow. I won't be doing any trading. We'll just chart. I might stay on until the FOMC, have a super long stream, and just hang out. If you guys want to, if they're in the server, come through and just open mic. You guys can talk. I never care if you guys talk, by the way. It actually makes it better for me.
Because as much as I can talk, you guys know I can talk for an hour straight, but it's dope sometimes to have a little podcast vibe going. But yeah, anyways, I will see you guys tomorrow. Stay safe out there. Don't force anything. Remember this week is...
It's massive because we have FOMC and NFP in the same week. Again, like I said yesterday, a week you can easily get chopped up. But what I'm looking for overall, again, just to recap, downwards movement into FOMC most likely, or at least into this discount pricing. Be safe. I will see you guys tomorrow. Peace.
