I'm about to teach you everything that there is to know about ICT. So if you've been stuck in this rabbit hole bouncing from video to video and overthinking everything, wondering why it seems like everybody besides you is winning trading ICT, then today we solve that forever.
And to be clear, if you feel stuck, you are not alone. Because just a couple of years ago, I was door dashing delivering burgers to fund $100 into my trading account. But fast forward a couple years, and I've made millions of dollars, I've gotten funded with multiple prop firms, I've had multiple six-figure months, and in just the last couple of weeks, I made $46,000 trading ICT concepts. But it didn't start like that, because for years, I was in the exact same place that you're in right now. I was emotional, I was overtrading, confused, and I felt like it was never going to work.
work. So with my younger self in mind, I took everything that I've learned over the last nine years, all the mistakes, all the breakthroughs, the wins and the losses, and I condensed it into what I'm going to share with you today. Now yes, this is a full free course, but I want you to take this seriously like you paid for it because truth be told, I'm going to teach you more than you'll learn in most paid courses. And a lot of people ask me, why do I give all this out for free?
and the goal is simple because i want to make thousands of profitable traders so pay close attention take notes and let's get started all right guys before we get started i want to pull back the curtain on my broker statement for transparency as you can see my name right here
and i made forty six thousand dollars in just the last couple of weeks trading and here are some of the trades i've taken using the exact knowledge that i'm going to teach you guys today here's one where i made seventeen thousand dollars here's another where i made sixty five hundred dollars in one single trade and then here's another one where i made six thousand dollars and today i'm going to teach you everything that i've learned in the last nine years that helped me take those trades and make all the money that i've made from trading
and i'm going to be giving away a thousand dollars to three of you today but you have to pay close attention for instructions on how to enter this giveaway now today we're going to go over everything from how to get started trading ict to core knowledge all the way to building a profitable trading system how to trade prop firms and how to set yourself up for long-term success and as you can see we've got a lot to cover so let's get started now before we fully dive in i want you guys to download the free study guide by clicking the link in the description
I made this video to make as many profitable traders as possible, so please take this serious. So if you want this to actually work, download the guide and follow along. All right, so a lot of you guys already know this, but for those who don't, let's go over what ICT is. So the idea with ICT...
is we're always looking for liquidity because this is where the smart money trades now when i say smart money i mean the large market participants the banks the whales the hedge funds because we all know the markets are manipulated and we all know that most traders lose money because they get manipulated out of their positions you see it with the news telling you that the market's crashing and that's the best time to buy or vice versa whenever the markets are bullish in the news that's the time you want to sell so why is this well
let's just take a look at this price example now what do you see here you see a range and there's probably people who think that we're going to be bearish and there's probably some people who think we're going to be bullish now all the people that want to be bearish they're going to put their stop loss up here at this level so no matter if they got short here or wherever there's going to be a lot of people who say if we go above this range then i'm gonna get out of my trade
And there's also gonna be a lot of people who look to buy above that level because they look at it like a breakout. So what this would be is called buy side liquidity, okay? Now, liquidity is just an area where there's a lot of people willing to exchange the asset, whatever it may be. So if we see the market rush up into one of these levels, then we know there's a lot of buying going on there, whether it's people getting stopped out on their shorts. So that's a buy, like if you're in a cell,
you get stopped out that's the equivalent to a buy because you sold to enter you have to buy to exit or people are looking to get into a long at this level now they're buying and they're buying the breakout now
whenever we go into these areas these are prime zones where smart money is going to interact now this is going to shift you guys to think like a true market maker or like you are the smart money because that's the only way that you're going to survive in these markets now if you look at it like this let's just say you had 10 million dollars you needed to enter a position with now you have to have enough people that are going to be buying like let's say if you wanted to take a 10 million dollar sell well you have to wait until there's enough buyers
to satisfy that order. So where are there gonna be a lot of buyers? At liquidity pools, right? Where a lot of people are getting manipulated in the market. So if you're a whale, you're gonna look to sell at these liquidity zones. And in this example, we can see that that is exactly what happened. So ICT is all about being able to track this market manipulation so you can trade with it rather than getting manipulated and losing money because of it. So the idea is that we follow the path that smart money leaves behind.
through price action with no indicators in order to trade profitably. Now you've seen tons of people trade this and a lot of people are successful and you may have been struggling with this. And the reason is because online, this is the most complicated stuff and a lot of people make it way harder than it has to be. But today we're gonna solve all of that for good because I'm gonna show you the simplest way to trade ICT effectively. Now in this example, let's say smart money sold a lot of positions up here.
well then where are they likely to go take the market next? They're gonna take it to the next area of liquidity. So if you look at this chart, where would you see a lot of stop losses being placed? Well, if you said right here, you're correct because there's a lot of lows. So anywhere there's a lot of lows or a lot of highs, there's gonna be a lot of liquidity and that's gonna act as a magnet for price.
Now, I want to be clear that price won't always reverse from every pool of liquidity. And I'm going to show you guys how to know when the market's reversing or when it's going to continue. Now, in this example, you can pay attention closely to how we react to highs and lows. And this can always tell you where the market's likely to go. Because if we are manipulating highs and if we're displacing through lows, that tells us that the market's likely bearish. Because if we come above a high, you've got to think of every time we come above a high,
that is an opportunity for smart money to sell. And if we come below a low, that's an opportunity for smart money to buy. But in this example, we see that smart money isn't buying, but they are selling. And as long as you see this continue, you would then look for the market to trade to lows. Now, what's happening at these lows is there is a lot of traders who are gonna either have their stop losses or breakout orders to sell. So this is what you would call sell-side liquidity because anyone who is long in this whole range
likely now gonna be stopped out and there's gonna be a lot of traders who look to sell under this area so anywhere you see a lot of liquidity is a honeypot for smart money to take place and we're gonna go over numerous ways to read the market
through the lens of smart money. That way you can stop getting manipulated and start profiting from market manipulation. Now, really quick for those of you guys who are brand new, let's talk about candlesticks and the way that they work. Now, if we have a bullish candle, the lowest part of the body, so the body is the square part, that is where price opened. Now, what this shows us is that price traveled all the way up to the top of this wick, but it didn't close at the very high. It closed right here, so that's the close. And then you have the high and the low.
Now, this example is from a one hour chart, but you can use literally any time frame to visualize price action. And all we're doing is visualizing that time range's price action. What was the highest high? What was the low? Where did it open? Where did it close? Now, this is very important because whenever you're bearish, you're going to expect the open and then the high to be made. Because if the market's being manipulated, what are we going to see? We're going to see the market jab up before moving down.
and then you're going to come up for the close so whenever you're bearish you need to understand that whatever time frame you're looking at is likely going to go up first make the high and then push down to make the low and the close this is going to be important for the time and price module later that i'm going to teach you today now also something that is very important for today's teachings is understanding of a swing high the way that i teach it
now a lot of people have complicated ways of doing this they'll have a bunch of different highs and they'll say that you know this is the the swing high and this is the low i don't look at it like that the best way to do it is every single candle that has a lower high on either side so see right here right here this middle candle has a lower high on either side that makes it a swing high now for swing lows it's vice versa this candle has a higher low on each side so that makes it a swing low
It does not have to make new structure or any of these other complicated ways in order for you to use swing lows and swing highs for the way that I teach price action. Now, I wanna go back to this example and show you something that I like to call trapped traders. Okay, guys, trapped traders is gonna be a very, very important idea in ICT concepts. So if you look right here in this example, we understand that the smart money is selling.
but every time the smart money is selling there has to be buyers so you have to look at it like a lot of people are going long right here now what's gonna happen is whenever the market moves against them they're gonna have their stop losses at different places because there's a lot of traders who trade the breakout of every high some of you guys watching are probably those traders but after today we're gonna fix that for good but these traders are gonna have their stops here they're gonna have them here at this low they're gonna have them at this so they're gonna have them all over the place and you have to understand that when traders are getting stopped out of a long right like if all these traders are in longs
If they're getting stopped out and everybody gets stopped out, that is so much selling pressure, which then causes these aggressive moves like you see here. So understanding where traders are trapped in the market can tell you where the market's likely to go and where it's not likely to return. Because if people were buying above this high, you're very likely to see price not return there. Because if we're smart money, we don't want to see traders get out here for a profit. They are fuel to move price to the downside.
so as we've said liquidity is just the ease at which an asset is bought or sold so if we have a range we know there's going to be a lot of buying at the top of it and there's going to be a lot of selling now whether this is from people getting stopped out on shorts or people trying to buy the breakout or whether it's people getting stopped out on longs or people trying to sell this breakdown now you have to understand that price is always going to be moving from liquidity pool to the next
because price moves to fill orders. It's not because of some random pattern, like a bull flag or anything you've learned. You have to understand that the largest amounts of liquidity build at key levels. And this is how we're gonna find our support and resistance. This is how we're gonna find where we are going to do business in the market. Now, I want you guys to remember this, because this is so powerful. And if you ask yourself what the market's doing at every turn, with this in mind, you're gonna be a much better trader. So in a bullish market, you buy from sellers under lows at sell-side liquidity. So for example,
For example, if you are looking for the market to be bullish, if you come under lows, you're expecting the market to go higher. So you want to be positioned under those lows and be buying from all the people who are selling. Now in a bearish market, you sell to buyers above highs at buy side liquidity. So for example, once the market comes above highs in a bearish market, you want to see it reverse and you want to be selling with
the smart money. This is exactly how the largest market participants operate, so you should too. And if you watch price action and ask yourself, how is price behaving? Are we manipulating highs or are we manipulating lows? You'll be able to have a very clear read on the markets. All right, so now that we've got some of the basics out of the way, let's get into the core concepts of ICT. We're going to start with market structure. Now, market structure is simply highs and lows.
Now, the key is knowing which highs and lows to use and having a practical, repeatable method of finding market structure. Now, the reason market structure is important is because it is the foundation of everything else you do, and it's going to be involved in almost every concept that you learn, yet most people do it completely wrong or have complicated ways of doing it that cause them to be paralyzed when it comes time to trade. Now, you've probably seen diagrams like this.
right? Like, wouldn't it be easy if the market just moved like this? Now, of course, yes, we understand that market structure is higher highs and higher lows, but we all know it's not that easy. Or maybe it is. Now, after years of struggling with market structure and losing trades because I didn't know what I was doing, I realized that the only market structure that was valid was whenever it was accompanied by displacement. Now, if you guys have been watching my channel for any period of time, you've probably heard me say this word.
a million times but displacement is just energetic move so the idea here is that we're trading with smart money so if we're trading with smart money you want to have energetic big pushes so for example does it look like smart money bought right here no it looks like smart money sold in this wick now i want you guys to understand that smart money a lot of times is getting active in the wick of candles because it takes a lot
of selling pressure to create a wick this large so if you see something like this through a point of structure or through a swing point then that is what we call manipulation and the market is likely to reverse but if you see displacement this means that there wasn't any smart money activity selling above this high and if smart money is not selling at this high then the market's likely trading up higher so whenever it comes to structure just pay attention to what is getting displaced and what is getting manipulated now let's look at a price action example if we look right here at the market
comes up above these highs. Now, a lot of people will say, oh, well, it closed the candle body, so it's gonna continue. That just doesn't work. Now, I'm gonna show you guys some very mechanical ways of how to determine when to expect manipulation or displacement, but for now, let's take a look at this example. As we can see, the market comes up above it, but we don't create any kind of fair value gap. Now, a fair value gap is one of the core pillars of ICT. All it is is when you have an expansive candle like this,
that leaves a gap between the candle before its wick and the candle after its wick so we displaced through that low now we expect this market to continue and create bearish market structure and what does it do it creates a low creates a high and then it goes to the next low now when you use displacement and manipulation what you can do is anytime we displace a low you see that price like that displaced it whatever point is made by that price leg
is likely to get traded into later like you see right here and this will likely continue until you manipulate and as you can see right here there's no fair value gap created through this low and we immediately pop back above it now whenever you manipulate what you expect is the swing point that failed to displace through this low which would be whatever swing high was made which is right there we expect that to be traded into now if you look over here this low
failed to displace this high. So it was traded back into. Now, when you combine manipulation and displacement, you have even higher probability that the market's likely to continue. And just by looking at this price action, you can see we displace here. What happens? The market continues through this high. We manipulate these lows. What happens? We displace through this high. Now, if you look right here, we push up and displace through that high. So just that next high is the target. But right there, we fail to make a fair value gap.
So we then retrace down to the low that failed to push through the high. Now, this is just one example, but I want you guys to test on your charts how often this works, because this is something that changed the way that I looked at the markets forever. And it finally gave me clarity to market structure without trying to map out, you know, all of these big ranges and all these different things. Now, coming back to this example, as you can see right here, this is the same thing we're talking about. We fail to displace. We don't create a fair value gap. And then what happens?
we displace through this low creating these fair value gaps and then what happens the market continues down lower we fail to displace through this high and then the market displaces lower and you will see that this is the pattern the market repeats over and over and over again next let's talk about premium and discount now before we get into it i want you to think of trading like a business and candles are your product let's just say you have candles for sale meaning you want to sell you're bearish
do you want to sell your product for a premium or would you want to sell it for a discount the answer is obviously anytime you sell something you want to sell it for a premium price you want to sell for high and if you want to buy then you would want to buy for a discount so let's take a look through this example the market displaced down through this low and it created a fair value gap right here so if we're looking for an area of where the market's likely to go back up into before it moves down lower
you can use premium and discount to tell you where that's likely to happen so if we take this tool right here you're going to go in trading view you go to fib and you mark it out and this is what the settings you want to use you would want to just have nothing marked except one zero and point five okay what this does is it draws a midpoint it draws a line right down the middle of this range and we look at it like anything above
The midpoint is premium and anything below is discount. So if we have displaced through a low, we know the market's likely gonna continue down lower. And when we watch the market, we wanna say, okay, well, if I wanna sell this market, I wanna sell it from a fair value gap in a premium. And then you can see that the market comes up into this area before it continues down.
to the downside now whenever you create a new leg in price you want to check did we displace now in this example you see right here we displaced by creating this fair value gap right here so if you took your fib tool you'd want to draw from the new high all the way down to the bottom of the displacement now you just want to draw from one swing point down to the next if you look right here we then have another fair value gap in premium and as you can see we have another fair value gap up here in premium and we have one right here
So in this example, we look at the market like it's likely to go back up into premium into these fair value gaps. Now I'm going to show you how to execute trades towards these levels, away from these levels, how to know which fair value gap to choose and much more. But for now, I want you to understand the idea of premium and discount.
whenever we're talking about market structure. So when you look for reversals, you're looking for them to likely happen in premium or in discount, depending on if you're bullish or bearish on the previous price like. Now on a higher timeframe, you're usually gonna get a very straight move like we just showed with impulses. But if you go to a lower timeframe, there's gonna be a lot of different structure in between. On the lower timeframe, you can get an earlier read of when this higher timeframe leg is gonna continue. For example, let's go on this chart and take a look at what price look like.
in this price leg so as we can see we came up into this premium and the market is now in that fair value gap so once you see the lower time frame start to shift and they also start to manipulate highs and displace lows that means they're aligned with that higher time frame and this is where you look to trade
and look for all the other ICT patterns. Now, there are numerous ways you can know exactly where the market's likely to reverse, exactly where to trade, where to put your stop loss, and not only that, what time the market's likely to do this. Now, we're gonna tie everything I teach you today into a full strategy of how to put all this together, but for now, I want you guys to focus on these basic concepts. Now, whenever it comes to which timeframes you pair together, it's very important that you follow timeframe alignment.
So if you look over here to the left, I have put together a list of what you would use as the higher timeframe on the left and then the lower timeframe on the right. That example we just used was a 15 minute chart and a one minute chart to confirm that that 15 minute leg was likely to move to the downside. Now, whenever it comes to these timeframe pairings, you're gonna use this for any higher timeframe to lower timeframe strategy that you learned today.
Now, market structure is great and it tells you where price is likely to move. However, it does not tell you why or when. And these two components are very, very important to making sure that you trade consistently because knowing where the market's going to go doesn't pay you. Executing on it is what actually matters. Now, we talked about earlier with liquidity. It's just where people are putting their stop losses. So every time you look at a chart, you need to be thinking about that.
are the obvious areas of stop losses now some examples of this are going to be highs and lows like we talked about but also trend lines chart patterns and psychological levels like round numbers for example bitcoin at a hundred thousand everybody wanted to buy bitcoin above 100k meaning there's a lot of liquidity there so the smart money offloaded their positions and dumped on everybody now when you look at this example you can see that there's trend lines and then also if you have equal highs those are very high
value areas of liquidity because a lot more people are going to be positioned there so anytime there is a smooth edge on the chart meaning you can draw a line from a bunch of highs or a bunch of lows then you know that the market is likely to trade to that level before continuing on the real move so i want you to take a look at this chart and tell me what you see if you've been paying attention this far you'll notice that we have a lot of liquidity built up on both sides of the market
Now, you might think, oh, well, we swept liquidity here and we're likely to reverse and go to these equal highs. But you're wrong. Why is that? Well, if you look right here, did we have any displacement to the upside? Now, the answer is no. The only time we interacted with a high, we failed to displace. So the market's likely to continue down lower. But we do understand that, yes, there is a lot of liquidity up at these areas.
If you were on the lower timeframes and you saw signs of a reversal down here, you could have taken a trade up to this level. Now, this may seem like a lot right now, but as we go through today,
all of this is gonna come together and you're gonna be trading this like a pro. Now, whenever you find areas of liquidity, whether it's the relatively equal highs or trend lines, whatever it may be, you always wanna ask yourself, how is price reacting to these levels? And that's gonna tell you everything you need to know. Now, let's tie in a few of these concepts together so you know which way the market's likely to go when you look at the charts. As we see right here, we manipulated this high and then displaced a low. Now, what we've created is a range here and we have a fair value gap.
Fair value gap is what we're going to call internal range liquidity. So any levels that are going to be inside of a range in price between a swing high and a swing low is going to be internal range liquidity. Now you need to understand that the market is always going to move from internal range liquidity to external range liquidity. Now external range liquidity is just highs and lows. So if we look at this example, what does the market do? Well, the market trades into this internal range liquidity and then continues down lower.
And as you can see, as the market continuously moves down lower, we keep creating more and more fair value gaps, which show us the market's likely to continue in this direction because we're displacing through lows. And then when the market comes into these fair value gaps, we continue lower. Now, I want you to really understand this concept because once you get the overall direction the market's moving, and the way you're going to do that is by just watching how we react to liquidity pools and then watching.
what kind of ranges are formed from that with displacement. So for example, let's just say we traded into a level right here. The market then moves away from it and creates internal range liquidity. It's showing you that it wants to expand. Now, I'm gonna show you guys how to mark what levels we're expanding to later, but as soon as you understand that the market's moving from one level to the next, then you can look for the market to move from internal range liquidity to external range liquidity until you hit that target.
as we can see here the market had hit up into a key level and then we create fair value gaps so the market moves from that internal range liquidity back towards external range liquidity we create more internal range liquidity and when the market trades into it we go where back to whatever external range liquidity was created this is how the market moves over and over again now i don't know how many of you guys traded retail concepts before you found ict but for those of you who didn't there's a very popular pattern called the bull flag
What this is, is whenever you have a large move up and then you have this flag or pennant-like formation. Now, these are very, very, very high amounts of liquidity because a lot of retail traders look at this and say, I'm gonna wait for the breakout and we hit right here, I'm gonna buy. So think about it. Wherever there is a large amount of buyers, we look for what? Well, as smart traders, we're then going to look for manipulation, okay? So for example, let's say if you see right here,
a lot of people are getting into the market because it's a bull flag, right? You might even get some kind of fake out move, but we as smart traders are looking for signs of how you can then capitalize on all that liquidity. So anytime you see the market creating a bull flag, trading into equal highs, trading into highs and failing to displace, and then we displace to the downside, what do you look for? Well, now you have context to say,
the market's likely moving from internal range liquidity, which is this fair value gap, down lower. Now, where are we likely to move? You guessed it, the low of the range, because the market moves from one area of liquidity to the next. Now, I can't drill this into your guys' heads enough. Now, we're just getting started. I've barely even scratched the surface, but I'm telling you guys, if you can simply understand manipulation, displacement, and fair value gaps, and understand where liquidity is resting,
already you're going to be twice as good of a trader as you are right now because you're going to be able to avoid bad trades and you're going to be able to execute with confidence as we can see the market went down lower now again we're just scratching the surface but this stuff is powerful even though it's basic but i want to be clear that liquidity isn't everything okay it will help you be a better trader than you are right now and after you see it you won't be able to unsee it but without a clear way to use it in a consistent system
it can possibly do more harm than good because then you start looking at everything like a reversal and i'm not going to be like most of the ict gurus and tell you that every single liquidity pool is going to give a reversal because we all know that's not the case now liquidity can tell us where the market's likely to eventually move now if we have a lot of equal lows sure at some point the market's likely going to move down into them but how would you have known it's not this move or this move or this move
Now, this is where ICT traders get stuck and 90% of them remain on this hamster wheel, never becoming profitable because they look at every single time we hit a point of liquidity as a reversal. So you have to know exactly where to trade. Now, I like to break down trading into three pillars, okay? Where do you trade? Like what levels do you look at? What do you look for at those levels? And when do you trade? Because if you have those three things down and it's very clear, it's not subjective.
and you have a repeatable clear-cut plan of what to do when you get into the markets, your trading will change overnight because all these things that you think are, oh, I have psychological issues. I need to go read Trading in the Zone or some psychology book. It's bullshit, dude. You don't have psychology issues. You just don't have a clear-cut way of doing things. So whenever it comes time to trade, you freeze, you paralyze, you hesitate, you overtrade, you do all the shit that keeps you unprofitable. So today I'm gonna solve all of that by simplifying all this stuff we're teaching.
into a system that is going to make more profitable traders than any other single youtube video on this planet so this brings us into key levels now this is where we separate precision versus guessing now i want you guys to understand that every high probability trade starts from a key level there are numerous kinds of key levels that we're going to be using and without them you're just guessing now i want to be clear that not all key levels are created equal
OK, some are going to be tools that we use for targets. Some are going to use for entries. Some are going to use for stop losses. And the way that you use them is extremely important if you want to stay consistent. Now, we're going to simplify this. So don't be overwhelmed because most of the time.
you've already learned too much. Like there's already too many key levels that you know of, which causes you to look everywhere for a trade or you hesitate or overthink, but we're going to remove 80% of that fluff and show you exactly what you need to be looking for. So we've already talked about one of the most foundational key levels, which is something that most ICT traders think they understand, but very few actually use correctly. Now we already talked about fair value gaps, just being a gap with this expansive candle, but these can be used from everything from a higher timeframe level to trade from.
to how you confirm a trade entry to where you put your stop loss. However, some fair value gaps have a higher probability of continuing than others. And yes, fair value gaps are central to ICT. This is one of the cornerstones of ICT, but blindly using them or anything is a recipe for you to suck at trading. And a lot of people do this. They think, oh, I learned this pattern. You know, I'm going to trade every single fair value gap there is. And then they wonder why they're not profitable. Okay.
understand that these levels i teach you literally mean nothing i mean these mean nothing if you don't have context so let's break down the different kinds of fair value gaps and how to properly use them to trade profitably now if we look at this example we can obviously see there's a really big fair value gap okay now a lot of people see big fair value gaps and think oh my god it's the best fair value gap ever and this can be true sometimes let me explain this fair value gap is very high probability
Now, I want you to take a look at this and think, why this fair value gap? Now, again, most of you are gonna say because it's large. However, the reason that this fair value gap is high probability is because it is what we call a break in structure gap or a BSG. Now, why are these valuable? Well, if we look, this fair value gap broke through a tremendous amount of structure. We displaced through not just one low, but a lot of lows, okay? So what this tells us is that
This market was just rapidly pushing through all these areas where smart money could have had the opportunity to buy. Remember, we look for smart money to buy under lows. And if you don't see smart money doing that, then guess what? The market's likely bearish because if the market was bullish, smart money would look at opportunities to buy. However, it's not looking at anything. There are no buyers stepping in and aggressive selling is in control. Now, something else that you have to think about is sometimes retail traders.
get lucky and are on the right side of smart money so remember when we talk about lows what is happening at lows most people in ict always just think it's sell side liquidity because people are getting stopped at on longs and while that is the case we also have to remember people are selling the breakout so there's going to be people selling every one of these lows and what that's going to create is a lot of liquidity at their entry point so i'm going to delete this box right here so you can see better
But think of like this, like a lot of people sold on the break of this low, a lot of people sold on the break of this low right here. So there's going to have been a lot of people entered the market. And if the market moves rapidly in their direction, what are they going to do? What do retail traders do too early when the market moves in their direction? Well, traders who are unprofitable oftentimes move their stops up to their entry. Now, what is this just created?
This just created a lot of liquidity at these areas. So if you are looking at the market saying that we have a very high probability of continuing because of a break in structure gap, what these points can tell you is where the market's likely going to reverse from in this fair value gap. Now, these points are called inflection points or IP.
Now, I made up that term. No, ICT has never said it. He'll probably see this video and say that it's wrong. I don't care. I've learned over the years that ICT stuff is good, but as you'll see today, I don't use 80% of the complicated stuff. I just use stuff that makes sense to me and has helped me over the years. So as we can see in this example, the market will then eventually come back up to these inflection points, okay? It's very, very likely the market's gonna come back up to them and you can expect the market to...
give a reaction from them. Now I want you guys to understand that the market, once it hits into a key level, then you look to see what happens next. So you wouldn't have paid attention to any of this stuff down here because it's just noise, okay? Once we hit into key levels, we're expecting the market to move, then guess what? Then the market creates another fair value gap right here. You could have traded this move down and so forth. Now I want you guys to pay attention to something else that you may not have seen on the first go around. Right here,
what happens from this area right here boom we hit into that inflection point and move lower now inflection points are great levels that are used later on once price returns to old fair value gaps however you don't have to have an inflection point to trade every fair value gap they're just useful tools that can give you a more pinpoint level of where inside a fair value gap holds the most liquidity because the whole idea behind fair value gaps is that there was such an aggressive amount of selling here
that we expanded rapidly and there wasn't enough time to offer the other side of the market. So the only thing that was going on here was aggressive selling and the market was rushing to the downside. So when the market moves back up here, especially to inflection points, you can look for signs of a reversal. Now, if you see the market hitting to these levels and you go on the lower timeframes right here, what you're likely going to see is that manipulation and displacement. This pattern.
is gonna be something you see all over the place. But the key here is you have to look at it at the right areas, okay? Not just anywhere. If you just try to do this by itself, it's not gonna work very well. But as you notice right here, we hit into this and then what? We displace through lows. And then you see the market continue down. I'm telling you guys, once you see this, you won't unsee it and your trading changes forever. Now, let's talk about the next kind of fair value gap. If we see in this example right here, we see a large fair value gap that displace through this high.
Now, disclaimer, guys, nothing's 100%. Like I told you, yes, we expect the market to continue through a high if we've displaced. So like right here, we displaced this high. So you'd say, okay, well, this is the target. Now, there's gonna be people in the comments saying, oh my God, it doesn't work every time. Of course, nothing works every time, guys. Disclaimer, sorry, there's no 100% win rate, holy grail strategy. There's your holy grail there. But how do we tell when this is likely to fail? Well, if the fair value gap that broke structure,
gets inverted or really any fair value gap when it gets inverted that tells us that the market is weak because in a bullish market we don't want to see these fair value gaps getting inverted we always look at the market in the sense of really just key levels and confirmation okay guys you'll see this theme repeated through today but at all times you're just different ways of finding these two things no matter if you trade ict or if you trade some other way of trading it's all coming down to where you mark key levels or how you do it
which we talked about earlier which is the where you do business in the market and then what you want to happen now the what the confirmation is how you react to fair value gaps candle bodies and highs and lows and we're going to get into all the different confirmation patterns but this for now is the first one which is an inverted fair value gap so if you're inverting a fair value gap you're going to expect the market to then move to the downside but you only want to pay attention to these for any kind of execution once you've hit a key level
Now, once we've hit this key level right here, which is a time-based level, and we're going to go into how to mark those later, you would be then watching to see if we invert a fair value gap. Because if you've hit a key level and you have a confirmation, like this inverse fair value gap you see right here, cool. Now that is going to be a high probability that the market's likely going to reverse. Because inverted fair value gaps or any confirmation pattern that the market's reversing
need to happen at a key level. This is everything, guys. If you just delete this level and you would have seen this, sure, it might work sometimes, but you're just gambling. You have to understand the context of these patterns or you're no better than someone trading bull flags. Now, let's go into the next kind of key level, which is going to be price delivery. And this is one that gets confused by a lot of people, and I'm going to show you a simple hack that can help you never get this wrong. So price delivery tells us whether the market is targeting highs or lows.
Okay, if you're in bullish price delivery, the market is seeking out highs, meaning it's seeking out liquidity above and vice versa. If you're bearish, it's currently delivering lower. Yeah, very groundbreaking info, right? But this is super powerful because whenever price shifts delivery at a key level, a reversal is likely. Now, price delivery is the foundation for all price levels outside of fair value gaps. Now, I want you to pay attention to how we're reacting to candle bodies. Okay, for price delivery, candle bodies are everything.
Right here, we engulf these up-closed candle bodies, okay? So we have down-closed candles engulfing up-closed candles. We have another up-closed candle print right here. Down-closed candles engulf it. Same thing right here, where an up-closed candle prints, down-closed candle engulfs it. However, you then hit to a key level, and then what happens? These down-closed candles get engulfed by a bullish candle. Now, this right here is enough to enter a trade.
This is one of my most favorite powerful entry models you can use because it gives you better risk to reward than any of the other key levels. Now, when you pair it with an inverted fair value gap like you have right here, it's extremely powerful and it can give you an early entry to catch better traits. Now, an easy way to learn these is if you want to go back to your charts, you can go to the settings up here. You can turn off the Wix and then.
just look at the candle bodies this tells you everything you need to know and the reason this is powerful is because you want to understand what side of the market is getting trapped going back to what we were saying earlier the volume of most candles is in the body so if you look at it like this like if we're going into this this level right here all of the volume of all these sellers is going to be in these bodies so if we see bullish price momentum close above where the bulk of traders are at because we understand the bulk of traders are in the bodies
and we know that we're now closing above them you could say that these traders are underwater and then if the market comes back down into them then we're likely to move away from it because we don't want to let those traders get out for a win so for example whenever you're talking about liquidity you want to see the opposing side of the market off sides or in the red so if people are selling all through this area and you know that the majority of sellers are positioned
at least in these bodies okay yes they're gonna be people up here but most of them are right here if the market goes back above them they're now underwater and if they get the chance to they're likely to get out for break even
This is going to create buying pressure because the people who are in sales are exiting, which is the equivalent of a buy. That's why in a bullish market, you will see the market find support on down closed candles. And you'll see this pattern repeat itself until the market's bearish. Now, you don't want to pay attention to every single one of these. You mainly want to pay attention to the ones that happen at key levels. Again, guys, key levels and confirmations. Okay, this tells you everything you need to know.
and you'll be able to summarize pretty much everything you learn when it comes to analysis into one of these two things. And everything else is noise. And that brings us to one of the most popular ICT concepts, which is an order block. So an order block is created whenever price shifts delivery with force, and it leaves behind a key level. Now, we've already just explained why order blocks work, so I won't spend a ton of time on them, but really you need to understand that in a bearish market,
up close candles are going to be used as resistance and you can look to trade from them now you always want to pay attention to ones that hit into a key level because as with anything again
the stuff you see happen at key levels is what's important you don't want to pay attention to every single order block or every single fair value gap if you want to be profitable now some tricks with order blocks is that they must be followed with displacement the highest probability ones are going to create fair value gaps as price moves away from them now to be clear not all order blocks are created equal and after watching thousands and thousands of candles print i came up with a much better way to pick which order blocks you're going to trade from now i've taught you guys a ton of different key levels
and if you've been trading for any period of time that you understand not all key levels work and i've told you guys that so how do we understand and determine which liquidity actually matters or which levels actually matter and which is just noise now price is going to be subjective meaning that whenever people look at the markets you and i might see them in a different way and there's no factual way to say who is right or wrong however there is one filter that we have access to as traders
that is fully mechanical. And this was the biggest breakthrough in my trading career. And that is time based liquidity. OK, most of you who have been struggling with ICT or those of you who are new and learning this, you're probably wondering, how do we know which highs and lows to pick? How do we know where I should sell, where I should buy? And this was me for so many years. I would understand these concepts and I just couldn't figure out.
which levels and which lows and which highs. And it was so taunting because I knew there was something here, but I didn't understand how to filter out the nonsense and how to be able to take the high probability trades. So you might feel like, oh, well, it's random which highs and lows we move from. But that is not the case. The market is not random. And time plays a bigger role than you realize. Now, this is something that gets put around the ICT community and people try to be.
all mysterious about it and act like it's some enigmatic thing i'm going to simplify for you guys so you can eliminate all the noise but i want you guys to understand first and foremost that every big move in the markets every single one happens around time based liquidity now there are patterns that repeat across the week across the day across the session
And this reveals where the highest amount of liquidity sits, and it helps you have a mechanical way of picking highs and lows and fair value gaps and every other level that you will learn here today. But before we get into time-based liquidity, I want to teach you guys something called SMT divergence. So really simple stuff, guys. Whenever you have markets that are correlated, so for example, if we have NASDAQ, which is what I've been showing you this whole time, NASDAQ is correlated with ES, okay, and YM.
now this is the s p 500 this is the dow jones index so the stock market usually moves together the different indices move together so let's just say we have nasdaq here on the left and es on the right now what you're expecting is these markets if one of them is making higher highs and higher lows you're expecting the other one to do it too however if you see one of them make a lower low while the other is making higher lows that is going to be a divergence meaning there is difference at the lows
Now anything you see where the lows are being messed with, we know is bullish because smart money manipulates lows to buy. So in this example right here, we notice there's a higher low right here on the NASDAQ. However, there's a lower low on ES.
Now, what does this mean? Well, this means that this move lower is likely just a manipulation in order for smart money to get positioned. And if smart money is getting positioned on the lows, that means we're likely to go higher. OK, this is a pattern you'll see repeat itself time and time again. It can be used as a complement to the other concepts we use. For example, if you come into the market and you see something like this happening, then you know the market's likely to be bullish. Now, another example of this is let's just say you're trading a forex currency like the euro dollar.
And it is making a higher high. Well, if you're looking at the dollar on the left, what you would expect is it to make a lower low because they move inversely. However, if there's a break in that correlation, that is SMT divergence in its own. And that signals that a large move is likely to take place. I want to be clear that the key isn't just spotting SMT divergence. It's knowing exactly where and when it matters. And time is going to help you do this with even more precision than price alone.
Now, here's another example at the highs. A lot of times people ask me if I show an example just on the lows, they'll ask for an example on the highs. It's always the same thing. But if you see right here, one chart made a higher high, this was ES. And then on NASDAQ, we made a lower high. This paired with other concepts can be used as a confluence that the market is likely to trade down. Now, there is a lot of people that'll say that one is better to trade. Like some people say the one that made a lower high is weaker. Some people say the one that made a higher high, that's manipulation.
the way i look at it it really doesn't matter um in my opinion i just trade whichever one has the better setup usually for me it's nasdaq all right guys so if you want a cheat sheet for different correlated markets i'm not going to read every single one of them out but you can pause this take a picture of your phone take a screenshot whatever
These are the different markets that should move together. And then here are the markets that are inversely correlated. This is what I was talking about, like with the euro dollar versus DXY, which is the US dollar. If you ever want to look at the US dollar on a chart, you would type in DXY. You could use it versus gold. Another thing you can use is bonds versus equities. But anyways, I'll let you screenshot this and you can use this as a cheat sheet. All right, next, I want to teach you guys one of the cornerstones of ICT and how to trade.
different price legs so this is called a market maker model you've probably seen this before it gets over complicated all the time all this is is a strategy to visualize retracements and expansions on a lower time frame all right guys it's not that complicated people make it out like they have all these big words i didn't draw this like i don't come up with these names distribution redistribution smr like you don't need any of that okay all you need to understand is what side of the curve we're on okay like if we hit a higher time frame key level
On a lower timeframe, you're just looking for a reversal from it. It's one of the most overcomplicated things, but I want to teach it to you, not even because you need to understand market maker models. It's more so to simplify because a lot of the stuff you've learned is just overcomplicated. All it is is once you hit a higher timeframe key level, on the lower timeframe, you're going to have consolidations on the way down to it. There's going to be liquidity at these areas, and there's going to be some original consolidation.
where that higher timeframe originally started reversing from. And really the power in this is it helps you avoid over-trading and hold good trades longer. Because if you're expecting the market to move all the way up here, what it does is it shows that once you hit one key level, okay, you look for this entry pattern. And once you've got your change of the state of delivery, maybe there's an inverse fair value gap, maybe there is a fair value gap and a displacement, whatever it is. All this says is like once you've traded from one key level, you're identifying
you're moving to the next now i'm going to show you how to use time-based levels to be able to filter out a lot of the noise because a lot of people get confused marking the key levels and if you do that you're done from the start but once you have a simple way to do that and you see this confirmation anytime the market moves in your direction people will then fomo and they'll wait they'll get along up here and as soon as we get a down move they get scared when really this is where you should be either adding to your trade
or trailing your stop loss so for example let's say you're going to trade down here if you see this pattern like you're in a long and it moves up you see a consolidation and it jabs under it and then displaces up like what that's telling you is that again like we talked about from the beginning of the video the way we react to lows and highs tells you everything you need to know in this example we manipulated the low and moved higher this shows us that we're bullish now if the market moved down and then pushed this high
that's an area where you can put your stop loss okay because the market is now swept liquidity and it's moving higher and you'll see this pattern repeat again and again now one of the ways that you can look for market maker models is whenever you trade into a fair value gap so in this example we trade into the fair value gap right here
And on the lower timeframe, this WIC was a market maker model. And this is going to be how you execute on these moves from internal range liquidity to external range liquidity. So this is the exact same fair value gap right here. The chart I just showed you is the weekly, and this is what it looked like on the four hour. So I want you guys to use the same alignment that I told you earlier in the video, whenever it comes to IRL on the left, and then looking for the market maker model on the right. So if we look right here,
The market hit into that weekly fair value gap, so this is going to be a four-hour chart. Now, what we're looking for is the market to hit into that fair value gap after we've swept a low, and then we want to get some kind of confirmation. Again, key levels and confirmation, guys. Notice right here, we get that change in the state of delivery. As soon as this happens, remember, we're expecting these downclosed candles to act as support, and you could look to execute trades from this. And as we see, the market trades down into it and then moves higher.
And anytime the market does this from internal range liquidity, we know it's likely to go to that external range liquidity. So again, in this higher timeframe, all it looked like was this. The market traded into that internal range liquidity. You go on a lower timeframe, find the market maker model, and then you know the market's likely to move to external range liquidity.
Now, the reason we were looking for this in the first place is because the market was displacing highs. So we expect the market to move higher. Now, you could take this even a step further because as you notice, there's fair value gaps in this move. And once you identify that you're on the buy side of the curve, meaning you're moving up, and where do you identify that? Well, as soon as you get this change in the state of delivery. So anything to the right of this, you would look at if we're hitting a low or if we're hitting any kind of support level, you could look for the lower time frame for what?
If you guessed another market maker model, you're right. So let's take a look at this wick on the next time frame down. Now, for this example, we started on the weekly and we went to the four hour. So if we start on the four hour, we're then going to go to the 15 minute. So this is that wick that traded into that four hour fair value gap. And what do you see?
you see a displacement you have a change in the state of delivery notice how these down close candles act as support so when everything's aligned you can only look at one side of the market and have confidence now as soon as you got this change in the set of delivery look at that as a line in the sand everything to the right you now can expect those key levels to work and as we see this order block worked this is how you're going to be able to trade with a lot of confidence now in the other example
This was the external range liquidity. So if you take a look right here, we had internal, which was this low. So where's the external? It's right there. And that is what I have marked out right here. So you can just break down price action on lower timeframes and get a different view, but it's really all the same thing. The market's always moving from internal range liquidity to external. But when you have multiple timeframes aligned, that is when you can have confidence that your key levels like order blocks and fair value gaps are likely to work. Now we've went over.
liquidity we've went over market structure and you have a decent idea of how price moves but the most important question is do you know when and this is the most important part of everything that you will learn when it comes to ict and i remember like yesterday literally gives me chills thinking about this all the mistakes i made i mean i learned this for years and i didn't have anybody to help tell me this i had to figure this out on my own
after losing a ton of money. And I almost gave up on ICT. I almost thought this stuff doesn't work. It's bullshit. I thought all those things. But then once I realized that there was such a simple thing hidden under my nose the whole time that fixed all the mistakes that I made, once I figured out this one thing, this is when my trading finally took a turn and I became profitable. And let me tell you guys, when you become a profitable trader, it's not like any other business. Like any other business, it's kind of like you have this gradual come up.
usually trading is like you get lucky you go through a really deep dark time you think about quitting and this is where a lot of you guys are at right now okay this is where a lot of you guys are at and it's okay you're not alone i was in the exact same boat i almost gave it up multiple times i took breaks from trading even but once you finally become profitable
It is the biggest bull market you've ever seen. Because once you have this skill, once you can filter out what is likely to happen and what isn't, and you have confidence, your entire life changes overnight. Now, to be clear, before we break this down, if you can't execute it daily, then it doesn't matter. So in the study guide, if you downloaded it, if you didn't download it, go and download it and shame on you for not taking this seriously. But in the study guide, you will see in the resource library, a trading plan. Because yes, there's a study guide.
There's a resource library. There's a free community. There's all that stuff that's going to help you become profitable. But in the trading plan, it gives you a very systematic process, how to mark out key levels. And we're going to get into how to plan scenarios. Now, a big mistake ICT traders make is they always want to talk about bias. They're always going to talk about daily bias. And we're going to get into why not to use daily bias later. But for now, I want to give you guys some words of reassurance, okay? Because you have to understand, like all this stuff I've taught you today, it's all great.
it can make you money all this yes but if you don't have a system then it's just random you're just gambling okay this is where most traders get stuck forever most traders they learn the concepts and they know all these different things but when they sit down and it's time to make money they hesitate they overthink they freeze or even worse they just start taking random trades so what i want to teach you now guys you know my people might say it's boring but let me be clear when trading becomes boring that is when you know you've made it because if it's exciting
You're gambling. Okay. Now all of us get into trading because we like gambling. Let's be honest. We're all gamblers at heart, but you have to be able to be a controlled gambler and it shouldn't be excited anymore. You shouldn't be all hyped up. Trading should become very, very, very boring. And it is boring. I get more joy out of doing this right here. What I'm doing right now, talking to a camera, talking to you guys, then I do trading ever. It doesn't matter how much money I make or how much money I lose because it's all the same after a while.
but i know that if i can give you guys something that can help you guys get further along than what i had whenever i was in your position that's giving me more excitement and joy than trading ever will be able to again because now after i've systematized it it's it's numb i want to be clear that this is what makes the difference between someone who knows how the market works and someone who actually profits from it
Yes, those are two different things. This is why you see people who are these Twitter analysts who can draw out the chart and call where it's going, but you never see them post a blip of profit. You don't even see.
anything that proves they're actually making money now to be clear there are two things you need to become a profitable trader that is a standard operating procedure that removes emotion and makes trading repeatable because no matter how much you know if you don't have rules that are set out for you when you get to your desk there will be an emotional filter on things you come into the market you see traders trading daily bias and they come into the market ignoring half the information that's there now
you also need a mechanical strategy that gives you clarity on exactly when where and what you need in order to execute and exit trades so the difference between these two because i get a lot of questions about this the sop is everything outside of entry okay like how do you go about your morning routine how do you journal your trades how do you manage risk how do you go at prop from challenges all of these things this is what really matters and nobody talks about online everybody just wants to draw chart patterns because
That's what people like. I mean, I see it in my retention graphs, but I didn't make this whole project as a retention thing. As you can see, I don't even know how long we've been going now, but I made this to make profitable traders. So if this kind of stuff bores you, then we probably won't get along because I'm in the business of being a professional and I want to work with professionals. This is the process that builds consistency before and after you touch the chart. This is pre-trade, post-trade, how you mark your levels, confirmation filters, how you're going to risk.
your stop loss rules, all of this. And this is what really removes emotion and hesitation because you can have your trading strategy. And if you don't have this, then you can still be an emotional wreck with a strategy because all a trading strategy really does is it helps you execute mechanically. It's your entry model. What makes you pull the trigger?
Now, once this is locked in, you're not really just analyzing the markets anymore. Like sure, everything you've learned today comes together and you have an awareness of it, but you're not going to look at every single level on the chart because you're not trying to catch every single move. You're trying to have a system that makes you money in the long term.
you don't want to be guessing around or just like drawing lines on a chart because that gets you what i like to call decision fatigue and this is where most ict traders get stuck forever and you might be here right now chances are you are and i was here for years because you learn all these different concepts and you see that they work and you don't know when to actually use them and when not to so having a system is very important because it tells you exactly what to do so my pre-trade process is pretty simple now this is in the notion you got with the study guide but
basically i like to start 30 minutes before the market opens and mark out key levels understand different conditions like are we going to expand are we likely to consolidate this way i know what i'm going to be risking for the day and we'll get to that in the risk management session but i also like to check for major news or earnings you could go to forexfactory.com and do this now forex factory is a website it looks like this you could turn it on and what you would do is you basically go into the filters
And you would pick any of the markets you're trading. If you're just trading futures, you would just have USD checked. If you're trading Forex, you could pick whichever pairs. Personally, I just turn on the red folder. I don't pay attention to anything else. And a lot of traders will tell you to stay away from this. They'll say, don't ever trade red folder news. It's the stupidest piece of advice. Like, obviously don't trade right before CPI or something. Don't be a freaking idiot. But...
i want to have red folder news on the days that i'm trading because i know that those days are likely to be more expansive if there's no red folder news i'm likely going to go in and risk less because i know these markets are likely to be chopping around and it's not to say anything is absolute like you can have boring days on a red folder news day you can have expansive days when there's no news but it does give you a little bit of a filter so you need to always look at this every day before you trade and if you're trading prop firms you need to know this because some of them you could fail your challenge if you're trading with the news
You also need to make sure you're not in a trade right before the news happens because you can get slipped. Now, when I say getting slipped, I'm going to show you what I mean. Let's just say you entered a trade right here and you put your stops at this high, okay? And let's just say the market gives you a big, nice FU candle.
massively pushes past your stop. Well, if this candle moves too fast through your stop, then you might actually lose more than you plan to lose. This is more likely to happen during red folder news events because what happens is there is less liquidity because smart traders, they're kind of sitting back waiting for it to settle down. And that means that there might not be somebody to fill your order so the market could expand through it and you lose way more than you were planning to lose.
That's why you don't want to be in a trade right before Red Folder News. Now, I want to be clear that not all Red Folder News is created equal. For example, if you have something like consumer sentiment, it's different than if you have the Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell speaking. The big ones you want to watch out for are NFP, CPI, which is inflation, FOMC, which is basically the interest rates coming out, and not just any FOMC. You want to make sure it's not the minutes. The minutes don't really matter as much.
Sometimes they can, but I don't really pay attention to those. It's the interest rates, okay? The federal funding rates. Whenever you get federal funding rates coming out, those are the ones that you want to really pay attention to. So for example, this one right here, you'll have a lot of news events. It's always at 2 p.m. These are like the most important news drivers in the markets because this is...
how everything else in the economy is read by smart money now a couple tips if you see the forecast right like this is what economists are planning is going to happen you're not going to have the actual until after the news comes out but for interest rates if the actual is the same or lower than the forecast that is bullish if it comes out higher then it's extremely bearish now the reason for this is basically this is the fed's way of setting the price of money now i know that may sound crazy
But essentially, this is basically the rates at which the biggest banks can take loans at. And I'm not going to get into that. Somebody will probably correct me in the comments. But if you guys want to learn macroeconomics, go get a buck or something. Now, inflation is another thing that is very, very impactful in the market. So when we have inflation, it's going to be CPI. The one you really pay attention to is this year over year. I mean, they're all important. But for example, notice how right here, the CPI was lower than expected.
what this means if you see red on here this can be confusing because this means bearish for the dollar but if it's bears for the dollar and in stock markets move inverse to the dollar then that means it's bullish for the stock markets now this isn't foolproof it's not 100 but usually inflation going down lower means that the markets are likely to be more bullish now the news is just one way you're going to identify the session narrative i'm going to show you some other ways as well but
It's really important that you go in and have an idea of your surroundings. Now, next, we're going to be building out scenarios. Now, I want you to be very, very, very careful that you never get stuck in a bias. A lot of ICT traders and ICT himself will tell you like daily bias. And it's just this stupid term that makes so many people unprofitable. Basically, it's saying which way is the daily candle going to close? Like if you're trading the one minute, which most of you guys are trading the one or five minute, if you're trading prop firms, you don't need to know that, okay?
You just need to understand how to have a system that gives you key levels and plot reactions from them, okay? So I wanna be very clear, guys. Don't roll out of bed and try to trade right when you wake up or something or rubbing your eyes. You're not being a professional at that point. If your brain isn't ready, your trades won't be either. So I always like to say, if I don't get good sleep, if I don't follow my morning routine, then I don't trade. Now, look, I'm not saying you have to wake up and go run a fucking mile or get in the cold plunge or be David Goggins. I mean, just wake up a little early.
have a little bit of mindfulness practice without your phone. Like, I just like to write down what I'm grateful for, meditate a little bit, get ready for the day. You don't have to, you know, I'm not saying you have to fucking run a marathon or something, okay? But it needs to be intentional. And the reason is because you're basically forming the identity of a professional. You're saying, I'm taking this serious. You're putting yourself in the right state of mind to succeed. Now, I know I've shown you guys a lot of different levels. And in the study guide and the resources, you will see these sets of levels. Now, I want to be clear. This
is all you need to mark okay these are going to be all the levels that you actually pay attention to on the higher time frame and we don't need to buy us other than that we're going to use the different concepts that i've taught you on the lower time frames to confirm if we're moving away from these levels so you need to go through your charts every morning and mark out all of these levels and these are going to be areas we look at the market as our where to trade now i'm going to break this down in a chart in a second but for now
go ahead and make sure if you didn't already, download the study guide or just take a screenshot of this so you have these levels on something where you can save it for later. So for example, it's Saturday when I'm recording this, but let's just say you're coming into the market and you need to mark out all these levels. So what you could do is go to the weekly chart first. And what you're gonna wanna do is mark out the high and mark out the low. Now, me personally, I like having these color coded. If you go on a trading view,
you can set templates so like if you go to this setting after you select a level pick templates now i already have mine set up where it's just a different color for the weekly daily level what you would do is like let's just say if you wanted to have weekly okay you would type it in here after you double click a line or any other box you've drawn on trading view and you would click template and save as now for the weekly and daily levels i just have them as purple that way when i'm on my lower time frames
I know which levels that are gonna be from the higher timeframe. Next, you're gonna go down to your daily chart, and then you can mark out these levels as well, which is gonna be the previous day's high and low. Now, it looks like I'm marking out the current day, but that's just because I'm on replay mode, and you can label these as previous daily high or previous daily low, okay? Now, these are gonna be high amounts of liquidity, okay? This is where we get into the time-based liquidity stuff, so I need you guys to pay close attention.
So you've marked out the previous week's high and low, you've marked out the previous day's high and low. Now the current week, we don't have because the market hasn't opened yet, but every day you'd wanna make sure you're at least aware of where that is. Now the next thing is gonna be the Asia and the London session high and low. Now to do this, you're gonna go to the 15 minute chart and then you're gonna go over to the left and you're gonna drop down this lines menu right here and go to vertical line. Now, before you guys raid the comments and tell me I'm marking this wrong, look.
I mark the levels on what works for me, okay? I don't go by what people usually call the London and Asia session. And if you mark your charts, you will see why, okay? Thousands of people online have gotten profitable trading this strategy. You can check the comments on my videos. You see it all over my social media. You see what I'm doing. I showed you my results at the beginning of the video. This works, okay? So please don't tell me, you know, actually the London low is, no, okay? If you don't wanna trade what I trade, that's fine.
But everybody always puts in the comments that I'm wrong. It's kind of funny. Now, anyways, you're going to put these lines at midnight, 6 a.m., and 6 p.m. the previous night. Now, what you just did was you marked out the Asia.
and the London session. Okay, now these are gonna be very high amounts of liquidity in these zones. So to be clear, let's just say if you were coming in to actually trade a day, which we're gonna walk through the whole strategy later, you would mark out these sessions and then you'd mark out the highs and the lows of these sessions. So these are gonna be areas we look at for high probability trades. We'll get into this later, but for now, I just wanna kind of implant in your head.
which levels you're going to mark next you're going to want to mark out the one hour four hour and daily swing points and fair value gaps okay if you want to keep your charts a little cleaner you don't have to mark out every single one but it's good to be aware you know like where are daily fair value gaps so usually you could probably have done this first so you'd want to mark out and say okay well there's a daily fair value gap above there's a daily swing point down below
And you'd wanna do this for your four hour charts and your one hour charts. And this just gives you levels that you can look at to take trades, which I'm gonna show you here in a little bit on how to execute mechanically. Now, what you're gonna be doing with these levels is just marking them out and then marking out scenarios, okay? And not a bias, okay? Like the biggest thing you can't do is say, okay, well, I'm only bullish or I'm only bearish. Because if you do this, it is the fastest way to blind yourself from what the market is actually doing.
okay the market doesn't owe you or your plan your job is to react not predict a lot of people get this wrong they think the stock market and trading is all about predicting and yes to a point you're going to predict where the market's going to go in your entering but like not on the grand scheme of things you need to have again like i talked about before you have your key levels and if the market's not at your key levels you're not trying to predict all the time which one's going to get hit you want to see one get hit first
tell you if we're moving away from it, and then just look to trade towards the other one, okay? We're gonna go through a way to do this, but cannot stress this enough because once you lock your brain into a bias, your brain just filters for confirmations and you ignore anything that contradicts against that bias. So let me give you an example of what I mean with scenarios, okay, guys? So this was on a day where I made 8,000 bucks and I took a total of six trades. Now, I didn't come into the market with the bias. I came into the market and just looked at different areas and I said, okay,
Well, this new week's opening gap is likely to get tapped, but I wasn't just sticking into it, right? Then I went to the four hour and I marked out those same levels we just talked about, the London high, the four hour fair value gap, the inflection point, and I start to build an idea. I'm not...
completely sold on any side of the market for example like let's just say the market hit into this level right here and i saw no reaction to go to the upside well then i'm going to say cool i guess i was wrong and i'm going to look to trade into the lows you don't want to always just have you know it has to be one side or you can't take any trades or it has to be the other you just want to look at the market in a sense of how do i map out the key levels of where i want to do business and then what do i look at these levels whether it's a continuation
or a reversal so you want to map out these scenarios you can do this in trade zella i'll leave a link down in the description to get a discount to trade zella but i cannot stress enough i need to go through and map out like what are the different things that can happen okay not always mapping out oh well i'm only here i'm only bearish because that just blinds you from what the market's actually doing because when you're trading like if you're trading in new york session
You need to pay attention to what the New York session is telling you. What kind of highs and lows are we hitting? How is the market reacting to them? How does the market react to time-based levels? And then you can trade whether or not it's a continuation or a reversal. But if you get stuck in one side, you only look for continuation.
only look for reversal, and it's never good to not have an objective perspective on the market. You have to remain objective and not get stuck in a bias. Now, of course, you can lean in one direction to adjust risk. Like you might be leaning bullish, and if you see what you wanna see, you're more likely to take higher risk on that trade. And then vice versa, if you don't see what you're expecting, you might still take a trade, but.
you peel back a little bit on risk because it's not what you were expecting. But you should be never scared to flip sides in the market. A lot of people think this is unprofessional or something, but it's just...
It's how the market works. You're not gonna always get this right. I can't tell you how many times that I was completely wrong on the day, but I made a tremendous amount of money simply because I wasn't being stubborn. Now, for your post-trade process, I highly recommend you do use TradeZella. Again, that link is in the description. But regardless if you do or not, I also gave you a free trade journal in the study guide packet. So what I want you guys to do, the big things here are like obviously log the basics, right? Like that's obvious, but you wanna mark the setup. And that way you can take a look like what is the...
probability of an inversion fair value gap entry versus an order block right another thing that is really really important guys is the time because if you look and see okay well what time of day am i most profitable and then you know which time you're not like for example if you can identify that between 9 45 and 10 a.m you take half the losses you take and you just don't trade during that time boom you just became profitable
You see, you don't see all these gurus talk about this stuff online because it may not sound sexy, but those are the real things you need to understand in order to trade like a professional, in order to become profitable. It's not just about picking every market move and calling the tops and bottoms. A lot of it's the boring stuff. Like when you get to a certain point, that's really the big levers you can pull. You can also track your emotional state, all these other obvious things that most people talk about journaling. But if you're not...
filtering your data, then it doesn't matter. Like if you're unprofitable, people journal and they're like, oh, I look at my trading journal, I'm unprofitable. It's like, that doesn't fucking help you. Where are you the most unprofitable? Where are you the most profitable? What times of day? What setups? So you see, this is how you're supposed to journal. And TradeZella, you can do this. It's amazing. It's sick. It does all this for you. But again, you can get the access to my trading journal for free if you don't want to buy anything. All right, guys. So we've talked a lot about key levels and when to trade and where to trade.
and all this stuff but what does it really mean when you get confirmation now a lot of you guys will only think about the market in a sense of reversals ict trains us to look for liquidity and i know that we've talked about the markets being manipulated but a big thing that you guys have to understand is yes sometimes the market's going to reverse but as we know the market's not going to hit into every single level and give you your picture perfect reversal and sometimes you'll get it
And the market might shift to the upside. But then what happens? It fails. And you might lose trades because of this. However, there's also a way you can turn these losses into massive wins. So I want to be very clear. When I say confirmation, it's different than you've heard from your average ICT guru. Because this can be either a reversal or what I like to call a flip. So when we talk about confirmation and we sum up everything you've learned into
those two things i said earlier right everything comes into key levels and confirmation everything fair value gaps market structure all this stuff it's just helping you find these two things this is why most people get stuck with ict because they try to learn bias but once you've traded into one key level and you have a confirmation of what's going to happen it's never 100 but for example right here let's just say you had a fair value gap right here and it got inverted
Any kind of bearish signature in price that's occurring at a key level, that is telling you that key level is strong and that smart money is selling from it. So at that time, you can take a sell once you get that confirmation, put a stop above the recent high and trade to the low. Now, it can get more precise than that, but essentially that's what we're doing. Now, other things you can do is along the way, like we talked about with market maker models, we're going to see the market sweep liquidity along the way.
against our direction. So if we're bearish and we see highs get swept, remember all the way back to the beginning of what I taught you guys today, watch how the market reacts with highs and lows. So we've hit this high. How did the market react to it? Then how did the market react with lows? You see manipulation versus displacement. Now at this time, let's just say you were in a trade from here. You could then move your stop loss up above that high because we've had a stop run. And if there's a stop run and we continue down lower, you shouldn't have to have another stop run.
the same thing goes for right here now you also not only can move your slumps up but when you get another confirmation you can enter another trade because you're basically just trading this range from one key level to the next because again key levels confirmation now in this example we have a reversal but look down here the market started to reverse and you maybe even took a long position right here right i'll show you guys some trades where i had
a long that i took or you know whatever trade i took as a reverse one it was wrong and then this tells me like okay well if the market's hitting a level it's showing me it wants to reverse but then aggressive sellers step in most ict traders just are done trading they say i took a loss my bias told me we're bullish so i can't sell but i look at it like if this level is failing then where are we likely to go most likely there's some other level down below from the level list that i gave you earlier
And if you can identify that you have good enough risk to reward to trade from this level, and you can put your stop right here, because this is the market telling you it's likely going to go lower. Why would you not take that opportunity? Because you can recoup your loss. And a lot of people will be in the comments saying, over trading, over trading. Look, look at my results. Please post yours if you disagree with me, okay? I promise you this works. And this is one of the biggest breakthroughs that I had because I stopped listening to what everybody said and started doing what actually worked for me. And I encourage you guys, look.
my goal is not for you guys to be complete copies of me i want to give you guys what i learned and let you take it and figure out how you can add other things that make more sense to you so i always like to use the quote from bruce lee you take what's useful discard what isn't and add what is your own
And that is what helped me become a profitable trader, not just listening to everything else that was told to me. So you need to understand that the market's not always going to reverse. Sometimes you're going to have reversals. Sometimes you're going to have flips. You can make money off either one. And sometimes you're going to take a loss before you have to take a win. And once you shift to this way of thinking, you're now thinking from a place of abundance. You're not thinking of, oh my God, I have one shot. You don't really care.
you're not afraid to take a trade because you know, if you lose, as long as you're taking a sound trade at a key level, well, that loss is now turning to an opportunity. I'm not going to say it's going to happen every time. And I'm also not going to say you'll never not take two losses, right? That's why we have the risk management we do. And I'm going to show you guys how to pick, you know, how many losses you allow yourself, how to position size, all this stuff. But that's why we have those things. And once you shift from a perspective of being scared to a perspective of understanding that when you're wrong, a good deal of the time, there's a new opportunity.
all of your little psychological issues start to evaporate because you don't really have trading psychology issues you just don't know what the that you're actually doing so you have no confidence okay guys like that that's something else that i had to realize along the way too now let's look at a couple different types of confirmation the most simple one is going to be a market structure shift so when the market goes from making higher highs and higher lows it hits into a key level and it shifts down lower creating a fair value gap pretty simple
We can take a look at this right here. As you can see, we had a low get taken out with force with displacement. We expect the market to move down lower. Now, this example is pretty, pretty simple, okay? There's better ways to confirm trades that can get you in much faster. Because in every single market structure shift, there are four key things that happen before the market structure shift. There's an SFP, there's an inverted fair value gap.
changing the state of delivery. We've already talked about these. An SFP is just a swing failure pattern, which I'll show you in a second. It's very simple. And then a unicorn. Now we'll get to that in one minute. Now all a swing failure pattern is, like in this example, let's just say we already have established we're likely to trade lower. What you look for is how we react to highs and whether or not we close beyond them. Now it's a very aggressive way of trading, but if you see a candle hit a high in a market where you're already moving from one key level to the next, and you see it just not even be able to close,
that's the first sign that we're likely to continue lower then you'll likely have a change in the state of delivery which we see right here the market engulfs this up close candle and you'll also likely see inverted fair value gaps now all these things happen before you get a market structure shift and can allow you to get into trades much sooner because in this example like you wouldn't even have got a trade if you look for a market structure shift because you didn't really displace through the low however you can look at the market in a bearish sense because we already identified
you're moving away from some other key level. So as soon as you get something like this, you can enter a trade or you could wait for the inverted fair value gap. These are all just different ways of determining confirmation or a flip. So some other examples of this, we have this market taking out a low right here. And this blue box I drew is the area where traders are trapped. Now, the reason SFP is usable is because we know that if the market is truly bullish, anytime we come under a low,
that all the people who sold under this low are just acting as liquidity. So you don't really wanna see the market hang out around these areas too long. So if the market comes to an SFP zone, you're likely to move away from it. Now, I wanna be clear, the SFP is the earliest sign. I prefer to use it with other confluences. The best way to use it is just look at your chart and see if you see a lot of them. Like if you see the market just always hitting lows and reacting very aggressively, that signs that you're bullish. Now, also this can be signs you're in a bullish market maker model.
It's just, again, how is the market reacting to highs and lows? If you think about the market like that, everything becomes much simpler. There's all these complex terms. It all comes down to how the market's reacting to highs and lows because that's how the market is telling you what liquidity is being used and which liquidity is being offered. Now, the reason most traders get stuck here is because they think that if a level fails, that they just marked it wrong or that they need to plan better or that their bias was wrong. So what do they do?
They keep drawing more lines. They watch more videos. They tweak their setup until nothing makes sense and they're a nervous wreck. And then you get in this loop where you're stressed, you're reactive, you're overthinking. And most of you guys right now are thinking, oh, that's me. And you know, how do I keep calling these things out? It's because I used to be in the same fucking position, okay? It is the worst cancer that gets spread through the ICT.
community. You're not wrong because a level didn't work. You're wrong because you're not capitalizing off the level not working. And that's because you're attached to being right. I don't care if I'm right. I only care if I make money. So we're going to come back to why this happens, but I want to make sure to show you something that changed my trading for good because data is important. Now I want you to take a look at my metrics that I took from over 400 trades. Now on the days where I tagged that I traded with no daily bias, my win rate.
was significantly higher than when I was aligned with my daily bias. This means if I was bullish on the day and I took longs, my win rate was only about 55%. However, when I wasn't sure what was happening and I came into the market, I had almost a 70% win rate. Now this was from a long time ago and I realized that bias was making me lose so much money. Now I was even profitable this time, but see how looking at data can help you make those minor tweaks that make a world of difference.
And ever since I stopped using bias, I became way more profitable and trading became way less stressful. My profit factor got higher. Now, if you don't know what profit factor is, it's for every $1 you put in, what are you expecting to get out of your trading strategy? And I almost added a full $2 to this. You can see I went from just under $2 to almost $3 simply by removing daily bias.
okay i was actually more profitable trading against my bias which i thought was crazy and i would have never known this had i not reviewed my data another thing too which is interesting is my average realize r multiple meaning like if i risk a thousand dollars on average
I made more multiples of what I risked when I didn't have daily bias. Because when I had daily bias, I was trading my predisposed plan on the market instead of trading what the market was actually doing. So how was it that I made more money on days where I had no bias? How was it that I was profitable when my bias was wrong? This all comes down to a hidden flaw in the way that all traders think about planning. And it's something that most people fall victim to without even realizing. I know that it took me years to realize this. And there's actually a phenomena for this. It's called the IKEA effect.
now this is what most of your trading looks like you build a plan and then you trust the plan because you put effort into it like whenever you take a bunch of time and you make this perfect thing it's like when you make a piece of ikea furniture it's a piece of but you're in love with it because you spent time and effort in it you do the same thing with your trading plan and whenever the plan works it's all happy-go-lucky but whenever the market moves the opposite of your plan you just stick to it you don't listen to the market
you double down on your bias you say i'm disciplined i'm a professional and you hesitate to actually trade against it because you feel like you're over trading because you tried to sign yourself up for one side of the market before you had a chance to see what the market was even going to do so you ignore every sign you're wrong you only want the market to agree with your bias you'll take losses or miss winning trades and you'll tell yourself it's okay because i followed my plan because ict told me a daily bias is good it's so stupid
And so many people stay unprofitable simply because they do this. Now, you get frustrated. You switch strategies like most people because you think, oh, this doesn't work. No, the problem is you. Then you go do what? You go watch a new YouTube video. You try to find some new shiny object and you restart the whole cycle. What I want to show you guys is how you can eliminate.
trying to plan because you don't need to know what's going to happen in the market before it does. You just need to know what levels are you trading from? What do you look for at each level? And how do you manage your trades? And what do you need to enter and exit a trade? Past that, everything is noise. And a lot of people don't even know what a plan is. Like a lot of people think a plan just means predicting the market's direction. When in reality, a plan is just managing risk around multiple scenarios, saying if the market does this, then I'll do this. Not saying the market has to do this for me to trade.
And most people think, oh, well, a good plan is one that's right. That means I did good if I'm right. Look, I'm wrong all the time on what I think is going to happen, but I can still make money. And that's because I have a plan that provides a high probability of success. And most people don't even know what they're looking for. Like they come into the market trying to have successful analysis. I try to make money. Now, I know a lot of you listen to this like, what is this guy saying? I know deep down, you know what I'm saying is true.
you don't have to be right on your analysis every day to make money because a lot of times again when you're wrong the market's telling you you're wrong there's a new opportunity and if you can detach from that fear of being wrong and be objective
a whole new world of opportunity opens up. And you start to realize that success is just about profits, not about being right. You don't have to be right more than you are wrong. That's why we have multiples of risk to reward we take. That's why we have risk management. Now, if this is the case, then why does everybody say you need to have a bias? Well, there's something called the Lindy effect. Now, this means the more time something has been around,
the more probability of its existence, okay? So if something has been repeated time and time and time again, the longer everybody just nods their head and agrees with it, the longer it's likely to stay around. And people are just sheep. This is how humans are. They just believe anything, okay? Go around, like, look at anything. People think that...
all sorts of nonsense people still think that fat's bad for you or that meat's bad for you or all these things it's just been proven to not be true however people will just say it so people believe it now the lindy effect is simply that the longer a piece of advice exists the more people assume that it must be true and people just repeat it without questioning its validity and the intended message is lost because i'm sure at some point
Somebody who came up with this ideology that you need to have a plan, what they meant was you need to have scenarios, a plan of what to do when you're wrong. However, people take it and it's like a game of telephone. If you tell somebody a story and they tell the next person, the next person, the next person, by the time it gets to the 10th person, it's not even the same fucking story. And that's the same thing with plans because everybody thinks that, oh, okay, well, you know, I need to have a plan of everything that's going to happen. If it doesn't happen, I'm not going to trade.
it's the dumbest worst plague i see among new traders and think about it how many traders would agree and say oh yeah having a plan is good okay well if 100 traders start today 90 of them are going to blow their account in the first year now out of the 10 that remain from that original 100 none of them are either going to break even or slowly bleed out over time that means that one of these traders is truly going to make it one trader who is going to be consistently profitable and sustain in the long run so why
would you do what most traders do now i want to be clear guys there is one thing that you can't ignore and that is risk management okay we don't use daily bias but we do use risk management because it doesn't matter how good your strategy is without risk management you will blow up and no risk management is not risking one percent per trade that's something else that gets thrown around but we'll get to that later
I want to be clear, everybody goes through losses. Like I went through a losing streak recently where I took six losses in a row. I was trading live in front of people. There's a lot of pressure on you, but it didn't really matter because I was managing risk. I understood when to peel my foot off the gas. So whenever I went on a losing streak, I really didn't lose that much money. And I was able to make it back in a very short amount of time. Now, most traders fail because they size their position wrong.
And whenever they trade through bad conditions and they're not limiting risk or not avoiding trades, or they just treat every single setup the same odds are you're going to blow up because if you look like the probability of a losing streak. Now, a lot of people will lie to you. Like if you ask somebody like a guru and say, when's your last losing streak? And they say, I don't go on losing streaks. Just send them this screenshot because let's just say you have a 70% win rate, which is really high. Like I don't have a 70% win rate.
um over time it's usually between like 55 and 65 so let's just say even if you have a 70 win rate the odds that you go on at least a three losing streak is a 93 chance and as you can see like most people fall in this 60 or lower region of win rate and you can be extremely profitable with that and if you look like how many times do you see in this chart that somebody has a hundred percent chance of going on a losing streak it's okay it's normal it's just about how you protect yourself and
when to press the gas and when to pull back and if you don't have a system for how to manage risk nothing else that you do matters no amount of net analysis nothing matters if you can't manage risk okay so i'm going to walk you through the components of proper risk management which is dynamic position sizing daily loss limits
and trailing stops but i'm also going to show you how to take it further using something that you have never seen before that absolutely no one in the public has access to now when it comes to risk management there are two pillars number one is position sizing and the other is your rules or how much you'll allow yourself to lose like position sizing is how much you can lose on one trade rules are more like how much will you allow yourself to lose in one day so there are two different things and if you get one of them wrong
entire system breaks so i want to show you how this works step by step and how to build a plan that's customized for you and how to make it work for you instead of against you because most people's risk management works against them so we're going to go through three different ways of doing this now the first is beginner level now whenever you're new the priority isn't really about making money it's just about surviving okay like you're just still trying to build your edge not leverage your edge so sure size very small and you can risk the same amount
per trade. It's totally fine to do that. If you're just risking like, like, let's say if you're not profitable yet, go buy a very cheap prop firm account, something that's like super cheap, barely risk anything like trade one micro contract on it and just do the same thing every time because your goal isn't even making money. Your goal is just to like limit loss. Okay. So that's fine to do that when you're a total beginner, because it's about surviving, staying consistent and figuring out
where your weaknesses are in the market. However, once you're at an intermediate level and now you're able to adjust size based on probability, then you can actually start to say, okay, well,
I have a lot of data showing this is a high probability setup. And I'll show you guys how to determine between these. But let's just say you have a setup that is higher probability than the other. Like for me, for example, let's say I come into the market and I am looking to lean bullish and there's high red folder news. So then I know there's a high probability that we're going to be very volatile. If I see a move into a low, because if I'm bullish.
i want to see a move into a low and then i see multiple confirmations i'm going to go heavier in that trade then let's just say if there was no red folder news and i got just one confirmation and there wasn't a big move you know i'm not going to treat those two trades the same now every trade still follows structure but your sizing reflects your conviction in the trade this is where you get into the phase of trading where you're an intermediate and you're still learning to trust your edge without overstepping it now
once you guys get to an expert level and i have no doubt that each and every one of you who doesn't give up and who goes through and does the boring work and takes data on your trades you'll get to this point at this time you're going to understand a little bit about how to size your positions with not only data but intuition and some people don't want to admit this like look any trader you look up to including me there are times when you know when to put your foot on the gas a little harder than others okay i'm not here to hold you guys and tell you guys like scouts on or we're all just
risking one percent no like people risk heavier at times okay depends on the market conditions it depends on what setup it is depends on how many confluences you have this is where you're going to press the gas a little bit harder and then also you're going to know when to really limit risk like there's a lot of times where i'll just throw one contract on something as a feeler position because i look at it and say okay like let's just say if you're in a trade and there's a really tight stop loss but you have a very far target right
I might just throw one contract on because I'm not gonna lose much if it does hit the stop, but if it works out, I can get a very big win, but I don't need a lot of size to capitalize on a move like this. And I'll show you guys some examples of this here in a second. Now, risk management is a problem for so many traders that I literally built a tool to solve this, which is Enigma Software. Now, to be clear,
This is not something I sell. It is not a public subscription model. This is literally for my private team of traders. But what it does is it runs your trade data and tells you exactly how to structure your sizing for the best odds of long-term consistency. This removes the emotion and the guesswork.
is just backed by math now again i do not open this up to the public i'm not trying to turn this into some subscription product so please do not ask now look guys it doesn't matter if you have risk management if you know all the concepts you've learned today it none nothing matters literally nothing i've taught you matters if you don't have a way to bring it all together so what i want to show you is what i like to call the all-in-one strategy now this ties everything from your prep to your execution to your trade management to how you mark key levels
to every last thing you're doing. It's going to tie in everything together. Now, I don't want you guys to sit around and guess which concepts are better or which fair value gaps to use or which ones not to use because you need to have a system that makes the decisions for you. This is the same exact strategy that I used to make the $46,000 that I made over the last couple of weeks to make millions of dollars in my trading career. And this is exactly how I trade today. I'm going to give you everything.
right here, right now. It is a simple mechanical strategy that is built to remove stress, and stress is what makes you stupid and what causes you to make all the mistakes that keep you unprofitable. You are about to learn the model that has helped hundreds of unprofitable traders turn into consistently successful traders. All right, guys, so step one of the strategy is gonna be how we mark our key levels. Now, like I've told you guys before,
everything comes down to key levels in confirmations and you have to have a mechanical way of doing both things otherwise you just start picking random levels so on this day what you're going to do is you're going to mark out the previous day's high and the previous day's low now i did this on the daily chart by just marking the high and low of the previous daily candle next you're going to go to the 15 minute time frame now once you're on the 15 minute time frame you're going to go over here to the left you're going to click this drop down and get the vertical line tool
you're then going to mark out midnight you're going to mark out 6 a.m and these are all new york or eastern standard time okay very important that these are new york time and you're going to mark out 6 p.m the previous day so what you've just marked again like i told you guys earlier is the asia and the london session so what you'd want to do is you'd mark out the highs and the lows of this and if you notice the asia high had already been traded into in this example
and so had the low it was right here on this candle and then you would want to mark out the london low and if you notice it hasn't been traded into now the london high had been traded into so the key here is you want to just pay attention to the levels that haven't been traded into and you want to wait until 9 a.m to mark out these levels now we're not going to be trading until 9 30 a.m so what i want to do is fast forward to this next candle now a lot of you guys right here
You're sitting there thinking, oh my God, I got a trade. I missed the trade. And you feel like you've missed the daily move because the market's already traded into one of your levels, which is the previous daily high. But now let's get into step two. Now, step two is confirmation. Now, I want to be very clear that you don't always have to catch the top and the bottom and that there are numerous trades you can take on any given day. And this strategy happens every single...
day so there is an abundance of trades you don't have to worry about missing trades or feel like you have to catch the perfect move now let me break this down step by step now as we've talked about before there are two types of confirmation and if we're using the 15 minute to mark these levels which are these time-based levels you're going to go down to the one minute chart now
Look what we have here. Now we've talked about all of this. We have a fair value gap that got inverted because remember, as the market's trading up to these levels, we look at these levels as high probability reversal zones. So we're going to look for two things to confirm whether or not the level is going to reverse or if it's going to flip. This level has shown us that it's likely to reverse because we got an inverse fair value gap and we got a change in the state of delivery. However, our rules don't let us trade at this time. So you wouldn't take this trade. And there's going to be a lot of times
You sit out, but trust me, it makes your win rate much higher to wait for the New York session to open. Now, this is on NASDAQ, but this works in any market. So as you can see right here, it is 929, which means we'd be waiting one more one-minute candle. Now, you might be getting FOMO here, and this is where whenever I used to trade, I would have been in shambles. I would have felt like, oh my God, I'm missing out.
I would just start FOMOing into trades, not having anywhere to put my stop. And this is why most people stay unprofitable because they have all these concepts. They say, oh, well, I have the market telling me it's going from one direction to the other. And the truth is, yes, at this time, you've identified that this level, which is that previous daily high, is likely to hold, meaning we're going to go to the next level, which is that London low, the low of the London session, okay? So right here, we know that this is the move that's at hand.
but like i've told you guys what do you want to see inside this move in order to get a trade what you need to see is a run on liquidity you do not enter a trade unless there's a run on liquidity so what you're waiting to see happen is a short-term point of structure get ran against you bonus if it occurs into a fair value gap
Because we see the markets displacing. You see how everything's tying together. The markets hit one of your key levels. It's shown you that it's moving down to the downside. We're displacing through lows. And now what we're going to look for is this simple pattern. You're going to look for a sweep of any structure against you. And then we want to see confirmation that this is going to go further. So what kind of confirmation do we look for?
The same thing we used up here, either an inverted fair value gap or a change in the state of delivery. So if we see what happens right after this, boom, you get a change in the state of delivery. Now again, what is a change in the state of delivery? Well, we went from engulfing this down close candle with an up close candle to an immediate down close candle engulfing this candle. So this down close candle engulfing the bullish candle shows us that all the buyers here are now trapped. And this was a sharp move that was just to manipulate traders.
So what is happening above highs? Again, this ties back to everything I've been teaching this entire video. Cannot stress enough how everything comes together. We've got a fair value gap. We've got the market coming above a high. And as I said before, the way the market reacts to highs and lows tells you everything you need to know. We're reacting to a high in a way that shows us that large market participants are using this as liquidity. So once you see this in context, that we're moving away from that previous daily high and into that London low,
anytime you see this pattern you can take a trade now just because this level got hit pre-market that doesn't necessarily matter because we've identified the market's moving from this level to the next so at this time anytime you get this kind of entry confirmation and i'm going to show you guys numerous examples so don't worry you can enter the trade if you wanted to have an aggressive stop loss you could put it right there or you could put it at the candle bodies or you could put it at the high
I almost always use the candle bodies because it gives you a little bit better risk to reward if you're scalping. Now, if I take the first trade, like the first reversal, I'll put the stop at the high and I'll show you an example of that here in a little bit. But right here in this example,
I would have just put my stops at the candle bodies. And to be clear, guys, you might be thinking, oh, well, how do you determine? It's not like the end of the world, okay? It doesn't make that much of a difference. For me, it's just if I'm taking the trades that are in between the levels, I'm usually more aggressive with my risk management because I look at these trades like I don't want them to really move against me. That move's already happening. It shouldn't come back up and even get close to this body or it's likely to go to the wick. Then if I'm in this trade,
I understand that I have a lot of room to run, so I might be a little bit more liberal with my stop loss placement. So at this time, what you would do is then execute the trade. You'd put your stop up there and you could put your target down at this low. And you might be thinking that this is a low risk to reward. I take trades that are all the way down to 1.5 because this strategy has such a high win rate. Now, there are more opportunities to be had on this day. So let me break this down. We're targeting the London low. So let's see what happens.
well the market trades into the london low now let's see what happens next because as we've traded into this london low then what well you see a change in the state of delivery so as soon as you get that change in the state of delivery that's telling you the london low is likely going to reverse it's this right here is showing you a bullish reaction to this london low now to be clear you wouldn't look at every single change in the state of delivery you're just looking at the ones in context so right here we've hit the level
then now that this up close candle is engulfing this down close candle at this time you're good to go and you can just go ahead and take along now you would have taken it on the close of this candle you could put your stop since this is from a key level you could put your stop at the nearest swing low because again like i said before when you're trading the actual reversal the reaction to a level you can be a little bit more liberal with your stop now where would you look to take this trade
Well, in this example, you would just look to take it up to the high of the session because we've already taken out this time-based level, and this is the closest level to you. Now, I want you guys to pay very close attention because this is where most traders unravel. So let's just say you entered the market right here, you put your target up here, and you put your stop loss down here under that low. Well, what do we see happen? Oh, wow, this is amazing. We're getting up moves. Yeah, everything is good.
And this is where most of you guys get really excited and you're like, oh, wow. Uh-oh. Now what? Well, now most of you guys are taking a loss and you think, oh, my God, the world's ending. However, you could have saved yourself from this loss. Now, the way that you would have saved yourself from this loss is the same way you entered the trade. Because if we're seeing, like, for example, if we see the market change in the state of delivery right here and that makes us take a long, but you immediately see the market give you a bearish change in the state of delivery right there.
you can cut that trade at your entry now this is the flip logic because again i look at the market like if we came to this london low right this this level is a london low if you came to this level and the market gave you everything you'd want to see to see a bullish reaction and it gave you a little bit of momentum and then what happens sellers aggressively step in now this is where most people unravel they say oh my god i can't believe it the strategy doesn't work but this is where i just pivot and say okay
this is the market's way of telling me there's a new opportunity because if this level is going to fail if that level is not going to hold guess what guess where we're going the next level which in this example is the previous daily low so instead of sitting there crying about how i took a loss i'm going to actually look to take another trade because i don't care about bias i don't care about being right or wrong i'm not really expecting if this market
is gonna flip this level or if it's gonna reverse from it, I'm just going by what the candles tell me. So the candles told me it was gonna go long, then it flips. So let's just say even if you did take the loss right here and you hesitated, at this time, you could then take a short. Now remember, we've already won one trade, so you're still up a little bit on this day. And this is all just trading one NASDAQ contract. So let's just say you're gonna put your stops up at this high because again, this is a trade at the level.
And then you target down at this level down here. Now, that's a good risk to reward. But a lot of traders, they're in shambles because they took a loss. So they hesitate and they don't execute here because maybe they said it was against their plan or they felt like they're over trading. But truth be told, guys, you got to understand that the market is just going to give you information. If a level fails, that is the market's way of telling you this isn't it. This isn't where we're going to reverse. We're going to go to the next level. So at that time, you would be able to execute the trade.
and target the next time-based level so let's see how this trade played out now the market moves down to the downside and you'll see a couple different times where the market will give you the same pattern that we talked about for trailing your stops so i want you to take a look at this and see if you can find it without me telling you yes if you guess right here then you are correct now if you didn't see it you have to understand remember the whole thing about this strategy once we've hit a level and you're like let's say if you're bearish
you want to see highs get ran and then that move continued anytime that swing highs get ran in a bearish momentum you're asking yourself how are we reacting to highs and lows if you're manipulating highs that's a stop run so right here look what happened we manipulated a high so if that happens you can then bring your stops up and this allows you to be much more aggressive with your risk management than just leaving your stops the way up here and the way you protect your bankroll is
everything in this business guys and once you realize that you can move your stops up quicker than you may have thought a lot of the edge comes off from losing just like whenever you realize that whenever you lose a trade oftentimes there's another opportunity then you don't really care so much about losing now of course you need to make sure that you have a loss limit for the day so personally i don't like taking more than two losses in a single day but if i just take one loss
almost always i'll be able to find another trade where i can not only make back that loss but make back even more like this example right here now this was a day that i actually traded i'm picking this example showing you guys something that i actually traded now if you look right here 3 410 off just one nasdaq contract just one
This isn't over-risking. This isn't going into some crazy position sizing. It's not using a bunch of daily bias. It's a simple repeatable strategy where you mark out levels, evaluate responses to the levels and execute. Now let's take a look at another example. Now this was just last week. You can see April 10, 2025, and I made 6,000 bucks on this trade. Now I was trading micros because the market was crazy. I mean, this is like the Trump tariff era.
where there's like 100.5 minute candles. So I was trading micros. I just traded five, which is like half of a mini. Now I'm trading my personal account. I'm not trading a prop firm. It's the broker statement I showed you guys earlier. But let's break down this trade and how I made 6,000 bucks trading this exact strategy. All right, so this is the 15 minute chart, 9 a.m. on that day.
So in this example, the previous daily high and previous daily low were nowhere around, but you still would wanna mark those levels. So I'm gonna mark out the Asia high, which was right there. So this was the Asia high. We can go ahead and put our template on so that reads that that's the Asia high. Then right here, we have the London low. Now the Asia low had already been taken out here. The London high was also preserved right there. So we can go ahead and mark these out. That way you know exactly what levels to trade. Now, I was looking at this example and I said, okay,
I want to see, and this is how you'd map a scenario out. So I'm going to say, okay, look, I'm not really stuck on a bias. If the market moves all the way up here and then it reverses, I'll trade down to the London low. If the market moves all the way up here and then it gives me a flip pattern, cool, I'll trade to the Asia high. If the market trades here and reverses, I'll trade up higher. Or if the market trades right here and gives me a flip, I'll trade lower. Notice how many different opportunities I'm willing to take. I'm not stuck in one idea.
or picky or saying the market has to play out in some way that i've just predicted that every market you'll see these guys they'll draw lines on the chart of what's going to happen for the day it's like that's cute i don't really give a what happens i just care about what is a repeatable process that i can actually follow where i'm not overthinking everything i do because whenever i was trading whenever i was in the same position you guys are in right now
All I would do is overthink everything. I'd mark out a hundred different levels and watch videos and wonder why one fair value gap worked and why the other one did and all this stuff. And it's just not a practical way of doing things. So once you understand how to mark out levels, only then will you have a consistent way of trading because confirmations are nothing without key levels and key levels are nothing without confirmations. So let's go ahead and break this down.
how I took this trade. So as you can see right here, this is 914. So moving into the market, we see a little bit of movement around and then what happens? Then we trade down into this London low. So I also took a loss on this day. I wanna break down how I took a loss and turn this into a winning day. So what do you see right here? Well, we traded down into that level and then we took a inverted fair value gap right there. So at this time I said, okay, cool.
i'm gonna take a long right here and then i put my stops down here now what i wanted to target was all the way up here at this london high so i said okay cool this looks like a great trade we'll take a buy we'll put my stop loss down here and i target up here so i was watching the market got a little bit of price action just sitting around waiting seeing what we're gonna get now the market started to move up a little bit right here and i thought okay wow
this is great now to be clear i was up about half this because remember i took micros micros five micros is half of one mini yeah i think like micros is one tenth of the mini so so basically i was in half the position size you see here i just want to be transparent um and as soon as i saw this right here most of you guys are just trembling and i know that myself when i used to try to be like oh my god what's going on i thought this was gonna work you know you're panicking but i look at this like okay cool like great
i actually now have a really good trade because now the market came into this london low it did it gave every chance right like buyers stepped in we started to invert fair value gaps i mean everything you'd want to see to be bullish and then it just said nope one candle erased most of it so we got not only did we get a change in the state of delivery right here we also had ran a high so at this point i just exited the trade i said cool i'm gonna take a loss and immediately immediately at that time the market is giving you feedback saying
you are wrong the market's likely to trade down lower now we'll go into where i took my profit in a second because you'll notice there's no other key levels based on time but this goes back into the list of levels that i gave you earlier so i took that loss which was very minor and notice how much i was able to shave off i barely took a fraction of the loss that i could have taken if i would have just held my trade and that's why it's important to have a mechanical way of knowing when you're wrong so at this time i entered another trade
put my stop loss up at this level right here. And then I put my take profit way down here. Now I wanna go to the higher timeframes and show you guys what happens. I'm gonna remove that because it'll just automatically hit. If I do replay, it'll like print the big timeframe candles. So if I go to the four hour right here, what do you see in this big fair value gap? We talked to this very early on in the video. Now I want you to really think about this. What do you see inside this fair value gap that could be a level that we would trade into if we don't have anything else? Now.
If you didn't guess, it's this inflection point. So I wanna show you guys a way you can manage your trade in terms of letting it run and getting higher risk reward once you have extended targets like this. Because on these days, it was very volatile. I was thinking, okay, we could get a big move. I'm just gonna open my trade and I'm gonna watch it. And I'm not gonna mechanically take profit, but we'll watch at this level right here to see how we react to it. So just like we watched the London low or any other level to get a reaction.
I'm just going to mark that as a possible area that I could take profit is down here at this area right here. Just like we're watching this London low, right? Like the market's telling us right here it was bullish, failed. So I say, okay, market had every chance to be bullish. It failed. I'm going to take a sell. So I let this market run a little bit and we started to get some really big momentum. I was, I was loving it. You know, at this time, these are those trades. You're really happy, but you got to watch them because they will turn back on you a little bit and you have to have a mechanical way.
making sure you trail up stops at the right time now notice right here and we came above this high we kind of pushed through it so there's no reason to trail up stops at this high right here but if you notice right here we came up there hit that now here is where you trail up stop so at that time I move my stops up I've removed a lot of risk at this point now I'm just gonna let this thing run
And boy, did this trade run. This was an amazing trade. As you saw, $6,000 off trading micros. Now, for those of you who are new or may not appreciate that, but that's a lot of money to make off micros. So I want to be clear of how I took profits on this trade. Now, whenever we talk about letting a trade run and getting higher risk reward and trading with a little bit of discretion.
one strategy that i like to use that i came up with after getting sick of having trades return to my you know my entry or not being able to take profit at the right time a big thing that i used to have that was a problem was i would take profits at a level and the market would just run way past it and i know that some of you guys go through that
So this is gonna change that forever and solve that issue once and for all. And this simple change is probably gonna make a lot of you guys profitable. And it's these light little things where you increase your average risk to reward or increase your average win size that will be the light bulb in your career. It's not like some holy grail strategy that is $100. It's usually something pretty boring that's been hidden under your nose the entire time. Now, this is called price weighting, okay? Price weighting is once you hit into a key level where you would usually take profit.
you're just gonna trail up your stop to highs along the way. So in this example, like once we hit into this level, I wanna see what happens. Do we form another swing high and push past it? So I had trailed my stop up to this high right here and I said, okay, let's just see if this market can run a little bit. Because once the market really starts running past the level, a lot of times you can get a lot more out of the trade than just taking profit at a level. Like for example, if the market's expanding,
Don't just take profits at whatever level you think. See if that level gets ran through because there's a decent chance that it will. And then once the market creates this structure on your entry time frame, which for me is the one minute, you want to then keep trailing your stop up, right? And you'll be able to get a lot better risk reward. And you'll notice how it's crazy how well this works. I mean, you'll go and back test this. It's like your stop will act as a fucking shield. It's insane how well this works. And it's so simple.
it's so so so simple now one thing i like to do too is like literally every time that you form a swing low you want to move your stops up again i mean not a swing low a swing high in this example if you were in a long it'd be a swing low but see how much more we've gotten now this trade it was a decent trade already it was like already 5r but by doing this i made that trade an 8r trade and if you guys were even able to do this to like half your wins like for example imagine if like half the wins that you took
half the wins you are able to do this you would be profitable because half of your wins would be so much larger and that would outweigh the losses you have now look right here you can see for me it was six thousand bucks because i traded micros and i think i got a little bit worse of an entry but it was close enough as you can see and
This strategy is literally what changed everything for me because once you are objective to things, once you're not so fearful to take a loss and instead you look at a loss as a new opportunity, not only do you have a winning mindset in trading, now you're just thinking like a winner in general. And trust me, if you want to win at a business where 90% of people fail, you have to be a fucking beast. You have to think like a winner in general. You have to get this fear mindset where you're afraid of everything. You're afraid of losing. You want everything to be perfect and you'll never be successful as long as you trade like that.
Now, price rating was also a really big thing for me that helped me make way more money because I sat there and looked at my data and realized, damn, like almost all the trades I win go further than my target. Now, of course, you don't want to just let your trades run forever and risk them turning back. So let your stop loss be your take profit. Trail up that stop loss and let the market run. Give it a little bit of room. Don't be afraid. And sometimes it'll turn back on you. That's okay.
But the times that it doesn't is going to outweigh those times heavily. Trust me, guys. And go and test this on your own trading. Go back and look at some of your trades. And if you don't have a journal, use a journal from the study guide.
And after a couple of trades, look at your winners and see just how much further they ran without you. Now with your study guide, or if you signed up for the study guide before the course, I'm gonna send you a full diagram. You're gonna get this whole board that goes over everything and breaks down literally every last step of this strategy. Now the results this strategy have given me is insane. And the results that it's given other traders is crazy too. I wanna be clear that they're not typical and past performance is not an indicator of future results. Trading involves substantial risk and nothing shown here.
guarantees that you're going to be profitable okay this is a disclaimer i have to tell you guys that but now i want to show you what's possible using this strategy this is one trader who is just like you take a look at jayden in april of last year literally almost exactly a year ago he didn't even realize how the prop firm process works he was like oh i'm up 3k how do i make how do i pass a challenge he was unaware of the prop firm process and he was at a loss of
$80,000 before he started using this strategy. Now fast forward just to December of last year, he had made $270,000 in profit. Now he did this trading the exact strategy you're looking at. If you want to talk to Jaden, go follow him on Instagram. You've seen me in my vlogs. I literally flew him out to Miami to celebrate. We had cigars. It was sick. Now I'm not saying that this is going to happen overnight, but I'm showing you guys what is possible. If you really take this serious, you don't have to go out and trade some complicated strategy.
Now, I made this video with one goal, to create thousands of profitable traders. Now, if you're serious about making that happen this year, I opened up limited slots for my direct mentorship. I wanna be clear, this is intensive. It's not for everyone. I trade live with you. Every trade you take gets reviewed. Again, it's not for everyone. It's only for people who are serious. Now, if you wanna apply, then go ahead and use the link in the description to apply for my mentorship. All right, guys, now I wanna tie this in with the most important part.
of this entire thing that I'm teaching you guys today, which is the mental game of trading. Because everybody knows that if you can't get over psychology, literally nothing I just taught you mattered. So I'm gonna show you exactly how after years and years of suffering and pain that I overcame the mental game of trading. Now this shit gets me emotional. So I want you guys to stick with me for just a second. So I know a lot of you guys are watching this and you have this massive dopamine spike. You've learned this new strategy and you think, oh, I'm gonna be profitable. Well, the answer is most of you are wrong.
And you might be thinking, well, what? You just taught me this strategy. I have the best strategy. Look, guys, that's not it. The reason that you haven't been profitable up to this point isn't just because your strategy. It is because of you. It's because of that voice in your head that tells you to close your trades early. It tells you to overtrade. It tells you to break your rules. It tells you to do all the dumb shit that keeps you unprofitable. And if you don't change that, if you don't fix that, then trust me, guys, it doesn't matter. Like, it doesn't matter what you learn. You'll never be successful in trading or in anything.
I want to talk to you guys about something that I don't even really like talking about, but I know that there are younger versions of myself. There are other people who are rock bottom. There are a lot of people that could benefit from this. So look, guys, like many of you know this already. I have a video on my channel, but when I came into trading, I didn't come into trading with a clean slate. I had a background. I got in trouble for selling weed. I was facing prison. Like trading was my only option, guys. I was so down and depressed. I literally had nothing. I had lost everything.
i was a just i was a different person and yes now it's all great i've turned my life around i live an amazing life but i would be at a disservice to sit here and just sell you this lifestyle like this has always been this way because it hasn't
my life sucked when i was learning how to trade i had nobody i didn't think it was gonna work i honestly wondered if i was just gambling my money away and for a long time i was for many years but it doesn't have to be that way so guys i want you to pay close attention to what the i'm about to tell you and take this from somebody who was literally delivering hamburgers door dashing to fund a hundred dollar trading account
to getting where I'm at today, making millions of dollars, retiring my parents, taking care of my family and friends, doing whatever I want to do. I didn't get here just from some fucking chart strategy, okay, guys? I cannot be more clear about that, that you have to be enabled to beat yourself in order to make this work. And whenever I was failing, I was failing from over-trading, from greed, from hesitation, from all of it. Like, I was failing from all of the different things. It wasn't just one.
but all of those things stem back to one simple thing that i kept trying to solve by watching trading psychology videos or or watching a podcast or or meditating or running or doing all these things that i overlooked the most simple way to overcome this the entire time you see while i had to realize that yes emotions
are against you in trading, right? Like they will make you fail. You have to overcome fear. You have to overcome all these things. But the biggest thing that I see you guys mess up is the same thing that I mess up and the same thing that all traders mess up when they're unprofitable. You're placing all this importance on making this work. And if it doesn't work, if you don't win the trade, if you don't win the day, if you blow the funnel account, if you lose, all these things, you're so fucking scared of these situations that guess what?
Everybody you look up to, every single person that you look up to went through these things. I lost everything. I lost everything multiple times. And I'm not saying it has to be that way. In fact, it doesn't. You do not have to lose everything. I can't be more clear on that. But guys, you can't be so hard on yourself whenever you lose. You have to understand you're going to go through these things. You're going to lose an account. You're going to lose a funded account. You're going to blow it. It's okay.
it's gonna happen so go ahead and accept that it's gonna happen and remove this importance from trading because anytime you put so much importance on something anytime you say this has to work or i have to get uh be successful in three months or i have to show my parents that i want to be a successful trader or i i won't be able to quit my job until i'm profitable for a year so if i'm not profitable and you just start unraveling and you place all this importance on things
and you're failing before you even begin. Now I can tell you stuff that's like filler, like backtest your trades and journal and risk management. That's all common sense, okay? Yes, you do have to do those things. But guys, you do not have to go down the path that I went down. I went through years and years. It was four years, four years until I was consistently profitable. I started trading in 2016 after I got lucky in crypto, traded off and on, and I made hundreds of thousands getting lucky and lost.
everything do you realize what that did to my mind do you realize how long it took me to get over that kind of trauma those kind of mistakes that i made over and over and over and over again guys like if you're not careful it will turn into a multi-year battle and if that happens if you're in that valley of despair don't give up i'm not saying that's all bad but guys if you're not if you're watching this and you're somebody who just started trading the last year or last two years and you you haven't hit that rock bottom yet trust me i want you to
understand it doesn't have to be that way like whenever i was by myself trading i didn't have anybody this was before the days of discord before the days of all these different education things and mentors i didn't have anybody i would have literally given anything just to have a friend who traded much less somebody who could teach me much less somebody who could hold my hand and actually take me through what it meant to be a trader to sit there look over my shoulder correct my mistakes when i'm wrong all these things like i would have given
anything to do that and that is why today i made this i made this whole project i worked my ass over this for weeks to do this for free so i could show you guys all the information i wish i would have had and i appreciate you guys for taking the time to make it through this whole thing however long it's been i don't know i feel like it's been all day long so for you guys who watch all the way to the end i appreciate you i i greatly greatly appreciate you and i i haven't forgot there's a giveaway i'm going to tell you exactly how to enter that here soon but
i just want you guys first of all to know i appreciate you but understand like how blessed you are like how but i wish that i would have had me as a mentor i wish that whenever i was started trading i had somebody that was like this who would tell me straight who's not just gonna tell me oh you're gonna get rich overnight because you're not okay you're not you're not gonna get rich overnight and if you understand that yes trading is hard it's gonna be really hard guys if you just know how to zoom out
remove the importance from things and understand that it really is a process like you need to understand how to journal your trades look at where you're losing what times of day you're losing and really zoom out and not care about anything because like whenever i became profitable it wasn't because i learned much new stuff it was because i took away things i took away things from my trading i was able to look at my journal and say okay now i'm going to be looking at this with a sensible mindset
i'm not worried about being profitable i'm just worried about perfecting my process so i started to realize like oh these times a day i'm not as profitable this type of trading strategy is not as profitable when i have daily bias i'm not as profitable right and i wouldn't have been able to see these things if i had all my focus on just making money or or trying to make this work overnight but nobody ever told me that so be thankful like i'm telling you that right now like
this video i've told you so much stuff that most people they don't want to say because it makes it sound you know it's it's not like it doesn't sound sexy it doesn't sound like it's gonna sell a course and that's why i don't sell a course the only thing i have is a mentorship now if you guys want to work directly with me look i'm sorry guys like
There's a lot of you guys that I probably won't be able to work with. There's no way on earth that I can work with hundreds of thousands of people. But if you want to work directly with me, if you wanna have me watch over your shoulder, if you wanna sit with me while I'm trading live, executing on my screen, if you want every single trade that you take reviewed, if you wanna have your own version of my risk management software, literally everything then apply down in the description. And I cannot help every one of you guys, okay? Now, if you apply and you don't get accepted, I'll still send you a free gift. So make sure to put your email in correctly.
put your phone number incorrectly, will still send you stuff. I still want you to win. And to be clear, like I've given you all the information here today. The only thing that I sell is how to execute that. And yes, I do sell it because I value my time. A lot of people don't like that. That's fine. They just keep watching stuff for free on YouTube. But for those of you who want to take this to the next level, who are gonna be serious, go ahead and apply and be crystal clear, be honest on your application. Because if you're not serious about this, if you're not ready to really take everything you have and put it into trading,
then I don't wanna work with you. Because I don't work with people who aren't serious because I very, very, very highly value my clients' results. And that's why you see all the crazy results from my community like you see, where Brick just got approved for a 40K payout. And he's not only up 40K, he was up 120K across all his accounts. And then like I talked about Jaden earlier, where he literally went from being at a loss of 80K,
So now he's made way more than 270K. This was just December of last year. And here are all of his payouts using the same strategy that I taught you guys today, but he's actually trading it with me. And if you watch the vlog where I flew him out, he said that the thing that helped him the most, it wasn't even the strategy. It was him journaling. It was him becoming a better version of himself. Now, if you want to follow his journey or talk to him and ask him about this, go follow him on Instagram. The dude's living life. This is an amazing dude, really good friend of mine. I highly recommend you give him a follow. Or you have Jasmine who-
joined august 27th and in december not even four months later she got a 36 000 payout and was number one on top steps leaderboard and you have tons of other traders actually getting consistent payouts it's not
Just posting a bunch of prop firm funded certificates where people just get funded and blow the account because we actually implement what it takes to be a successful trader. Because once you cut through the noise, guys, you realize that this stuff is possible. I firmly believe any of you guys who have made it this far, you're already ahead of 90% of people. Most people click off these videos in like two minutes and then wonder why they don't make any money because people don't take things seriously. This is the same system that helped Sean get his first payout after seven.
years seven years and he's now on his track to get his next payout or you have one of the craziest stories which was trade her mom she was literally at home with a newborn
and she was struggling like you guys have no excuse because after this she's now got to not only where she's making payouts but now she's able to make six thousand dollars in a single trade like do you realize that's life-changing guys all because she locked in and took this seriously and then you have keels who is up 5600 in a single day plus another 14k that he had a payout on the way or you had chong who was brand new and now he's securing his third payout just a couple of months later and this is not just the traders you see
There are tons and tons of traders who are absolutely crushing it. And all of these traders were once in the exact same position you are in right now. The only difference, the only difference, because they were struggling for months, but it was they changed their mindset. They took things serious and they locked in. They traded a simple strategy. They actually took everything into their own hands and realized that they are in control. Just like every single one of you guys is in control of whether or not you make it in the long game.
Now, of course, you might go through struggles. You might go through times where it's not working for you, where it feels like it's not going to ever work. But you have to never, ever, ever lose sight of the fucking goal, guys, because this all can be for you, too. Literally, I believe any one of you watching can do this. This is so many traders just like you who were struggling, who are now crushing it. Look, guys, we went over literally everything. This whole course, I've taught you everything there is to know. Now you have every bit.
information that you need to win but the choice of what you do with it is up to you now thank you guys for watching thank you guys for being on my team thank you guys for giving me the chance to be your mentor whether it's here on YouTube whether we work directly and I look forward to meeting some of you guys either way I love each and every one of you guys and now if you want to enter the giveaway what you have to do
you have to go to my instagram and you have to message me blueprint you have to dm me blueprint and you have to be following me otherwise you will not win the giveaway if you win and you're not following me then you won't win the giveaway because we're going to use an automation to determine the winner so guys i love each and every single one of you whether or not you enter the giveaway whether or not we work together whether or not you even like this channel or whatever i still hope every single one of you guys win so
please make sure to watch this video as many times as you need. And I hope that this is the breakthrough for thousands of traders. I love you guys and I'll see you in the next video.
