What's up, what's up? What's up, Ozeki? I see you on YouTube. I'll give everybody a second to get in here. Morning, good morning. Oh man. It was a crazy day yesterday. So really with Bitcoin, um...
I know everybody kind of got really bullish like through all this. But in all reality, we're still just up here in this four hour supply zone. I mean, it's not to say that it won't get broken, but you got to remember this is your strong high. So you have to assume that it's not going to get broken until it is with a closure above it. If you're like me, I'm not going to a wick above. It's not going to be a break of structure for me.
So really here, what we're looking at is just a...
Pump back up into the extreme premium also into this supply so you know longing here Is kind of backwards in the way that I look at things now if we break above this close then I'll wait for the retrace and long but Longing Bitcoin not not anything belonging Bitcoin here. It's kind of redundant If you ask me and maybe unless you're just scalping this range or something. I don't know
You could say, oh, I'm going to scalp demand. There's ways you could play it, but it's very short-lived and not necessarily what I would be playing. I think we already started to break out on internal structure last night a little bit. If you use inside bars, we've got to change the character there. I wouldn't trade this either. This would be really, really aggressive.
Looks like that's probably what we just pumped into right now. I wouldn't be shorting this yet either, so don't get me wrong. But I do see the more shorts, the more logical case. Probably going to come up into this. Probably will come up farther than where it's at right now, if I had to guess.
But right now, what I'm doing is I'm waiting. I haven't looked at other stuff today, but I'm waiting for these changes of character. Preferably, I'd like us to make one more high. I'd like us to clear this high, and that would give us this as our swing on the 15-minute, and it'd be a much nicer little consolidation we had to trade. So basically, what we're looking for here is for Price to break its swing low.
showing you the 15 minute is shifting bearish you can see that supply is definitely right remaining up in that wick but um um you know we're waiting for that supply or i'm sorry yeah the supply to overtake the demand because we're up in this zone of supply there's probably a lot of orders um if you look the last time we came into this zone
This is really where we started to sell off from was like really in this wick specifically, but all through this wick these wicks This really this whole zone you could you could draw the whole zone, but obviously that's pretty It's not really precise. So once we refine this down, you know, we can go back in here and find smaller time frame order blocks whatever but
We know there's a lot of supply up in this area. So upon that assumption, we're going to be cautious. I'll just go ahead and say it. If you're trying to long on Bitcoin up here, unless you're just scalping, like I said, then you're just, I don't know. I don't know what bias or what logic you have there.
Let's look at some other coins. I want to see, you know, what's funny, Waves, I took a glance at this on my phone. I understood something about it. This should actually, like, I mean, you know, depending on how you draw your swing structure, I mean, I really think this was a pullback. I mean, it's kind of, it's just really shitty price action. But, I mean, Waves closed above this four-hour right there, the four-hour strong high.
I mean, it's kind of hard to say if it's a strong high or not. I mean, this is really like almost still one price swing, but you don't have much to work with. You know, unless you think it's the only, which I see that notion. But regardless, oh yeah, my VPN is on. I'm glad you let me know. Hold on.
Also, if anybody on YouTube wants to drop and let me know that the stream is a little bit better, that'd be nice. My bad on that. My PC, I left it on overnight and I still have my VPN on. Cool. Yeah, I appreciate it. Let me know. I just kept going. But with Waves, this is interesting because it closed way, way above this zone.
You know, I'm sure you could find some supply somewhere over here. But, you know, it's really not the greatest price action on the high time frames. Get that gap right there. And the next zone of supply is really all the way up here. It's that pivot supply right there. Probably, preferably within this candle is what I would refine it down to. Because this is where you really started to see the selling. But, I mean, now do I think Waves is going there? I mean...
I don't think it's not going there, and I don't think it is going there. This price action is just, I mean, you know, if I had to guess, this is just devs trying to pump, you know, liquidity to get out. I could be wrong, but let's actually take a look. I'm curious to see what's in this huge doji over here. I just want to see on the lower time frames. Yeah, I mean.
You know, I don't know. This doesn't really seem like much display, so I came after it. I wouldn't really pay too much interest in this. Price action here is pretty rough, but regardless, even if we are bullish here, you know, say we did just break out and...
the you know waves is bullish again well you're still gonna have a pretty big pullback so I'm gonna look for shorts upon a shift in structure in the 15 minute and play down to these inefficiencies and which is more than enough of a move you know we don't have to short all the way down to four dollars in order for it to be
worthwhile this is going to be a pretty key area of interest for me the sell to buy or sell to buy wicks and then also really just this four-hour IPA as well the fill of that fair value gap that's the zone I would watch probably just watch this it's kind of that rally base rally I'll actually probably move this down to here
Just mark this. I'm just curious to see how we react, but probably somewhere in here is where I would look for, you know, probably to be out of the shorts in full, which is, I mean, totally enough. Again, the price action is not really the best here. I would like this to form a little bit more, maybe even make one more high, like a lot of stuff, just to give us better price action to work with. But, you know, that, I'm just waiting on that one.
Rune. This is this is what I want other stuff to do right here I want it to make that new high so I can drag this Level we're gonna get a change of character over here Seems like there was still supply left somewhere over here Because once that gets wicked out like that personally, I'm looking for another area. Let's say probably Somewhere in this wick actually. I'm just curious
I'm also not really super familiar with Rune price action. We've traded it before, as you guys know. Actually, this might be a better zone right there. That's really refining it. Just because I'm looking for where the selling really began. And if you see, there's a really big move here.
We also broke swing structure in the 15-minute there. There's been swing, old swing high, new high, meta new high. So what's the low? Lowest point between the two. Nice.
break a structure following this supply zone. And then also, did you flip any demand? Yeah, you really kind of flip demand here as well because this demand broke a swing high. You've got a closer above really anything over here. That'd be a pretty strong zone. I'll leave this up just to see how he reacted if we even get up there. Just leave that and then kind of come back to that later. Tomo. Oh my gosh. It's fucking gapping down.
So here it actually looks like you've got a change of character. Oops, what did I just do? So we came up into this four-hour supply zone. A lot of liquidity up here. Oh, wow, it's dumping. Did it clear that? It looks like it did. Yeah, it did. So we've got a nice little liquidity sweep there. Also, the four-hour supply. Damn, this shit is dumping. Sounds like everything's probably about to.
Let's see if we can find maybe a re-entry here because I'm not going to chase it. But wow, that's a huge gap for crypto. So we've got that initial change of character right there. Come back up. Supply probably was sitting in this wick, if I had to guess. That's my right-click setting to save annotations. So if you double-click on it and you're writing, doing whatever, you just click your...
thing right here and save as and then it'll come up with a bunch that way it's you can right click it you can also click this so it's like m15 poi i'm gonna look holy shit shit has just jumped off a cliff um as of right now i'd be watching two zones again this is pretty choppy but you know you could watch this because i mean obviously we saw some displacement after that so let's just see up here so
This is not really the greatest price action. If you're playing one minute entries, you didn't even get an entry here. Because here was really your confirmation. You never came back up to this supply. I mean, obviously, it's taking a nosedive. But you're not watch price if it comes back up to either one of those 15-minute zones. But other than that, I'm not going to chase this one. So I'll just mark. I'll actually put this this fair value gap fill.
So I'm just going to send an alert for the first one and then come back and revisit it. When I watch everything, I'm just... Why is that already doing that? Sometimes the alerts are so weird. LRC. I don't think LRC came up in two. I guess if you draw this whole range right here, it's being pretty liberal with your zone creation there. But I mean, it's seeming to react. So let's see. Bam. Bam.
I think everything is just kind of dumping. It's probably going along with the general narrative, but these aren't really like the cleanest little setups here because, you know, I like to see price return back up to these top zones. Sorry, my cat's over here going crazy. I guess you could say it was somewhere in this zone over here, but even then it didn't tap into it. Maybe it did actually.
we know it's in supply i'm gonna move that over there i guess this was really your zone right there go tap it how's it five six two eight yep tapped it to the penny it seems like that was your zone because it did you did get a nice reaction there that tron's up right now let's see um so there was the first entry a lot of stuff was happening a little earlier this morning and then you got that flip entry right there because this is the demand that pushed you back up into your
Buy. Bam. That would have been nice. So really here, now that we've taken this out again, we're going to look within this candle. Oops. See if we can get a double confirmation entry in a 15 minute. I have so many alerts that I'm going to run out of that. Space for them. I don't know what the fuck. Why the fuck? They were long and fucking ape. I saw that and was like, what the hell?
But good news on Ape, we might have a short setup presenting itself. Just got that. I don't know if these are going to wait for us or not, if everything really starts to tank, but not going to chase it nonetheless. Again, not the greatest price action. I would say right here is really where a lot of the selling began. It's also probably in premium. It's nice up in OTE, so this is where I would...
Be watching, and I'd wait for a one-minute confirmation here. I'm not going to set a limit there. XMR. Also got that change of character there. Yeah, really, I'd like these higher ones to be satisfied. But I'll still set alerts at the lower ones just to kind of pique my interest, see how price is reacting there. Still no change of character on ETH yet for me. That still is going to be that swing low. Litecoin. Move this up to here, actually.
I haven't tried to buy coin in a long time. This would have gotten moved, so this actually might be forming up something nice there. Yeah, sure. Are you on stream right now, Ozeki?
Okay, cool. So change of character, all it is, is first off, to properly draw changes of character, you have to understand swing structure. So we're looking at one right here.
So whenever we're looking at what is our swing structure, because a lot of people just look at it and say like, oh, we pulled back enough here, that's just swing structure, which is totally wrong. So rule number one that you have to remember is a high's job is to make a low, and a low's job is to make a high. If they don't do their job, it's not swing structure. So for instance, is this a swing high? No.
Is this a swing low? No. Is this a swing low? No. None of these, this is all just internal structure. So what is the actual swing high and swing low? Well, if you look over here, you can set, you could, this is definitely going to be a swing high up here. All right, here's your swing low. Or actually, sorry, here is your swing high up here. Because you had this low, let's map it out. This, all right, was this a low? No.
Why not? Because it didn't make a new high. So bam, you come down into here. So now you've got a new low. So now you've shifted. You're in a downtrend. Or maybe it was before, but we're just going to assume this was an uptrend before. So now you're in a downtrend. You made a new low. Right? So is this a new high? Well, to me it is, yeah, because you made a new low. So then it's going to kind of fuck us over because I can't really...
Here, we'll start from that low. I couldn't move the screen and click at the same time. So then you have this right here. Oh, we broke structure. So you've got a new high. It's just understanding swing structure, which is like the number one thing that everyone should understand, but most people don't. Then you come up here. You have this high. Low.
high, and then bam, look at that. So this is what you have, or when you have a change of character. Because look, before we were making, we made a high, high, or low. High, high, or low. Oh, I guess what happened.
Price changed character. So all it is is shifting a shift in trend. So by itself, these can give a lot of false signals. But when you pair them with order blocks or liquidity concepts, like for instance, if you're in a supply zone or if you're above an old low or in a fair value gap and you can pair.
to frame trade setups because you could say, okay, well, I've got two confluences. Remember, we don't ever want to enter a trade up, just one. So we can say, okay, we are in four hour supply. The 15 minute is shifting bearish. So now I have a trade setup. Maybe you want two confirmations. There's two ways to play them. You can wait until there's another break of structure like this right here.
You know, this is a, you'll probably have a higher strike rate if you do it right, but you'll probably miss a lot of trades, which is fine. That's not, you know, a bad thing, but it all depends on your style. Then it's how we would play them. This is also a pretty choppy price action, but how we would play them.
is we'd wait for price to come up into these supply zones we've made on the way down. This one, I wouldn't have even probably played this here. I personally would rather have played it up here. And this is where you can get messed up doing the double confirmation entry. Now, so you just have to have a very...
solid framework of what you look for. Like, what do you need? So like a lot of times people, you know, you could play, you know, you say, okay, you just draw a zone where price reacted to. And then you say, okay, well, we've satisfied all supply. You know, second break is structured. A lot of times playing these double confirmations can get you in a world of trouble by failing to realize that we do still have a lot of unmitigated supply up here. Oops, I hit M1.
So that, to me, I would personally rather price go up here, but you can always watch price down here. So here it's like we came up into these zones. You could say this is the M15 POI as well.
And then you have this supply as well. And you would call this maybe a flip zone. This isn't the cleanest price action. I haven't traded one either. And remember, when you're using price action and stuff, a lot of these coins, they just move with the rest of the market. So you're going to get pretty sloppy TA on them. But what I would do here...
is wait for price to return up into this area and see if I can get a confirmation tree. And what is that? Well, that's just, once price gets up here, I'm going to go into my lower timeframe that I execute trades on, which is the one minute. And I'm going to wait for a shift in structure. So for instance, over here, what would that have looked like? So it's pretty choppy again.
This price actually is not the greatest, but you could say, okay, well, here is a low. You broke it. You came up in the zone, broke a low. Really, this would be your supplies on all these candles. You could have refined it, but that's how it would start. And then you would have set an entry. Because in the one minute, remember, this may look like a lot, but it's really not.
Yes, that's what a change of character is. As soon as you shift. And somebody I just now see, Boston Tao said, they hear me say displacement a lot. What do I mean? So example of displacement is right here. Displacement in the marketplace, whenever there has been a clear imbalance between supply and demand, aka someone or an entity, something is pushing price very hard. And it's usually you can identify good zones.
when you're looking at supply and demand by displacement following them. Or when you're moving into your POI, you want to see displacement. For instance, let's go look at Bitcoin 4-hour. When you're looking to short and say, if we're waiting for this short,
from this area well we're going to wait till price comes up into it and we want it to come up and we don't want it to just mosey on up in there we want it like this because that's manipulation now does this just confirm that we're just dumping from here oh we had displacement so no it doesn't work like that but you do want this you want that fast violent move into your point of interest so that's what displacement is so here
We can wait for price to return to this zone. But again, I'd probably, unless we get a move down more first, I'm probably going to be very cautious with that just because it's not the greatest price action. We also have this up here. It's unsatisfied. So I'm not really going to force this one. There's probably going to be better setups.
I want to check the perp charts, but not the perp charts, but the different structure. So, I mean, you're starting to get those internal breaks, but I mean, Bitcoin's swing structure in the 15 minutes is really wide right here. It's all the way down here. Yeah, am I in the 15-minute fair value gap for longs? Yeah. You're not in shorts? I wasn't probably long it here, but... No, I woke up too late.
i woke up at like 9 36. i saw all that liquidity build you know because i kept like waking it up in and out of the sleep yeah that shit's gonna get swept we're gonna pull back hard yeah i woke up and we're already like dumping yeah same i wanted there's a couple other ones i wanted to short but that seems supervised yeah avax is gonna be a nice story i believe uh i'll go learning what i learned from photon the way i see it is weird
Just actually having a minor pullback before we continue higher to take out the other highs at 31 or 32.4, 32.6. I don't think we're coming all the way back down. Well, I mean, if you look at the only thing about it that I don't, I don't see the case for long. You're just at a strong.
uh you're just at a strong uh high here at the supply that sent us down gotta break a structure so personally i don't see the case for longs but that's just me not saying they don't work now if we break above this and if we close a four-hour candle above 32 650 that'll change but until then yeah that's where i have my four-hour change of characters that 32 650 high yeah i'm not looking for longs until we're either there or and even then like i
I mean, you'll get really if this is, you know, just mitigation, which it looks like almost my opinion.
I also see the case where you're saying for like this all being, you know, not a bigger picture, like this kind of being a spring or ST. What is that? Not a high volatility STB. Yeah. Secondary tests and phase B or whatever. But if it's high volatility like this, where you have a shit ton of volatility coming down and it's not really like a lot of supply absorption, it's because like they buy up all of them, all the volume in those down moves. So it creates a sort of spring like action.
Yeah, I see that case, but for this right here, I don't personally see a case for longs until we get a closure above that. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. I want us to just piss, but I wouldn't be surprised if we come back up and mitigate. Let's see, where I take longs, I'd put my stops below 30,260 anyways, because that's the 15-minute swing structure. Yeah, no, I see what you're saying.
Even if they're just up to, because I do want this high to get taken. Like I want this to get taken right here because, well, I would like us to tighten up this swing structure here. But, you know, because usually in my experience with Bitcoin.
which Bitcoin's price actions has been pretty dog shit lately. But usually you'll see this consolidation before a reversal. You'll see it to be much tighter than this, which means usually that high gets taken. So then you have a new swing structure and so forth. So AVAX here, this I'm going to wait till we come back up here, preferably. Which one is just being back already. Oh, we pulled back like 3%. XRP, change of character.
Yeah, this is kind of choppy, depending on how you draw it. Really, I mean, anywhere. I guess up here would be your pullback. Let me look at this neck. Let me pull it up on my screen. Oh, why is it so zoomed out? There we go. Say what? Who you are? Yeah, I'm keeping this 15-minute fair value gap within 15-minute swing structure. I'm looking at the daily time frame.
yeah once we can get like if we can get that confirmation for me i would be looking for like i mean even 40 to be honest like at like final targets like up here in this fair value gap up here but because you are absolutely right because again yeah the four hour the one hour is bearish only the 15 minute and below is bullish yeah a minute is uh bearish i think now but
But I see exactly what you mean. We're basically coming right back up to the strong high. So if we reject here, that could put in our new strong high and we could just fucking break 26. Oh, that's what I'm saying. Either you're going to pump up and close above this, but I just don't see any... The way I look at it, I don't see any... Yeah, that's where Wyckoff really comes in handy here. See, I don't know. This whole range comes out to me as accumulation as opposed to redistribution.
and i also think if we were going to distribute we would still form a utad because this doesn't look like any structure well this would be the utad yeah yeah would it yeah because uh yeah the difference with a utad in a in an up thrust um lucosa said is that utad holds like it holds price for a bit a little yeah
It holds and forms structure. I mean, I don't know. So an uprust is just like a wick. No, you have to get a... There's always a UTAD after... Or not always, but I'm seeing... Hmm.
I mean, if I was looking at this and I was saying, this is where I don't like Wyckoff because it's just speculatory. Like no one really knows and it's all just who's good at it. That's what turns me off of it. I like it for like added confidence, but it's like, I don't like stuff that's not machine learnable personally. But I see, I mean, if anything, if we do dump from here, I mean, this just looks like a redistro to me.
just that classic manipulation inducement trap shorts get trapped i'm sorry longs get trapped right there
And then, you know, you have that scam pump up to the last supply. But, I mean, none of that's confirmed either, you know. But that's what I would see this more as. It's just like everything else, like, but on a longer time frame. Like, we have that push up, longs get trapped here, move up into that supply, dump. Go over here. No, I think it was on, we can go on the lower time frame. That's when we were getting all those crazy roller coaster moves. You had that push up.
Right here, you're inducing longs, inducing bullish narrative. Price comes up to supply. I think it was actually here is when it happened. But this is on a higher time frame, so it looks different. Price came up to the supply, dumped.
Inducement. Price count to supply. Dumped. It's just what we've seen tons of times. Oh my god. That's what it looks like to me, personally. That's speculation, too, though. That's me speculating. That's the thing. I have to wait until I'm like...
You know, okay, we've broken swing structure. Oh, yeah, I keep forgetting Nick stuff. For this, Nick. I'm in shorts, so this should work down to 3,500. This shit right here looks like springboard distribution. Yeah. Yo, Algo, go on to the BTC chart. Sorry, go to the zero minus on the four hour.
But Nick, for this picture you sent, I see what you're saying personally. I mean, I don't, I wouldn't take it like this. If you were to take any kind of longs like this, the only target that I would see would be this high right here. Because targeting this up here is kind of a stretch. Because you got to remember, you know, the only real target, I mean, for me, because you're longing in a heavy premium of the four hour range.
You're also longing a reaction to a high time frame supply. Yes. And your target is past the four hour swing high. I wouldn't use the one hour to target stuff like that personally. That's just me. But I probably wouldn't take these longs, but I see the logic behind them. It's like I see what you're trying to do. But if I did take them, I would be trimming them extremely aggressively. Probably if I hit any kind of like 3R or anything, I'd just take it.
But I probably wouldn't take them personally. But anyways, go ahead, Jail. I'll just answer Nick's thing. Oh, no. I was going to tell Nick, make sure that target $32,650 because the way market structure works is you could literally break a four-hour structure point. You could pip it and that'll... Yeah, exactly. Pip $32,650, like 0.1 and one penny and fucking reverse from there. Yeah. I still want this to get cleared, though, but I don't know if it's going to happen. Because, I mean, the way I look at this is...
I'm sure there might be some kind of unsatisfied supply up here, and you could be just getting an AMD setup here. The way I see it is they're printing out a perfect BART pattern for retail to FOMO shorts into. Yeah, I could see something like this. The AMD setup is this right here. Where is it? Look at the zero chart. Oh, is that the zero minus I was telling you about?
What is that the thing where you guys have had the I'm sorry some of you guys post it It's um, it's just the inverted chart, but they cover playboy told us to use zero minus because it carries over like things better
This looks like a sign of weakness on it, doesn't it? Yeah, it looks like what we're at right now. Yeah, so this would basically be a major show of strength. This would be our MSOS right now. If it was inverted. Because from a distribution standpoint, because that's all we've been working with, that shit looks just like an MSOW.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't see. I mean, and also another thing too, just with the general state of the economy, I could be wrong. And a lot of this is going to have to do with the stock market too, in my opinion. I mean, if you ask me, the stock market's a fat short. This is a fat fucking short, bro. I'm in shorts on NASDAQ right now. Oh shit, did we retrace all the way? Nah.
It's just going short until Europe closes. No, I'll go. I threw up some ICT fibs on the one day on the SPX. Oh, that bitch is going to go down, down. It just needs a weekly pullback for the upside to get more supply, more liquidity for it to bush lower. This is going down, though.
it's inducing longs right now like a motherfucker people are so excited the market's alive and i'm just sitting there like no here peep crypto chat i think we might um yeah i'll uh i'll add you at it
I think you still might have some room to go up to like 4.15. You're just getting a pullback off the first reaction. I'm watching Tomo here. This price action is just not great. I was expecting everything to go up regardless because DXY was looking like a short. Yeah, that was another thing I was looking at last night. And then Euro USD was looking like a long. I miss my Euro USD entry.
I always fucking say JG too, bro. I don't know why I always say JG. I'm going to change my canvas. Everybody in Coinbase better have taken their profits because that wasn't sustainable.
If you're in corn base or licked. Yeah, I always tell people, if people are putting a P&L, they're like, you think I should take this here? I'm like, all I need to know is that you posted the P&L. If you're posting P&L, you probably, well, I guess not always, depending on the situation, but most of the time, if you're posting P&L, you should probably take something, if not everything.
Did anybody tell you to do apia? Yeah. Yesterday I was like, no, don't do it. Yeah, I don't know where those longs. I'm not trying to be a dick, but I was like... Yeah, I was like, yo, this shit going to 6'3". It's like longing the absolute possible top. It was the... What is it called? The golden... Golden range? The golden cross. What's it called?
It's the golden zone. Conduit, the golden range. The golden range. Oh, what? 0.5 to 0.618? No one even knows, I don't think.
Yeah, 100x, 0.5% move, TPL. I think the golden range is that Fib retracement, because that's what I used to call it. Yeah, well, it's technically a golden ratio, 618, I'm pretty sure. That's what most people refer to as, like, well, the Fibonacci, I'm pretty sure, in general, is a golden ratio. Yep, I was in a 100x long yesterday at, like, 29.5 or something, and I never took any profits from that shit, so, yeah.
There you go. You didn't take them yet still? No, bro. I sold it when I thought I was going to get licked, so I never took any profits.
so wait you sold i'm confused you sold it you're is it still open i think he uh round tripped oh you mean like round trip sounds like he round tripped yeah it's always important to have a target before you get into because that'll help with that because once money's in the line you like emotions can start to take over and then your decision making skills fall and that's anybody like no matter how good i would have held it up to that spike dude oh my god yep so
Yeah, I mean, but there's always the if and woulda, coulda, shoulda, but you got to have that specific target before you enter or you'll end up in situations like that. So just take it as a lesson learned. It happens. For instance, if I just get in the trade and I have no idea where I'm taking it, I'm going to make emotional decisions. Like if I got in TRX, let's just say, if I got in TRX last night and I saw...
this you know i might have just taken it all like right here i'm like oh dude i'm not giving this back it's it's it's gonna rail after this you know what i mean so that's kind of that's why you have that set you know plan because well i had a i had a target in mind of 31 6 which was like most of those highs right so before it hit that though i thought i was gonna get licked so i fucking i dipped out of it but
Prior to that, I let it ride overnight.
and when i woke up in the morning it was up i had profit or whatever but i didn't take any of it so yeah yeah you got same same with exits like on both ends like you gotta have that stop loss cemented too because that way like you won't be scared of getting licked you know what i mean as long as you're just risking one percent you're not gonna like get um scared out of your position like you'll just it's all the less thought you have to put in it the better so like all the thoughts should be before there's money because i think like this
Whenever you're thinking about what you're going to do with the money and put in the trade, you don't want to have the money on the line because you'll be influenced. So think about it like, oh, hey, I have a trade plan. Until you push that button, this is all just drawings. Once you push that button, you should have everything set. When I take these, I'll literally push it, stop loss, and I have exactly how much I'm going to take in each one.
Will I maybe come back in and manage it later if it's like super in profits? You know, there's a Bitcoin starting to reverse. I might move my stop, you know, whatever. But I'm not going to like, you know, it's just whatever at this point. Like it's going to do what it's going to do. And it's going to, you know, especially if you have a strict like de-risking policy. Like one thing that.
I do like about a lot of these Forex traders, they all have this, like for instance, they'll take 30% at 3R. Some will take 25% at 4R, 20% at 5R. They all have different ones because they've all just repacked it and rebranded it. But the ideology behind that I like, like I like taking like 25% at 4.
at 4R. I mean, it just depends on the trade, too. Because that way, you don't have to move your stop to break even, and you've de-risked. Or you can also move your stop to break even with that, and then you've made money, and you know, just security. But once you have that, and that level hits, then the trade is completely stress-free. Because now it's like...
You know, I mean, as long as you did everything right, because, you know, one wrong move can screw up that psychology. Like, oh, if you're too heavy in it, well, you're probably going to either take profits too soon or, you know, that's going to influence your decision making. If you go against your strategy or kind of deejit into something, you're going to make different decisions than if you had, you know, went in the way you should have.
But, um, it happens the best of us, though. Yeah, Tron was easy money. I've been waiting for this for so fucking long. I've shored it a couple times, but just baby moves. But, this shit was easy money. Coming out of daily supply, double change of character, finally came up and satisfied that last bit of stuff. This is why I don't like playing for, like, the swing entries. This is why I don't like playing, like, you know, here, over here.
Let's say you broke structure and you formed this supply up here and it never got satisfied. You're like, I just got left behind. You entered here. If you took profits aggressively, you were fine. For me, this was trying to get into some shorts that you're going to be able to. You probably came here and stopped to break even. Here you got in, you didn't even take the low.
It's not to break even. All right. So it's just kind of like I always like to wait for that final level of demand or supply to be satisfied. And also this created some nice inducement here. Like everybody thought we were just dumping stop losses here, here, here. So a lot of liquidity had been swept. Price came up there. One minute double confirmation entry. And that's why we got such a violent move when we entered it because it was hitting that flip zone.
i'm just gonna go one chart i'm gonna go back to tomo just see what it's doing see exactly here's a good example see it's like you could say like oh is there displacement here yeah did it break surgery yeah but it's like is it even in a premium like i don't think it was no now this is so now we can maybe watch for something here but in all honesty then you've still got this up here
You could say we've tapped up into a price kind of traded back up into it and we did get a break of structure So you could say that supply here had been satisfied You know that that is You know theoretically valid and this also this zone didn't break this demand So the zone we're in now if you look this is where the orders came in that really pushed price down that ended up breaking the demand here So that being said, I don't want to just get in anyway, so I'm gonna wait and see how we react here on the one minute
We might have a nice little short opportunity. We'll see. But I'm not going to force anything with Tomo just because it's Tomo, you know. Another chart now that I've got that up. Ape. I'll also watch Ape. Where are some other ones? XRP is on watch as well.
This is some pretty odd price action though. I would watch this zone just because there's a lot of displacement after it. You also look like you come up here. You have this huge institutional candle. Price comes up, looks right around EQ. So to me, that's satisfied. And you might have more up here. I don't know. Maybe up in this inside bar because that's where the real selling really started. Something to keep an eye on, but I'm not going to not trade because of it.
Then you come up here. After you satisfy where the selling started, this wick, price comes up into the wick, doesn't break it, moves the downside. Doesn't get a break of structure yet, but then you come up here, back into this supply, and then you get that break of structure, heavy displacement. So you could say, okay, there's probably some heavy supply in that wick. Or not wick, I'm sorry, that candle. BNB still hasn't really done it for me. Actually, I don't know. I haven't moved this line yet. You could look at this.
You really could look at this as kind of a swing right here, depending on how you draw swing structure. It's just pushing it, but it looks like it reacted pretty nicely. First change of character. Flip zone is right there. We're in here, one. Oh, that's what I'm talking about. Oh, this is why. At what point would we consider the market reversing?
I mean, most of it's already. But for me, whenever the 15-minute shifts to bearish, that's going to be enough for me. You might be wanting a double shift, like a double change of character in a 15-minute. Or I guess not really a double change of character, but a change of character than a break of structure, if you will. So that's really per person what you're looking for there. But that's for me what I'd look for.
I've been also waiting to short AVEX. Well, I was speaking in terms of what would be some indication of the market, the whole market, going into bull. Oh, you mean shifting to bull. Four-hour closure above $32,650. That'd be the start. Above $36,50? $32,650.
Okay. Because that would be your change in swing structure because right now we're just embarrassed. We're just like in a bear swing. That's it. It's like we're retracing and thinking anything else by the...
The principles that I personally use would just be speculation. But now I may, you know, there's different strategies that everybody has. And, you know, as long as one's working, you can't say it's wrong or right. But for me, I'm going to need a change in swing structure. And I don't have that. And a wick's not going to do it for me either. But.
For instance, this, to me, is not healthy. Who knows? You could look at the Wyckoff perspective. I see it. This is your super protected low now. We're coming out of this STP in phase B. There's so much old TA here. TradingView is so dumb how their multi-chart system works. It's just terrible. I literally sink it, save it. It just doesn't do it.
But yeah, so that's for me. All right, here, let's look at Tomo. Ugly price action, to be honest. But I mean, if you look at it, if you want to look at it like this, exactly. I'm not sure if I really want to chase this or not. I'm not a huge fan of that price action. Yeah, so you're satisfying most of this above. I really look down here. See, and I'm not entering this. I mean, this won't be the final TP, but I definitely see the...
opportunity but yeah i'm probably gonna wait on this one for me i just i'm not a huge fan of that price action i'm not gonna force anything because i just think that you know trying to play these early shorts gets you going a lot i want to come back up into a um see actually is that an a it might be into a premium that is i was i'll keep an eye on it and just see how it plays out so no change of character there like lrc i'd be more of a fan of that that as well
A lot of the setups that I want to take are really just developing, so I don't see a lot of, unless we just get some violent pump up, I don't see a lot of action really today, I'm not going to lie, until later at least. Okay, I'm looking at some of these in chat now. Can I peep sushi? Yeah, sorry, these are kind of late.
i just realized i'm never a part of these um thoughts on this the wyckoff simplified i think that that's not what you want to use my opinion i think that you need to if you're going to do wyckoff you need to like really like read about it learn about it understand the concepts that you're trying to imply like you don't want to just look at a schematic i think that's just a recipe for
paralysis by analysis and also false signals because i hate those schematics of you that's my opinion just because they they they're not teaching you anything you need to understand what's going on the purpose of of everything that's that's in play you know what i mean um let's see a sushi yeah it's not about schematics yeah i don't i hate schematics you're in a breaker you're on sushi yeah
That's that's the problem with Wyckoff is a lot of people just pull up schematics and try and match it to the to the chart Exactly, and then and you'll end up not you end up just like hating You'll end up getting your account clapped. Yeah, literally I've been I've been playing breakers lately a little bit more than I didn't not as much in the four hour Yeah, well you want to know you some real fuck shit too with a lot of these coins
like everything almost is wearing weekly breakers you know what i'm saying so that's like things are in weekly breakers other things are in monthly breakers everything's in a weekly breaker right now like tapping almost exact eq of it not with bitcoin i think it was waves waves actually probably blasted waves is like broken bro but it still is in this breaker right here
right there filled fair value gap this one's i think the one you went close to equilibrium yeah it's closer it's not right at it but um there was also this one that we kind of definitely pushed through delete that yeah the waves dude i want to switch the out of waves oh but it's also got some really wide swig structure as with most coins soul was another one
I think we should just because of how Germany and Europe's inflation is looking. Germany put in the highest inflation in their country's history. Oh, wow. So, yeah, that's going to ripple over to the U.S. Just so y'all know. You heard it here first. So in a week when people are talking about it, like, oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Oil's about to go fucking nuts. Is it? Oh, yeah.
Just because of the spine demand. Can you not say that with an excited voice? Oh, bro, I'm excited as fuck. Are you kidding me? I'm waiting for these longs on oil, longs on DXY, shorts on Euro USD, shorts on GGJ. Yeah, I'm excited for everything around me to get fucking more expensive again. That's amazing. I was talking to my boy last night, and he was like, so what do you do during...
those kind of things like what's a good job i was like trading it's about it now there's tons of them but you know what i mean see like this is a good example here with soul for the shorts here that's why everyone was long enough bro like i honestly like i hate saying this but like another thing if you ever ever see a pump like that and you go in crypto vibes or not vibes crypto chat and everybody's just so long biased yeah that's a great top signal a lot of the time yeah that's a great
It's literally, think of it like a use case, or not a use case, like a case study. Like, you know, you're studying liquidity concepts that the whole thing we're doing is we're trying to follow the footprint of smart money that is trying to induce retail liquidity. And you have a huge community of people, some versed in smart money concepts, some not. And watch the sentiment. Watch the energy.
whenever we're at certain levels notice how everybody is silent and then we come up to literally the top for a lot of stuff or well you know not not soul bitcoin more than anything but and then you
You know, everybody wants to long. I mean, it's just crazy as hell to me. It's insane. But, you know, that's just... This is actually starting to form a fucking beautiful short. I probably wouldn't really be interested here. You know, I might miss it because of that, but I like this level up here, personally. Probably go ahead and mark this as well. And I would just play from this.
Fair value gap fill. This setup you'd have all confluences. You'd have liquidity getting swept, these equal highs, and fair value gap. You'd be in that nice zone of supply.
you'd be in that nice zone of supply near that apex zone you could even look up here you know like this might even be the real zone who knows but one thing with crypto is it's just pretty choppy price action and you can get faked out a lot like forex and stuff's pretty easy when you're using these concepts because it's very clear you know where where the supply and demand is most of the time before with crypto it's like you know you might look right here um but oops
But to me, that's not even in a premium. So that's like your first check, in my opinion, is what you should be looking for. And then also ask yourself, do we have unsatisfied levels above? We definitely do. Right here, right here. So that's not going to be where I'm looking to show. Now, you'll probably see a reaction here. You might even see a break of structure off of it. You might even come down here and tag this sell side liquidity, but that's not going to be a trade setup I want to take. That's why we waited for Tron.
pran good luck this literally i've been waiting on this for like days dude and it's hard not to because like you know you look at it like this oh we changed the character i just i started charting it right around this area like this we'd already missed this at this point this was really the best entry obviously but um
Came up, break a structure to the downside. Then it did its thing, then it broke structure again if you draw Wix, which I use Wix for my changes of character. I found it with crypto to work very well. I try to use for continuations. I know this is kind of backwards, but I try to see candle closes. But I will tell you right now, I've seen with Wix, with change of character, with crypto, it works almost every time.
But here, you know, we came back down here, you know, it broke down here. Everybody probably was like, the trades like this was like, fuck, we missed it. You know what I mean? But look, price came all the way back up, cleared all of this liquidity, all these early shorts got stopped. And then you got that real honeypot entry. That was just by waiting for days for that and being okay with getting left behind. Let's see what Tomo did.
looks like it's still hanging out around we had would have gotten stopped that's why i don't want to take that so i don't like that i don't like this price action just yet because you and this is why some of these coins i don't really i mean this is if you're using substructure i guess you could say that i mean really this was your first change of character but that's why i didn't want to take it i didn't really and if you ever have a setup that you just like don't like and you necessarily you can't even like put it on paper while you don't like it you're just looking at the price action and you're like
I don't like that. Just don't take it. It's literally totally okay to not take shit. I'm just now seeing this jail. It's schematic. If anything, I see the case where it'd be in the ST in phase B. What are my fib levels? Here, I'll just drop a picture. My snipping tool. I hate when people take pictures of their computer or anything instead of just using a snipping tool. It's literally so easy.
But yeah, here I'm just, I'm going to need more than that to enter a short. Like I like the zone. You also have this gap up above though. I wonder if this is, I can't tell if this is an up candle or a down candle. It's a down candle right there. I'm just going to refine this a little bit. It's just, this is just not the prettiest price action if you ask me.
So that moves it up to this last body. That's where I'd feel more comfortable. Because, look, you have this fair value gap. I get filled if we go up there. That would be a better entry, in my opinion. The reason I want a short tomo, though, is this move's going to be crazy. This is. You also swept that high right there, tagged it. Or did it tag it, actually? I think I was marking in hopes that it was 6995. Yeah, it did. Tagged it. I mean, dude, you'd be...
I don't know what that was for. Shit. For me, I'd tag that. And then really a nice opportunity. We'll see. I just want to get what I need, though. I'm not going to force it. I'll hooch your echo in just a tad, brother. And also, OTR crypto. I'm glad it's helping, man. We're going to be doing them every day. So that's what I'm going to do here. Instead of just camping and watching grass grow, I'm just going to send an alert. I'll come back to it.
As much as I like candlesticks, I'm trying to find more setups. LRC, you've got alerts set for that. Ape, set alerts. And you know, so many people are FOMO-ing into shorts right here. This is the sus thing with me, is that nor ETH or Bitcoin have gotten what I would want to short them. I mean, if you're using internal structure, I guess, but this just looks like a lit grab to me. But, could be wrong.
Avax is gearing up to be a nice short. If we can come all the way back up here. That's why I'm just being patient. We already caught TRX. There's absolutely no reason to FOMO into stuff and chase things. Let's set alerts on Sol. I think I already did, didn't I? I just can't see it because it's the white alert. Yeah, I did.
This is actually a really nice one. And this is what I like when this happens. If we start to see price on a lot of these majors form good setups. Also, for any of you guys who trade price action, unmute and tell me. I swear to you, Sol and AVAX are the two best charts. They're way better than Bitcoin. Ethereum's better, but Bitcoin is just like, dude.
Bitcoin is just like lately, it's just like, it's not really what I like to trade. What's the price action? Like it was there for a little bit, but it's like when you back test, like when I'm back testing, I'm like, dude, like it's like so inconsistent. It's like, Oh, like this time the internal entry played. Oh, well this time the, you know, um, the set and forget played. It's just so fucking inconsistent that I don't like it. Like for instance, down here, like for a while there, Bitcoin,
The internal, like using the first internal change of character was just not hitting. But if you look down here, I think it was, yeah, if you look down here, it's like, okay, so if you break the first internal structure right here, you could look at it like, okay, we broke internal structure. Then it's like, what did you do? I mean, like, did you set limits at the top of this? I mean, this technically would be an order block. But if you look back other times, like Bitcoin likes to come down here. And also, like, to me, I would not have touched that.
like i just don't i don't like the price action maybe off the second one this would be cleaner but even then for me i want to get that that last bit satisfied that's another kind of confluence to me for this being kind of like a scam pump is because if you look a lot of the times it didn't really give like super healthy structure so like whenever we see um price action
You get these breaks of structure and then you don't mitigate like to me. That's just unhealthy like I think eighth Like before the dump down below the liquidity target. Where was it? Oh also with this new pump to It's just like you didn't really Get that any mitigation You left all sorts of liquidity down below does not seem like it's a healthy trend Where was it?
before i think it was over here yeah here so it was like this like you got that break of structure then people were trying to long right here but to me it's like that doesn't i see it but i don't want to do that you know i mean like i went along from here if anything and prices didn't even i mean it came down almost wicked out it was just unhealthy you know but it looked like if you drew this whole supply zone the pivot zone oh we tapped into it
I haven't even got your one-minute confirmation. Yeah, you got your one-minute confirmation and everything. It's like, oh, this is a long. I mean, if you took profits quickly, it could have been nice. But even this, look. You got your one-minute confirmation, but where the fuck was your entry? If you're playing this first internal structure break, which is right here. Your entry is over here. You got wrecked. So that's why whenever you start this kind of structure...
you know you can everyone looks back in hindsight and you can say oh there was longs and yeah you took them right here but no one did that why would you do that if you're taking the longs off this 15 minute shift in structure you would be targeting here i mean it's like why would you target this unless you're just scalping which is just it doesn't make sense so that when you start to see that that's whenever i'm really um
getting more and more conservative and also not trusting the market what it's trying to tell most people because here it's like everybody's trying to go bull
But the price structure is not acting how it should. You should see a healthy mitigation. You should see a healthy trend forming on the low time frame. Like during these big runs, the low time frame should be a nice trend. And do I mean like a trend line? Not necessarily. I mean, it will form one. But I mean, you want to see orders being satisfied pretty quickly.
And demand being respected or vice versa in a bear market. It's just not. Seeing that you're leaving tons of inefficiencies. That's why it's more and more looking like a scam pump to me. But then at the same time, when you look at Wyckoff, I do know, correct me if I'm wrong, JL, but once you start to get these super protected lows, it's pretty normal to just fucking rocket from them. Like just straight hit the jets.
Yeah, also ETH in the four hours shifted bearish again like Bitcoin hasn't but like I Didn't even notice this till last night. Like here was your old range Down to that low right here. We closed it for our candle So now you're strong high at the ETH is 2174 So I mean now you're continuing a bear trend at these low up levels so I'm like Pretty hesitant to want a long stuff And we all knew this was coming. We're gonna come down and clear out 1700
Thought I'd set these. Oops, not inefficient price action. H4I. And then this is another thing you guys can do too. Like when you're doing TA, go on your weekly. I use weekly and 4-hour. You could do daily too, but I like weekly and 4-hour. Mark your highs and lows, like your swing high and low. It'll kind of just be a reminder like, okay, we're pretty low in this range. I'm probably at a discount. You know what I mean? Or vice versa.
I like to use a Fibonacci on the range and then I just fade it out of a specific setting so it's like really opaque. That's a good idea. On the weekly range, that way I know if I'm on weekly discount or premium. That's a pretty good idea. I forgot you can fade them because the only reason I used to do it and then I was like, fuck. It's literally at like 15 or 16 opacity.
Yeah, I can't do it with more it just crowds us the chart exactly
exactly that's why i i had it before and like but i think everybody it's funny you go from this stage where like you don't really have much in your chart to like fucking laser show back to like well omni is different when we had omni we had to have a laser show but i'm talking about like even like not omni like just like a shitload of you know what i mean like i used to have like fucking probably three dozen levels on bitcoin like but i mean they were hitting but now it's just so calming to look at this or it's just like
There's nothing on my chart except candles, really, boxes. I feel it. I used to have a... I was looking back, like, here, if I go to my secondary chart, we could probably see something. Let's go to, like, one of these shit coins I haven't traded in a while. See, like, maybe, like, HBAR or something. Let's see. Yeah. HBAR was looking good.
I haven't looked at it. I've been like, just wherever, where crypto has been so like rough, I've been like really just focusing on like a select group of coins because a lot of coins just were like not following the price action that I wanted. Like coins that I used to love trading. Like CRV was one of them. And it used to be fire. Like look at this shit. All these, ugh. Holy shit, that looks horrible. How the fuck did I have yellow fibs?
Oh, yeah. You had a different chart. Yeah, no, no, I know. Yeah. Yeah, the stock market's about to break out. GJ, I missed my fucking entry on the long. I'm so pissed. I gotta wait for it to come down. Yeah, I can see a little retracement. Double break the structure to the upside. GJ. Yeah. Gotta look at that.
okay this is like that chart looks better than that it bounced off of a fair value gap on the
Oh yeah, the NASDAQ looks way cleaner than that. This looks actually like semi-bull, but I don't think it'll last if SPY isn't. They did a supply and demand flip right there. Yo, I'll go the 15 minute of the SPX looks like a three drives. It does. And you're about to make your third drive up to optimal trade entry. Yeah, I think you'll retrace back up to that. And here with NASDAQ, I think you'll probably...
maybe even see something like up in here and that might be crazy what's that three drive mean three drive distro yeah it's just like you know it's actually like it's a method by somebody and i have to go look at a whole shit somebody just bought a shit little fucking
Tesla shares. This is another example of that kind of inefficient price action that I don't like to see. 15 minutes, we got that change of character. Never came back down and satisfied that demand. And I know that either, yeah, we came in the fair value gap, but not really. We didn't really happed it. That's not the kind of price action that I look at as sustainable. I look at that as manipulation.
Yeah, there were trades here. Yeah, you know what I'm saying? I don't look at that. It's because elections are coming up midterms. Yeah, everybody wants to long. So the people that are voting are getting out of low.
And then that's their bid. That's them buying it up, the government officials. Yeah, that's actually, that's probably very true. Yeah. That's why I was saying that it's just going up to grab more liquidity to induce those fucking longs so they could just take your lunch money. Yeah. Take it all. Like, see, like, if you look here at the, I mean, really on the four hour of ES and whatever, I mean, you, and Nas, you really got that.
change of care, or I guess really a confirmation of a shift in trend here. You got a four-hour closure above this swing high, but I'm just not convinced by that. But you could look for longs if you were turned back down into these areas. What's fucking waves doing, dude? My answer's on fucking crack, bro. Let's see what's top gainers and top losers. OGN. Holy shit. Oh, yeah, OGN. Oh, yeah. Like, I came up POI. I tried this other day. Oh, yeah.
That's gonna be a nice short. Oh god, yeah, it is. Look at that manipulation of the lows with that fucking round bottom right there. Yeah, I'm actually gonna add this to my...
This is what I've been doing. I've been just cycling my list. I don't know how. I used to just be a fucking maniac. I used to just do TA on all these coins, but I just can't. I just sift through the daily and see how the daily and the four hour... Well, I have four charts up. Weekly, daily, four hour, one hour. Then I just filter through all the coins and add them to the list. Dude, ADA too. Holy shit. Yeah, everything looks like it's priming for a big short.
This is another thing I've been doing. Like I know it's like people don't use, I use, I don't care. Like the way I look at it, like there's supply. You can't tell me there's not supply in this candle. I mean, I know a lot of it was right here, but like I will mark this whole zone, like even the dart or the down candle as my zone. Cause it's part of, you're looking at like a zone. It's on the same thing. I used to be like such a stickler and that'd be like, nope, it's not a bullish candle. Can't be a bearish order box. Actually, wait, I need to turn this over a little bit.
I'm going to add Kaba as well. Somebody said Sushi earlier. Okay, so Sushi, we got on it and I got off track. We're at a four-hour break or so. Definitely have a possible setup for me here. Same with everything else, though. I'm just going to wait until I get that change of character. I'm going to run out of alerts. I'm about to just buy the premium again. I don't know why. I was like, why do I have this premium? I don't even use half this shit. And as soon as I did that and switched, I'm like, need premium again.
Yeah, also for the guys on YouTube and here in Discord, if you guys want any coin to do TA on, just throw them out there. At this point, I'm really just waiting for setups to develop. So I'm not like forcing much right now. It's not like I'm really needing to watch charts like a hawk. Did I add OGN? Yeah, I need to add also sushi. This is probably where I'll cut it. OGN. Oh, yeah. Equal lows down here. Oh, yeah.
Wait, I need to market the different one. Ape, 6.4 for longs. I'll just go ahead and tell you no. Oh, wait. Well, maybe 6.4. I'm sorry. I'm pretty biased right now. I'm not longing it much right now.
6.4? No. I mean, I see it. Now, when I say no, that does not mean that I'm saying it's not going to work. That's meaning you're asking me, do I like it? I don't like that. For one, you just smack through that thing. Probably this was your real demand down here. You have that rally-based rally on a high time frame. This was your sell to buy. But if you take these, first of all, you should already have trimmed heavily. I see it, but at the same time, I wouldn't have had an entry here.
yeah you broke it's like you broke this where is your entry one of these candles let's stop down here i mean you have it but it's like you know what did it look like like maybe like this
where am I taking profits? I'm taking most of them. I'm going to be right up here. So it's like, that's not a great trade to me. Like I see it, but if you're asking me if I like it, I wouldn't take it. You could maybe try to take the rest up here. Then it would be decent three to one, but even then it's not good. You have so much profit targets you should be hitting before that. You're also like, you always got to keep in mind the high timeframes. Like you're literally like,
you know, at a local top, you just filled a four hour inefficiency. You came into supply. You've shifted to a bearish structure on the 15 minute. I just don't see the long, like to take it. I don't see it enough for me to take it, but I hope that makes sense. I don't want to confuse it. Cause a lot of times I might say like, okay.
No, I don't see it. Am I saying it's not going to work? No, I'm not saying that. I see it. Here's your demand. Price comes into it. You're long. But it's deeper than that because you want to be aware of the bigger picture. Right now, I see us as in four-hour supply zone. We've got a break of structure to the downside, confirming the 15-minute shift bearish. So now I'm waiting for a price to come up here to short. But depending on your style, you can try to play as long as up there. I just don't see it as worth it.
Okay, someone. Yeah, for sure. I'm looking at Aave on the 4-hour right now, and I don't know. Is that a resistance support flip right there? Yeah, it looks like on the 4-hour. Yeah, I was looking at this last night, actually. Oh, I did get a closure up here. Yeah, so Aave looks stronger than most charts, but at the same time, this doesn't look.
super sustainable it's like waves you know we did get a four-hour closure above this area so you know but this is not where you long because like yeah you could look at it like i guess a breaker but i don't that's not how i would personally look at it like a breaker would be like down here it was like
It was supposed to be supply, and then you saw a reaction, and then it fell like this. You didn't really even see a reaction as much. So it might be going for some kind of supply above. But at this point, I would be looking for a retracement, regardless if I'm bullish or bearish. I wouldn't be logging anywhere up here. If I'm looking at it from a swing structure, and my bias is bull because we broke that, I'm looking at POIs and a discount.
to look at longs. Look at that. We feel all these inefficiencies and you have demand down here. This is where I would begin to look for longs. And these aren't even really your optimal entries.
And that's also based upon the fact that I'm much more conservative right now with my longs because of, you know, yes, this trade is, this trend is full on the four hour now. If you, you know, use that confirmation as that closure above this level, but regardless, I'm looking for a retracement. So even if I'm in a long here, I'm going to wait until we get into a discount.
Now, there will probably be longs along the way, scalps and stuff. And you can maybe even try to shore it down to this area. But it's going to be choppy. Not going to be the kind of price action I want to trade, especially when there's a lot of other setups that are currently presenting themselves. Somebody asked for ocean. Let's do it from the top down. I'll just say this is how I would do this. I haven't done TA in ocean in a while. So I'm going to look, first of all, our weekly swing structure. Okay, so.
This is your low. Really, a lot of these shit coins, you have a huge, huge range. Because that's really your swing structure for me. But I'll still mark it. It's kind of redundant. Let's go on a heather chart and see if it's different. That's still really the same. That's your weekly swing structure. We can mark out any weekly POIs.
I'm going to leave this because I might refine it. If I mark it to my weekly template, it'll mark it out. But I'm not really interested in anything up here. Not yet, at least. I have no reason to be. So let's go to the daily now. See the daily supply really probably kicked in. I'd say right here. This is more mitigation. Kind of tapped back into that already. This is where you can see the point of interest. You've got that.
Daily supply that's untapped, but you know, do I see that getting tapped anytime soon? Not not really You've also got I wouldn't even really worry about this zone personally You got some fair value gaps you can mark I refine it later These are good zones. I would start looking up crypto would go bull again So our four-hour if you notice that we've got a fair value gap right at our strong high on the four-hour
And the reason why I say sus is just because I could see a liquidity grab occur there. Like price, you know, fake everybody out, think we're breaking out, and it really doesn't. Your four-hour low is the same as your weekly low. So I'm not going to mark it. But, you know, this big zone of supply, we haven't refined it yet. I don't see a reason to just yet. You all said this is a breaker. You could just use the breaker right now. Price came up to the breaker.
It's just supply as well, but this is a breaker specifically. You also got a lot of supply in this wick probably, this inside bar, because there was displacement after it. But it was filled by this candle, so that's another thing. So we look, okay, fair value gap's now been filled.
So, you know, we look at it like, well, we're in a bearish market on the weekly and the four hour. Do we have displacement or like inefficiencies above? Yeah, but I have no reason to believe we're going up here because why? Did you say that gap got filled? This right here did.
Oh, okay. I see it now. Yep. Yeah. So the way I look at this, we're in a bear market at four hour. We have a strong high up here. A lot of money came in at this high or in this zone. So this high is going to be protected or we have to assume it is. It might get broken. Sure. But until it gets broken with a closure, I'm bearish in the four hour. So that's going to be my overall. I have to mute your risk taker. That's going to be my overall bias is bear. So on top of that.
I just draw a quick fib. Okay. We came right into optimal trade entry at the breaker. Okay. So now I'm like, maybe this is not really a good pump. If you look here, first of all, this is not a cleanest price action, but change of character. So you could say, okay, well, I'm going to look probably from up here.
So here's your 15-minute POI. I'm probably not going to trade this just because I don't really like the way Ocean trades recently. It's just I don't want to trade lower caps just because the price action looks like this. But at this point, what I would look for, and what I'm assuming is going to happen, we always are just assuming because we're just going with our bias, going with what the chart's telling us, I would see price eventually come back here.
and break down again, then do the same thing again. And that's where you're starting to form that bearish order flow. Because we've established we're bearish in the four hour, right? We're bearish in the weekly. We're in a four hour supply zone. The 15 minutes bearish. So I'm bearish. GMT or ENS is the next one. Same thing weekly. There's not gonna be much here. Let's see if there's a chart. It's about the same. ENS was like an obvious.
I wouldn't say Ponzi, but it's like the devs are going to dump on you. I mean, if any of you guys know what this is, it's like the .eth usernames. Everybody who had a .eth username got airdropped this. Actually, I would use this. Yeah, I'd use that as your weekly. I don't know. But everybody who had a .eth name before.
I think it was October of last year. Whenever it was. Before a certain date, they got airdropped this. Anytime that happens, it's going to absolutely fucking collapse. Everyone's just going to sell their profit that they got for free. Usually, they'll pump up to it. I know that you guys caught a lot of that. Usually, you will get that initial move up.
Oh, wow, this played out beautifully. We marked this forever ago. I think Johnny actually was the one who asked me to mark this. Beautiful. I'll leave that, actually. I just don't like the way I used to annotate stuff. But here on the 4-hour, we've got our weekly high and low. So, yeah, you're in a discount on the weekly. Got this in efficiency. I feel like the daily will look at it.
Daily is looking pretty rough. This is end up going to be a four-hour supply zone. We'll just mark it right there. It didn't really get a break of structure to the downside yet, so it's not really a strong zone for me on the daily. You are also under a lot of lows, but you closed under them, so this doesn't really look like a liquidity grab to me. I think down here, you could say you're beginning that pullback.
The daily range and the weekly is the same. But with crypto, I don't like using daily ranges because it's just too much a lot of the time. I mean, I keep them nine, but four hours would preferably use for swing structure for my high time frame. So then, like I said, that daily order block is going to be a four hour zone. And we can refine it a little bit now because we know we've came up in here.
So we came up. Looks like we satisfied some orders here because we did what? You saw these breaks of internal structure. A lot of selling came to market displacement. So you can say there was a lot of orders were satisfied there. Maybe not all, but we can say a lot were. So now we look over here. Last up candle before the down move. Now I've got more four hours to fly. And this is just bearish order flow. That's all we're seeing. So you have that. Move up into...
Four hour supply. Seems like orders are satisfied. Pushed up, break, structure to the downside. Internal structure, not swing. Then what? Come back up. Four hour supply. Nearly fill the inefficiency. Almost all the way. Let's see what happens. 15 minute. Change of character. Scores your swing. Like this was a swing pullback for me. That's enough for me. Break, structure to the downside. So then you have, you know, where is your supply at? For me, it's going to be up here.
I actually might add this to my list because this is a little cleaner than most. I'd also mark this zone right here. Oops, wrong tool. You really mark all these because they're all in premium. So I'd mark all of these. I'd wait for confirmation on each one of them. Actually, I'd probably either want this one or this one because this one seems like it's been satisfied. And I'll be watching it if it comes here anyway. So I'll go ahead and just set an alert.
right there also you see a lot of inefficiencies would be filled so um not a flip actually it kind of is a flip doesn't it yeah i actually like this zone because it did flip that demand over here it blasted through it so i'd watch this zone right there set an alert probably gonna run out of alerts soon
So he said, what type of price action do you look for when it returns to supply zones on these low time frame that give me a good confirmation? This right here, what we're looking at. So we see our swing structure is bullish at first, pulling up into the zone. Obviously, we're making higher highs. This is kind of chalk. I don't know how you would map it. I mean, we'll try. We'll see. We'll just say this is your swing low.
I guess this would be your pullback here. It can higher highs, higher lows. Until what? Until you're not. Every trend comes to an end. So now we have came into a four-hour point of interest. The four hour is bearish. The weekly is bearish. We failed with inefficiency almost. And we've shifted to a bearish price structure. So this is where you have enough confluences. We've swept liquidity. We've absorbed supply.
And we've changed market structure. So now this is where we look. And wait for short entries. I'm going to add this. Thanks. Go money. Because ENS moves freaking crazy. And a lot of these, using this, if you're getting the first entries up here, I'm going to be trimming out heavily, but I'll target the bottom. GMT.
That was funny about GMT. I was actually looking at GMT from like a kind of bullish perspective. I know that sounds ridiculous, but just hear me out here for any of you guys that are in here. Actually, JL, are you still here? I want you to look at this too. Wyckoff God. So tell me, okay, this, I like this, like this was an accumulation down here on the lower timeframes. I mean, obviously the Senate's like railing like this, maybe not this whole zone. I was admin and I was down to like this zone.
Maybe it was this whole zone.
But I see that as an accumulation. I think I actually minimized it to a demand zone. But this I see as like a reaccumulation. Because you had that distro into Accum. And then you expanded from there. Then you saw another accumulation up here. Yeah. And you came up into distro. And then now it looks like we're coming back. We have this pretty... I'd say this was distribution. It was just dump. I guess this was mainly because of that news. Which I don't see even real.
which that was where it started to pique my interest because the news isn't real, like apparently. I don't want to say it's not. For those of you watching that don't know what I'm talking about, apparently they said China arrested the CEO of GMT. I've heard it's not true. I've only saw it in like one tweet. We came back down to this zone and that demand that that accumulation form was unsatisfied, and you saw a huge fucking reaction. Now, it didn't really break for our swing structure or anything.
So that was the only bad part about it I didn't like. You broke internal structure. But what do you think about that? I don't think it's giving us any kind of setup yet. It almost looks like this looks like a fractal zone of this right here. But what do you think about that, JL? Do you think that holds any relevance? What's the volume say? BSA, baby. BSA. What do you mean? Yeah. Okay, I didn't know if you wanted to tell you. I can also draw like a... Look at that volume.
You could do this as well. Couldn't you like the fixed range? You'd want to do like from the bottom of this accumulation. I'm looking at that area with that institutional candle. Highest volume.
out of the entire... Yeah, that's right here. It's life. You know what I'm saying? I don't know. I'm pretty bearish on crypto. It actually looks like it might be accumulating, though. That's what I'm saying. The price is going up, so there's a divergence. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. GMT, bro. Isn't that fucking weird? That's why I was looking at this and I was like, okay, I'm not going to be biased because this is a fancy Ponzi, but it's like...
I could see a long bias starting to build. That's why I wanted to see what you said, JL. And then you got that double break of structure to the upside. I'd be looking for retracement first, but I would be looking for longs around here. Maybe down lower, but I'd wait. Confirmation. It's just funny, the one coin that I'm looking for longs, I'm like, it's fucking GMT. And then BNX or some shit I looked at the other day.
Yeah, in the one hour, it looks good. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like, fuck, bro. I mean, it's got, literally, it's got double break of structure. I like how it satisfied this down here. This is the kind of healthy structure I see. Break of structure comes down. Bam, satisfies demand. Break of structure. Now we're just waiting for that pullback. I mean, you could get in right there at that fair value gap under a dollar. Yeah, like right here. That's where that alert is at. If it decides to trade efficiently.
like i'm not gonna be biased like i'll take longs when it comes there order block right above it yeah that's a good trade you know what i'm saying like it's just funny to me that it's fucking gmt that candle that fair value gap candle has a lot of eyesight volume yeah so that's why i like it
you could even look over here too really because if you look but the thing is for me i mean actually i don't know the more i look this i would like this because if you look this is really the demand that flipped supply over here this i guess you could say this did that's why i got it charted because it did push through it but it you could see it liquid down so i'd actually like it because it has the most buy volume so i feel like the whole that whole move up that broke structure the second time
that was going to mitigate that wick. Yeah, exactly. And it took a lot of money to do that. There's a shitload of volume here in this candle too. Isn't that just us, bro? I just kind of want to long it when it comes down here. Bro, Facebook just fucking tripping, bro. It was supposed to be a long. It's not doing anything.
I have an alert for silver, and I'm going to delete FTM. The stock market's just in a range. All right, I've officially got 20 alerts set. But yeah, GMT, though, for whoever asked. I mean, this is what I'm looking at. I mean, it might be unpopular opinion, but I would be looking for longs. Why do I have this? Oh, that's a fair value gap.
I'd be looking for longs at both of these levels, preferably the lower one. Let's see which one, because that's another thing too. When I look at this major price move, they're both in discount. So if you're extremely bullish here, you might see a nice reaction there, but this is more in that optimal trade entry. What's the fucking Bitcoin doing? Looks like this might have been. Liquidity raid. It's not really showing signs of much strength just yet, but that can change.
Yeah, for me, let's see what Tomo did. Aw, you bitch. Might have another entry, let's see. For some of these shitcoins, I want to wait until we get more, um, this was, there was a nice entry here. Broke there, should have just camped on it. That's not really seeing heavy displacement from it.
The markets are also kind of fucked up right now because of quantitative tightening. I forgot about that. What is that? The Fed is selling off their assets.
Instead of buying, they're selling back into the stock market. So they're going to be selling $1 trillion worth of equities into the market. Nice. But it's going to be slow. It's going to be $30 billion at a time. Jesus. Fun fact. Are they selling it like OTC or just like public? Bonds and OTC. Bonds, yeah. So you're going to see, yeah, it's fucking nuts.
Am I going to play short today? Come on. It's just a range. It's so terrible. Yeah, everything's pretty boring right now. I think we're going to get some really good setups here soon. That's why I'm just kind of chilling. I like Tomo. I mean, this looks like a decent trade, like down to like, I mean, it's just sus. I don't like this that we're not getting that violent price action you want to see. You could have taken a trade here or here.
One thing I've learned too with a lot of these shit coins, these flip zones on the one minute, you end up getting stop rated on them a lot. It's almost better just to play the first. I've backtested a lot, and it's almost always better to play the first. Sometimes the second one really works nice with larger cups, but a lot of the lower cap coins, you'll get wicked out. Because really here, your stop's supposed to be above the zone. They work sometimes.
I've just done a lot more time backtesting recently. On TD Ameritrade, when I go back and I test stuff, so like if I'm doing backtesting, what's cool about the TD Ameritrade broker is that they, when you do the playback, it's not like TradingView where it fills the full candle. Like if you're looking at one hour candles, it'll take a full hour to fill the candle. Oh, that's fucking awesome. So you get to Figo.
What it feels like when you're going to enter a trade, you get that emotion because it's like, it's not just like print. Right. Yeah. Hindsight on trading is just like fucking like an instant gratification.
Oh, yeah. And Biden has a meeting today. I forgot. Oh, yeah. He's meeting with the president. First time since. With president of who? The last time we met was before Biden was the president. With president of China? United. No, U.S. Oh, wait. So Jerome Powell and Biden. Oh, I thought you said Biden was meeting with the president. I was like, wait, what president? I thought Biden was meeting with himself. That's what I was like. Wait, what? No, Jerome Powell.
Sorry. I thought I had it. They don't talk about taxes and interest rates and shit. So that's also why the market's not moving. Yeah. I'm literally watching nine charts and there's nothing. Crypto, Forex, stocks, nothing. Nice spike off the flip zone. I will say that in volume.
and see just because like here's the thing with a lot of these trades like say if this right here was way lower i would maybe even look for an entry here because that was like on trx um the first tx everybody was like it was literally had moved like 0.2 and everyone was like no fuck we missed it and i'm like dog like you didn't miss it like just i mean like if you want to take it that bad just take the trade with the same stop loss and size your position like you can take a trade from any like you know you're just gonna have a way less um
of a risk to reward which sometimes you know for some of you it should talk you out of getting out of the trade you know what i mean but that's all personal you know so like here it's like the wrist reward's not bad i'm just not feeling it yet i just don't i don't know some of my bones is telling me not to take it so i'm gonna wait let's see how we react to this candle up here i might take a little scalp depending on if we can get another breakdown or just a lot of volume
The risk reward is still not bad here. This is a good example of how much the risk reward can change that fast. Just that little tiny move can break your trade if you have a strict policy on what you take. I'm not going to take something preferably that's not at least on the better side of 4-5R. Yeah, it's just going to go.
So I got that liquidity. We could wait. So what you can do is once you get this, okay, here's your second confirmation. This is now where it's like we're really confirming that we're in a bearish M15 market. You can wait until we come up here to this supply. What is this here? Oh, it says lines. Oh, it never hit the flip. That's why we didn't get notified. It didn't. Oh, wait. How the fuck did an RLR go off? I don't know. Whatever.
But yeah, once we get back up into this POI, then you can, you know, once that supply is getting satisfied again, you can maybe take a trade there. It's always nice to study price action, just see how stuff reacts real time. Not always just have money in it. You don't always have to have money in something to learn. Actually, if I had to guess, it might come up into this level. Fill that fair value gap, sweep these highs. It's going to do...
If it does that, we'll probably see a nice reversal off this. But like I said, I'm not going to take it. I'm just going to chill on it. See how it reacts. And if it doesn't react there, it'll show that this liquidity, because it's another thing you've got to watch out for. Say if it doesn't react there, you can say, okay, we came down into this demand. Ah, it didn't tap it. Yeah, kind of this demand and also this fair value gap. That's why I'm playing Fortnite. Or Apex, yeah.
Sir trades a lot, bro. You better win. So I'm looking at XMR, too. I'm looking at – I'm on a 30-minute chart, and I see an inefficiency around 198 – or wait, hold on. 196 to 198. You see that inefficiency right there?
The one we just filled? Or wait. Oh, you mean to the upside. I'm sorry. I was looking at the four hour. This right here.
Yeah, I see it. Yeah. I'm watching that area to see if I can try and find it. Kind of short? Yeah. I see it, but personally, the only reason I wouldn't do it is because when you look at your swing, you're heavily in discount. Heavily in discount? Okay. Now, is that a deal breaker for you? Maybe not. For me, it is, personally.
I've seen trade setups here. If you do take it, take progress aggressively if it does work out. It's all about maybe the price swing isn't done and we do this. Oh, now you're not in discount. You see what I'm saying? Now this card block might be your point of interest. That's why we just let stuff develop. I've got to remember that. The whole premium discount thing.
but yeah that's that's like so you got like your checklist like for me checklist is number one market structure and number two premium discount which i guess kind of is the same thing in a way is it in the zone of supply or is it in an area of liquidity if i don't have two of those three things i'm not touching it and then also of course your main determining factor is the high time frames like what are the high time frames telling you because like for instance you can have this kind of price action
You know, say if, I don't know, say if you had all this and we had no supply we're in, like, this means nothing to me if we're not in supply. Or maybe above an old high. Or a fair value gap. So all, everything comes together. Fucking waves, man. Close range. That shit is, like, up at the bike. Let's see what Tombo does. Reacted to that zone pretty nicely.
Maybe we should have took it. Who knows? But I just want to see how it plays out. I haven't traded Timono in quite a while. I think it's been a couple weeks. And I wasn't using the one minute. I was using the 15 minute.
The main reason why I don't like it is because if we were watching here, I probably would have taken it because the risk would have been better. But in here, it's still good to the final target for sure, but you've got quite a few areas where I'd want to trim. There's a fair value gap here. Now you've got a new low here. You've got a stone of demand. You've got a fair value gap here. Equal lows here. So you see what I mean? It could all get cleared out, but we'll just see how it reacts.
Hopefully one of you guys maybe de-genned in. I don't know. I always get scared when I'm on fucking... How would I determine TP levels on trades based like Tomo? Well, for one, I'm getting the trade from the 15-minute. So my final target... I mean, theoretically, if you wanted to be like a super... If you think this is the top for Tomo... Remember, we got a four-hour. We're at a four-hour supply. We're at the top of this little leg in price we had. You could target this low down here.
You know, really this low down here because they failed to make new highs up here. They didn't make new strong highs. But really this low would be, you know, a major zone. And then also four-hour inefficiencies, these fair value gaps. The main target for this trade is going to be, would be like this zone right here. If you wanted to be, you know, a little more eyes for trades. Sorry, bud.
Yeah, this would be just swing structure. It's going to be lows. And then also in the high time frames, I'll use inefficiencies, demand zones. What was it? 6, 4, 5, 4 is what we're going to use. Or was it this zone? It was just 6, 4, 5, 7. So let's just see how it would have played out. Oh, hell yeah. Thank you, baby. My girl got me some fruit. She got me right. I swear I'm like, when I wake up, I literally just wake up and just like chug a shitload of water. I usually don't even eat until like lunch.
Unless my girl brings me something. I'm like, wait, I probably should eat something. Let's check on TRX. Let's go over TRX so you guys can kind of see real-time. Not real-time, I'm sorry. In hindsight, why we took this. I kind of touched on it earlier, but we'll start from the top. For one...
We have on the four hour here, you had a shift in structure here because here was your swing structure. You made a new high, low, high. What happened? Shifted bare right there. That was your four hour break of structure.
To give me a bearish narrative. So now I'm in a bear market. I'm in a bear mentality. Now, does that mean you short here? Absolutely fucking not. This is where you expect. Where do we expect a pullback to? Supply zones that sent us to this low. Preferably in premium. So what happened? Price came up. In a heavy premium.
This is a daily order block, too. We'll go to the daily just so you can see. Very clean. Actually, no, no, I think I refined it. This was a daily order block, and I refined it to that four-hour zone. I need to actually mark this. So then I marked this inside bar. Now, could we have gone even farther and found, and you can do this if you want. This is all on your style. So I can go in here on the 15-minute, and I could have said, oh, shit, okay, where's the unsatisfied area? Right through that pivot zone. I guarantee this is probably where it hit.
Fast forward. Yep. Filled it completely. Look at that. Perfect. So you can refine these zones, you know, however you'd like. We'll just leave it like that. So we came and filled that. We satisfied all supply. Didn't break it. Now, what do we see right after it? I mean, this just goes back to where we're at right now in the market. Change of character.
Price came up into that supply and this is why I like waiting for this because look back here Everybody was like, you know, including me. I would have been like, oh, is it this on this on this zone? And you got here. I already got short Stop to break you or for a loss if you didn't break even your stops because you might not even have Right, you probably even got a confirmation. Let's see if you did This is why selecting your supply and demand zones is pretty important. Yes. So here look at this
One minute, you got your change, you got your, here's your breakup structure right here.
I mean, actually, it was swing structure, but I would use internal in one minute. Here you've got this. Okay, supply. You could have said here or this wick, whichever one. It doesn't really matter because your entry got filled, started to move. You were excited. You know, you didn't hit any targets. You didn't even hit the second. You didn't hit this. So, like, you just got stopped. You didn't even get a stop break even there. And if you break even your stops there, it's because you're just scared. I mean, I'm not saying it was the wrong decision because obviously it moved up, but I won't break even my stops that quick. It's pointless to me.
Whenever you break even stops, you're basically saying, theoretically, let's just say if price came and did what it was supposed to do from here, broke this high, or I mean this low, where is it going to come back to? It's going to come back to supply at your entry. So you're going to get that baby move, and then price is just literally going to come stop you out, doing what it's supposed to do. So that's why you don't want to just break even your stops for no reason.
Anyways, early shorts got liquidated or stopped out. For those of you, whenever I say liquidated, I don't mean their accounts got liquidated. It means, like, when you see these, like, rect things, you know what I mean? You don't have to, like, think those are people getting actually liquidated. It's just positions getting liquidated. Like, on the Glassnode or Glassdoor, when they say, like, 800 million rect or whatever.
That's just positions. But anyways, price came back up. We finally got that full, healthy satisfaction of supply. So newest supply was introduced to the market here and here, really. But if you look here, if we go on the low time frames, it was getting satisfied. You see this inside bar. There was supply there. It caused that little first break of structure internally. It was satisfied. We had another right here, inside bar. That's where your new supply introduction is. So now we have a new area of supply.
Price comes down. Gets that break of structure. So now we're really confirming. We close there. We're like, okay, this is shifting bearish. You know, the four-hour zone is up here. We refined it. But, you know, 15 minutes now, double shifted bearish. So now it's like, okay, you know, let's...
revisit price once it comes here now everybody was getting scared here oh it's short you know now i mean i traded a couple times but noticed my profit targets were very like very aggressive i i didn't think i thought we were going to come up here
but even here people got an early shorts right here and because it's that it does matter once you're if you if because you could you could have drawn your supply zone as this not understanding supply you could have said this is my supply zone and not while not understanding how important those inside bars are because that's the range that actually sent us down because for supply to form a range has to form whether it's on the low time frames or the high time frames a range has to form um in some manner
in order to introduce supply. Because all this expansion is, is when the supply outweighed the demand in this range. There was an inefficiency between supply and demand, so price rushed to meet that inefficiency. So once there's an over amount of supply, it's going to go to where there's equilibrium. And then that's how you get a range. And then it all happens over and over again. That's all price action is. Somebody said, why is the...
B story discord linked up. I don't know what B it's the play bet. You mean, that's just the discord that we all trade in for Shingami gamer. That's the discord that I give signals and stuff and much more to do a lot of stuff. Everybody drop a comment on YouTube and let them know about play that.
But yeah, so here you could have came back into this supply and you got that change of character here. But you got faked out and your stops ran. Why? Because your supply zone creation was incorrect. And everything has to be that correct. It's calculated. Look, notice inside bar. That was your supply in here. Came up, satisfied it. Bam. What was not satisfied? This zone. This zone really already been tapped into here.
So that's why we waited. Now there are short opportunities and long opportunities throughout here, tons, right? But we're trying to wait for that bigger move. So we waited. Price did finally come back up into this zone. So that's when we scale into our lower timeframes to find an entry. Or, you know, maybe if you trade, you could have just taken a trade like this. You could have just taken this right there. The risk reward would have been a third, but.
for taking it and also in my opinion the 15 minute honestly it does work great for some cryptos but you don't really know that your zone's gonna you don't know that price is reacting to your zone you know what i mean but um here
once price came up in this, so I'm on the 15 minute zone right here. So I'm going to use, I'm not going to wait for a 15 minute change of character here. Why? Because we've already got that. We've already got it twice. We already know where 15 minutes bearish. You don't have to wait again for it to go bearish again. Cause like to go get another confirmation, you're breaking down here, like closing under this low. So you don't have to wait for all that. The trade's already done at that point. So we're going to go to one minute at that point. So then what do we look for? It's the same thing.
Same exact thing, but internal structure. So here, you know, your first entry, and I was actually out of the house right here when this happened. So your first entry was that. It broke down. Look at that. Broke that internal structure. Now this isn't a swing, I know, but you broke internal structure. Supply that sent you there. Price returns to it, bam. Then what happens? Then you look for that demand that sent you to that supply. Where is it? Right here. Oh, look at that. What supply sent you down from there? Bam, right there.
And this comes like how we're talking about these other levels. See how this was like not really in a heavy premium? I mean, it was. It was at OTE, but it wasn't like, you know, you could have said, I'm going to wait for up here. But a lot of times the flip zones, they'll be a little more down because you see price come down. It reacts to the demand. And then you have to have new introduction of supply to break said demand. Supply and efficiency takes over. We break. This is your flip zone. Relabel this.
So then you have a flip. So now we can really confirm the supply has flipped demand again. Now we're bearish in the one minute. We're bearish in the 15 minute. Now it's just time for execution. So I saw two zones here. Price came up into this one. I was literally watching. This is when we signaled. We got in right here. I moved it on the 15 minute, so it's going to be fucked up now. It was 8, 3, yeah, 3, 5, 4.
So we saw a rush up. We could have waited for here. Maybe should have. You would have got a way better risk to reward. But I was happy with the price action here. You know, I knew where my level was invalidated. If we break above this over here, it was invalidated for me. Very easy. And like then it moved down. I think to like here. I'm sitting right here and people didn't want to. I know that was a different trade. That was another one. That was a TRX that got stopped out yesterday. And that's another thing. We traded TRX yesterday and got stopped out.
Why? It just wasn't ready. And that's okay. It's totally funny to get stopped out. We lost a percent on that trade. Some guys moved to breakeven. You're up. You should be up, I think, 4.75% off this trade if you trimmed how I said. I said trimmed 25% at the first take profit. What does that do? That covers our fees and makes, if we get stopped out, it's a breakeven trade. But you've gained 1%. We didn't get stopped out. So you gained 1% there. Then we come down here.
And we've taken 25% off. This was a 10R. So if you have a 1% risk tolerance, you risked 1% here. You made 10% here. But we already had taken 25% off. So then you'd be up 7.5%. And we took 50% of that. So that's 3.75%. And we took 1% here, 3.75%. You're up 4.75% of your entire portfolio off this move. And it's still running.
It's totally fine to take a loss every once in a while. People trip out. You can tell people that are not risking properly. Or if they are risking properly and they're tripping out like that over a loss, maybe this isn't for you. And I'm not trying to be a dick. You need to reassess where your mind's at. Because you have to have a very efficient way of handling both wins and losses in order to be successful long term. If you don't handle both of those correctly,
then you will not be successful in the long term. You'll be a pump and dump trader and you'll either lose a lot of money or lose a lot of sleep or both, probably both. But it's really important to understand your buy. And once you develop, if you can get, refine and refine and refine when it comes to your strategy, because the more you have a specific framework for what it requires for you to get into a trade, the less you think.
the more you have a specific framework for you to get out of a trade, the less you think. Because remember, as soon as money is involved, as soon as this happens, as soon as you're in,
You're thinking differently. And people always say, oh, yeah, dude. Yeah, you always know. Be a good trader. You have no emotion. You got to be emotionless. And that's literally bullshit. I'm sorry. Maybe some of you disagree with me. I think that's bullshit. Do I have emotion when I'm in a trade? Definitely. But do I act off of it? No, because I am.
I know what I'm doing. I know what I need to get out. I know everything is set up for me. I don't have to question it and say, should I sell here? I just know exactly what needs to happen in order for me to execute. It takes all the thought out of it. Let's see here. I'm going to wait for confirmation of this. I bet Telmo came back up to where its entry was. My God.
I don't know why the TA doesn't sink. Yeah, look at that. See, that's why I didn't like that trade. Because look, there's so much liquidity down below. Maybe it still plays out, but that's why I didn't like it. Because we had this down here. We'd filled that. We tapped in demand. Look at that. It might dump from here, but that's why I didn't like the trade. So that's why it's not always mandatory to take a trade. And yes, you got confirmation. It still might play out, but...
You know, if it breaks above this stop loss or really that wick, to me, the trade wouldn't be that good. It would not be good anymore. So that's why it's good to follow your instincts and understand everything around you.
And just, you know, you don't want to just be looking at your entry. Be looking below. Like I said before, know what's going to cause you to get out of a trade. If I'm entering up to one minute, I'm usually getting targets, at least some, off the one minute. And I don't want to target before I hit at least 3R. I don't like that. Because then, you know, you're hitting targets where you should be trimming, but we're not where I want to trim yet. I don't want to trim to like 4R most of the time.
and there's always another trade too that's another thing like you forget too that like
I miss trades all the time that suck. The ones that really suck are when you had a limit set and you still miss it, but it's okay. There's going to be another day. You might not find another trade today. You might miss the trade that you've been waiting there all fucking day on. That shit will put you in a bad mood, sure, but the more familiar you get with that feeling and aware of it and not reacting to it, the better a trader you're going to become.
That sounds redundant. Like, oh, how are you a better trader by missing profits? I get it. It doesn't make sense, but it does. Once you do it and ask anybody to do this a while, they'll tell you the same thing. Damn, do you know how many times it takes for me to get into a trade? How many fucking losses until I get that one that sticks and it's like 1 to 67 RR? Exactly. That's what I'm saying. I just don't sit there and flop my P&L because...
I'm going to fucking, I don't know if I'm going to win the next trade, you know? Yeah. I can't let it get to me. Exactly. No, like, cause it's like, bro, like, I mean, if you're trading like, you know, 10 or 20 yards, like, did you think about like, you could literally lose five, six trades in a row before, um, it smacks. Yeah. And then it's like, most people though are going to get psyched out and they're going to go into that fucking, that goddamn cycle of death, which is like,
They they take trades that they have the right bias and they take a little bit of a loss and either they were over leveraged, over positioned or just not experienced. And then they get psyched out. So they take a trade that was the TA was right, but maybe their entry was wrong. Something was wrong. You get stopped out. They might even take a second or third and that happens again and again. And then they're like, damn, fuck, man, I have no idea what I'm doing. And then the trades that they would have taken.
the ones they wanted to take but were scared to, played out and would have covered their losses. And then they get back in and try to trade at the wrong time because they're pissed off. And they lose again. And they continue that cycle. Damn. GJ broke out. And Bitcoin's breaking out. Perfect. GMT don't want the smoke. Bro, doesn't that charge just interest you? I want Bitcoin to make a new high.
I want this swing structure to shift up to where this is the low and this is the high. That would be ideal. It's going to be a good week, man. We got Flo. We got Glacier Boy. We got you again on Friday. Tomorrow, too. And Thursday. And Thursday. Yeah, every day for me.
But yeah, the events, I'm glad we started doing that. I think it's going to add a lot of value and also give a lot of different perspectives and help people learn. Because the reason that I wanted to start doing this again was because, like I said before, I think I said the other day in stream, the way that the OGs here in Playbit learned the most and also got a lot of the community building side of things was through the voice chat and through people actually talking, which I know I've been doing three weekly streams for...
you know god knows how long now like a year but um it's just like a very long time yeah you know what i'm saying it's like
They're cool, and I know they help you guys, but most of the time people don't talk because it's this set, very formal Casper stream. I never want people to feel like they don't. I want people to talk. Now do I want people to railroad me in the middle of my sentence? Of course not, but I want people to talk. I always do.
I think that's going to be able to give a new dynamic to the group that it hasn't had in a while. So I'm glad we're doing it for sure. Also, I guarantee there was probably a nice ICT setup here on Bitcoin that I don't know why I didn't really look for. I haven't really been playing that as much. Bitcoin is honestly the point. I don't even like trading anymore.
I guarantee there was a nice one here. Of course, you didn't even get filled. So I've heard a lot about the word fractal, and I'm like, what does that mean? So, for instance, the low timeframes make up the high timeframes. So I'm on a four-hour here. If I go over, let's use an unmarked chart. That's what I usually teach people. Now, if I look here on...
Let's find one of these inside bars. So, for instance, Bitcoin's price action is such dog shit. Did I want to look at it? Hold on. Use URUSD. So, for instance, here, an inside bar is a good example. Now, these inside bars, what are they? All it is is a candle that didn't break the previous candles low or high. So, what would that make that on a low time frame? It's going to be a range, just a trading range. So, if we mark that candle.
I go to a 15 minute. It's going to take a second because I went back really far. You're going to have some form of range here. See, like now you look, you got a nice little range here. Now that's one way of looking at it. But now you can use this. So say if you have an inside bar near a supply zone, maybe like here, you could say that that range was where supply was introduced to the market. Like here, you could refine this to this.
Because that's really where the supply was introduced. It wasn't all in this candle. Now, if you look, another thing too, a lot of people use these institutional candles and they'll use Equilibrium. But look, Equilibrium's that inside bar. But that's one way. There's also like buy to sell wicks.
I'm kind of getting on a little bit of a tangent. Really, fractal. All fractal means is the lower time frames make up the higher time frames. That's all it really means. Okay. Yeah. It's like, for instance, trying to find a good little area here. I don't know if I look there. Something like this.
That's going to be demand on a lower time frame. So that buying to sell, so that WIC, there's going to be demand on that WIC. You can also see, you know, it wasn't the strongest, but you caught some kind of opportunity off of it. Should have hit the replay button because it's going to be way back. Oh, no, it wasn't actually.
So if you look in the 15-minute, then you could refine it again. Okay, look, we got a range right here in this candle. You'd probably include that bottom wick. And you could have gone down. I'm not going to go to the one minute. It won't even have that data. But you could go down and go down and find it. You can see there was demand here. Nice little longs.
short-lived, you know what I mean? Because you were a member. Remember, you have to take those high timeframes. At this point, you should be expecting a pullback. You had seen a break structure in the high timeframes or in premium, but you could have, you see what I mean? That's kind of like going back with what you were saying about my area. You can take longs like that, but you just have to go in with the correct perspective. Because like, for instance, say like if this were like a week high, like say if this were in a bullish market, I'm just going to erase the left and this were like a week high or something.
like say if we had a low right here and you know this high was so you know we weren't so biased that we thought we were gonna have a pullback you could target all the way up here but what happens you do that you just got left in the dirt you know what i mean and also a lot of these times like you'll see and look back like okay there was a long here maybe if you caught the one minute you caught a very sniper entry and had like a you know like five pip stop loss or something you could have uh
got a nice entry there and then you know taking it like at highs here and like this full fully out of that supply is what i would have done but you see i mean like that you have to just have a specific framework for each kind of trade you take if i can timmy youtube chat i got alert for ens oh yeah that was up to us moving back up
Again, I'm going to be pretty cautious with stuff here. Just be as like, see like that. Tell me like this is a good example. Like I'd want to take shorts from up here, preferably. Now look here. Okay. If I get into one minute entry here, what's going to be right above my stop loss? First of all, delete this. Now that we've hit it, move this, move this up here. This might be even a better POI. Why? Because there's.
liquidity right there and you have three confluences even then you're still not as deep into a disc or a premium as i'd like if you look here this hasn't even satisfied there's definitely supply here you cannot tell me there's not supply in this now it doesn't have to be satisfied price doesn't have to you could maybe say the supply was in this candle you know and it hit there but i don't know i like this up here
So, I mean, I'm not saying I won't take shorts from here, but I'd rather take them from here. I'm going to look at Bitcoin low time frame, just out of curiosity. It's inside a fractal supply zone on the wick. Yeah. I'm thinking of possible shorts here. You could. That's how I used to trade Bitcoin, but Bitcoin is just...
I don't like the way it trades recently. For low time frame stuff, I just don't like it. For instance, here's a good example of why. On indices here, you see this obvious liquidity rate going into London close. Well, leading up to London close, I should say. I guess we're really there right now, or an hour ago. It's London close, but you get what I'm saying. Back to the stock market open.
into that 10 a.m area usually you'll see a after that you'll see an expansion up to raid the buy side for the day which we already saw that but and when price action is healthy which bitcoins rarely is ever healthy you see moves up these inefficiencies get filled nothing even got filled like we have the three minutes better time for this all the time
nothing like literally it's just like terrible i don't like it i don't like trading it it doesn't but i mean there is opportunities i don't mean to say it'd be like a naysayer at all like i see what you're saying but i just am so hesitant to fuck with bitcoin because it doesn't really respect pa stop losses get wicked and then plays move out it's almost like the algorithm for bitcoin are just like even heavier manipulation than than um others i don't know but it used to not be like that like really
up until like i got back from the beach and i started back testing stuff because it was like this setup right here that happens on indices every day was happening on bitcoin for a long time and then it just completely stopped happening like this like for instance here if i'm trading here this would have been my entry right here this didn't even give you an entry for the way i look at it if you look at like you played this whole order block i guess you could say you had an entry but it's like i mean
I don't like doing that. Not if there's a fair value gap right there, I wouldn't have taken that. And then also there are on a lot of these setups. Oops, wrong. Forgot what a long position looked like. Risk reward's not the greatest either. It's less than three for me. You could target higher, I guess. Or I'm on AVAX, what the fuck? This whole time I've been talking shit about Bitcoin, I've been on AVAX.
yeah this one this didn't either give you an entry so you had that fair value gap did not get filled like the one that caused the breaks didn't get filled same thing that's why i just i don't like trading some of these liquidity concepts on a lot of crypto because it just doesn't they don't hit like they were for a while leave all the inefficiencies but i guess i could go into the bias of like the whole you know short
All bearish bias. How the fuck did I end up on AVEX? Because I remember charting us on Bitcoin. Unless they both have the same thing. I really want Bitcoin to make a new high here. Another thing too with Bitcoin recently, the lows are getting just straight violet. Really, I would say looking at most charts, this wouldn't be a buy day because you see a London low just got absolutely just disrespected. Closure under it. You stayed under it for 45 minutes. So usually on a buy day, you don't want that to happen. And I appreciate it.
Oh, Tara. Ape trading nice. I'm sure everything's pumping right now. Oh, thank you. I want to see Ape come up into this zone minimum. That's what I was saying before. Those longs right here, they hit. But I just wouldn't have taken them just because I'm more short bias. I'm just going to wait. It just all goes back to your style. How you trade and what you're looking to do.
Here at this point, I'm kind of just waiting till we get, when we're this high to a strong high, like say if we close a four hour above this, I'll wait for retracement, maybe short down and play longs from it. But, you know, until then, I'm just kind of waiting. What's up, Timmy? I'm just not seeing those. Hercules. Somebody said AVAX gapped up. Let's see it here. I want it to come all the way up here, though. Somebody said 30 minute, I guess. I don't see it. I don't know what time frame or what chart.
Yeah, I appreciate you guys. We've had pretty good retention. Like we've been going for two hours and 40 minutes and I've had a good number on YouTube and also a bunch of people. That was one thing I wanted to watch for because I, you know, I was thinking like, okay, just do like an hour because most people are going to lose attention after that. But I mean, I'm like, I'm sitting here, which I'm going to be until right around this time usually, then why not, you know, just stream. It's not like doing much else than charting. Might as well kind of work together and, and.
Try to show people as much as possible. What up, go? What's up? SNX Disney Demon.
SNX, Guardians of the Galaxy Demon. What were you doing just in line and you're on mobile training with you? I looked at it after you. I was like, yeah, that's shit. I didn't catch it because I just didn't see it in time, but the daily and the weekly, that shit was like... I mean, what is your style? It's like, bro, it's like the actual bottom, bro. It's like, bro, fuck, dog. I was like, fuck, bro. Why not? I was like, whatever, low risk.
I'm looking at the chart from the top to the bottom, and I'm like... Obviously, the fact is I had levels from fucking two years ago on the chart when we were OG trading it and shit. It was under, it broke back above them, and then I'm like, okay, we undercut these lows, we closed the weekly candle lower. Traders are settling up lower on a weekly time frame. I'm like, yeah, this coin's probably going to zero. I was like, fuck it, low risk as fuck.
Why not? And then, yeah, shit just fucking popped the fuck off. Yeah. And, like, looking at the chart, it's, like, even, like, dummy trading logic. It's, like, if I'm going to flip a coin, probability of having another red weekly candle is, like, holy fuck. Right. Yeah, exactly. Like, just on some, like, literal, like, basic mentality shit. Yeah, just, like, this is, like...
See, this is where I would kind of use, like, I don't really use WECO as much, but I'd look at this, like, this is pretty clear accumulation. We're also at the bottom of that range. I'm just like, bro, the market, like, you're running the chance of it going completely stale and, like, volumeless if you're just having this price action all the time. Like, you need, you need, like, I don't know, there needs to be some, like, if Bitcoin or crypto is, like, a business, like, you need an advertisement, bro. Right.
like you need something to where you get people interested in it again even if your plan is to take it to 10k or to zero or whatever the fuck like you need if you didn't get all your sales in at 50 60 40 35 or whatever like you need price to go up exactly you know be able to sell this sell off what you really want like you could be super bearish but you just want price to go up so you could fucking it's like you owning a pair of shoes you bought the top and fucking you didn't sell the top on the fucking jordan chicago's
Like you want price to go back up so you can dump them. Like that's just what it is. Yeah. No, I agree a hundred percent.
So, I mean, like, yeah, like, structurally, like, this crypto and, like, whatever, it's, like, fucking terrible. But, like, it doesn't mean that these super shit on coins that are just, like, illiquid as fuck catch, like, a little $10 million, like, pump and they're up fucking 35%. Exactly. You know, like, these market caps are so shit. Like, Bitcoin's market caps are even shit, bro. It's, like, fucking $750 billion. Like, what the fuck? Compared to, like, stocks and shit? Like, you said that when it's, like... Bro, yeah, like, you fucking kidding me?
Like Apple's fucking Apple's like five times of what Bitcoin is right now. And Apple's up like fucking 5% today. Like from the bottom, Apple is up like 13% from like a couple weeks ago. Like that's like fucking all of Ethereum. Yeah, literally. Like it's like 300 billion of its $3 trillion market cap. It's up 10%, like 300 bill. Like, I don't know. Like, yeah.
And going back to like what you said about like the advertisement, like that's kind of like why I feel like what's happening here because it's like people that like all the orders because like the way I look at it. Yeah, they're bored. Everyone's so bored they're just going to go do something else. Yeah. And like there's so many orders here. Like so when these algos were pushing price down like because like it's not like somebody like if you're trading smart money or whatever, it's not like there's some guy.
Like God. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, there was a ton of shorts put in all through here. You know what I mean? All the way down. So it's like, let's just say like.
all these except like you know you get the idea we're filled except a couple of them so we come back up here and then like you said it's like your average it's like your scan like you're pumping up you're inducing retail liquidity like people the people that were not buying here that were like shorting that whenever they broke lows they're buying here oh yeah you know what i'm saying which we like yeah yeah and even like even on the smart money like why cough thing like
Like if you have a if you I don't know how long we've been in this fucking range on Bitcoin's been fucking like terrible but Like there's some people that literally have just said alerts like above the range and below the range and it's just like they just stepped away, you know, it's like oh I got my alert like we're back with the highest span since the Capitulation the downside where we started our range or like we just broke range lows well, you know, like that's when people like start like
actively like coming in and shit like when you see volume quote unquote on like breakouts or breakdowns of shit yeah and then there's like it's like oh yeah totally totally totally so i'm just like bro like some people are just like so just i don't know bitcoin is fucking crazy bro like the the barcoding i've never seen some shit like that yeah it's just you go back you go back to like 2017 and like 2017 and like 2020 and like
2013 and shit like that. Like, 2018 dumps. Fucking holy fuck, bro. I've never seen Bitcoin barcode for as many, like, daily candles or, like, kind of, like, essentially, like, just be as bad as it was on the weekly for, like, that long. Yeah, I remember the dump in 2017. Bro, like, Bitcoin in 2017, like, that shit was fucking insanity, bro. Like, it's funny how small that looks now, but this was insane back then because you gotta remember, it came from, like, nothing. Oh, in the summer? Yeah. On the second dip?
well yeah like well really this dip i remember because like i didn't really like i was involved in this but i wasn't like like i was doing ta on my binance chart you know what i'm saying like that type so like it wasn't even ta it was just like uh this looks like it's gonna keep going uh but like i remember i got in and i didn't even sell the top i sold like 16k it was like somewhere like here i got scared after that first drop but brother was just like
literally pumped up like back to fucking 3k like just like like you said it didn't barcode like it was it kind of did but this wasn't really barcoding it was like dude yeah like previously like even like even like 2021 server bro like we went we're ranging from 30 to 40 dude we were just fucking ranging from like 28 to 30 like that was crazy yeah like that's just crazy bro exhausting the fuck out of um we got a weekly change of character here also
yeah i was just thinking like because at the demand level it's like you're either like absorbing remaining supply before you fucking like go to the upside or you're absorbing like the remaining demand like to then go to the downside and like you were just consolidating so badly underneath 30k like
yeah man but hey new candles come out and we're above 32 so it's just it is what it is yeah like if for me for us to be bullish again i'm gonna need a four hour close above 32 650 but i don't want to be bullish like to be honest with you i want us to absolutely dump because yeah i tell you though 32 650 yeah that's that wick on the daily
Right there. It's just a strong four hour. This is like, for me, this is swing structure. So like this is our swing high, swing low. So if I can get a four hour closure above that, I'll say the four hours now shifted bullish. You could probably go to like 39 or 40. Fucking senpai said run a 24 hour stream. Fuck. I probably could have, we probably all could have back in like 2020. No cap. Everyone could just hit shift. Bro.
The caster could do like five hours and then someone else could do five hours and someone else could do five hours. The play Bitcoin just got that one minute change of character. Yeah, no, I see. That's why I was like the short. Oh yeah. I see the short opportunity, what you're talking about for sure. I'm just, dude, Bitcoin just like, I have a love hate relationship with this piece of shit, bro. I really do. Like I.
It's funny because it'll go like, like I was plotting this cause I'm like, you know, you for a while there, I wasn't trading it just because it just, I was literally charting it and it was doing shit that like, it just wasn't respecting the price action the way it did, or at least the way I wanted it to. Like, yeah, you can, in hindsight, you can always go back and like, yeah, I would have longed here. You know what I'm saying? But like being real with yourself, a lot of the times, like when I look at stuff, like, cause you could always go back always and plot out like what should have happened.
But, like, now, like, would you have actually done that? Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, I don't know. But, like, Bitcoin for a while there wasn't really giving me the PA I wanted. But now I was looking at it, like, that's why I have this chart. I was like, God, if it wasn't Bitcoin, like, I wasn't being biased on it, I would have shorted here and here last night. But I was like, fuck it. But I'm noticing, dude, I swear to you, Sol and AVAX have better price action than Bitcoin and Ethereum lately.
But I think it's just because Bitcoin and Ethereum are being super fucking manipulated.
did you take shorts are you waiting for the return to origin jail oh i'm already in okay you just what did you just take them up there uh if you go into the one minute i took the fractal supply zone and then because that's basically marked out as a range i uh i pulled fibs on it and it hit a optimal trade entry or it hit the 79 retracement perfectly so you just took that probably it had a very low time frame uh distribution pattern yeah
You know, I see it for sure. For instance, for me, if I were to short here, I would take this personally. I'd probably take it. I actually use inefficiency. And one thing Algo taught me is...
whenever there whenever there's a range whichever way the range breaks out first is most likely where the range is going to like expand towards i disagree personally personally i will say that yeah just because stop raids like especially with sessions like for instance like um well i don't know actually maybe i'm looking at what you're saying wrong like when you say like just think of it when you think of a range they take out the early
if we're going down, they're going to take out the early shorters and then bring them into drawdown and premium. And then maximize profits on the way down. I see what you're saying. I was looking at it like, like a breakout perspective, but no, no, I see. Cause like right here, I would say we're going down because like you said here and then the early shorters. No, I agree. I, I, I see what you meant. I was looking at like, if you break, you said that on like a 90% basis, it won't be all the time.
No, no, I agree, though, because it's like the stops get raided, then the other liquidity gets raided, then you move down. I see what you're saying. I do. Yeah. I thought you meant, like, we break out here and it's just going to go. I see what you meant now. Dude, S&P can just put in some reversal candle here to close the day. Oh, that shit looks like a fucking fat-ass short dog.
So like, okay, look at this. So four hour, you got your break of structure, but it really could have, I mean, you can't just say it's a lick right here. So we got that break of swing structure. Let me move it up here. That was your, let me rephrase this. I think we can go to like 404, like 408. I'm on minis, but. Oh, here, let me see. So here was your. That's your, that's your flip zone right there. Yeah, right here.
to the order block where you have that break structure right there yeah if you draw a rectangle from where you drew the break of structure like that candle that range all the way across it should stop right there and go back up yeah because that liquidity range up there is way too big yeah exactly so like here like to me like you said like this is like you could say like oh yeah we have an institutional candle but like
I don't think that this is like just the top yet because like you might even have a 15 minute change of character. I don't know. I mean, you have some ugly swing structure. You do, but like, I don't think this is like the short, like, could you have taken shorts here? Yeah. A hundred percent. But do I think this is like the, you know, short you want to short back down into, to like discount of this range? Not necessarily. I would personally, I mean, call me crazy, but I'd almost wait to like up here. I know that sounds ridiculous, but I'm just because of all the inefficiencies for at least.
equilibrium of this zone right there somewhere up there but you could have taken you could have said okay you know I guess I don't really know what this is like some ugly swing structure I mean if you're gonna say this is a pullback you have to say this and this is a pullback too
Regardless, they all got broken right on the same range. Get that fractal supply here. Those inside bars. Because remember what we were saying before, these inside bars on a 50-minute, this is just a range on a one-minute. We'll look.
Because remember, to have an introduction of supply or demand, you have to have, most of the time, you have to arrange on at least one timeframe. So now we see this low timeframe distribution. Supply was introduced in there. You could refine it down if you wanted, but realistically, I'm not going to do that. You're already in a 15-minute. So you have that 15-minute zone. Then you look, okay, what demand pushed you into that zone to satisfy that supply right there. So where's your flip zone? Right there. That short entry.
And then like, where would you take profits? Where Algo is saying that, that demand zone for me would, where I'd be taking that flip zone in the four hour. Oops. Maybe even a little lower because I look at it like I would probably go here. Actually, this is about the same. I would just take the inefficiency right there. That would be where I'd be fully out. I've found the inefficiencies are really good targets, like fills of them. Cause like then, then I think like Algo said, I think you're going to come here. You're probably going to push back up into the real, real supply.
uh and also bitcoin futures like e-mini futures or whatever or cme futures um from the low of what month is that like that low wick of march to the high of the range yeah one six one eight wait um you mean of may or you said march you mean like way before you mean like
I posted the chart in crypto chat. You did say 1618. I thought you were saying 618. I was like, wait. A little harm dog. Is that a deep crab? That's just a regular crab, right?
Yeah, good old crabby crabs from LA. Yeah, I like, too, the paws, dude. I know you, Scott, Carney, and shit like that. But the ideology of the harmonica is you get that bar, that terminal bar thing that you'd be talking about, which is that nice wick. That's the trigger for his algo.
and then you get a nice brief pause for like 10 to 15 20 bars and then just it just so happened that bitcoin was fucking you know that's a daily pattern so it's 10 20 daily pause and then you get the fucking the initial pop so i meant the follow through is like whatever is what matters and shit on the chart but yeah but what's funny is that when we got the big nice pop today on the on the futures um our high was we touched the like the gap down from previous on
in the chart too i have it from the arrow like that was the gap that everyone wanted to fill going into may and we filled it but now we're fighting price so just be kind of aware of that level it's not it's not going to be the same on just spot so just on the futures level just walk 32 to 70. these these isn't that like where y'all isn't that your level for when you want to flip to like long like 36 to 650.
Yeah, just watch just the daily CMEs at $32,300 pretty much. Yeah. Over that, it looks stupid awesome because then you could probably fill the gaps to the upside at like $35,900. Yeah.
here too on the weekly and this is the same as other stuff we're in a weekly break or two that's one thing i want to keep in mind as well and on future because a lot of people realize like these charts these cme charts really hold oh i don't know if i want to say more but they hold as much value as any other chart because this yeah yeah futures futures like new york and shit like that futures are running like that's what they're on yeah exactly
Like why hold volatility like equity that's like when they're just like trading futures like literally like Like they don't have to put all that margin in for like a risk like Bitcoin that's moving 20% and shit in a range So it's kind of a little kind of a little crazy for billionaires to be in you know I'm saying so futures is kind of the way in Wall Street right now You know same with even he's like S&P Nasdaq whatever like futures trading runs the fucking
Runs the price, bro. What did you say the level was? I'm just curious. 32, 3... 32, 270. 32, 270. Let me see. I'm just curious. I want to see what the fibs are like the DaVinci code, bro.
I don't know why. I like always, like, sometimes you'll see, bro. It's, like, some crazy shit. Dude, he's such a fucking... You know what I was crazy, bro? When I was watching his videos, like, hell long ago, like, on clickbait shit, like, years ago, he was always, like... Like, he's, like, weird, though. Like, he's weird and, like, bad, but he's always, like... He's, like, identifying, like, 618s, 886s. Like, he's, like, living by that and shit like that. And then, uh...
He does, like, M's and W's and shit. Like, that's his shit. But, like, they're just, like, not harmonics or anything. Like, it's just, like, a fucking M. It looks like a kid drawing a bird or some shit. Yeah. Dude, I remember, like, whatever. Because you can't hold a dude. Like, do I fuck with him, like, as a group? Like, I mean, I'm not going to, you know, whatever. But, like, he did develop a strategy that, you know, obviously.
holds value but like it's just funny like because i remember whenever i like i bought the algo and then like you get the group i was like this dude's literally he was like yeah fully interactive group weekly update and you get access to all the old weekly updates and i went on i was like damn like when's the weekly update and i went back and it was like the last one was like september of like 2018 i was like oh my god the fuck but no his shit's his shit's good though i just i don't
I feel like what's weird too about harmonics, a lot of times they coincide with like smart money. A lot of times. More so on the lower time frames. Like for instance, a lot of times whenever you have like changes of character, you'll see the reversal at like a bat or a shark. The only two I really like are, well, crabs too. I like bats, sharks, and crabs. I don't really fuck with the other ones as much.
but i like you yeah like lately i mean like it's just that's just the market like that's and that's funny that like we say that though because then you got to think of the characteristics of the two like everything loves the 886 like 786 618 like butterflies ciphers um and all this other shit like people aren't people aren't finding value at these like 618 786 but like even for shorts you know people want to wait for the more optimal short entry you want to go to the top of the range the 886 you want to wait for the bottom of the range like
You just want to get pushed there. Yeah, no, 100%. It's just like, holy shit, everyone just loves that 86, bro. On May 1st, Monday morning, when something's at $100, and then fucking you dump five days later to fucking $1, and then you pump back up to fucking $90, that's when everyone wants to sell off of their shit, bro. Yeah, exactly.
Like, you're as close to the top as possible without being greedy. Seems like a pretty good, like, RR, like, wipe your hands clean type trading. You know what I'm saying? Exactly. That's the thing that RR is like. Like, I'm not trying to snipe top or bottom. You just buy high or low. You buy high or lows or sell fucking lower highs. It's just what you do. Exactly, bro. More often than not, you're going to be profitable.
I wonder how this is going to turn. I didn't take these. Are you still in these, JL? Oh, I only took partial profits. Yeah, for sure. I wanted to see how they play out. I'm not in them, but I just am curious. I love just like, you know, just watching like, oh, OK, it doesn't. It didn't say it didn't. I'm still very strongly convinced Bitcoin wants $32,650. Yeah, I could see it tagging that for sure.
Definitely. Like, I won't really be bullish. Like, even if we tag it and then, like, say you tag it and don't close a four-hour above it, that's not going to be enough for me. Like, I won't even, I won't consider that as a bullish change. I mean, I would if it was, like, a 15-minute or something, but a four-hour, especially this kind of zone, I want, like, a four-hour closure above it. Dude, Waves has, like, the craziest fucking, like, that shit is insane, bro.
Like, it got a four-hour close above its high. But, I mean, this is, like, really choppy price action. So, it's like, I mean, I consider this a pullback enough to make a swing. And this was your low. And you kind of came down again. You really, I guess this was, I don't know. You see what I'm saying? It's, like, such just, like, I just want to short the fuck out of this once I get confirmation. I'm waiting for, like, a confirmation that I'm not going to try to, you know, go apeshit and anything.
If, if the market does end up reversing, I mean, I, I'm not necessarily like whenever I say to you guys, like, oh, I'm bare. I don't, I'm not saying, oh, I don't think that the, the, the 32, 650, we're going to close above it. Like, I just feel like the way I look at it until I get that, it's just speculatory. Like if, if I could, like, if I'm saying like, oh, I think we're going to pump for, like, could I tell you like, oh, like, do I see the bull case? Yeah. We swept all liquidity since 2020.
You know, we've consolidated under it. You know, there's the possibility of the schematic. I see the bull case. But, like, for me, like, just like Glacier just said, I'm not going to try to snipe the absolute bottom. I'm going to try to buy the higher low. So, like, you can't, like, be, like, a bear or a bull, like, emotional. Like, you can't, like, want to be bull or want to be bear. You just have to.
go with what you have in front of you. Like, okay, if we're under, you know what I'm saying? Like, okay, right now I'm bearish. And if in five minutes or whenever we close a four hour candle up above here, then I'm bullish. You know what I'm saying? You got to be like that.
i i think of it too almost like a mindset like i'm thinking of it like war bro like old war front line shit it's like i don't want to be the first i don't want to be the dudes in the front you know like i don't that's a good way to put it i want to be the second wave like i want to okay cool we bounced up the level that i thought we would bounce let's see like a decent like retracement damn you like say you only went up to 382 or like say you went up 50 of the range cool when we
dip down again to show, to prove to the market that people are accumulating, whatever, like the higher load, then I feel comfortable. Cause now I have an area to where I would want to be stopped out. You know, like underneath, like I'm looking left from where I am. Okay. Underneath that previous load that we just put in. Cool. Like, and then run, run to the 50% again, or high, you know, 86 of that range, like just take an NTP. That's pretty much it. Leave runners for.
If you end up breaking out of the range, it's literally all you have to do. Exactly. You just be behind it. People with the BNB, it's like, how are you feeling with this pump on BNB? BNB price action is still bearish. I don't like it under 333. Until there's a daily candle above 333, then I'll get out. Until then, I'm still a short. You can get in BNB shorts right now if people are listening. It's under 333. But that narrative and that idea has changed.
when there's a daily candle close above 333. So, like, do with that information what you will. You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't know. Like, I don't know what is going to happen tomorrow or the next day. I just know where, like, the plan is to where I know where price is going, like, should go and where I know that it validates and it can't go for me. And until then, if you're comfortable with both of those things and you look at yourself in the mirror and you're like, I agree to my risk or, like, I am aware of my risk.
my potential profit, my potential loss, then pull the trigger. Like that's how you just be emotionless. You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't know. That's what I was saying earlier too. Like literally same exact thing. Like once you have like, like a clear, like you have clear parameters for you to execute and you have clear parameters for you to exit. And it, once you are very in touch with whatever that is, the emotion leaves.
Well, as long as you don't over position, oversize yourself. But as long as you follow those things, you literally won't. Oh, Jasmine, I got you. My bad, bro. But you won't have you won't have that emotional fucking, you know, like just pull on your on, you know, because like once because I guess I always tell people you have to have that very clear before before there's money in the line, because if you wait till after there's money involved to come up with your.
whatever yeah yeah that's when you because like people are like people are funny bro like people get dumb when there's money involved like i shouldn't say dumb like emotionally dumb because like no bro people get literal like they're like what do i do like well don't lose money what are you doing bro like you're burning your fucking pocket what are you doing it's like uh i don't really know bro i'm just kind of like i'm like bro like holy fuck like so you're telling me you're the guy when i'm walking down the street if i was like hey bro can i have a hundred dollars and you're just like yeah right like
You're like, you're that guy. Don't be that guy. Don't just give your money up for no plan or no reason, whatever. Like, you don't go to fucking random tables in Vegas playing Baccarat and games that you've never played and be like, yeah, let me just throw fucking a band. Yeah, literally, exactly. Like, let me 20x a band. Uh-huh. KuCoin, bro. Like, no.
Fuck, what happened? And then you're like, bro, what is this? Just think of it like literally you in Vegas. You go to a table game you've never played. You put money that you shouldn't be throwing money. If you're going to go play a game you never played, put a fucking little bit of money.
right or like you know five ten dollars or something you know like you never played fucking poker you're gonna go put five hundred dollars on a hand i mean cool if you got money like that sure but like it's like a game just don't like literally just don't like give fucking put fifty dollars on and if you want to blow five hundred go give 450 to your family or something like right
Like, I don't know. People would just be tripping, bro. Jasmine looks like a pretty mean, short opportunity gearing up. I'm not going to say I'm getting it yet. Starting to get that, like, I guess you could say it's like a three drives pattern. Maybe, like, look clear on, like, a three minute or something.
I don't, I mean, you're, it's like with Jasmine, four hours bearish. Like we came down, you have your four hour high here, four hour low here, right? We had satisfied, supply was already satisfied very quickly. You saw this, but the thing is, I will say for some reason, this didn't break down to the low. So you can't say it's a really strong zone yet. Same with this. But what I will say is you are engineering. Can I put GMT? Yeah, I'll go over briefly. We already did go over it, but I will go over it. So you could say,
Here, you're engineering a lot of liquidity down in this area. Now, say if we had inefficiencies that hadn't been filled here, I would almost say you're looking like an AMD, which would be like, you know, people call it the three box theory, whatever, those people rebrand everything. And you'd have like, here is your original accumulation or up here, you could say whatever. And then you manipulate down and fill any inefficiencies, which there isn't an inefficiency here. But so that's why I don't really like this. Otherwise, I would say this maybe would be a long opportunity.
Um, but here you're, you're engineering liquidity on both sides of this range, right? So you have a pretty clear, um, range. You're kind of trading with within you have supply overhead. I would look for these highs to get cleared. I wouldn't necessarily, or did they? It looks like they did. Yeah, they did. So buy side has been swept a little bit. You still have a pretty wide range of supply. You could maybe let's refine this. Just, Oh fuck. Hey, I do that. Um, you know, I mean, really probably up in this zone.
I do that bottom wick like this is where ideally I'd like you to see that it come up there Yeah, that's where I just tapped into You swept a lot of liquidity on low time frames high time frames also if you look You had an inefficiency at one time that you just filled probably here Maybe it's already filled. Let's see. What does that look like uneven? I haven't filled it yet
You could see it come up a little more. Who knows? I don't know. But you're in that inefficiency. You're sweeping liquidity from the range. You're also bearish in the high timeframes. You're in four hours supply. So at this point, I would be more short biased, but there's no entry just yet.
If you break below this right here, because this is really your swing. Now you could, if you want to be more conservative, you could say this is your swing low down here. Why? Because you're like, oh, how is that my swing low? We made a new high right here. Well, it depends how you map your swing structure. Say if you only use closes, this was your, that was your break of structure. So here was your low.
Dude, my fucking cat meows like it's dying. There's nothing wrong with it. We took him to the vet because there's something fucking wrong with this dude. And yes, RSR, I'll check that out, Enigma. I'll give you one second. And then here on Jasmine, we have that structure here. I mean, personally, I would look here. I'm a little more aggressive than some people are with swing structure.
Yeah, I think there's a lot of setups I don't really wouldn't be like focusing on this one too too much But I do see it so for instance the thing I do like about it is you have a very clear target a lot of weak lows so You know targets would be down here a ton of fucking buy side or sell side liquidity right there I'd probably take it the first one personally and efficiency right here So you got some really clear high timeframe targets, you know the risk reward could be very nice if you took that
You know, actually, I'll mark this kind of jazzy moves pretty crazy. And it actually respects price action somewhat. So I've expanded my list quite a bit. But yeah, so here I'll be waiting for a change of character.
on the 15 minute, meaning like a change in swing structure, not an internal change of character, but a swing structure change. And then from there, I would be waiting to play the return to origin. That's why I was saying earlier this morning, I don't think there's going to be a ton of setups that are going to arise today. I think we're kind of in that point where we're in limbo. We're still, you know, just moving around. It's not like we're really at a decisional point for me yet.
We're in that area. We're in the point of interest. We're in a possible area, but I have no reason to do anything yet. If anything, I want the market to pump a little bit. I want Bitcoin to sweep highs. I want quite a few more things to give me an ideal setup. Does that mean I won't take setups here? No. Does it mean that I'm more hesitant to? Definitely.
And that may be different. You may be more aggressive. You know what I mean? And that works sometimes and sometimes it doesn't. But whatever it is, you got to be that. So for those of you who are usually more aggressive, be more aggressive and take every, be aggressive all the time. You got to keep that same energy to have that edge. Whatever it is that you do needs to be what you do, not like, oh, I'm going to do this now and I feel more aggressive now, so I'm going to do it. Or, you know, just stuff like that.
You got to be very, very consistent, very methodical, and I won't say thoughtless, but in a way, thoughtless. You should have a process that you follow.
GMT, I'll loosely go over this again. Actually, this is one of the better charts looking at in crypto. So the way I look at it, we had this accumulation that skyrocketed us. Another reaccumulation here, skyrocketed us. Now we came down. We've returned all the way to origin of the full move of GMT. Definitely got a nice reaction to it. And then look at this. Now that we come back down into this area, we've seen the highest volume we've ever seen. Also, this is following fake news.
I hate using that term just because, but it was fake news that the guy got arrested. Those tweets were circulating that the guy got arrested. Usually, if you're seeing manipulation on the chart with manipulation fundamentally, that's something that will pique my interest. So then what happens once we come here? We also have huge inefficiencies of the upside. A lot of stuff that we could target. Now, what happens as we come to these points of interest? Price breaks structure. This is clean price action.
I know some of you guys are laughing because we're talking about fucking GMT, and I think it's kind of funny too, but very clean price structure. Break of structure, healthy retracement. This is like that thing I was just talking to you about on Jasmine. You have this three-box setup. You have that accumulation, manipulation, distribution. So what it was, you see this range forming liquidity on both sides? Look what you had over here. Inefficiency, and you also had demand in this WIC.
So that's a trade model you can use. And what do you target? The inefficiency up above. It went a little farther, but that's how you would trade that. Very profitable trade model when executed correctly. It takes a lot of patience. EBO plays them a lot. EBO is very, very good at them.
What does that say? Sorry, I was reading chat. So here we got that break of structure, came down, satisfied, that demand is healthy. This is healthy. This is like what Bitcoin and Ethereum haven't been doing. And you come back down, you satisfy that and move up. Now I've got that second break of structure. We came above these highs. Now we're starting to see that retracement. Both of these areas, I will look for longs. So that's the overview on GMT. And I'm going to do RSR. Give you one second. I got to use the bathroom. All right, I'm back. RSR.
Oil to 150. PXY to 120. Yeah, right? Fuck. That shit looks so bullish on the weekly and shit. Yo, RSR. Actually not looking bad. So here, right there, is where you really got the break of structure for me in the 4-hour. Let's use this whole range. Break above it, so it looks like the supply wasn't really in there. Maybe it's going to be reaching a little bit higher somewhere up in here.
Probably get refined later, we'll see. But here's your main shift in structure here for me. Because this was your swing structure in the four hour. This wouldn't have been a break of structure for me. You can see if you played it like it was, it would have worked, I guess, if you longed from over here. But for me, I want a nice...
Closure. Sorry, I was thinking, but I need a nice closure right there. Kind of choppy with the whatever. I'll just move it. I know what I need. But for instance, here, I'm going to look for retracement. Why? We touch this. Probably got a change of character. Now you got that change of character. And this is where you can be, you know, necessarily bullish or bearish while you're bullish, I guess. Because a 15 minute for me, we got that change of character. I'm looking for price to come up here.
Satisfy that demand or supply. There's so many setups that look exactly the same right now. Look for this, satisfy the supply, and then move back down. Where am I looking for it to move back down? Down to satisfy his inefficiencies and touch this demand down here. Ideal would be right here. That's the inside bar. And then I'd look for longs. I think I'm out of alerts. Oh, I had one more. Oops.
Okay, I'm done adding to my list. I've got a way bigger list than I usually like having. But I do like whenever we're at these pivotal areas where everything in the market is at similar areas. I like having stuff to choose from. And you said RSO for a nice scalp. I mean, I guess you could have said, I wouldn't have looked at it like this, but in hindsight, you could say this was some demand. It probably had some buy to sell Wix in the one hour.
not really inefficiency right i personally wouldn't take this but i can see you know maybe anything probably down here at demand right there and you could maybe take a long like off confirmation you could take a long back up to these highs of the supply so i need to wait for price to come back down into this poi
Wait for it to shift bullish. Entry off the demand that sponsored the bullish shift. Longs up to your point of interest taking profits along the way. I would attack that, but I probably won't play it. Like I said, I really want Bitcoin to come up and tag this 32,650. And that's why I didn't want to take those shorts. I don't know. I needed more. Because like really for me, the 15 minutes is still bullish. So I don't want to take shorts yet.
because like i see on the one minute i see the opportunity for sure like if this were in a 15 minute zone or i mean if we were 15 minute shifted and you see this this is like your you know your perfect trade war framework but it just that's why that's why these setups they don't work unless you take them on a higher time frame so that's why same with tomo i wasn't comfortable about it and same with here because i know that some of you guys watched it and tomo may have started to move and everyone's like fuck dude and i hope nobody fomoed into it but
That's the kind of shit that can happen. Like if you were going to take an entry here, you had to do like what you did, Jay. You had to just take it. You know what I mean? And then you took partials, I guess, somewhere in this inefficiency or here. But I really want Bitcoin attacks 32, 650 and not get a closure above it. But if it does get a closure above it, then we shift to a bullish narrative and we look for longs upon supply or demand down in here, probably around like 30, right under 30K.
Yes, Barry, what do you think about the waves? Waves? Yeah. I'm waiting to short it currently. But, I mean, really, you got a closure above that four-hour high. So you would say, okay, well, we're probably bullish now if you wanted to be, you know, looked at like that. But regardless, you should expect a retracement at some point because, what is this? What is that breaker blocking the weekly?
You got that break of structure. So, you know, even if we are bullish now, expect a retracement after the break of structure because that's just how price order flow is going to work. So I would be looking for break of structure or having a retracement probably back, possibly down into somewhere in here because you have that flip zone. You could look at these buy to sell wicks as a point of interest right here. Really this whole zone I would look at because there's two sets there. I'm going to go from the 15 minute.
Look for demand within this area. That's pushing it. That'd be just for scalps back up to mitigation. So what I'm looking for is, and this is just not the cleanest price action, really. I don't really know exactly, because if you're marking your swing high, it's going to be like, I guess, this is your low. It's just pretty ugly price action. But if anything, for waves, I would be looking for a retracement. I wouldn't be buying it up here.
Maybe find some scalp longs from here back up to mitigation, but I'm looking for waves to come down pretty hard. Hopefully probably down somewhere into this $6 range. Because you've got to look at it like we want to come back down into a discount because big buyers are going to want to buy it for a discount. So we're going to want to come back down under $7. Okay, bro. Thanks. Sure. A lot of these, I really want to see us come back up into these higher zones. ETC.
So this could be like a possible liquidity rate right there. Just do an arrow. This is what I want Bitcoin to do. But depending on how you map, you might say that's a bullish shift. I just need more than that. Let's see. So once that happened, it seems like we came back down into this zone of demand. I haven't looked at this in a while. We'd drawn that a while ago. Specifically down to here. No, I didn't actually touch that. I'll leave this the same.
So now we're back up in this four hour supply, which is pretty strong. We broke internal structure. It's not like the craziest, you know, honeypot region to sell from. But, you know, you could say, OK, well, we came back into this area and now we can look for the 15 minute to change character, which you already have, as most everything has, except Bitcoin and Ethereum right there. That was your change of character, your first break of structure.
And then I would consider this all the same price swing. So at this point, I'm just going to look for any POIs that are in a premium of this price leg. Looks like this is going to be your point of interest right there. You also have some inefficiencies that would be filled upon this price breaching and satisfying the supply. So here, you also probably tapped into everything's on the same model right now.
We're coming back down to this demand to pump back up to see if we mitigate from here. So I'm going to add this to my list too. But this is where I would look for shorts. It would be up in this $24.50 to $25 range.
Hey, figuratively speaking, if you were going to play a limit on that, which I'm not, I'm just curious, where would you put your stop? Sorry. Would you put it above the high? No, you're good. Would you put it above the high or the supply zone completely? Like above the highest wick? Yeah. So like for instance here, if you were going to set and forget here, if it were me with ETC, I would probably just do it here. And that's just, that's just my style. But theoretically you should put it above the supply zone.
so you do there you know i use a three pip grace period so you go one two three
just to try to not get wicked out at equal highs. I used to use more. I think three to five pips is more than enough. You might get wicked out sometimes, but I don't think you need much more. So first target would really be this, this low. So this would be a 3.4 trade. It's not bad risk to reward. That's not why I wouldn't take it. That's just because my style, I want to wait for a confirmation.
You could just trade the M15. I would rather wait until price comes here.
I'd wait for AVAX shorts. I almost called him fucking Lana, but Dana, Dana. I don't think he's even in here actually. But yeah, so like here, you know, we've got, we've came in a four hour supply. The four hour, looks like this was just a liquidity raid. We're kind of reaching back up into the supply. Price is reacting how we want. So the four hours bearish, 15 minutes bearish. You could set and forget. You definitely could. It's all about your strategy. Now that's not terrible. Restore at 3.4.
you know to one is not bad but you don't know this is the reason why i don't trade like this because you don't know what's going to happen you could do this you'll see that reaction and then just bam and hunt your stops and then you start that process over and then you really get that nice entry you don't know you know i mean so and and this strategy that i use will result in you missing trades that's fine with me so if you come here you know then we get this then bam that's my confirmation
that first little area there, I enter off that supply. Bam. And we got my stop loss is a lot smaller. So let's just see, you know, this is all speculatory, but let's just see, like say, if that's what price did, you just doubled your profits that you're going to make off the same move. You know, eight to one, that's 8% of your port. If you take, you know, first profit targets here. And what I like to do is wait till four R. So once price hits four risk to reward, take off 25%. Now you can leave your stops at the same entry. And no matter what,
this trade is break-even. Maybe a little profit, but if you're using really tight stop losses like this, there's two things you got to account for. Commissions, because your position size is huge. For instance, using the risk strategy that I use here, your position size would be a little over 10% of your port.
The 1% stop loss is 10% of your port on a 1% risk basis if you're using 10x leverage. So, for instance, you're using a large amount of money, you're going to have a large amount of fees. And then also, another thing that I've seen happen to me and other people is say price does wick you out. Well, say if price makes a volatile move above your stop loss, which oftentimes it will, because if your stop loss is correct, there's going to be a lot of liquidity there.
you know, don't, don't misunderstand what I'm saying. Not like obvious, you know, retail stop loss liquidity. I'm just saying like, there's going to be, you know, it's above a high. So then price goes up here. You get filled here because on Binance and Bybit, you have market stops. Now you can change that to where you have a stop limit, but then sometimes they don't hit. So that's, you know, I personally,
I don't want to take a trade unless I have a 4-1 risk to reward because I can't do that. For instance, if I just have a 4-1 risk to reward, that's the whole trade. You can just take the whole trade there.
but oftentimes like where we're at here, if we're using the four hour, so, okay, we're using the four hour for our overall narrative. So where do we think price is going and why? Well, if we reverse here, I think price is going to this low. Why? Because that makes it a weak low. Why is it a weak low? Because it didn't make a new high. So, you know, that could be your final target. You obviously would be out heavily before that, but now, so that's your four hour price target. So now let's get our M15 price target. Where is that? The bottom of the swing.
So the way you can map this out, if you took it like you waited, you have equal lows right there. Very nice price target. Price is going to gravitate to that and see a reversal after, whether it goes to wherever, who knows. But you could take at 4R, you take 25%. Here you take 50%. Here you take the last 25%. That's 20R. You probably end up making around 10% to 13% of your portfolio off that trade if it played out in your favor.
That's why I like using the one minute. But here's the thing. I get stopped out more and I also get stopped out at break even more. But I found in my experience with me that I make way more money in the long run like that. And it's not as pretty because, you know, you get stopped out and people look at it like we're playing sports, like your wins and losses, whatever. You know, I get it. You know, if you have, you know, you got to think about it like.
Your strike rate, like your win rate, and your average P&L, those two things work synergistically to determine how profitable you are over time. So now if you have a really high win rate, meaning you take, let's say you have a really high win rate, but your average P&L is only like 2% of your port. Well, that's actually worse than having a low win rate and your average P&L is 10% of your port. I know that sounds backwards to some of you, but go do the numbers.
I know that's what works for me. The thing with it is if you use that, you have to make sure that you're in touch with your trading psychology because you're going to miss trades and you've got to be ready to not chase them. I miss trades all the time, almost every day. Or I don't take trades every day that would have worked out. That's fine. Whatever. I don't care.
And I also take losses. You know what I mean? You take, say you take a loss and, you know, people are like, oh my fucking God, I lost 1% of my port. And it's like, to me, that doesn't matter to me because let's say I take five trades.
and four of them lose. And then the fifth one, I make 10% of my portfolio off of. I just made 5% of my portfolio off five trades. I'm okay with that. But you have to be very convicted in your strategy, and you have to be confident that it is a profitable strategy. That ideology of high-risk reward sounds great. Like, oh, I can lose 10 times and win once, and I'm good. Yes, if you're doing it right, and that's not the approach you don't want to lose that many times.
you know but it's like for instance like yesterday we took trx that was a loss we took xrp which is a break even and we took trx again so the first time i don't know where it was we lost i think it was up in here somewhere we lost right
People were like, oh my God, I cannot believe I lost. Fuck. And that's fine. I get it. You just lost money on a trade that you didn't do the TA from. So people were like, oh, fuck, dude. Then what happens? We get our opportunity. We take it. This trade netted, if you trimmed exactly how I said, you've netted about 5% of your portfolio off of it. So yesterday, let's just look back. You had one losing trade. That's 1%. You had one break-even trade. That's break-even. You probably paid some commissions.
So maybe a little, we'll say, whatever, a very small loss, I guess you could say. Because break-evens, you're still paying commissions if you're trading with large lot sizes. But then you take the third trade, and then you go. Now, we'll say you're probably around 3.5% to 4% gains on the day yesterday of your entire funds. That's more than enough for me. I've shown all you guys what compound interest looks like, and 3% a day is...
You'll do very well in the long run. But that's what success over time looks like in my perspective. It's not about winning every single trade. It's not about having the most percent. I don't give a fuck about how much percent the trade moved. I do not care. Look, this probably didn't even move much. Actually, it kind of did. Well, even if this was a 2% move, none of that matters to me. It matters to the risk-reward.
So if I could post a P&L, oh, it's 100% P&L. But how far was your stop loss? People would rather take this. For instance, people would rather take a trade like this. Let's go to a clean chart. This is more appealing. This sells to people more. This is what people would rather take. Let's just say you took a long here, your stop loss was here, and your profit target was here.
Like that looks, most people are going to say, wow, dude, holy shit, 37, you caught them. Crazy move. That's not even a good, this is like a mid, like barely, I would barely take this. Because why? Remember, it's that full risk reward. So if you use a 1% risk tolerance, which I think is more than enough, anything over that, you know, you better hope you have a really high win rate.
And that goes back to that win rate and P&L, average P&L. If you have a really high win rate, you might risk more on your trades because you take them less. Now, here, with a 1% risk rate, you'd net 4% of your portfolio, assuming you didn't take anything this whole way, which no one would do that. Everybody's going to take profits along this way. You'd be ridiculous not to. Why wouldn't you? So that 4% move...
We hit on TRX yesterday in a couple hours. That's why I'm like, I don't understand. It's just people just don't understand it. That's what it comes down to. It's people don't understand how to size positions and people don't understand how to do what we are actually here to do, which is fucking make money. Not post P&Ls, not, you know, say I made these huge, you know what I mean? Like it's just, it's not.
That's not the game we're playing. We're not here to take those satisfying, immediate gratification moves. I mean, while we get those sometimes, you know, that's dope, but you're here to make money. So that's kind of my two cents on that. Sorry for ranting a little bit, but I feel like a lot of people need to hear that because everybody's pretty...
Everybody likes P&L screenshots. You know what I mean? Somebody would rather get 100% on 50X than they make 3% of their portfolio. But that's why I think understanding position sizing, understanding your risk tolerance and your edge, that's going to be what determines if you're profitable or not. Now, I'm not saying you have to use my risk tolerance or my strategy. That doesn't matter to me. If it works for you. That's why you notice when people ask me stuff.
I say, well, this is what I do. This is what works for me. But that could be totally different for you because your psychology is different. Your approach on the market is different. All of that. So that's why you have to figure out what works for you and stay at it. Don't change it. Don't try to venture out and learn other stuff if what you have is working. What is good old Bitcoin doing? Here in the next 30 minutes, we'll probably see a spike in volatility. I'm actually interested up here.
Another setup just like we had this morning where you have the stop run and then you see displacement after it.
Or you could see a morning or an afternoon continuation. So at this point, oops, that's what I need. I'm going to look for a swing low, not a swing low, I'm sorry, an internal low, an internal high to be created from one to like 130. So really from now until like 130. And then after that, we'll look for it to be ran. And then you'll, if you, if you see displacement after the liquidity has been swept up, you see, say if like we had,
a low here and price does this number, you know, it comes up and then you just see huge move to the downside. Everybody's like going short. So then what price comes down here, you expand and you come back down and fill that inefficiency. And then you go for probably this 32, 650. If this is all speculatory, I'm not saying that I'm expecting that to happen. I'm saying that I am waiting for something like that to happen. But now with Bitcoin, I like what we did here because now,
We have somewhat of a more attainable, and it's still pretty wide, but now we have a cleaner swing structure here. So now we've got a pretty solid area where I can look for and say, okay, I'm bearish under this if we move under this on a 15 minute. So now we have more of a better framework to work off of. That would be even more ideal.
Say we consolidate here, come back down maybe into this demand, and then tag that, don't get a closure, and then now you have this very clear move that you want to see happen. That's why I like market structure to tighten up, to give these...
cleaner moves. Also, I think ETH has some stuff I wanted to tag above it too. Oh, actually, no, never mind, no, I didn't. Yeah, ETH has some supply up here around like 2050 to 2080 that I'd really like to get tagged. Not necessary, but I'd like it. The only thing is, though, I will say, is you could say this is a stronger zone, because why?
Because this zone cleared lows. This zone did not. This zone pushed down. It did clear some, I guess. But you see over here, you can clearly see that this zone was probably more supply was dumped here. So we can assume there's more supply resting here. Because the algos that are pushing price, that are creating those inefficiencies between supply and demand, like I was saying earlier, they're doing this. They're spamming those orders. So let's just say most of them got filled.
Not all of them. So now that price is back up here, we're going to start to see if price is going to react to that the same way. How do we determine if it's going to react to that? Well, we see a shift in market structure. Have we seen that? No. So that's why you have to have a very methodical approach and parameters for you to have an opportunity. Because we have an idea here. We have something to watch for.
That's why I call them a point of interest. Like our interest is piqued, but is there an opportunity? Not for me yet. So that's how you want to approach stuff. You have something that piques your interest and then you have a very, very clear framework.
for what gives you an opportunity when said opportunity rises you take it and if it gets stopped out that's okay if it works then great but you just continuously do that once you once you have established something that you know works you know over time now you can't just like go you know head first in and not even know what the fuck you're doing and just say i'm going to keep doing it because i have an edge that's not how it works but once you have something that you know does work you know maybe back test it
If you really want to put in the work, you can really get some numbers. You can say, OK, like once you have something that's actually backtestable, a lot of people can't even backtest their strategy because it's really not a strategy. It's instinct and like a speculative approach, which it works great. And if it works for you, then keep doing it. But I don't like doing that. So if you know the way I look at it, if you couldn't teach your your parameters to a machine, then it's not.
methodical if an algorithm couldn't learn it then you really can't back test it that that um you know specifically then you know it's kind of hard to have that edge but if you do have something that's completely methodical you can go back back test the exact like okay i have this exact framework what happened how many times did it work how many times that it didn't on this specific coin or pair or currency stock whatever
That's how you can really get kind of in deep with your strategy and see what really works. Or, you know, you just develop a know-how of doing it for a very long time. I think most of us, that's where you get the original, like, hey, this is actually, this strategy hits, you know. Yeah, today, like I was saying earlier, it's a pretty boring day so far. I mean, there's been some scalp opportunities, but I really want to wait until we get...
confirmation like we've got confirmation on a couple here um single confirmation so an ape broke down this is kind of like what i was saying with rsr whoever asked me about it you came to that demand there were lungs here you know i didn't take them but they were here
Now, you might see price retrace and give another long. I don't know. Could be down here in this zone. It's the inside bar right there. This wick, to me, would be the point of interest. Because why? That's where you can see the buying really started. This is actually your internal low up to this point because this inside bar, this candle after, you can't say there's a ton of demand there, in my opinion, because this candle after it broke its low. So where did the demand come in? This wick.
Where did it go? Clear this internal high. Came up into this supply, probably a low time frame order block somewhere in here. Might push through it. I don't know. And this is like how you can kind of develop a more clean understanding of price action, given we are on A. But, you know, you can kind of just take the time and just, you know, say, okay, well, we have this here.
You haven't really bust out of this zone. You might have this as your interest, but for right now we have a displacement after this. You filled a gap. You did come up into this zone. You broke your internal structure, or actually I guess this is swing on the one minute. So you broke swing structure. Where did you go? This is where, this is whenever I say price action is choppy on some coins, this is what I mean. So for instance here,
Like here's supply. You could have said it was probably in this inside bar up there. And this would have been a tough one, you know, because you could say, okay, well, here was the displacement.
Could have drawn it here or here. Really, it looks like both of them got disrespected. But it almost seems like price is still going to go down. So that's why I'm like, that's whenever, when shit starts doing that, like Bitcoin does this a lot, it becomes, you know, maybe you need to trade the M15. And then that's not my style. So then I stopped trading that pair for a little bit. But it's like here, you know, you had your confirmation here. It could be just a little liquidity rate. And that just happens as well. There might have just been not.
Oh, actually, I can tell you what it probably was. This is why those inside bars, dude. They fucking hit. Let's see if the first time, that's what it was. Look at that. It didn't hit the inside bar the first time, so the supply had not been satisfied. So you got that initial reaction. You even got a confirmation, but you got faked out. And say if I was sitting here trading this, this goes into the edge. So like, for instance, if you took this one and lost, well, has your bias changed? No, because you haven't broke above the supply zone.
So if you come back up here again, because you took that trade, you got wicked out. Maybe you didn't. Maybe your pip grace period. Let's see. So from the high, I would have gotten wicked out immediately, like to the pip, because I use a three pip stop. If you use a five, you're still in. But now the price came up here. What did it do? Did the same thing. Broke internal structure. Really, it could have been aggressive and said it broke here.
Played supply somewhere in this, but I would have waited till down here. What supply did it? There you go. Now, even if this, you know.
It comes down again. And this is scalping strategies. There's a reason I'm not taking this because it's not really what I'm looking for. Because remember, when we were on the M15, we were looking for what? We were looking for a pullback return down to origin here. I wouldn't even take this all the way down there. I'd take this, if you're scalping, something like that, and just all the way out. That's the way I would take that. Nice little 3%.
But that's a good example of why you have to have an edge. Like, say, because this is what people do. They take this one, stop that. Fuck, dude, this strategy is bullshit. This doesn't work. And then this happens. You know, your partial's here.
You see what I'm saying? If you're scalping at this point, you could probably move stops to break it. This is why I don't like scalping because it's kind of the clearest liquidity. You might come up, tap your break even and move. But this is a great example, a live example of why you have to be consistent. If this is your strategy, you're scalping, there you go. But you also have to go in knowing you're scalping. So you're going to get more false signals. You're going to take more little losses and more break evens.
Somebody said, I have three days to predict where ETH price will be on June 6th at 12 a.m. to win 500. Good luck. Good fucking luck. Like, what's your, Brax, if you're still in there, what's your, like, do you have, like, a window? Or is it, like, a specific number? Or, like, maybe, like, to the 100 range or something? I don't know. I saw where somebody said way earlier something about EGLD, ENJ.
So going to the weekly, you got, okay, here was your old weekly low, high, closure above it or below it. So now the weekly is bearish. So here it was bullish. You're making higher highs. Actually, it never really was because you didn't close the way I map it. But then you got that break of structure. So now here's your weekly low and high, pretty wide range, like most cryptos.
But you still want to plot it. So you could say we're at the very bottom of our weekly range. What? Holy shit, that was loud. So on the weekly, you could plot this. We've also got a weekly supply zone. I would mark the whole zone just because there is a weekly inefficiency right here. At this point, I'm just going to mark. I'm going to start marking these like this. Do my H4 IPA.
So I've got a weekly inefficient price action fill at that level was $1.33. I mean, you can keep all these in mind. You just want to start from the top down. So the daily looks like you've got, you could refine this level here. Really, I would almost.
Look, I'm going to make this a weekly POI so it's not visible here. Wait, it's visible on the daily still. That's right. But I would look here as well, this inside bar. Now in the four hour, that's probably going to be of some interest. You have that inefficiency there. Daily, you can also mark.
This whole zone is going to be your four-hour zone as well probably. We'll mark all that. You can also look at the daily, like have we got a change of character yet? Not really. You're starting to have a bullish change of character here. Could be signaling a little bit of a pullback. But, you know, you got to look. Let's look in to see what levels are around us. Oh, shit. Those, I forget. Hold on. I'm just going to mark this as h4 so it shows her daily.
possible way i could imagine getting there sorry i had to mute somebody um so here you know now you've got this daily poi up here you could refine this on the four hour probably up to this candle you could even go even deeper if you wanted to like this up here but this is kind of out of sight out of mind right now it's just for later you always want to be aware of everything aware of all the levels so now we've got our four hour strong high our swing high
We right there. We know our weekly low is also our four hour low. So we know our range we're within right now. So now we're going to mark up our supply and demand zones. This has already been satisfied there. So I'm going to move this up. I think it's going to probably be closer to this inside bar. Could be wrong. You've also got pretty clear buy side liquidity right there. So there's going to be a lot of buy stops taken out there. Shorts are going to get stopped out there.
tons. So you could look for if we get closer, a price is going to gravitate to that. Now, more immediately, we have these lows. Looks like we reacted to this demand right here. Also, you filled this gap, that four-hour fair value gap. I'm going to not mark them because it's a pretty wide gap. Swept out internal range liquidity.
It'll be one of those AMD setups. Like I was saying before, you have this range where it builds up liquidity on both sides. That did so right here. You also have this supply paper. This would be really the target. And then you come down and feel this inefficiency, hit demand, take off. Now, you got to be mindful along the way. If you were in this already, you should have trimmed pretty heavily. But we can look at it. Let's mark up these four-hour zones we're at. So we are in a four-hour supply zone.
Kind of tagged above it. So you could really say maybe the zone is actually this inside bar to that wick up here. That's where the supply really was resting. Also you swept this high.
this kind of part without liquidity or what that fair value gap was already swept so this is probably more of your point of interest this is how you can refine them and you develop like an understanding of the market what's actually going on because this is like your obvious order block when they teach you like out of a book but this is really where the supply was introduced and it wasn't satisfied so see come here new supply was introduced but what happened i left this up here left orders
That's what we have to speculate. Now, how do we kind of confirm that? Well, here, this is pretty gnarly price action. I mean, I guess your swing low on the 15-minute is like here, and then there's your high. So that's kind of the range you're trading within. So what are we waiting for? We're going to wait for a 15-minute change of character. So what would be confirming that? We'd have to get a closure under this. We'd look for a return up to any unsatisfied supply.
which would be here preferably with displacement after notice it's fair value gap not all the way filled also you have inducement here everybody thinks this is the top this is where retail stop losses are for shorts so that's where you're going to see a lot of liquidity you have a fair value gap also immediately above so this would make for a good poi you could also refine this the inside bar
Because remember an inside bar on a high timeframe or higher timeframe, which is a 15 minute compared to a one minute, that's going to be a one minute range. And you could refine that to one minute supply, but I'm not going to do that. So that's scenario one you'd be looking for. Or scenario two, price breaks above and makes a new high. And then you have a new swing low and you look for the same thing. But for me right here,
The four hours still bearish, even though I do kind of see this AMD formation here. Like you have this range, came back down, swept up liquidity, satisfied demand. But another thing I do see as well is, did you really satisfy the demand? Because I think the real demand is probably going to be down here. Those last two candles right there. That's going to be. So that's why, you know, really with these setups, you try to target liquidity up above.
which you hit here. I mean, this is really your honeypot target, but you can't really bet on it hitting there when you have these supply zones. You have to wait, see what price does here. Might reverse any one of these. Because remember, we're in a bearish market. That's why the high timeframe bias is important because we have that bearish perspective on everything. We're longing, we're doing it conservatively and exiting aggressively.
Now we're forming a pretty nice, clear swing high and low after the lunch hour. So that was that after 1 p.m. So here you could maybe look for a break of that with a nice displacement. Looks like you might get it. I probably won't take these just because I don't like the way Bitcoin's been trading lately, but this would be kind of one of those ICT setups forming. I'll watch it though and see how it plays out.
What's ICT? That's a guy. He basically kind of came up with a lot of smart money concepts. He's just a really bad teacher. Yeah, I think it's just that he doesn't give a... I mean, honestly, though, I will say if you understand the basics, he's a very good teacher. But if you don't grasp the concept of liquidity, you're lost. You're just completely lost. Like, just completely lost. So I'm going to plot this and just see how it plays out.
Still didn't feel that inefficiency. So you could look to play it from anywhere in that inefficiency. And then really the way you would usually play it is a target the high of the session. Because this strategy is formed on indices. It's not a terrible trade. But this is how you would look to play it. But the last couple of times I've tried to play these, they either don't go in my favor or they don't give me an entry. Curious to see if it reacts to equilibrium of these two. Can I look at XMR? Yeah, got you.
You see that Luna Casino they have? What is it? Yeah, I'm still watching XMR. I'm watching what I was telling you about earlier, Casper. Hell yeah. I'm kind of interested to see how this plays out. We're buying a fucking... What's it called? Chair? It's called like an autonomous. They are so fire. We'll see how it reacts, but...
oftentimes the way that i was playing them is like you could wait till it comes up in here again like after it satisfies this demand because it always leaves some demand and then play it but i just started to see them not really hitting the way i'd like 130 is about to hit i was about to speak with a bunch of different people right now so just be careful with whatever you do stock market coming back from lunch
Yeah, you'll start to see that volatility start coming in between now all the way up to close
A lot of times with these setups too, like, that's why I'm trying to study them a little more is because, for instance, sometimes like the other day, we played one and then we stopped it at breakeven and we closed it and we were on live just because it played one setup and then it gave you the same setup on the adverse side. So that's another thing with these. I'm trying to study it like around this time to see, you know, how it reacts because that's how you really kind of like build a trade model and like...
test it and just watch it real time and not have your money. Because like I said before, having your money and stuff makes you think differently. Well, don't get me wrong. I think that demo trading won't teach you how to be a good trader. It'll teach you how to test your technicals, but it won't teach you how to act in a market, if that makes sense. Also, somebody said, what are my...
Where was that? The white bars are inside bars. The black candles are down candles, gray are up, and then the white candles are just candles that did not break the prior candles high and low. Or high or low, I should say. Bro feed us a sniper entry on BNB. Thank you, baby. Sniper entry on BNB shorts if the market gives it. Yeah, I think I've got some alerts on BNB. I can't remember.
No, I don't. Oh, actually. See, this is one thing with B&B is it came up into this fair value gap and you got this, but it doesn't seem to be respecting. It's going to be kind of like that Tron setup we were talking about earlier, or there was another one that didn't really satisfy the supply. Because you can use these concepts while you fill this fair value gap, but I like to have all three confuences. So you could say...
yeah, you got confirmation here and here, and you took trades here. You got a nice trade, but you might have just came back to demand. Then you might just see price come up, sweep this high, come into that four-hour zone. I think it was eight, the low timeframes. That's what we were just looking at. But anyways, come up into this POI, like finally come into it. And then from there, that's when you kind of see the real moves start to happen. Not always, but we're still under this low, so it's really not invalidated. But that's kind of how I would look at it.
I'm going to mute my mic for a second because I'm going to eat some pizza. Yo, are you here?
What's up, bro? Oh. So someone asked me real quick. I have my opinion on it, but I just want to hear yours. Because we talked about it before, too. He asked me about Evan's line. Is it good to buy them before Stockport, or should you wait a bit more to go down? You've got to wait for after. You don't want to get caught up in that bullshit. Yeah. So I would wait. It's a little bit harder to play splits.
But I would imagine that I could use a similar strategy like when I buy IPOs. Usually when I buy an IPO, I wait for the float to run out so there's actual demand and not just a shitload of supply. So what I would be watching with Amazon is for the next week or so after the split, I would see how the float looks. If there's too many shares in the market, then I'm going to hold off until...
more supply gets absorbed that way um i don't get fucked you feel me something with google he's strategy with both of them yeah the worst thing that can happen is you get fucked because you you know went straight in and i'd wait also because tech isn't looking so good so scorpion look at visa and sava's dumping
Also, Scorpion, watch New Zealand for any updates with their interest rates and whatnot. Yeah, I sent you the article. That shit is crazy. Yeah, we follow them, just so you know. Yeah. They usually put interest rate hikes and whatnot before we do. We usually follow suit. Apple fucked me today.
You see that triple top it put in? Yeah. Bro. Once it did it again, I was just like, no, once it did it the second time, I was like, yeah. I was like, fuck this. I knew, as soon as it reached out to the game the second time, I just assumed, like, watch Spy reject it. Like, watch Spy pull down. And look, Spy fucking came down. Yeah. I was like, yeah, Apple's not gonna break out today. Fuck.
Uh, Facebook paid. That was nice. And Microsoft. Yeah, I played Microsoft. I didn't catch Facebook. You could have caught Facebook twice. Yeah, I tested the top range again. And it pumped the TP too. Yeah, it just depends on how many calls or degen you feel. Mm-hmm.
Spy was also a nice little play, too, I call it. Yeah, Spy was nice. I got the NASDAQ quick. Yeah. I did a NASDAQ. I had a buy limit at $12,504. I'm only up. By the way, he congratulates Powell on his confirmation. By the way, we'll discuss inflation. It's not good. Oh, yeah. Biden and Powell. This is when you can get really fucked.
Yeah, Biden's Fed will use its policy tools to address rising prices. Base 50 points, extreme 75 points.
But we don't have the money to continue to raise interest rates. There's something called national debt servicing, which is what we have to pay in interest to hold our debt. And our debt is something like 31 trillion. So you got to remember that the Fed and the U.S. government are two different entities. So the Fed charges interest to the money that's lent to the U.S.
So during the pandemic, like the year before the pandemic, we were paying out 542 billion per year. And during the pandemic, that decreased because interest rates dropped to zero. So our debt payment went to 522 billion. But now that interest rates are up.
like six to eight percent that's going to increase the amount of money we have to pay um we don't have money to do that so what you're going to see is probably like two more rate hikes and then they're going to start rolling them back and then with inflation it's just terrible yeah they got the 15 interest rate
That lasted like three months. But the difference is that in the 80s, we actually had money and inflation wasn't that bad. Now we're just fucked. Kevin says he looks forward to Powell's continued leadership. Remember, oil prices is breaking out and we're not even in summer yet. I got to keep reminding people of that. Right, I told you. Oil at a 150. Canada's lifting lockdowns, but... 150.
You know, I mean, well, they're just a little bit different. So U.S. uses sweet crude and people in Europe and China, I believe, or maybe Europe uses sweet crude too, but most of them use sour crude. So that's why you have Brent oil and WTI because one's sweet crude and the other one's, like, I guess you could say sour crude.
so that's the difference between those so i think they what's concerning is that sweet crude and sour crude never traded so closely in price there was always like a 15 gap but right now they're both at the same price so that's not that's not good that's not good at all i'm trying to buy another electric car here
Yeah, let me borrow a while until gaspers come back now. We borrowed a couple good deals on Tesla's But where's something? Yeah, it's not made a post about this on Facebook like six back in January
