What's up? What's up? Adeliki and Isaac. You guys are in here quick. Damn, Discord fucking popping too. Everybody's up for PMI. I haven't.
I haven't looked to trade anything yet this morning, although I will say we talked about gold yesterday. I'll discuss these two trades I did take. I think we discussed one, but yeah, it's going for the highs right off the level we talked about, though. We talked about this level right here and then what was left of this fair value gap and why this order block was important. Now, we'll go over that later. Hold on one second.
You guys see, look, we talked about, I even put on Twitter for you guys, long ideas around trading the closest imbalance above, watching price action as we return to the OB. Now we return to the OB, obviously. I didn't catch anything. I won't say I caught anything. Why did my shit just close? There we go. That was weird. All my windows just closed. Sorry about that.
But, holy shit, it's moving. What were the PMI numbers? Let's see. I'm getting alerts on my phone. I'll pull it up for you guys as well. I'm not really one to trade before the news, but I will trade. Sometimes if I'm watching, like last week I traded before FOMC, which I usually don't do, but it worked out nice. I didn't take anything this morning. Let's see what we got. Why is it not up yet on here?
Okay. Well, they're worse than expected by quite a bit. And another thing is that they're not only worse than expected, they're worse than previous and expected. Let's see what the indices are doing. Again, I'm not really...
it's gonna force anything today like i could be totally fine without taking a trade today gold has me kind of sad though i will say the part of me wanted to set limits i will say too on gold um a lot of times uh if you find a level you really like setting limits is not a bad idea
I've noticed that while I've been trading it. Yesterday, this trade I took, it was really lackluster, super boring, but ended up hitting full TP during the Asian session. The logic behind it was we came under this low right here.
And then we got this break of structure to the upside in the five minute with displacement. And we had this nice fair value gap. I think I refined it to like a three minute or something, but it was originally this right here. And I just set a limit right at the top of it. Risk reward is almost two. So that's fine with me on gold, but I don't like them taking this long when my risk reward is that low, but it did hit. Now, the key I will say that I've learned from trading gold recently is
take profits at the next liquidity objective relative to the timeframe that you entered on. Meaning that if I use a five minute fair value gap, I'm using the next area, a clear area of liquidity on a five minute.
So when I come down here, yes, there's liquidity at this high. I'm not going to target that. That's not where the buy stops are. The buy stops are up here. And if your analysis is bullish overall, which we talked about yesterday on gold, that we would most likely see a relief after we took out this old low.
Or no, it wasn't old. It was a fair value gap. Sorry. If we filled all these imbalances, it was... Damn, it's fucking moving.
Wow. Big sad. Should have set a limit. But we talked about how to refill that daily imbalance, that price was likely to move to the upside, and that's exactly what we did. So once we have that bias, you can build a framework around that, so to speak. And you don't have to take a trade all the way up to where you think it's going, but just know that you're in a bullish direction and try to catch a wave. But don't try to ride the wave after it's done.
or you end up getting stopped out. For instance, let's just say you got an either trade that I got in yesterday. I got a trade over here. You can't realize it was so fast, but that one hit full TP and so did this one. No partials, just full TPs only. That's another key thing is don't try to take partials a lot on gold. Just take the damn trade. Take it all. It's so volatile. Let's just say you got either of these entries and you wanted to
you know hold it to to the moon well guess what you got stopped out both times instead of just taking this that 2r 2r 1.75r which um you know this is something that's really up to you guys and how you trade if you're okay with that i've been back testing a lot i know it has a super high win rate so i don't care to have 2r i i'm not here to to to try to sell you on a dream that every trade is going to be 25r that's not me i'm just here to make money
but What I am gonna watch here on gold is how these one-hour candles close I'm also depending on where this impulse move stops Ideally, it would be great if we would leave these but I think it's going for this high That's where
That would be a very nice liquidity objective if we could leave these equal highs, create these fair value gaps, and then look probably somewhere. Really, this is where I would say the order block starts. That's where the sell side began to be offered, right? The inefficiency between supply and demand pushed price down, taking out these lows. So smart money was liquidating traders in order to obtain the liquidity to go long.
positive manipulation. Also, if you guys want a little bit of power of three, if we're looking here, if you go on the one hour, we'll find the New York Midnight Open. We'll just draw a line out from that. What we're looking for is some form, if we're bullish, if we think that the candle is going to close higher.
If we're looking for the candle to go higher, then oftentimes we're going to have a wick down. So for instance, let's look on most bullish days.
Not all, but most. We have a big wick down, a big wick down. Now, what are those wicks doing? They're absorbing sell-side liquidity. Basically, it's like they're hitting the gas station before they go up. They're coming down, taking out all the sell stops, all of the early longs, and inducing the shorts in order for market makers to have enough liquidity available in order to push price up.
So when you're thinking about a candle structure and you're thinking about the day, like today's price action, obviously if you're bullish, you want to get in at the wick. So we're going to look what happens after New York midnight. I'll go back to that. I'll give it a three minute.
So what you're going to look for is a violent liquidity raid in the opposite direction of your bias. So if we're looking to go long, we're going to look for raids of lows into an old price delivery array under an old low. Just what happened is textbook.
So once you see, and also it happens a lot of time during kill zone. You notice it happened during the New York kill zone. Gold moves very well during the New York kill zone. I wasn't watching this, so I didn't participate. I can't even say I would have participated because it's before PMI. But we came in right off that order block. This kind of cements to me that the institutional order flow at this time is bullish. That can change, but at this time.
I'm looking at the institutional structure here as bullish because we're going under old lows into old institutional levels and reacting impulsively off of them. Also, it seems like we're wanting to preserve liquidity above. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take, I'll delete this just so you guys have that. I just wanted you to have that little lesson, I guess. I'm going to, actually, I'll do this, make it easier.
I'm going to set an alert on the body of that candle. See if it lines up with the one hour body. Yes, it does. So I'm going to set an alert there. I like that as an order block. And this is where when you're selecting an order block, you don't want to just look at every... I hate trading view, man. When you're looking at order blocks, in my opinion, when you...
The way they teach it and the way that it's easier to teach is that it's the last down candle before every move. Now, that would be more of a supply or a demand zone. But the way I'm looking at an order block, a true order block, because the logic behind an order block is that we witness one side of liquidity being offered in order to introduce an efficient.
breeding ground, if you will, for institutional orders. So if we're looking at it in that perspective, we need the order block to do what? We need it to raid liquidity. We also need them to happen during kill zones. So we look yesterday, look what time this order block happened. At 8.30 a.m. New York kill zone. What time do we hit into this morning? 8.30 a.m.
So this is where you can really get more confidence that there is a force at play here. Now, it's gold. We all know. Anyone who knows gold knows it's one of the most manipulated assets you can trade other than oil.
Gold, I mean, JP Morgan's even gotten fined for manipulating gold in all metals. So, you know, you could look at that as a reason not to trade it, which I've done in the past, or you could look at it as a reason to understand it. Because once you get, once you can understand the manipulation, you can benefit heavily off of it. There's a little case study on gold.
What I want to watch is that order block, and that's going to probably be a one-hour fair value gap, and watch how price reacts to that area. And if it gives me bullish structure on a five-minute, really probably even a one-minute, to be dead honest, with enough displacement, I'll get in longs and target these equal highs if they're preserved. I could see these still getting taken. We'll see.
That's gold. S&P, moving weird. I mean, not really seeing anything. Yesterday was weird too. It took out, where was it? Took out like a short-term low. I think it was the NASDAQ. This didn't take out any lows. Yesterday was weird. Straight dump. If anything, to me, this is where the buy side would be. But we also did kind of react pretty nice to this fair value gap in this order block over here.
i'm probably gonna just sit on my hands with s p for now um i wasn't really expecting to to rush anything on indices unless i really get what i want now this looks a little better i will say that we can't even took those highs um there's still quite a bit of highs up here but ideally with like a little three drive here above this level in the one minute and maybe take a cell what's bitcoin doing moving pretty nice
nothing crazy still hasn't came to where i want it so i'm not really messing with it oh yeah chc let's go over this we got break even this morning on chc i didn't take any profits so it was total break even for me but uh
The overall bias and the reason I set up for break even is because I was going to sleep last night after we entered and I don't like sleeping on stuff without being de-risked. I'll either just close it or break even stops most of the time. The other night I didn't do that. The GJN got stopped out. So I wasn't gonna make the same mistake twice. The bias for this was we talked about this on stream. The original POI was this candle right there, that up candle. We saw price move.
pretty harshly into it and moved far past the mean threshold so that tells me that that liquidity was not what price was drawing to price was and then we have these relatively equal highs we posted about this the discord said um let me see exactly what it said actually um seems like chc might may want the liquidity above these highs we'll revisit tomorrow morning on stream but not forcing anything so there's the picture before
And we see after it definitely did want those highs. So we waited until the liquidity rate was present. And once that high got pipped, we saw a pretty violent reaction. Barely got above it. And then saw a break of structure with displacement. That candle right there. Tiny fair value gap right there. So what I did was I waited for the one minute.
To break down. This is a little skewed because I opened the trade in the 15 minute. The position size will be weird. I entered it right around like here. And the reason for that is, you know, I wanted to kind of confirm that zone.
looking back, the only thing I would have done differently is played the, I don't really like trading alts with like super tight stops, but I see I could have traded the one minute entry, which the one minute entry would have looked something like this. It would have been much better risk to reward. Would have hit around like four or five R. So that's the only thing that I can reflect and look back on. I mean, it's a breakeven trade, so no harm done, but.
could have been a bigger winner had i used that stop loss but again i'm not this is the first time i've traded chc since like the bull run so using super finite um strategies that i use on larger cap assets didn't sit right with me but um we could get a market maker sell model to be honest like with one to two more consolidations up above like maybe one more
Then start to see a distribution redistribution, but that's a daily chart
I mean, the only thing that I see that it could be drawing to really is, I mean, this high maybe, but it's like, again, this chart's not super, super clear, so to speak, on what price to be drawing to. I mean, the only highs I see are this high and this high. That's it. It's literally it. There's no imbalances here. Nothing.
Weekly chart looks like it wants, I mean, really all the way up here, to be honest. If this candle closes like this, which I don't know if it will, we got five days. If it closes anything like this, I would look for CHD to come take this high. It might take a while. You might have downside first, but that would tell me that price is drawing to that area. So I said USD, JPY is dumping. Wow. Yeah, I missed my USD, JPY trade.
That's strong displacement right there. It's getting torn up.
I was expecting it to go further up higher into 137. Take out the highs above that, but I never got there. I might short it when it comes back right now. I haven't been watching USDJPY too much. I go back and forth with what pairs I trade in Forex. I'm super picky. If it's very fucking clear and clean, I'll play it. I usually do the opposite.
i play everything i just wait for a higher time frame to set up low right i've been catching like two to three hundred pips per pair because it's all about marketing structure and macros so it's pretty simple to trade you know like you can catch a nice trade on all jpy pairs right now you know whatever you're if you like risking a lot you'll probably do gbp jpy because it has a high spread you know but
Whatever fits your fancy, you trade it. I just trade sharp setups. GBPJ or USD looks fucking good. Yep. This shit looks good. This is what we talked about yesterday. We took out that low. Nice reaction off of it. A little three drive on the one hour. I want to see really how we... Let's see this actually.
We'd like to see how we close this one hour, but again, it's kind of out of the time I trade to Forex. Bro, USDJPY is dying, bro. From the time you looked at it to right now, it dropped an additional percent. Holy shit. Looks like a Bitcoin chart. Yeah, I don't know.
Euro USD is probably doing that thing too. Yep. That's exactly what we're talking about. So this is why I said, and now I'm not, I wasn't really watching these. So I'm not going to take credit for taking a trade, but I told everybody last yesterday on the Twitter and on the stream, I said on the Twitter, I sound like a boomer. But after we cleared these highs, watch for a move away from them. Right? Right off those lows. Or I said highs, but you guys know what I meant.
Also USD. Oh, this is going to be a clean one too. What's DXY doing? That's fun. We're going to end up taking that. But maybe not right now. We have a lot of retracement that's possible. If anything, to be honest, I like this level right here for DXY at some point. But I'm not really entertaining that now. We're a little bit away, but I do like that order blog.
Overall, though, we've been talking about this is 109.77 to 110.26 for a while now. Again, DXY came down. It came off at a daily imbalance. We took liquidity once with this order block right here, so that's a nice level. Now I've expanded. Seems like price, this is just too weird for me. Okay, look, almost exact equal highs.
right below that fair value gap. Also with the PMI numbers coming out lower than expected. You know, that's, I don't know, weird. So I would say might see a little relief on USD pairs though. I'm actually curious. I want to look at, we've talked about this a little bit before. Let me first look at five-year notes.
Or no, I'll do 30-year. I can't remember the ticker. It's like, yeah, let's see this one. If you guys are wondering, this is the 30-year T-Bonds. I'm just curious what they're looking like. So I want to see if everything, oops. Everything is quarterly. So they failed to make a lower low here. Well, DXY made a lower low. So.
That's all. Everything checks out there, but it's very close, I will say. Let's look at 10-year notes making a higher low. Now, if we see the 5-year notes making a lower low width, I can't remember. This is the one I think that's weird. Also, I see some questions popping up. Give me one second. I will answer them. I just want to stay focused. What is the...
i think i actually might have five years on here about 10 year i know that's the five year one that's weird because i don't look at these super often i'm just curious right now here it is right there that's what it was so yeah it's like five us note instead of um okay so that is is okay this is what you call you can use smt divergence on the bonds market and with dollar uh dollar strength index to
determine when you may see basically what you're seeing is large money is at play preparing for the expected interest rate hike. So what we can assume since we're seeing you know our benchmark asset making a lower low and then our asset which we're looking at trying to determine if it's being accumulated which is dollar strength index.
We're seeing that light divergence. It's not at the same exact time. And we're also failing to make a higher high when this is occurring. So we're looking at that. Think of the five-year note as your benchmark or your key benchmark for short-term speculation of interest rates. I think that we all know that they said straight up that they're going to...
They're expecting another 0.5% hike in September. Now, if you see extreme divergence, what we're looking for is we're trying to identify signs or evidence that the dollar is either being accumulated or distributed. So in this example, right here, the dollar is being accumulated.
So the dollars being accumulated, usually that's in anticipation of either a rise in interest rates or maybe a higher than expected rise. I don't think that they will do it like that.
But just keep that in mind. Also, it seems like we're going to push down a little bit and then we're kind of going to be drawn up to these highs. So that would go into the bias that we've had for DXY for some time now, ever since we've been down this imbalance at the beginning of the month, that we need to come up into this weekly fair value gap. That would be chaotic, to say the least, if we came down and then start to come up. That's probably what I would see happening. And then from there.
You know, you might see some relief, you might not, but that's kind of the narrative I'm seeing play out right now. So now I want to answer some of these. Somebody said EOS. Dude, everybody is asking about EOS recently. It's like the most asked about coin. I'm not playing. I guess because it's moving, but... Okay, so you came up and bounced right off that imbalance. Now you see that we are reacting visually on the daily chart.
We've also got a very nice order block right here where if you want order flow to remain bullish
You want a push down into this level with force, but then you also want the lower timeframes to give you bullish structure there with displacement. But at this moment, I see it like, okay, we've filled this imbalance. I think we talked about this imbalance before. We might have, we might haven't. I can't remember. But we filled the imbalance. And now we haven't closed this daily candle, so I'm not going to really look at this. Depending on how you close this daily candle, you might have a nice little draw on liquidity.
right at the fill because that's at an equilibrium of that little impulsive move we just made up in order to rebalance. But we need to wait for price to reprice itself and see what we're going to do. But this daily candle is going to mean a lot. Ideally for bulls, you want to close decent. You don't want to fill this gap.
without this daily candle closing so potentially could see or could have seen probably already a short opportunity and here it was um so just for future reference when you guys are watching this if we're looking at you know price after it fills an imbalance or if it's in an imbalance maybe maybe you use mitigate or uh equilibrium for you know your mitigation maybe you need it all the way filled maybe you need it
Just to be in there, whatever you use, you wait till price action is checked off that box of what you require in order to even have an eye for a trade. And then you wait for that displacement shift in market structure, which we got very clean right there. And notice it doesn't have, this isn't your internal low because your internal low would be down in here. So would your swing low. We're not looking at that. We're just looking at any high and low.
So once the lows are taken, we look for the impulse of move that caused it, and we look for the first price delivery array in a premium for sales.
And then you can frame a trade around something like that. You could put your stop loss all the way up here if you want to. Now, I wouldn't have done that in this example. You can also set your stop loss above the impulse swing. Now, with these trades, you're just looking to catch that initial reaction off of price coming back into this imbalance, the higher time frame imbalance. So if you're on a 15-minute trade, this is what I was saying about gold earlier. Let's say you caught this trade.
But you look at the daily, you're like, oh, shit, we're going to go to this daily order block. I'm targeting down here. Well, you haven't got enough structural confirmation to do anything like that. It's just not feasible. So you would look to just target the next liquidity target, which would be this value gap fill right there. Or you could even target the low. Now, look, not a crazy risk or reward, right?
If that wasn't good enough for you, you can always try to layer the one minute, which sometimes does work, sometimes it doesn't. In this example, you did get an entry, but I can't say I would have taken this because it's the same formula. So just like we have in the 15-minute shift in market structure displacement, for me, I want at least equilibrium, premium if possible. So if we look over here,
The impulsive move that cause actually it may have because I didn't say that work down there Yeah, I went right to equilibrium. That's right. So you see see how this can work So we see we take the can or the
the impulse move or sorry, impulse high to impulse low and look for the first area at an equilibrium, or, you know, you can just take it at equilibrium, however you want to do it. You know, there's different strategies. You could just take in this equilibrium or just under it, stop loss above the swing high. Now, what would you have targeted if you did that? You, you know, if you, if you base it off of the 15 minute, you could still target the 15 minute because you're confirming that 15 minute liquidity or well, that 15 minute entry. So,
you know, you can target that area. Now, if you were just using the one minute, like let's say this is, you know, just a 15 minute fair value gap and it wasn't confirming a higher timeframe. Well, then you would want to just target the next area of liquidity, which would be something like these lows down here. So again, just whenever you're taking these trades off fair value gaps and liquidity targets, they work extremely well. Oftentimes you will have no little to no drawdown. It'll be quick, but you got to be reasonable.
That's an example of how you could have played EOS. I don't really watch EOS, so there's no trade there for me. But for those of you who have been asking, it seems like it's moving pretty clearly. But if I was a buyer in EOS, I would look for price to hover around and leave a gap here. That would be nice and then kind of consolidate.
manipulate traders out and then push the upside if you want to you know push a bullish narrative so i said yes again what's up bro um so somebody said very random but can i check out drv is that crypto i don't see anything unless the stock maybe i'm assuming this is not what you're talking about
Ask me again if you're in here, ZP. Somebody said, Yo, Chief, I have a question about one of the four trading fears. Fear of letting a win turn into a loss. How can I increase my confidence in myself as a trader and get rid of that fear? Just win more. No, not just win more, but really the only way to do that is fully accept the risk when you enter a trade.
So just know that when you push that button, you're in. There's no nothing. No taking yourself out. There's no changing your mind. Nothing.
That's just really the only way you can do that. And it just comes from fully accepting the potential of loss. Because if you believe there's nothing wrong with taking a loss, then you won't have emotion that is correlated with the fear of taking that loss. If there's nothing wrong with taking a loss and you've accepted that, you know, well, this is just one of my many trades. I'm going to have losses. I'm going to have wins. I might take an L here.
And if I do, that's a little lesson I get from the market. If I don't, I make money, right? And you just don't care. That's the only way you can do that. It's by identifying the root issue, which the root issue is being afraid to take loss. And the reason you're afraid to take loss is because of the belief that you can't be a winning trader while taking losses.
Another way you can also help is backtesting if you want a more technical solution. Backtest, at least data suggests that 30 trades is the best amount to backtest, and it will have a similar outcome statistically to 1,000 trades.
So figure out the time of day you're going to be trading, figure out the exact setup, figure out the pair you're trading or pairs, and go on Notion. Notion you can get, I think it's pretty cheap if you just, it's like $3 a month if you want just a little bit. Or you could even do it on Google Drive for free. But however you want to do it, put your data in a file.
Show yourself, okay, I have 30 trades. I take them between 7 and 9 a.m. They're a liquidity rate set up. And I know it has an average 3R with a 58% rent rate. And if you have that, it'll help you know that even if you take a loss that you're going to win on the end.
He said, by the way, both risk management and the fears video were great and have helped a lot. Been sending them to all my mates. The trade, hell yeah. Awesome. I'm glad you're enjoying it, man. Adam. Yeah, let's do Adam. A bunch of people I saw. ETF. Oh, I want to ZP. I was on this. So he said it was an ETF. What was this? BRV. I'm going to finish this while I'm on it. It's real estate bear. Oh, okay. I didn't even read it.
Wasn't there home data today? I could be wrong. Okay, so daily. First, this kind of stuff, I want to look at a monthly chart. Okay, what the fuck? Yeah, they started this knowing the housing market was about to crash. They started it right in 09. No, so monthly, I mean, it's completely. It looks like fucking ICP, the goddamn shit coin. You know, I mean, the monthly chart.
You have a really wide range here. I'm not sure how much volume this gets, but theoretically you're underpriced here. The weekly chart has came down, has taken out an old low. Also, you have this fair value gap here. You're reacting very nicely off of, so I would look minimum for this right here.
I actually like this chart. It's very clean, very cut out for you as well. Easy to tell what's going on. So I would look for maybe not this exact level, but somewhere in this fair value gap. That's your weekly draw. So daily, going for this high, it looks like. You could see some moves down because if you notice, we have this massive gap right here. I'm coming off of that institutional level. This also helps show you that there is displacement here.
You know, the theoretical, what people would look at as a swing high is something like this. To me, I would look at this as the high because price came down, pulled back, and then took the low. So you've got a break of structure with massive fucking displacement. I mean, a huge gap on the daily. But you could see some movement back down into it after you fill this. But overall, I think the draw is this. Even if you come back down here, more up.
Also, everybody, again, I don't know how much volume this trades in this market, but I don't know how big of a fund this is. But it says bear shares, so I'm not sure exactly how the mechanics of it are. I'm just calling it how I see it. What is this? They split. So, yeah, that's what I'd be watching for. I don't know if you're trading this or not. Pass by. What's up?
What's up, brother? How you been? Good, bro. How you doing? Chilling, man. Chilling. Tell me where I take this GJ sell. Let me see. Oh, everything on Yin's dumping, isn't it? Dumping, dude. UJ was nasty. Probably the cleanest seller I've had in a while. Seen in a while. I think Johnny, dude. Johnny had an entry, too. I've been trading him. Aw, damn.
Bad. I took a five minute fair value gap after we rated highs on the hourly chart.
to the upside we took some outside lick like this into the imbalance oh yeah that's so fucking clean bro yep dude look at the the time and price too literally he read it uh 8 30 and then the 9 30 came bro you want to see some crazy shit well i'm gonna go i went this over this but you'll appreciate this on gold um this is clean as fuck i would i mean honestly bro if it were me i'd probably be
i'm looking at the tokyo low like all the way is this tokyo or technically my weak low yeah that one there technically your weak low was there yeah i mean for sure like if it were me i'd be out a good bit at um oh i already am yeah i'm at more than half yeah
But gold, look at gold. For those that are watching, okay, we took out that high. So if we look at gold, I talked to this yesterday. We had that push down into the daily imbalance. Down into, and right here, right? So we pushed down the daily imbalance.
perfect order block right here like true order block right we push down we take out the liquidity right it would be a three drive on the lower time frames and it happened right at 8 30. displacement to the upside all right we got that displacement break of structure down here is what i would mark and then that's where the fair value gap was took a long off this
This is why I like gold whenever you hit it. It just fucking goes straight to your TP. Hit that straight to it, but you got to take it. That's the problem. If you don't take it, you get fucked. That was a clean-ass trade. Same thing you just did on GJ. I didn't even wait for a fair value gap. That was fine enough risk for me. I broke one minute. I was confirming the 15-minute fair value gap. I was confirming the daily fair value gap. Full straight to the buy side.
yeah literally it was like it delivered beautifully and then this was similar um logic but it was a five minute um but then if we look here i'll show you this same thing basically came back down under this low
Break a structure up. Fair value gap and discount. It was choppy as fuck, though. I thought I was going to get stopped multiple times. When was that? It was yesterday. I took the trade at, like, 2 p.m., which is my first fuck up. Well, it was, like, 1.30, actually. Oh, I see. Okay. But, I mean, I shouldn't say fuck up, but I was, like, literally, like, working on shit all day. Like, I just checked my phone. I'm like, oh, damn, this trade's just, like, just. Looks good. Let me along. Yeah, I was, like, I was, like.
You know, just chilling in it. I didn't even look through all of this until it was right here. I was like, oh, hell yeah. I was playing a game. I was literally about to hop off, go to sleep. I was playing a PC game with my boy, and then I looked at TradingView before I got off my computer. I was like, oh, what the fuck? But this morning was perfect. I can't say I would have taken an entry. The five minute was actually clean. Right there. Yeah, that was really clean. I wasn't watching XAU. Damn. Yeah, but look at the time, too. 8.30 a.m.?
When the first one was made, it was 8.30 a.m. It's just like, bro, it's so manipulated. It's fucking ridiculous. It's crazy. Also, yeah, like EZ said, hit the likes. I never remember to say that shit. I'm not a true YouTuber yet, guys. But no, it does help a lot. Today we have a bunch of people in here. If everybody likes and comments, I swear I can watch the viewer count. Literally, it just starts popping up.
I wonder who my one viewer is on Twitch. Twitch is so dead for me. I have one viewer, though, every day. I think it's Granny.
i think it is free granted because i know he has twitch no what the fuck they just said on oh i hope this is not my only viewer look at this guy that's like a fucking bot says hello if you need real live high quality service to increase your viewers it heard me oh no i was like i wonder this one viewer is but my youtube's got like lives 26 right now which is fairly good
I'm home sales today. Yeah, for sure. So I said DRV airdrop. That's funny. Yeah, ask away on the questions. Also,
So I said, what chat are we supposed to use? Okay. So here, let me show you guys on screen. Cause I, I, I say it's every day and like people, like I see it afterwards where people are like, damn, like, like yesterday I felt bad. Cause Oscar was like, damn, I'm a ghost to you. And I was like, no, bro. Like you're just not in the right chat. It's this one right here. So you get to it, you literally click on late night crypto vibes and you click open chat.
Yeah, Kaz was in there. Wow, that was gold. I was just watching it fly. But I'll go in and I'll see like shit. But it's just I can't watch so many different things because I'll get shit in stream chat. I'll get a crypto chat. I'll get a DM. There's like stock chat sometimes. Damn it, Oscar. But I literally because the way I do it is I have like my I'll have like this on one screen and then I have my streaming client on the other. So that's how that's all I see. But.
You know, gold, honestly, might be a nice sell here. And right in that fair value gap. Oh, it already happened. I wouldn't have, I can't say I'd have taken that though. But this is where the sell would have been. Just took the low, value gap entry right there. But I wouldn't, it wasn't a premium, so I wouldn't have taken it. And really the target would have been, for me, would have been right here.
watch it just start flying but um i swear with gold that's one thing i've learned it's it's very satisfying to trade like if you want to trade like a a big trade on it you just got to really put the time and work in but then half the time for me it just leaves me like fucking the shit we were watching just straight left i love gold i like trading it like i like scalping it like i'm talking like in and out within yeah the session not even a session like like a morning or you know
Minutes. It's literally price targets. Target to target, and you're good. Yeah, this would have been clean, actually. Enter and set TP and walk away. Yeah, and that's the thing with gold. I don't even take partials. I just take it full. Nope. I take it full every time. Don't ever take it. This is exactly why. Look, like I was saying, if I would have taken it short, this would be the low I would target. What would happen is you'd be in some shit. Right now, your P&L is like...
It's just destroyed by that one-minute candle. Yeah, she's straight continuation. If you miss it and she gets that pop and she's already broken out, I'm literally on seconds. I'm on seconds watching the next break, next demands on her, next supplies on, whatever it is. You just catch that and just hold. It just keeps going. It's crazy. Somebody said when short Euro USD. I hope you didn't.
Short revenge, that's been the last couple weeks. Not a couple weeks, just a couple days. We talked about this low. Coming into this low...
We came into it on the higher time for that daily, and now look at this. It's perfect little on the one hour, perfect. Actually, it was GU was the perfect three drive. I would honestly, if you ask my opinion, I like GU better than I like EU. But they're similar. Oh, yeah? GU is nasty, dude. That entire, we're doing the whole story tonight. It was so nasty. Hell yeah. Hell yeah.
i haven't been trading like the last time i traded gu we traded it on here and i just got break even but i haven't there's been a lot of clean setups i back test it but honestly dude i've traded gold more than anything recently which is weird because i do that it's just it's just quick and it's just quick bro it's just so fast like what i like about it is like
it's just, it's like, I don't have to fuck with it. I don't have to sit there and be in a trade all day because right now I'm working on a lot of shit. It's not trading. So I don't want to like be trading all day. Like I love trading, but I want to get my trade and like hit my goal and be done. It's literally Wyckoff over and over and over again. I love it. It was nasty. Yeah. She's like the toxic X you can't get over. I always end up going back to her every time.
This doesn't look bad here, even in the five-minute, in all honesty. But it's really against the bias for me. I'm not going to force it. I'd rather wait for just a long to come down here because I want to catch this. What is that part of accumulation? I don't trade Wyckoff. It's like the backup.
after the after the full breakout yeah it's like backup or lps whatever oh yeah the yeah backup lps sinus strength yeah um the final reaccumulation after the breakout yeah it's just a yeah exactly a little lower time that's i love that's the only because what i've realized recently is like i trade the fuck out of like really it's just price action like there's like if you're actually trading the y cough it's just trading liquidity rates really
Oh yeah, Wyckoff, it can be super retail if you try to pattern trade it for sure. Dude, I swear, that's the thing I tell people. If you try to Wyckoff too much, you'll get fucked. We've seen it happen like eight times. Live, baby. Like live, with funded accounts. Like, oh my god, I just lost my funded.
oh we flo and i have seen flo uh what's it called um live examples of liquidation bot activated on funded accounts because people marry their wyckoff narrative and they're like it has to do this and then it just boner candle to the other side basically
basically live yeah like we're sitting here and trading the same thing oh you know oh oh okay i thought you were talking about like like a lot i was like what kind of i was like i want to watch that live stream that'd be fun there was this one dude used to do ta like um he's actually pretty big now he's pretty cool he trades different i'll shout him his name's mitch ray ta but he um i used to watch his whatever just because he was funny like not even for the ta at all but like he used to just like get hammered
and like just do ta for like hours bro but it was hilarious like he had a bunch of viewers and it was just a funny little community but um he's just i don't know if he does any like monetized but he he was funny as he's like he he trades harmonics but i saw recently he was like i know he was in carney's group because whenever i traded harmonics i i checked out scott carney's group first of all bro that is such a scam like it's like
literally it's a literal scam bro like i'm not even like it says like there's all sorts of shit that's just not there there's all sorts of fuck shit going like it because that was when i traded harmonics it was like join market recaps of every week or whatever and i joined and first of all it looks like like it looks like you're like in like 1990 which i'm cool with i kind of like stuff like that sometimes just you know it's like trading on metatrader doing a chart of metatrader it's just cool you know but uh the um
The group, it literally was like, it said it had live market updates and all that stuff, weekly classes. I joined, and this is a long time ago. It's like 2020. The last class I had was in 2014 or something. He's had that group. I was like, bro, what the fuck? I got my money back, though. My message was like, yo, I'm good. Instantly. It was the same day I was getting my money back. They actually gave it to me. Honest, at least, on that part. I think it's just that he doesn't even care.
Stupid genius dude, though. Respect for the dude. Also, Adam, I got you guys. My bad.
Kind of chilling this morning, just vibing. Okay, so we came up to the highs. I think this is four-hour equal highs. We came out and took that out. This is a while ago. I'm trying to refresh myself. We wanted to take a long off of this if we got bullish structure, but it obviously did not. I think that was before. Oh, wait. Was that before? I can't remember if that was before the equal highs or not. Because I think we were going to target the equal highs, and it may have. Let me just see something.
I think it just went to the equal highs without us. That's what it was. Because we are somewhere in here. What I'm going to do, I'm just going to X the whole chart. Every time I'm not sure on something, I do that. So I just rebuild the story in my head. So monthly, that's crypto. Honestly, the monthly doesn't look bad.
at all. So the only thing I really do on monthly charts is I just look for the institutional levels, right? Which for me, I'm just gonna look for these order blocks. So did we hit that? No, we didn't. I mean, you know.
it's so close when, and it's crypto where I almost want to kind of, I mean, you still have to stray, you can't stray from the policy, but I mean, this is really your range on the monthly chart, 28 to 28 bucks to five bucks. That's fucking nuts. Somebody said, when I look at, when looking at my charts, what do I focus on market structure or liquidity? Because liquidity determines the direction of the market maker algorithm. Honestly, I watch liquidity more. I try to look at things like,
i think that it's very important you learn market structure because we use market structure to confirm entries and to confirm a lot of biases but once you develop a true understanding of what's going on i think liquidity is your best friend that's why i saw a couple people that are like gurus they're like liquidity doesn't matter i was like what a idiot like why would you tell people that but like that's just a selling point but it's like if you understand
And that's also why a lot of people watch ICT and are like, fuck this. This makes no sense. It's just because they're not patient or they don't understand it. But and I was there at one point when I first started with this stuff. But, you know.
This is the way I like to put it. Structure helps you find the footprint of institutional involvement after it happens. If you understand liquidity, you're going to see it as it's happening. That's the way I like to explain it. What I mean by that is institutional structure to me is just highs and imbalances. That's all I give a fuck about. Where is price drawing to? That's all I care.
So now I use structure to confirm that bias once price reaches my zone. But I'm not looking at the daily structure on Adam and saying like, you know, OK, well, here's our daily swing structure. You know, we must go to this order. I'm not looking at it like that. Now, that could happen. And I will use that knowledge as a confluence if we get there. Obviously, look what else is there. But and we could, you know, but I'm not going to like.
You get you guys got I'm saying I hope I'm trying to think of explain but to answer the question I use liquidity more
Liquidity is – now, when you say without – structure is the king of all. Without structure, there's going to be liquidity. Structure is the king of all. So like I said, you need to understand it. But like when you're looking at like developing a bias and developing your trading plan or what you think the market's doing, I think the liquidity is more important personally. But that's just me. I think that's – because here's the thing.
Like you said, our leaky market makers, they're not, or algorithms, they're not looking at the daily chart saying like, okay, bullish swing structure. They're not, just not. So what they're looking at is how do they rebalance their books in the most efficient way to line their pockets. And they do that by reading the tape.
I would say that – no, I think I agree with you 100%. I would say that algorithms give you a price delivery target. Like, yes, this is – because that is written in, and obviously just structure is going to give you the narrative for that. Like a roadmap versus almost like a treasure chest location. Yes, I agree 100%.
Your structure is your map, and then your liquidity is your location, pretty much. Your longitude, latitude, yes, right here. No, 100%. Structure's telling you how we're getting there. That's a good way to, I like that. I like that a lot, actually. That's actually, I like that analogy. Analogies help people learn so much better, too, bro. I swear, just relate it. Yeah, for sure.
honestly though dude adam looks good bro like in my opinion like at this point i mean i'd move this equal high up to these equal highs because i think that was a four hour equal over here but now
It's kind of at a decisional point, I will say, because we did just get a displacement, break a structure, the downside. But if you close a daily candle like this and don't get just shot down, I would look to take all these highs. Then you're probably in it for some rough shit. But I also could look at this like the beginning of a very long three drive playing out into this monthly level. But weekly chart.
Yeah, the weekly chart tells me we went up there too. There's an imbalance right there. We kind of saw this little movement down, which yes, that gave us that daily displacement break of structure. But I look at it like you're at a decisional point. But when I'm looking at the weekly, if I'm looking at this timeframe and I'm not looking at what timeframe it is, so to speak, I'm going to tell you this down candle is just liquidating traders. And the order flow seeming at this point is still bullish.
Daily chart, a little more questionable because we did take out a short-term high, but we preserved these highs over here. Also, a lot of traders got short here. A lot of traders ate off shorts. I'm not saying, yes, when I say an early short, it doesn't...
It doesn't mean like, oh, they're early, they're a fucking moron, they lost money. I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that wasn't like the short to save them all or something, or to end them all. It's just the early trade, the first short. So it's going to be like the first line of traders that get taken out most of the time. That goes for any time frame. That's why when you're looking at a liquidity rate, and the reason you need this kind of structure is because you're looking at that short-term liquidation of the early entrance.
And then smart money leaves that fair value gap. That's that pattern. People call it Quasimodo. There's so many different fucking, but that's all that is. The actual occurrence is just the early liquidation of traders. So that's why it's another reason why I think it's important to understand liquidity because a lot of people get very two plus two and don't see things for what they actually are.
Also anonymous. I like that structure helps you see the market makers prior moves. Liquidity gives you the most exact or gives you the exact timing of their actions. Yeah, no, it's just really like, for instance, like let's look at.
Let's look at gold. Yeah. So like in this example, if you're just using structure and supply and demand, you didn't have an entry until, well, actually you could have taken the order block entry that you would have won the hardest, but let's just say you're looking over here, right? You know, you said, okay, if you're using the 15 minute and we'll just use this as an example, using the 15 minute, you know, okay, well, here's the last down candle and you didn't refine. I'm not saying this is how I'd trade it, but you would look for a return down to demand.
And I can't even say this is the prettiest zone. But, you know, if you're using liquidity, like a liquidity rate during a session, you'd say, OK, we took a low. I'm going straight into my lower time frame.
and you just enter in the fair value gap. So you would have got in the trade already. There's multiple trades to have been had. Now, they'll provide you with lower R a lot of the times, but they're much quicker. And a lot of the times, for me, they're more high conviction because the liquidity rate has already happened. As long as you're not just completely wrong.
you're not going to get stop-hunted. Now, main thing people have problems with, in my opinion here, is not taking profits the right way. So like, for instance, if you use, if I'm on a 15-minute liquidity raid, at the most, at the absolute most, you're targeting the next area of liquidity on that 15-minute chart. Now, another strategy, if you're using the one minute to confirm it, you can target the next one-minute area of liquidity that's clear.
This will give you a higher win rate, a little lower risk toward, let's just say you entered right here at the top of this fair value gap. This would have been a huge stop loss. But then you just took the trade up to the next area of liquidity on, it's really the same time frame. This is the last area you moved really impulsive from. Because you could say these equal highs, but obviously that wouldn't even be worth it.
I mean, structure is not how money is made. Simply as simple as possible. Liquidity is how it's made. You can't make money on structure. But yeah, that's just the narrative. It helps, though. It's important to know. Because I know some people are listening. They're like, damn, bro. You taught us structure. But no, don't get me wrong. It's important. But it's not the holy grail.
Yeah, I think you've got to pair anything with anything. I think you've got to have multiple confluences for every type of... I mean, I would say if you just tried to trade just liquidity on its own, then you'd have a lot harder time without pairing anything. I mean, I feel like it goes with anything. 100%. Indicators as well. Just one thing on its own isn't going to do it for you.
Yeah, it's either, for me, it's either structure and supply and demand, structure, well, sorry, liquidity, supply and demand, or structure, liquidity, and supply and demand. That's really, it's those, it's, the structure is required and the liquidity is required. Yep. Yep. Also, Adeliki said thanks to Casper and Flow, so Adeliki said thank you on YouTube. Oh, oh, thank you, brother.
God damn, there's so many scams. My comments are starting to get blown up with scams on all my... Like, thank you so much to Daniel Bryan Trader Forex. I'm so excited. Oh, bots? I'm financially free. What's up? That's rough. I just hit my first 100 subscribers. Let's go, Casper. There you go. Hell yeah. We're getting up there. I'm about to get them bots, too. Next is 1,000.
I'm almost to 1,000 now. It takes a bit. It's a grind. But once you get to it, it goes. I feel like everybody I've talked to that does well on YouTube, once they hit 1,000, that's when it starts really pushing. Just rolls. Yeah. I feel like it's the same. Same with trading. Once you get that big number, it just rolls. TikTok's the hardest one for me.
that's the algorithm once you get that it's over yeah that's the hardest one for me i guess i just have i had the least desire to do it haven't they been the the hardest two on like cryptocurrency and actual like trading strikes because i've seen dude yeah i just made a new one i just had to make a new one really yeah i didn't have to but it was shadow banned as fuck like it didn't say it was but like i went from like
like 800 views and stuff like that to like 50 views and it was because i got like i posted that that little video i made when we took the bitcoin long like not the last one but the one before that before it really pumped and i made a video and it was like had like the profit in it or whatever and i think that somehow that like completely fucked me because i got an account warning and it was just like dead so i just made a new account
but i they literally like shadow banned the phone and everything so i just bought a new shitty ass iphone and then made a new account because i'm like determined to get it right yeah they it's like snap so like in the days of the oh wow the good old snap trap saga they ban your eye it's i me i mei oh okay like your phone's mac address like a computer has a mac address which is like the device id but a phone has i mei so it's like yeah
Well, actually, I realized this is the daily imbalance we're kind of inching up on here on gold as well. It's cool in this fair value gap. Honestly, I would like to see another liquidation. It looks decent here, to be honest, but what is DXY saying? Okay. Did it take this low? That's 08, 077. Let's see what this would look like here.
I'd like to get a one-minute confirmation, if possible. USDCHF. That's what I've been watching, too. Where is it? I told Brenton I was going to look at it. I folded. I'm about to look at it right now. Yeah, I wanted some sales on this. I mean, it got the massive fucking... As with everything with the dollar, it got the massive move down. I think it'll take some... It'll probably take some...
Time you get some power of three going into a redistribution schematic if I had to guess TCHF, okay here we go See what gold's doing because the thing about gold I'd like a one-minute confirmation if because we're so close this daily imbalance that it could still be drawing up into that But we are very close to the fill and we did come into this fair value gap On the 15 minute and we took out a bunch of highs so it's
It's plausible, but I don't want to force anything, especially on a news day. True that. There's more, I'd say like 80 NAS, 65 to 70% net long on XAU. Good. The community USDCHF is like 75% net short. I don't like that. I want it. I want it short. I don't want it. I don't want everybody else to want it short. Look at that chart.
They just took out the equal highs on USD CHF. Oh, yeah. It does look nice, actually. Hmm. That weekly kind of looks nuts. I think I was looking to long this a while back. It was early July. Yeah, I had TA then.
If we get a confirmation entry here on the one minute, it'll hopefully give enough risk to reward, but we'll see. I'd like for it to form a swing high here, or I mean a low here, make a new high, and then break a structural displacement. That would be the ultimate. I guess not ultimate, but that would be ideal. Because right here, if we came down and broke structure, you're just already almost to the target. This GJ range is going to be the death of me.
I haven't been a fucking DJ because of that. I wanted to do something. It's just so, like, just, like you said, just range. Yep. Literally been weeks. Like, literally. Literally weeks of just, like, nothing. I mean, there's something, but nothing, like, where it's like...
like when i look at gj nothing clean it's just up and down yeah it's just like liquidity and it's like not even like like this to me is just generating so much because it's like like whenever you pointed out those equal lows that's what it was but it's like this motherfucker would get this close and then it's like no and then it comes up here like then it comes up here and this is the like it's bouncing off this like i'm like nah fam i can't i can't trade that shit right now you can but it's like i don't
I want like, if this gets cleared, like I get this cleared, then I start to move this way. I'm like, okay, but I have, then it'll probably just like take out a minor low or like have made a low right here. And then I'd be like, yeah, I'm definitely more, I would say reacquing bias just based off of like distribution to accumulation, manipulation of highs to manipulation of lows, but obviously structures and on my side. So it's been annoying. It's been annoying for sure.
That's interesting. I honestly, for a while there, I was fucking with EJ. I haven't looked at this in a little bit, though. But it's starting to be the same shit. Mike was putting me on to EJ. EJ's chill. For a while there, it was very clear what we were drawing to, like over in this range. I like that. And then right here, we came out of the imbalance. And now we're kind of just, I think it's indecisive here. Came out of this imbalance, moved off it nicely.
Starting to generate a lot of liquidity above all these highs. But I don't know why we're moving down if we're not drawing to at least this low right there. I haven't even looked at stocks. What have they even done today? Okay, I did give a nice setup, honestly. But it was too late in the day for me. Yeah, shorts are paying. Yeah, they're nice. Very wide range, though.
I have a strategy with the indices. It doesn't really fail.
Never. You just have to watch Apple and Tesla. Bronx never miss? Oh, it doesn't, bro. Apple, Tesla, the heaviest weights in NASDAQ and NES. Yeah, you can do SMT divergence. Go look at the Apple chart. Go look at the Apple chart and the Tesla chart and compare it to the S&P 500. Do you ever do SMT divergence? Basically, for instance, see if...
Holy shit, that gap. See if Apple and everything's making lower lows, but the benchmark asset hasn't. That can also show that, for instance, if NASDAQ's making a higher high, while Tesla and Apple are making lower lows, you could say that index futures traders are distributing their...
their share or their, their contracts based on the, their, the anticipated devaluation due to the, the assets. Yeah. That's, that's, that's, I mean, it's a good strategy for sure. Like I also watched the flow on Tesla and Apple. Cause I like for options because what, what people don't like, some people don't know is that when you go long or short on an options contract, the broker has to have.
the shares to back that move up in case you get executed so if that that's how amc happened and all those in gamestop you know that's a short squeeze quote unquote people go short the broker needs to cover so they need to buy shares there's no more shares left in the market so now they have to bid higher for the shares and then that's how the shorts get fucked um
So for these, the way I look at it is like, all right, if I see the charts moving down, my divergence would be I look at the option flow and the contracts. If they're going to the sell side or like if we're moving down and they're going to the buy side, I'm a chill because we're about to get a big pop because, you know, we have, like you said, the NASDAQ and ES are trailing up. Those two stocks are coming down, but the options flow is going up.
so that's my divergence right i'm like oh i can't touch this you know because there's no direction but if everything's pointing the right in the same direction it's like like right now i'm about to catch a lot of pips on es because tesla apple just broke the short level to the downside so broke 16708 so we should pull back just a little bit here and then continue to the downside and then tesla just needs to break 880 which is like two three bucks away and
the smp and nasdaq should slip from there because you'll have boeing slip nvidia slip and these slips so all of fang slip and then yeah it's it's they run the market
yeah for sure i mean because like at the end of the day the contracts to get traded on yes it's a lot of floor traders so they are paying attention to all that but and also manipulating a lot of it but um you know that's the the smt divergence it's like because people always think you can only do it with like dxy and currencies but you can do with any benchmark asset like we you could like i was just saying we do with fucking interest rates you can do it with
everything oh yeah i used to use interest rates they're not popping right now they're not hitting in dxy is not hitting with the market either like we haven't really been you don't think like dxy is like on point not with stocks i guess maybe but like in general like i feel like it's on point with it well not like lower time frames but like the daily like i feel like because if we look like what was this like 8 10.
And then that's when it started flying. And then it was 8-10. This is where you got that divergence. It was like fucking ass shit. But it's not moving in correlation. But that tells me right there that this was fucking getting distributed like a motherfucker at S&P. Yeah, I went short right there at that level. I was expecting it to pull back. We were looking at that level. That was such a sweet level. Right now, though, I feel like we could push up to...
once we come down and clear some liquidity we could possibly push up to 449 on the on the um smp it would be perfect to clear early shorters
Yeah, that'd be nice. Because it still correlates with ICT. If you go to the weekly, you'll see that there's this big-ass inefficiency in a WIC that needs to be mitigated. I mean, it doesn't have to be mitigated right now, but if I see signs of volition, I'll probably go buy some options contracts for that level. Because it's pretty sweet. Like the weekly, like you said, if we go down into like...
spx like down into these like 40 78 40 13 like that area there's a lot of shit in there that i could see uh at least if not even a move like that high at least like a bounce like depending on how we close this candle and the next candle after it like there's gonna be a massive imbalance if we don't close if we don't leave an imbalance then yeah it looks like it's gonna go for the highs yeah like right now if you if you check tesla here i'll show you my my chart
like tesla apple and all these people are are uh moving in correlation right now so like what you'll see what i see usually is tesla will move down and apple will move down first and then you'll get es and and and q i was waiting for these higher levels but i just marked it sold because apple and tesla started breaking but you can see right there that you know they're pulling back heavy
You see ES and NQ. ES broke structure to the downside, and NQ's about to do it. But Apple and Tesla are more heavily weighted in the S&P 500. Oh, hell yeah. That's like the entire S&P 500. Not really. It's like a lot of it, though, isn't it? It's like some crazy percentage. It's like 30% or something combined, or 40%. It's crazy.
And if I'm trading oil, I trade against Aramco, which is worth the entire NASDAQ and the S&P combined. Somebody said up 4K on gold. Fuck yeah. He took it, I guess. He just said fuck it. Hell yeah. I'm happy, man. That's what's up. Yeah. See, in the one minute, like for me, I didn't really see much. The only displays I saw was right there and it wasn't in a, what's it called? A premium.
Not enough for me to want to take a sell just because of the news day and the imbalance is kind of lurking above so I'm kind of just hanging out But I'm glad you made some money off that who is who
Oh, shit. I just realized what time it is. I got to hop off. You guys, I got some other stuff I need to get done. I always do that in the days that I need to do. Should I sit on stream? But I appreciate the fuck out of all you guys. Discord was popping today, too. Everybody was in here. I like it when people come in here and chill because it's like it's not me just talking to myself. But no, I appreciate the hell out of everybody. Again, if you're watching this and it did help, please like it.
subscribe to me, comment, whatever. I appreciate it if you do. It's fine if you don't. And I will see you guys tomorrow. Peace.
