What's good? Yeah, morning session with indices this morning is pretty crazy. It moved fast. It wasn't like the best RR, but I just targeted New York lows after we had this three drive and we had a market structure break with the displacement. What I did here, this is something I've been kind of messing with recently, is if you don't have like a really clear area on any time frame, I just measure the impulse move and I'll watch price as soon as it comes into this area.
and to me this was kind of like an institutional candle right here so um for me that's kind of that was why i took this trade it was very fast there was no time to signal it it was within a minute it was already the risk reward already wasn't the greatest it was right under three but um still a decent trade in the west um
S&P, the S&P is giving almost like, it's almost looking like it wants to be a long, but where I'm getting that from is this low right here was taken and this morning low right here was taken as well. And we saw a nice reaction from there. Price started to expand. We broke above the high right there with displacement. We got our fair value gap.
That would have been the long, but for me, I don't see a clear target. So it'll be kind of a case study for me. And also my bias is still down. So it'll look something like this.
But then it's like, where are you going with it? You know, like these equal highs, or not these equal highs, these up here possibly. But even then, you know, it's not even a 2R. So NFC's kind of been boring this week. They're not really giving us much of a range to work with. But I think what's happening is price is getting just distributed after this massive run, after we had the... Oh, and I appreciate it, vibing through your city.
We've had this massive run after the FOMC. Even the weekly imbalance was filled on S&P. We went over this yesterday on the Outlook video. If you didn't see that, feel free to go back and watch. We came up, we tapped into this daily order block, filled all the imbalances on the daily and the weekly, and now we've had this massive impulse move with imbalances down below. For me,
You know, we have not only do we have a weekly imbalance, we have a daily imbalance and then a daily order block down here. I'm more concerned at the imbalance. But I think that that's what we're going to end up going for. Another down candle like today, I mean, this is already moving along how I would. It's too early to call it for sure. But unless this candle really pushes to the upside and closes green, it looks like price is drawing back down to something below.
which for me is going to be any kind of POI in a discount. So I'm not paying this imbalance much attention just because it's not in the discount of this impulse move. I like this one down here. Also, if you're going from a supply and demand standpoint, that's where there's a nice sweep zone on the four hour right here. And what I mean when I say a sweep zone.
as we swept a low and created demand at the same time so we swept the low smart money created a sell-off and induced a lot of sell-side liquidity right they took people's stop losses and then they bought them up and pushed price higher
Oh, yeah. Also, I always forget to do this. If you guys are on YouTube, comment on this shit because it actually helps a lot. It's crazy how many more viewers it'll get when people start commenting. And ask me coins to do TA on. So I have something to do because today I'm still in some Bitcoin shorts that I got in yesterday.
It looks they look good at this point. But if indices start to push up, they'll probably follow with. But it looks like just redistribution, a lot of little redistribution schematics. But it almost seems like they're going to play into one larger one. Like it seems like this all could be redistribution because we know the low timeframes make up the high timeframes. And if that's the point or if that's the case, I still like this one hour institutional candle. I think there's going to be a lot of orders within this because this is where the impulse have moved down.
Well, I guess really here is where it originated. But there's no law that says we have to go up there. This trade for me is de-risked at this point. So I'm kind of just hanging out on this. After a week like last week, you'll see a lot of the times that you won't have a crazy...
amount of opportunities the next week because everything is kind of cooling off because everything was just fucking insane and this is where a lot of people go in the market and they rush in order to they feel like you know they're high off the last week because we did fucking phenomenal last week whether you're in stocks or crypto section of the discord either one you did fucking phenomenal last week if you follow the signals
and um everybody's itching to continue on that crazy like you know winning spree but i promise you that'll be the death of you as a trader what i see though here on bitcoin is uh these equal lows these are this kind of has my interest as far as like the lower time frames and then also that coincides with this daily imbalance it's the same thing as indices we have a massive impulse move um we didn't fill any uh you know imbalances here at bitcoin except the four hour one
which we had talked about that for a while. That Tesla dump created a high that front ran that zone, inducing all the early shorts, and everybody was shorting Bitcoin all through here. They thought, oh, yeah, we're going new lows, new lows. And then, you know, Bitcoin did Bitcoin things and pumped uncontrollably. But along the way, that left some imbalances. So this is really where my interest lies as far as for buys. Anywhere in this...
green zone if i start to see the four hour um start to change character with displacement i'll be um you know happy to look for longs but until then i'm just waiting um and holding out this short i wanted to look at i got an alert on xmr but i don't know why but it i remember it was this change of character because we talked about this yesterday um you know it's
It's questionable because, you know, we did come right back down into a discount and move pretty violently away from it. So, you know, price could be trying to make a run for it here. And we did get a change of character right here. So looking at that wrong template. So we got that change of character. You know, we came into a discount.
And we came into our demand zone. So at this point, since, you know, it's not the ideal level because we didn't really feel this daily imbalance all the way. I wish we would have. But I'm still going to go in and start refining and see, you know, where did this move really originate? So for me, I can go ahead and go to this one hour candle because we see this massive, you know, big bodied candle came right after it. So we know that that is probably going to be of interest. Now, if I got a 15 minute.
um let's see in this candle right here that was a complete doji has the same opening close that that's interesting because there's a low that front runs it i think that's going to could be going a little too uh too much let's see if we i don't think we tapped it even if it did hold on let's see no you know i'll see hmm
What I'm going to do is I'm just going to keep the one hour for now. I'll keep that in mind. But mainly what I want to see to confirm this zone is the 15-minute here switch. Wait, actually, hold on. That's right. We refined the four-hour zone. Sorry. So now what I'm looking for in this area, now that we've refined that down, is a 15-minute change of character. And it looks like we got that. That would have been right here.
We haven't really came back down into where I would consider a buy zone. So we did get and create a nice low that front ran it. What I'm going to do is I'm going to set an alert for right here to watch for a five minute confirmation entry. And what that means is I'm going to wait for price to come back down into this zone and give me that same change of character right there. And that'll introduce a new demand zone that we can then buy off of. And we'll just target the weak highs above.
The key to with these setups is just being patient. You know what I mean? And just, what does it say? Does XRP look like a huge... Yeah, actually, it's funny you said that. I'm not really a huge Wyckoff guy, but I know that XRP over a year's time looks insanely fire. We'll go to the bit stamp chart. This is old STA. It's crazy. It's crazy how much you change your... There's a harmonic there. Here, actually. Let's see what this is. I haven't used harmonics in a minute.
Oh, yeah, this is what it was. It was like there's like this massive was a Garly or wait, not a Garly. Garly 618. I haven't used harmonics in forever.
Oh, shit. My mind's completely blank. But it was a massive, like, you know, you could predict, so to speak, the harmonic. But those are more just out of speculation. On the weekly, we've been sitting in this demand zone with a weekly imbalance fill for some time now. So that automatically is pretty bullish.
Let's do it. I want to keep an eye on nos and stuff because I think that Yeah, that's awesome. I Almost held this for longer too because it was short are but I'm glad I didn't
It looks like she wants to push to the upside here, but again, it's just the targets are just not there for me right now. There's no clean target. I'm not going to target all the way up here. You know, it's just as far as intraday. I mean, I guess you could, but usually every time I do without the indices and there's no clear areas of liquidity or imbalances that are close by. I always get in a trade that ends up getting break even. So let's go back to XRP real quick.
if the indices start pushing upside crypto is probably going to go with it right wrong time frame so starting out on the um oh i'm on the wrong chart too i was like wait what around the weekly we're in that you know weekly institutional candle there's a small imbalance that got filled as well that's where you see this initial reaction was i guess off of coming into that imbalance
But we haven't had the weekly change of character yet, which would be right here. If that weekly change, if XRP gets above $0.43, $4.3282, I would look for a pullback probably up into this region up here. And that'd be being conservative. Let's go down to a daily. For whatever reason, it just automatically makes it not visible.
So the daily structure is actually a little bit cleaner as far as, you know, our swing structure for me. I mean, this is enough for a daily pullback for me. So really, our daily swing structure is similar to this weekly internal high. Sorry, I couldn't get it out there. But really, this would be the high up here for me.
Bailey is still bearish, but it's obviously shown us desire that it wants to pull back. That being said, it already has pulled back into a premium and filled these imbalances. So really what I see on XRP as of right now, because I try, here's the thing, here's the thing with Wyckoff to me. It's really good in hindsight and it's really cool whenever people like talk about it and post about it. And it sounds like really, you know, awesome, but like,
Most of the people that use it, there are some that use it, but most people don't even make money off of it. It's just speculation and a bunch of cool ideas. It does work. Don't get me wrong. I'm not going to be that guy who says it doesn't work. But I'm just saying that I think among more people that use it than not, it just inspires speculation and trying to anticipate stuff that's going to happen, which at the end of the day...
we are trading. So we're trying to anticipate, you know, we're trying to know the market's next move. I get that. But I think that you should have more of a reactive strategy instead of a predictive strategy. Like, which I think like looking at like, oh, is it reaccumulating? Oh yeah, but it was reaccumulating and trying to redistro. Or I mean, it was accumulating and trying to redistro. Like you can, you know, sometimes look at it and use it with your other confluences. Like I'll even do that, but don't just like,
Don't only use that, so to speak. I just try to look at stuff more like just liquidity because that's, I mean, again, like Wyckoff.
It's good, but really at the end of the day, it's just liquidity hunts. So I try to use a little bit more direct technical strategies instead of trying to predict stuff. But really here with XRP, what I would see is it seems like we're drawing down to something. There's something down here we're drawing to. I would say it's probably this imbalance right here. Daily imbalance.
So it seems like we want to draw down to that because we came up and filled this right here. It seemed like we're pushing away from it and drawing to something else. There's also this daily order block right here.
That could be something to watch out for too. What else we just did for him? This is actually setting up really nice. So look at that. Look at the equal highs. That's going to be a good target if price does decide to turn around. I'm going to add this to my watch list. That looks really good.
Come down into this area and I see the four hours start to show bullish signs. Oh, yeah. I will go long straight up to this 41 cents. And this is really all you need to know right here. Just watch for something in this zone. I'm actually going to set an alarm here. Probably won't be using this chart to trade, but I'm still going to leave it. This actually looks really good.
So because we have that break of structure right there, and you can also intertwine the supply and demand. So look, we got a daily change of character. So let's go ahead and refine that daily zone into a four hour zone. I would say this candle right here. And, you know, I always include the Wix just because there's probably liquidity down there.
And then after that, it seems like we wicked down. Maybe it was this candle where we had that imbalance. I know it's not a down candle, but it seems like that's what price wanted because it formed those equal lows right on top of it and then stopped at those traders. So at this point, I'll just look on the four-hour for where demand was introduced. And that's going to be right here. Whatever candle breaks, it's a four-hour change of character. Seems like it kind of ran away because what I would...
Unless it happened down here. Let's see. Actually, technically, yeah, it would have been right here. That's what happened. And the reason I say that is because some people use the swing high logic where it's kind of just like a visible high and low. But if you want to be technical with it, the price came down, pulled back, right? Then we created a new low right here.
Price pulled back, created a new low right there. And that's what I was looking at. You look for the most recent candle that has the criteria we use for a high. And then we pull back, clear out that low. So then right here was the high. And you can see that price. Actually, I would say technically one of these candles would be the high. So in this situation, what I do is go to a one hour because the price is moving pretty crazy. And a four hour, when it's happening, you can tell which candle.
created a lower high first like for instance if we are in the four hour right now we don't know whether you see how this candle right here it takes out the high and the low we don't know which one first so we just go into like a one hour and take a look at it that way
And it looks like, can't even tell here, super volatile. Let's go to like a 15 minute because it is important because if it took the high first, then, you know, it was a low. So it looks like it took the high first. So really the change of character I'd be paying attention to as far as like where the demand was introduced was after that, because here we have those sweep zones. So now we can go to like one hour and
I would just use this whole candle because that gives us that sweep zone. Now, it's a huge candle, but what I would do at this point, you might be able to refine on a 15-minute.
There's probably a couple candles you could have chosen. It would have been pretty hard to select. Usually when you have these big pushes down, that's institutional volume. So I'll just leave it there and I'll just watch for the first 15 minute change of character in that zone. This is where using maybe like, you know, an equilibrium perspective can help because you see it came right back down to the equilibrium right there. Or maybe selecting a POI that's just barely into a discount or something along those lines.
Really here, price came back down. It definitely ran away and never gave you that 15-minute entry. But this is on BizStamp, so I don't know how it is on each exchange. Price came down. And then really, this would have been your, I guess, the highest one between there. So what I would have looked for is price to come back down and come into maybe this order block here. But we obviously see that never happened, which you get that a lot of times with alts. They just...
They don't really give the cleanest price action, or I shouldn't say clean, but they won't give you the same kind of entries that trading other stuff will. But nonetheless, we see that the demand is being respected. While we did leave some pretty massive inefficiencies on the way, I don't think that that necessarily is necessary to be filled. But I mean, in the future, it could be some zones to pay attention to, especially this whole four-hour zone, which is where we got that lower time frame zone.
What I would watch for, see, that would have sucked. You would have been watching it all the way from here, got your confirmation entry, and it just went without you. That was, what, a month? Yeah, about a month. But that's how I go sometimes. More so what I'd be watching right now. That was kind of just for backtesting.
is a push down into these areas here, preferably into this imbalance under this low somewhere, probably somewhere in this four-hour imbalance. And then you want to see that same four-hour change of character. You just want to see us go from making lower lows to higher highs. And then you look for newly introduced demand because anytime we make a lower low or a higher high or we have a change of character, you always are going to have demand or supply there.
You know, that supplier to me, like for instance, like right here, there's supply in this candle, right? Does that mean we want to trade off of every single candle? Not necessarily. You know what I mean? But it does, there is supply. There was supply dumped into the market here in order to take out these lows. But it's really important to identify the significant levels and choose those rather than just choosing every single supply and demand zone. SRM. Yeah, I got you.
I'm guessing this is probably one giant harmonic. I don't even really use harmonics anymore, but no, it's way too far in the B-point. Is there a reason you stopped using harmonics? Yeah, they do work very nicely, but I've found much more consistent and higher risk-to-reward setups with Smart Money. Because even when I was using harmonics, at the beginning, I was just using harmonics. That was, I don't even know, that was probably almost two years ago.
I started to kind of use them with smart money. Like, for instance, we had a QNT play that we called that went fucking crazy for a while. It was more like the first. This probably doesn't look like it went crazy, but to put in perspective, the TP that it did hit was 63% in three days. But what we did here was, and it ended up getting stopped at a breakeven, but what we did was there was a, what was it?
There's a massive harmonic here that fell right into this. I can actually go back and find it in the server. So you guys can just see it too. Where is it? Oh, it's probably from a different... That's KSM. It was up 62% in like however long. I think it was like three days. But okay, that's because I'm on a different chart. That's block too. Why does it keep showing? There we go. This is like... The limits were called so far back it won't even.
There we go. Limits were called on December. You got to be fucking kidding me. There we go. I thought that was going to close. Did that end the stream? No, it didn't. Okay, cool. Yeah, the limits were called back here. I think it was a bullish bat that fell into an order block. Sorry, it took forever to show that, but I did want to share that. That was how I was starting to use them for a little bit.
But I guess just to answer the question in short, I just, I like smart money better. It gives better risk to reward. But, and plus two harmonics are another kind of predictive thing. Anyways, kind of got off track there, SRM. But let's look at this on a weekly. It's just a giant M pattern. I mean, you know, if this is in the bottom, then I don't know what is zero, but.
Once something like this happens, I don't really find much interest in it personally. I guess you could say you've swept all liquidity that there ever was. Anyone ever had a stop loss based off a price that got hit? I guess that's one good thing. I don't know. I just think there's a lot of stuff to watch.
I think your attention is better set somewhere else. Especially, like, look how, like, no one cares about this coin. Like, look at the, I mean, I guess this is a pretty big move. It just doesn't look like it. And percent wise. Yeah, it is. But, um.
I don't know. I wouldn't really pay much attention to it. I think people, when they're newer to trading crypto, or they traded during the bull run, they always want to watch the coins that went crazy then. But a lot of those coins are just complete fucking scams. Which I don't think SRM necessarily is one of those, but I definitely think that whatever interest was in this coin is gone for now. If you like it, if you like SRM and you're not a buyer here, then...
I don't know what to tell you, but I wouldn't touch it. I would just watch something else. Looking at a daily chart, it looks like you're going for this imbalance right here. If you don't reverse there, it looks like you're probably going back down here. That's really all I would focus on is just this imbalance right here. Again, I wouldn't even waste your time with this. H bar.
And when I say that, I mean it from a trading perspective. If you love SRM equity and you think the project's awesome, then now is the time to buy. But I'm not really looking to dump bags into equity like that at most coins. So that's where my perspective comes. So if you like it and you're asking if it's a good area to buy into it at, I mean, if you're not buying now, then there's really nowhere.
to buy, you know, except like zero. H-bar, this is taking a fucking massive hit. I wonder if there's a better chart than the perp chart. Yeah, definitely. Came down and filled this imbalance right here. So that's good. You filled that imbalance. Seems like the next draw on liquidity is this right here, which is what you're pushing towards. So your weekly draw on liquidity above.
This is probably where price wants to go. But there may be something that we tap before we go up there on daily chart. So let's go there. I mean, if this day closed higher, because it's like you can have this move down. And if you start to close higher, then it was just cleaning out sell stops. But if you don't see price start to impulsively push away, which it could because it cleared out this imbalance right here and this high.
We could see like a push down into this imbalance right here. We're also into this order block, which we already did push into the order block. So what I would do, if I can fucking type, nothing really much of interest yet. I mean, yeah, it's tapping off the order block nicely. And this is really the first time it's tapped into it after, I don't know, actually, because it wicked up pretty high right here. I would be more interested in the imbalance down here.
um seems like the four hour switch structure is bullish all right let's see i don't know actually theoretically you didn't get a closure but it is kind of one of these like illiquid shit coins so um i mean if i'm looking at this then you know okay we had uh price came down
up down break a structure right right here we didn't really pull back till right there so then you know that was your swing high and this is your swing low so you know just like that wasn't a closure or this because we didn't get or i mean a break of structure because we didn't get a closure you know i would consider that to not be
cleared out right there because we didn't get a closure now unless we start to reverse and we form a weak high but it's still in that decisional point um it's probably just the rest of crypto i was just watching this chart and yeah for srm um yeah i don't know man it is interesting but i think that coin is kind of come and gone for right now this kind of price action makes me think we're seeking higher stuff
Oh, yeah, that's clean. I don't know anything in a discount. Yeah, everything looks like it wants to push higher. Really, today's closure and tomorrow's closure are going to tell me a lot because, for instance, if we close the day in a down candle today and then tomorrow start to see buy side rates, I'll definitely be more apt to target down here.
If today close is bullish, I mean, really the only area of liquidity we even have to target is 420, or it's 4,200 on SPX, but, you know, for the actual S&P. Also, you've got some, I haven't marked these yet, but equal highs up there. So, yeah, those are the two main areas of interest if price does want to continue higher. Again, after this massive run like that, you kind of just got to,
Somebody said, I don't understand what's going on with ICP. That shit's done. Let's look at it. But that was a Ponzi from the beginning. They opened it at like $2,500. That shit's done, dude. I mean, it's been running. Who knows? I could say that it runs 1,000%. But again, it's like, I mean, come on. Come on, dude.
I promise. Like, I know you're not saying that you like it. All you said is you, I'm just, when I say, come on, dude, I'm not direct out of you. I'm just saying like, there are people that like, like want to want this, like they want to buy this, which is just beyond me. It's like when people, well, I'd say when people bought Luna, when it dumped the first time people made money off that, but the people that just held it, like thinking it was go to like, you know, back to like $50 or something like you're just, that's just, I don't know. That's beyond me. FTM.
i think we like started on this and didn't finish it or something because i just have one level mark um the weekly seems like it wants to come back down to this area because it came pretty close left there just a little bit of an imbalance um they only got that change of character right here this is the supply that sponsored it i have an alarm set i don't even know or we did do more
I think I just didn't mark stuff because we have the draw on liquidity scene. This one's interesting because it's kind of just sitting around. It came back to what looks like equilibrium of the impulse move. Yeah. So it came back down right out of the equilibrium right there and pushed away. So, you know, I mean, that could lead to more bullish narrative.
Tail structure tells me that I don't really, I won't just go off of an equilibrium bounce. I just don't really see much to the upside as far as any kind of, other than this high, obviously, but that's a far ways off. I just don't see a ton of really obvious areas. And it's kind of how Forex has been. If I don't see obvious areas, I just kind of chill.
Cause it's going to be like that sometimes. Like you're going to like, there'll be times like here, I'll show you. This was for intraday stuff. I came in and started to just look at this this week and you know, like, yeah, you could say this imbalance up here.
You could say that was obvious here, but I just didn't like all these highs here. And, you know, it came to the week, like right here, I'm like, you know, we're about to clear out equal high. It's just, it was too, you know, what if, you know, questionable for me to where I'm like, you know, I'll just sit it out. Same with, okay, it actually did go where I wanted to go, but I need to set alerts. I haven't been trading for X as much lately.
We could see some potential JB, or not JB, what the fuck, GJ. ICX, yeah, and BNB, I got you. I'm going to go over this one first. Are these all bolded? Why? So now we've swept this liquidity. Do you guys want to know how I did that, huh? I'm just kidding. Nice move away under this zone. I like this zone right here.
what i'll do is i'll wait for um price to come back down into that area and then i'll see if the m15 is going to switch bullish because really i am using a one hour poi but i'm kind of refining it from a four hour zone
I feel this imbalance should cool down a little bit, but we could even come down and preferably would like to sweep the lows, but I'll still watch price if we start to reverse here. So we did just remove a lot of the, that was really the draw on liquidity at that point was these equal lows. Now that we've removed that, we know that we just look for, okay, well, what is the most recent price delivery array in a premium?
which is going to be right up in this area. Yeah, and no problem on FTM. It's just chilling, man. I think that it needs more time as well. So yeah, I'll chill on this one for right now too, but soon. This looks pretty good. And the next target would be this imbalance right there. It's a lot of pips. What was the next one? BNB. I had watched this a while ago.
This breaker smacked. I didn't even know. I think it was a one hour. Let me go on the daily. I remember I used to keep all my TA on my chart. I just would never delete it. I don't know how. I delete shit. I just hit that trash can button so fast. You feel this weekly imbalance. That's something to be mindful of. Not necessarily just, okay, now we're going for the low. I will say, though, you do have
Very clean equal lows. I could be a nice target at some point I think this low did spike this low, but
There's still going to be a shitload of sell stocks under there. I wouldn't pay it too much. We'd need two weeks closing to the downside before I'd even really consider that. The daily, on the other hand, it tells me it wants a little lower. But look, this is the same as all crypto. I promise, you'll learn at some point, if you just watch Bitcoin, as far as on a macro perspective, you can get a general gist of everything that you need to know.
Cause I used to not even like trading Bitcoin a long time ago. Like I was like, I just, cause whenever you first start trading, you think in like percents and people be like, oh, Bitcoin doesn't move, but it's like.
From an equity standpoint, I get it. That's not the coin I'm going to be buying most of the time. But from a trading perspective, you shouldn't even think in percents. That's just fun and cool to show off a P&L. What you really should be thinking of is what's your risk to reward. And I promise, Bitcoin gives good risk to reward. Anything that has institutional involvement will give you precise enough levels to have good risk to reward.
But enough of my preaching. The daily on BNB, our swing structure, bearish, came into a premium, tapped into all these imbalances. There's not really a clear area of supply on the daily chart, except it's probably going to be somewhere in this region right here, but it's a huge region. Maybe we can go to four hour and find something clearer.
I don't really see anything that wasn't tapped already in a four hour. Again, I'm not really paying attention as much to that. I'm just watching the imbalances because this BNB is a higher cap coin. There's definitely institutional involvement in it. So sorry, I'm eating Kiwis. Yeah, I mean, it seems like price is drawing down to something. It's kind of reacting to these imbalances. That's where it's getting these little pushes to the upside. But where I would be really interested would be in this between these two levels because, you know, you're in, you come down to this daily order block.
And that's a buying opportunity itself if prices to remain bullish. You know, as far as, you know, are we going to still because it's bearish swing structure. But, you know, if crypto decides to remain bullish, this is where you'd look to be a longer. But again, for me, I would be my targets would not be that extended because I'm looking at this from a perspective of, you know, in a higher time frame context of, you know, well, the daily is bearish.
We've got weekly lows down below and a massive weekly imbalance down below that. Right. And tons of inefficiencies here, just like all of crypto. And, you know, even though we come down to this area and that's going to be our four hour discount, because here's our swing structure.
You know, we're going to have to operate being mindful that, you know, there's a highly likelihood that you could get your four hour confirmation. Like, for instance, you might get price to come down to your demand zone and then it might switch on the 15 minute and the five minute and the one minute and you target all the way up here. And guess what happens? It just goes to the nearest imbalance and then tanks because people fail to realize that the higher time frame narrative is playing out because really what the higher time frames are telling us.
is that we're in a daily bear swing structure. And if we start to change character here, which it would be a lot for BNB, it would actually be a break of that four-hour swing structure. But that's when you'd look to actually target these lows. So this is going to be the decisional point between this 261 and 249. You might see some buying opportunities there. That's what I would be looking for. And then, okay, let's say the buying opportunities don't play out. Well, now we have a new bias we can sell.
So it really doesn't matter how it unfolds. It just matters that we make money off of it. ICX. Holy shit, you can tell it's been a while. Damn, this motherfucker. Weekly, I mean, you've taken out. It's kind of like, looks like SRM. It's like massive fucking death M. But what we took out, let's see if there's a different.
one of this was my brain's thinking in harmonics now what's the lowest i can get close enough so i can be actually using it i need a 3a2 look kind of like it could be um let's see over here i'm just curious now i will say though on the higher time frames like weekly and daily you can have pretty good success with harmonics i don't see anything of interest here though but um
Yeah. It's like, what are you reacting off of? You know, like, okay, so we have this. Did you feel an imbalance? I mean, you took out this low, but I mean, Jesus, how much significance did that hold? It was not really a very clean level. You know, it's like, what did you really hit? Like, why did you stop falling? It was probably because the rest of crypto did it. I don't know, but...
It seems like the draw on liquidity on the weekly is this imbalance. That's what price is moving towards.
Also, an idea I had, I just remembered this, but I forgot it for a little bit. If you guys ever want this TA that I'm doing, the weekly and daily picture, so you have the levels, just comment your Twitter name. Right now, I won't go back and do all the ones we did today, but in the future, if you comment like, hey, check out ICX, if you have a Twitter here, put your Twitter down, and I'll actually copy it.
tweet it and at you in it so you can like go copy the levels because that's probably easier than watching the video again um daily if the daily starts pulling back i would look for down in this area and notice how this is a lot of crypto we're seeing a daily order block with an imbalance inside of it it's like a magnet
So while our weekly imbalance is up ahead, above, looks like we also hit into some buy to sell supply. So anytime you have these wicks where it's like a wick that your massive move down or up and you see like a wick in the opposite direction, you have these two wicks, that's going to be, you're going to be able to find an order block from that zone in a lower timeframe. Didn't hit it at the top area yet. So I would, and also look at that. It's right with our weekly imbalance. I would look for price to come up to. This looks like a massive redistribution schematic too.
But I would look for price to come up here. Honestly, dude, I would short the shit out of this up here. If we come up there, you can short that bitch all the way down. But that just depends if it reacts. Yeah, that would be insane. But yeah, I would watch.
for price to come back down into this area and then potentially kind of rock it back up. That's a pretty wide area, a wide range to move within. You could see it just continue to upside because it's pretty far from that. Or if you see it come down here, you might not see it go up there. But these are the levels I'd watch. Preferably go down in this area, maybe get some buying opportunities. And I wouldn't trade it all the way up to this. I would be kind of in and out, but you could use that as your path, where you think price is going.
What are indices doing? Yeah, this would have been where the target was for me. Would have been these highs, these equal highs. But, like, the risk reward just wasn't there. So, they do start to reverse here. That'll make me happy. Because then I didn't miss anything. No, either way, it is what it is. Imbalances got filled. Yeah, I think it looks ready to go down more if it starts to... I really want stuff to retrace a little bit.
U.S. 30 this morning, by the way, I forgot to talk about this. It's reacting nicely to this daily order book. PML says to be high. I do that shit all the time. I haven't done my markup for U.S. 30. The U.S. 30, I mean, it's pulling back. This is what I want the other indices to do. Preferably right here would be amazing. I wouldn't be surprised. I'd actually watch it because it's sitting right at equilibrium. Yeah.
We are in this order box. We could see even a deeper retracement. I mean one could argue that this is really the whole impulse move Right here and that would lead us all the way back down to this area But again if we do that and unless it's gonna be really just some kind of complex consolidation, which I wouldn't be surprised But if we do that, I'm just looking to go down, you know at this point, but There's gonna be a ton of liquidity at this low
I will watch for buys around this area if we start to show bullish structure in the lower time frames. DXY is reacting from the imbalance. Oh yeah, for sure. I told you guys. Fun's over. No, I'm just kidding, but it could be. You know, it's just kind of like, notice how euphorically bullish everybody is. That was that happening.
When this happens, on the way down is when everybody, because the dollar's dropping, everything's pumping, everybody's so bullish. But if you guys watch my streams, and especially if you're in the Discord and have done any of the liquidity classes, you know better than to...
you know, ignore something like that. And I've blasted on Twitter. You know, hopefully, you know, I like being a bull. I know it's been so long. You guys are probably, this is the biggest bear ever, but I just, I'm just whatever the market is in my eyes. But, you know, if we can react.
I should say not reactive. If we can push to the downside more, that'd be amazing, right? But I look at it like, okay, if we close today higher and close tomorrow higher than today, I'm looking for up here. At the end of the day, we've got this fair value gap way up here. These two levels. So between those red levels, that's like the ideal. Because at this point, we're so close to that weekly imbalance. I see us going to it. We just filled a weekly imbalance too.
Yeah, we'll see. But that's kind of where I would be leaning. Wouldn't be surprised to see one more push. If we are going to go down, but one more push to make a little three drive. Did already make the lower high, though. Oh, it hit the candle. That's crazy. It pumped this morning in like five minutes. I was looking at this candle right here.
Because that's the first candle before you really started to push down, before that break of structure. So in the lower time frame, those institutional candles are your best friend. The unmitigated ones. Because you could say, you could pick up your, oh, that was the first candle before the engulfing. But really, what was the candle that has been mitigated? What was the candle that has an imbalance right after it? And imbalances work on every time frame. Look at that. Reactions to them. But you just have to know which ones to use. And that's a huge thing that I see people.
And also for Adeliki, you said so means we're going to nosedive. I mean, that's what it could mean. But like, you know, don't get married to that idea. You know, just watch structure, everything else. Just use it and trade in the context of it. So for instance, you know, if you're looking at S&P.
And you're like, okay, we're in weeklies, inbounds have been filled. We're inside of a daily order block. The draw on liquidity seems to be in a discount of the current swing and pulse move. And DXY is in an imbalance. Okay, now I'm starting to build more confidence that if I get an entry trigger, whatever that is for you, then you might look too short, right?
Also this from a structure, I don't really usually look at indices like from a supply and demand perspective as much but Right here
you would have this four out. That'd be a change of character because we look at a liquidity rate whenever we're intraday trading. Because the thing is with indices is I find liquidity rates to be the best entries because I like them because it's so systematic how it happens at the same time every fucking day. So I like that. But from a supply and demand standpoint...
You know, we've got four hour coming into this four hour. We change character. We hit that low. Now we're coming back to supply that sent us there. So then we go for a 15 minute. We would look for a 15 minute change of character, which is going to be slow right here. If we change this. So now if you see price come under, because my internet fucking up, it shouldn't be. I'm on ethernet. Yeah, I finally got an ethernet cable.
Yeah, that's basically what I'd be looking for as a push under. What is that level? 40782. That's on my broker, which I think is Oanda. I don't use Oanda, but the one I use for a feed. That's another thing too. Indices on a Forex broker, any kind of CFDs, whether it's crypto or indices or commodities, you got to make sure if you're using a trading view, go on to your broker.
50 minute order block on you're getting from a different broker because everything's gonna bear a couple dollars um Zach like not Zach um I honestly don't even know what the fuck this is I've heard of it before for whatever reason um yeah I don't know man hard to tell him
Looks like a uni swap chart. No, it's not that bad, but again, you know, my, I don't mean to be biased and like I'll do TA on stuff like this. I don't want to be like a dick, but.
Just don't even worry about shit like that. The only time you should ever be worried about some shit like this is if you have done a lot of research on the project and the team and you just feel so strongly about this project and you believe in it that you want to invest in it. And that's the difference between investing and trading. I can trade gold or the euro dollar or stuff that I have no...
absolutely I give no shit about, right? Because I just care about the price action, right? So if I'm looking at this from that perspective, I'm going to another chart. But if you're looking at it like, you know, it's the...
the best project in the world it's going to change crypto or this and that then just buy it just buy some every week that's what i always tell people like if you if you um are a believer in something then don't even worry about the chart like buy it and hold it until you don't believe the product is good anymore because it's just like stocks like okay let's say in um um the year i don't know 2005
or whatever, let's say 2014, you bought Amazon because you thought that this was a crazy product. This company was going to change the world and you really believed in it. Well, then you just bought some every week all the way up. You could still be buying it maybe. Who knows? Maybe you're buying this and you're just holding it because you believe that you have the same bias now that you did eight years ago.
that tells you that this is still a valuable asset, something valuable you want to own, that you believe that if the value of the product and the impact it has on whatever market it's in, if that hasn't evaporated, then neither should your interest.
You know, and then once you think about it like that, then you really start thinking, OK, like, what the fuck? Why am I buying this coin? I've caught myself like that with crypto, especially in the bull run, because with crypto, there's like a crazy idea. Like they're like, yeah, this is a decentralized fucking, you know, I don't even know. I can't think of a funny example, but there's just some so much random shit. Like, it's funny, the coins that like I would think like in the future are going to do really good.
Was it NEM? What's the Nexus Mutual? These are the kind of coins I would think would do good fundamentally in the future. What's the ticker? I can't remember where you buy this. This has been around for... I got hacked over there. NXM. I thought that's what it was. I don't know, just cut that in.
You have to buy an eSwap. But that was a coin for a long time. Fundamentally, it's insurance for DeFi. And there's a lot of freaking huge investors into it. As far as pretty big now, I know Mark Cuban was into it. But that was a coin I thought would do well and it didn't really do shit. And you have coins that are like, to me, have no use case going crazy. So my thing with crypto is when I buy equity...
I just buy the major blue chips and just hold on to them and then just trade the rest. I think another coin that has a lot of potential is Gala. I know we talked about that, but I think just because who's behind it and if crypto gaming is ever going to actually be a thing, I think that it will lead the helm just because their games are actually playable.
the most games that you see for crypto are just like click to claim like just you know like not even as good as a cell phone game but um their games are playable they have some partnerships with epic games and the people behind them are the same people that were behind farmville and all of those um shitty ass games which you know they're shitty but they were huge so you know imagine if crypto gaming finally gets its footing or they get some kind of uh
you know, they fix the things that need to be fixed. I think that they would be able to lead the helm. And I also think that we've seen the price already, you know, massively above where it is. I think it's like, it would be like 20X or 25X or something from where it is. But that's the kind of coins I see value in.
like Filecoin. And I also try to look at it like, you know, who else sees value in it? Because if you don't see any major institutions buying it, here's the sad truth that people don't want to believe.
It's not the power of the people that moves coins or moves prices. It's the power of large funds. So if you don't have institutions, that's why whenever I'm looking at these charts, I'm like, yeah, I wouldn't even pay attention to this. Because you can see that there's not really institutional involvement. There's not liquidity purposely being engineered. There's not imbalances left behind that need to be filled. It's just kind of just bouncing around. And you're not going to get those satisfying moves intraday.
Off of those type of coins that you're going to get with something that has large funds, you know, playing around in it. UFO USDT. UFO gaming. Shit's been fucking flying.
It is always fun, though, to make crazy money off of some shit like this. And we've done in the past. I've traded them. It's not to say I'd never touch them, but I try to stay away from them unless everything's super bullish. This shit's crazy, though. Whatever this is. This is some straight pump and dump shit right here. Weekly drawing liquidity, bro. If I was looking at it, it would look right there. This shit's crazy, though.
I'll set an alert for it and we'll watch it. Anything that moves 300%, that'll catch my interest. Just for some yellow shitcoin longs. Oh, they release staking. Okay. Yeah, sure. What's the question, Adaliki? Dev. Just rug everybody. Huh? What did you say? Yo, who's getting rugged? UFO USDT soon.
Okay, fuck, dude, you have...
Seems like they want to go higher, like we've been saying. I think since we got on, it's pumped pretty nice. Clear this right here. Fucking spy is ripping right now. This is where it's going. Nos is going to go take this out right here. 12.980 for sure. His daily candle is looking big bull.
It said when I want to trade, you look at what's attracted to imbalance, right, from weekly to daily. Then I look at how it climbs step by step on the hourly time frame. I use way more in the hourly time frame. I use the four hour. I refine POIs from the four hour to the one hour. And then I use the structure in the four hour and the structure in the 15 minute and POIs in the 15 minute. But basically, other than that, yes, that's correct. Don't get married to one time frame or you're going to be in a world of pain.
Like for instance, if I have like, let's just say, actually I'll just use a real example. Let's say price comes down here.
It comes down into my area right in here. Well, then I want to watch the 4-hour. If the 4-hour breaks structure with displacement, okay, well, then now I have a new POI. When price comes into that, I'll watch the 15-minute. If it breaks structure with displacement, now I have a new POI. Comes into that, breaks structure with displacement, now I've got a new 5-minute POI, and so forth. How far you go with it is really up to you, but I recommend using more than one time frame, always.
and nasdaq wants it really does want these equal highs up here i feel like this is really the next area of liquidity is 13 um 600 or well 13 550 i think it goes up a little bit right here it'll probably take that as well which it'll probably bring bitcoin with it if um it moves like that i mean i don't know though it's been pretty inverse bitcoin had all weekend to just dump a bunch of um that's where trading views need to do this together dude
Oh, it's locked. I need to get my shit together. I was like, bro, why won't this click? I was like, I hate on trading with you. But yeah, so I guess closing thoughts would be Bitcoin reacted. It seems to react nice to this daily OB over here, but it does have a lot of lows that are forming right here. So, I mean, if indices push really hard, I could see Bitcoin going with it. Seems like indices definitely want higher.
Looks like these highs right here would be the next target the high I just made. Probably this over here. NOS has really clean equal highs right here. So that would be where I'd be looking for it to push into. Don't really see any kind of... Oh wait, actually there is. I think on SPY there's no imbalances. There's a fair value gap on the one hour right here for the NASDAQ. So I would maybe look for a push into that. If you see a reversal here, that would...
will lead you to look for downside because, you know, look quickly right into a fair value gap. Yeah. I probably won't be on the charts too much more today. I got to go out and get some errands done. I'm still getting settled in this new house. I got to get ready for a bunch of stuff. But, yeah, if you have any questions, as always, just DM me, tweet me, however you want to get at me. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Also, what does it say? They're farming and trading with leverage at the same time called Leverfy.
That sounds like a rug, but it may be a good Ponzi. We've made money off Ponzi's, but anything like that sounds like it. I don't mean to sound like, oh, don't fuck with it because we've made money off a lot of Ponzi's. I think that was like all of 2021 was the year of the Ponzi. But yeah, anyways, guys, I appreciate it. I will see you guys tomorrow. Peace.
