What's good? That's a SMT on Nas fucking smacking. I wanted to come down a little lower, but it came right into this order block right here. I wanted to come to this hourly order block. That's it. Super bullish reaction off that. I need to say this is a preset. I like doing lines for order blocks better than boxes. Yeah, so...
This week ahead is fucking packed with news. Let me go ahead and... I'm sure most of you already know this, but...
So we can just filter it out just for high impact. There's enough to fill out the screen. I mean, as you can see, for the U.S. dollar, I think I just have U.S. dollar and euro. And this isn't just, I'm not just focusing on the U.S. dollar, just the amount of high impact news overall this week is insane. Like this isn't normal. And they're not just normal high impact news. For instance, we had the Chinese GDP last night, PMI this week.
There's a lot of stuff going on. There's an ECB press conference, a BOJ press conference. There's a lot of stuff, and especially with the BOJ, this is going to be pretty interesting to see how that comes out. There's a lot of stuff going on in Japan right now at the Yen. I mean, as we've seen over the last however many months, I was going to say weeks, but it's been months, that the Yen has just been dying. We've got Australian CPI.
A lot of stuff about the state of the economy in the world generally is going to come to the surface this week. Now, of course, a lot of people say these, yeah, I see that, Hunter, the fucking Chinese stocks market tanked yesterday. The HK50 I was watching the last night tanked on that. And it's funny because their GDP was rising and literally as soon as that opened, they tanked.
Um, somebody asked, do I look at SMT on a particular timeframe? Not, I mean, on the timeframes I use, like I don't look for it on any timeframe. I think that, uh,
Like for instance, if I look for SMT on 25 different timeframes, if I look on four hour weekly, or well, really everything here, I only have the four hour. I don't even know why I still have it favored because it's probably my least used timeframe. Actually, definitely the least used timeframe and also the three minute. But mainly I'm on a one minute, a five minute, 15 minute, one hour, daily, weekly, monthly. And really the monthly is rare.
It's kind of just a zoom out every once in a while because I'm a day trader. And we went over in the private class, I think it was two classes ago, how important it is to understand what kind of trader you are because, you know, we can only process so much information. And if you start to look everywhere for something, you'll find it. So, for instance, if you want to be bearish and you can look in a hundred different places and you'll find a reason to be bearish.
But as long as you try to stay objective, stick to your trading plan and just follow what it says, that's where you're going to be able to see a little bit better and more consistent and confident trade setups. And it's important to be confident, even if you lose, because without confidence, first of all, no success is ever possible in anything. And second of all, your trade management is going to be influenced by emotions instead of by your plan.
So I'll go over a trade. I actually trade a little bit last night during the London session. Let me go. I usually don't do that, but it was pretty clean. And I'll show you why. And that's a good example of recouping a loss, right? Because I took a loss in this first trade.
All right. Now I'll show you the bias overall. I kind of deleted some tea to clean up my charts. So we've talked about even on the lives here, but in the private classes, the power of three moving into.
Right after the midnight hour and now seems like this already had played out by the time that the market started because we came up and took that London high and We also would have taken what would have been the London low so not the cleanest day as far as that goes but What I had saw last night before any of this Was a nice little accumulation just before midnight
Then we had a manipulation up. I think this is a 15 minute or a one hour fair value gap. Yeah, one hour fair value gap. So we have our higher timeframe POI. We're at a premium. Had that little manipulation reaction from this volume imbalance. And this is what I would usually look forward to getting a pretty high probability setup. So also it was during the London kills and my sleep schedule from this weekend was kind of wrecked.
I waited for price to return back up into this liquidity void. It filled it. And whenever we have this kind of price action here, where they're just big bodied candles, where it's almost one giant fair value gap, it usually will get filled and sometimes move into an order block like it did here. I wasn't really looking at that. I was just watching price in this whole zone. As price reached up into it, the first entry I had, which I was pretty confident in it, was this three drive right here into
the fill and immediate market structure shift with displacement. Nice reaction from the fair value gap, but I think the only problem was my targeting was off because we had this order block right here. But I just was doing a fixed two R and it pretty much lined up with these equal lows and it came back up and took the high and I was pretty surprised. But as I was watching, we had this breakaway fair value gap form blasting down. Now, why did I pick this fair value gap and not
have stop-loss up here and not use this fair value gap because a lot of you're gonna say, well, that's not in a discount, or I'm sorry, not in a premium.
And the reason for that is ICT's new video. And it's really weird. Some of you guys who've been watching for a while, I talked about, I know Hunter, it was the day we were all in voice chat and I like took a short from that. And I remember I came back and I was like, I just walked my dog and that TP header. I can't remember if you were still in there at that point, but it was the day we were all in the voice chat. And I had noticed like when I was watching a lot of ICT stuff, this is before he.
put out that bridge builder video. But I noticed that he had started to short a lot of times from these kind of gaps to like this, whenever we have that massive move, because what will happen is price will hit that first gap and then it will go to the draw. Because at this point, we see that price is pretty clearly drawing towards these lows, right? That's where I originally wanted price to move. And I was looking at that as kind of our overall draw on liquidity, right? And so we know
We know that with a draw on liquidity acts as a magnet. So the closer you get to it, the more inefficiently price is going to move. And this is why I say that there's no law saying that, you know, okay, well, we had a market structure shift and now we have to come back to a premium and have to do that. It doesn't always work like that, especially when you have all these lows right down here, because I know that this already taken it, but at this point we had these lows and these lows. So that's going to act as a stronger draw.
than this a lot of the time. So took that second trade right there, took a little loss right there.
immediately got it back. And, and this is a really good example. I was pretty proud of myself because even I will have, um, a shortcoming sometimes, like for instance, if I take a loss and it's just a very clean setup here. Like I was, I was surprised when I took that loss. Now looking in hindsight, I see what happened, but you know, I was like, damn, like really? And then I was kind of getting, I was like, it's why you don't fucking trade in London. And then I was realizing like, no, you're losing your confidence in what you were looking for, even though price is still indicative that that is going to play out. So.
I was pretty proud of myself that I pulled the trigger right there and put the reason I stopped off. They're just the end of this fair value gap.
I was kind of like, you know, but I knew that's what I thought was going to happen. So I was like, okay, you have to act on it. You know, if you're down two hours after it, so be it. It's been pretty good recently. So you got to stay consistent. And even if I would have taken their loss there, I probably would have been a little upset, but it's part of the game, right? Like every loss is just another transaction. And as long as you follow risk management, you can incur these losses if you have a profitable system.
That was a trade I took last night and then this morning pretty nice trade coming into What is this right here? I see long way. Okay, but so So what I did with this
This is a different fib, actually. Hold on. I was wondering, I was like, why did I have that drawn? So what I did was I looked at two ways to draw the fib right here, wick to wick, from what I was anticipating at this point to be a London low, even though it wasn't a discount. So I saw when I came to my desk this morning, well, not to, okay, don't let me sound like I can, when I got on my phone from my bed, because I didn't get up my desk until just now, but I saw this pretty clean,
little imbalance right here. It's clear on a one hour maybe. No, I was looking on the 15 minutes and saw these two imbalances right here at that optimal trade entry area. Now, if you draw it from the bodies of the impulse move, which would be that, it's still an optimal trade entry, a little deeper, but regardless, either way you draw it, it's an OTE. So we look for price in the morning to take liquidity accordance with our bias.
Overall, I will go ahead and say, I know this is the weekly buy stream and I haven't got to that. Overall, I could see some more upside. We could dip into a discount deeper. Oftentimes we have this SMT where NAS dips in and ES doesn't. We'll see a push down to kind of rebalance the market and then a push up. And we'll go over that shortly. I just wanted to share this with you guys while they're fresh in my mind.
But I looked at, this is right at nine o'clock, right when I was starting to look, and I'm looking, I'm like, okay, where is the clearest area of stop losses? Well, that's going to be right here, right? Or right here, either one of those areas. Now,
Why did I look at this? Well, because a lot of times when we're bullish, I've noticed this recently, especially, I was wondering why I was anchoring, but you'll just see a recent low. And especially whenever I'm looking at this in the context of this was the London low at the time, and we had a nice expansion off of it, POI at an optimal trade entry. So that automatically beefs up that setup for me. As soon as we came into that low, go to the one minute. Oh, I forgot. Hold on.
Okay. I was like, that does not look like that. Now we came into this imbalance and we had PMI at 945, which pumped us to the TP. We had this push right here. We dipped into an immediate V-shaped reaction out of it. That's clear as day. Imbalance at a discount.
Entry on the imbalance. I thought I was gonna get stopped, but PMI pushed it to Valhalla. It was very nice trade. Total like six minutes in the trade, I think one. Yeah, six minutes or so in the trade. Super clean. So I was pretty happy with that. And then another example of a breakaway fair value gap in action would be right here. Well, the breakaway gap is up here, but we see that gap right there.
And I still haven't even finished the bridge builders video. I just, like I said, you can go back. I think it was two Fridays ago or something. I was literally, or maybe longer. I was, I noticed what he was doing and I started to go back on my charts and make trades like that. So it was cool to see it because everybody's talking about the bridge builder stuff. I haven't had a chance to watch most of it, but then I did see some of it and spoke with somebody I know about it. And it's basically what I had talked about that day. So I was kind of like, okay, fuck yeah.
And this is a good example of that right here. You know, we had that draw, which was these lows. So once we have this kind of rapid expansion like that, you know, okay, we're going to say that, you know, we had came up above the highs, right? That was a liquidity rate. You're going to say, bam, here's our shift. The impulse move could be, in my opinion, would be this right here. That would be the impulse move that.
Broke it and then why didn't it come to a premium? Well, because we're getting close to that draw. And again, when the market is shifting in one direction, we're using these market structure shifts. All we're doing is determining where is liquidity or what liquidity is being sought after. So for instance, if we have price action like this and we get this shift, right? So you have that shift.
Then you look for your, unless it's a massive, you know, like we just said, there's a draw on liquidity very close by. And you know, if it's just a morning shift, you're gonna usually look for that discount.
price delivery array, which for me, I've just used fair value gaps. But when I run a one minute, you're going to look maybe to a five minute, maybe to a 15. And it takes a little time to get nimble and confident with this. But what this is telling you is that price is drawing up towards something, right? So for instance, if you have a range, forgive the ugly drawings.
I'm OCD. I tell you guys to ignore it, but I can't. So let's just say this was your one minute range, right? And this was where price had moved most rapidly from recently. So what you would look for at that point is, okay, well, is a higher timeframe drawn liquidity down below? First of all, you have to have a good framework. And we know that we had to have taken a higher timeframe low or have been in some form of POI to even consider this.
When we get that, when we get that shift that tells us, okay, one side of liquidity has been taken. So we take into account numerous different things with the higher timeframes.
For instance, if there is a one hour, we just took the equal as the one hour, we might move higher than the one minute range. But you don't need more than that if you're a day trader or if you understand how to use the one minute. Again, I'm a big believer that min-maxing everything isn't the way. I think it's a dream that's sold a lot by smart money and people that teach it. But most of the people that are doing that, they're not actually doing it. You know what I mean? When they're teaching it, they're not actually out here on...
$300,000 funded account, $200,000 funded account doing that all the time. Most of the time, they're just not. And if they were, they would probably be posting about it.
but they just post hindsight and how you get ADRR. And I'm not saying nobody does it, but anyways, you guys know what I'm preaching to the choir. But in this example, all you would need to know is this range because you're trading the one minute, you're using everything else for context, but this is just telling you that price is reaching up towards something. Now, what's it going to be reaching towards? Well, let's say you have maybe a breaker block right here. Well, actually, that wouldn't be a breaker because there's no high. Let's just say,
You have a fair value gap right here. And then you have an order block right here. This will be good. So which one are you going to go for? Well, I would just, if you get enough for us to reward, you don't even have to take it all the way, but you just, you need to understand what do you think price is drawing towards? Now, if you think it's drawing to either of these, your bias for this timeframe would be bullish for right now. Do you need to trade all the way to the highest one? No, you don't.
You could just trade right here or a little bit over for a fixed 2R.
Right. Especially whenever you're starting. It's low hanging for two hour a day. Like if you hit two because here's the thing. Most entry models intraday are going to provide two hour. And this is why I've been kind of switching and trying to incorporate a fixed risk to reward into my trading plan because and I think there's a time and place for it. But because almost any trade that I look at that gets stocked out.
like the morning models or even the afternoon models, they almost always hit 2R first. And I kind of look back and I'm like, hmm, you know, what if I just hit 2R on all those trades? Now, sure, some of the trades I hit are higher than 2R. And, you know, sometimes the ones that you've set at 2R fixed TP, they'll go farther.
And that's okay because it will make up for it. Because if you can have a high percentage win rate with 2R, I promise over time, I firmly believe you're going to be more profitable than trying to chase 10R all the time. Not only because of the numbers, but because of the psychology that comes into play whenever you try to get 10, 15R. Because a lot of stuff happens between here and here.
Now, first of all, a lot of times, the more this goes up, the lower your win rate's going to be. And that's okay if you're a machine and you know that your system works and you're willing to take four losses in a row and then take that fifth win and hold it all the way to the TP. But guess what? Most of the time, whenever you take four losses in a row, most people, they're not going to hold through this. They're not going to hold through all that all the way to the TP. They're going to get out probably here.
All right, and then they've taken four losses. Now they've yielded two R.
And then they take another four losses and they're not profitable. And they're looking at, then they start trying to trade every single water block, every single fair value gap. And they start getting mad and saying shit don't work. When in reality, your psychology is just getting butchered by expectations that have been implanted in your head by the course that you watched that taught you the basics of smart money concepts. Because remember, all these courses, even though a lot of them you can get pirated for free, they all were originally made.
um to be sold which is okay i don't think there's anything wrong with that but you have to kind of infer what you need to know and not um not believe everything you see like for instance um there'll be a lot of like photon and phantom which i think they're good for learning the basics but you know they only take they take 25 our trades 30 our trades every week it's just i don't believe it i don't buy it i just don't all right
Like, for instance, I'll see, I can't remember which one of them it was, they posted their...
They're like MT4 positions and it was like they covered up the lot size. And I'm not saying there's anything wrong with being modest, but most of the time when people are trying to teach you something, they're going to show that they are actually doing it. Like for instance, I don't, when I post my like P&L when we're going on, I'll copy and paste a little MT4 picture. I'm not doing that to try to like act like, you know, it's cool or something. I'm just doing it because there's so many fucking bullshitters that I'm not going to be labeled as one.
So, um, just, I get so many people asking me, um, cause I answer, if you guys ever DM me on Twitter or discord or anything, I'm going to answer. You might take a little time, but it's cool because I can kind of see a collective, collective issues, if you will, within the space. And a lot of it's just fucking expectations too high.
But anyways, there's my little rant on that. But for instance, if you took this trade and you establish that, okay, the market structure has shifted with displacement, it's showing that these stops were bought up. Now, why were they bought up?
We're not going to get into every different thing that's going to come into play, but you're going to need to use your highest time frame, and you're going to need to use your entry time frame, and you can use your medium time frame and look around for potential zones that it might be drawing to. If we're on a discount, we took liquidity, we've shifted up, we're probably going to go back up towards a premium. Does that mean you have to take it to a premium? No. You just need to know which way the river's flowing. You can hop on a boat, get your bread, and hop out.
So, a little bit on that, something I wanted to go over. And for instance, when I was talking about using fixed risk reward and it has a time and a place, I think what I'm developing and adding into my trading plan is that if I am in a premium of my high timeframe, which is the one hour, and I get a long entry, then I'm going to look to take a fixed 2R because it's a lower probability.
Why is that? Because it's not in a discount. And this morning, I'm really glad I did that. I would have been sad. So I think the fixed two R does have a ton of place, but I also do think that if I get a very good entry, you know, like let's just say a price came down here, pipped this low, did something like this on a one hour and gave me that shift and it cleaned up all liquidity, you know, tapped into this little order block area right here.
you know, left this fair value gap, all this. I mean, I would look to long that farther than 2R just because of the context it's in. So, you know, once we come in here, I'm going to look for my one minute entry model or five minute, whichever. And then, you know, you might take it all the way to the top of the range and that's okay, right? There's a time and a place for it. So for instance, you might get a really high risk reward there. Now, of course, I'd be shaving off along the way.
But that's the kind of when I say there's a time and place for things, that's what I mean. And that's why I say it's not impossible, but you shouldn't go for that every time and force a narrative on things just because that's what you want to see, because that's what will happen if you.
If you look for things hard enough, your eye will find them. So now I want to go over, it's about to do it already. Divine is my witness. I said this was going to happen last night, but I had texted, we were talking about this last night, that I was looking at this imbalance right here.
and the way we reacted off of it. And then you have these equal highs with an imbalance right in front of it. Also, everybody's bearish as shit right now, right? Everybody wants to be bearish. But when you really look at things, and we took that June low.
Came down and took the low that took it. And look at that reaction off that. Yes, we did come up and tap in this volume imbalance. What happened though? Went right back down to another one and then moved to the upside. Price, I mean, at this point, it's like me telling you this is going to happen. I think we can all agree on that. I swear I did say this to Vine last night though. But I was looking for price to draw up in this area. Now, when we look at this range, which is going to be this high and this low.
Because, you know, we had our ranges went, for me, what I was drawing on my one hour here. Well, you guys know what high I meant to go to. That's kind of the structure I'm seeing on a one hour. That's where I see the big moves coming from. So whenever we are pushing up, like I was saying, withdrawing liquidity, now this goes for any timeframe. Look, when you're that close up here, you know, we might not come down to a discount. And until we get a market structure shift to the downside, then there's no reason to look for it.
Now, if the market would have maybe this candle would have been a big bodied candle and took this and left the fair value gap, well, yeah, then you'd look to frame sell entries from a premium moving into a discount because the market showed intention that it wants to go to discount pricing. Until a reversal is proven, it's just continuation. And trying to catch the very top is going to cause you to incur losses and cause you to build a narrative that
What is this, .2? Oh, yeah, so you did watch the OTE videos silent. Using the .27. I had something argue with me that .27 was a retail fib. I was like, you have never even watched most ICT. But the, what was it? Oh, yeah. The moral story I'm going for here is until you have a reason to look for downside, don't just look for downside.
And that's not, you know, a reason is not just taking the buy side liquidity above these equal highs, the external liquidity of the old range. Now that is, it puts you in that zone where you have, you know, that's where you would look for a market structure shift. Because if you hadn't taken that, like, let's just say price came here, say right here, and your old range was
That high where I have the line. And let me just draw it so you guys can see it. So if this was your old range and you're up here, well, you've came to a discount. The market structure has shifted to the upside. It came into a fair value gap.
that's telling you the market is going higher. Now, is it going for this high? Is it going for this high? Or is it going for these highs? These highs. Why? Because the market came from a discount in a bullish range and showed desire to move up. So whenever we're in a bullish range and we're at a premium and we get this shift down like this,
And price comes up, almost went to the high, but it came to this order block. But this was your shift to the downside because you're in a premium. You took all the old highs. So now here is where the market is telling you it wants to go back down to a discount. So it's going to go down, come mitigate this order block. I was looking at a survey gap, but it came up higher. And then it made its way down to where? A discount. Fill that imbalance, that liquidity void, and then up to the moon from there.
And that's why you can use premium discount on your higher time frame. I use a one hour for my range. I'll use a 15 minute to find liquidity pools and refine POIs that I found on a one hour. And then I'll use the five minute and one minute to frame entries. But if I'm in a one hour bullish range and price went to a discount, showed the desire to go higher, I have no reason, even if, let's just say, even if the market did this. That's just a buying opportunity.
because I'm not looking for price to come back down. There's no reason to. So now when it comes up here, now you have a framework to look at, but you don't have any kind of trigger.
So when we look here, the market has shown us no indicative reason or price action, not reason. No, nothing to show us that price wants to go back down. So looking to short this is basically just trying to push a narrative that, yeah, maybe you.
There's really no reason for me. Now, you might see something I don't, and I'm not saying my way is the only way, but just because it's in a premium doesn't mean that it's going to come to a discount. Why? Because the draw on liquidity on a higher time frame is very close by. Remember, like we talked at the beginning of the video, it's going to act like a magnet. We have that daily imbalance above equal highs. The closer you get to the higher time frame, because remember, the higher time frame is always the boss.
the more likely you are to draw to that. So whenever we are aware of this, and this is why it's important to always be aware of the daily timeframe, even if you're trading a one hour, we know that shorts just because we're in a premium are a little bit less likely even if we were to get a market structure shift. Why? Because the higher timeframes in play.
So, you know, until we get a market structure shift to the downside, you have no reason to be short. As far as you can maybe take a sell, right? But you have no reason to have a short bias is what I mean by that. So also something that happened this morning, I didn't even catch this, but until it's already over with.
We had this, after that trade played out, the NASDAQ pushed down under the low that it made in London, but ES did not. So that's a classic example of SMT divergence. And we look at the overall narrative, which we've discussed, why is bullish. And then we look at this as manipulation, because why? Because if we're bullish, anything like this is a buying opportunity.
especially if it comes to a discount. Now, I didn't have this order block marked. I wanted this one on the one hour, but I probably should have hopped into a 15 minute because if you look also, which I didn't even really see it because this wick, there was a tiny imbalance right there on the one hour. So again, the first one hour POI, which I kind of slipped up there. And I wasn't really watching super actively after I took that trade this morning because I'm just done at that point.
So whenever we look at that, you can come in and say, okay, what's in there? Wait, how can you refine it if you wanted to? 15 minutes, I'm gonna go to five. There's that 15 minute order block right there. Because remember, smart money, when price is bullish, right? And how do we know price was bullish? So anytime we have that, again, the market structure shift in that discount of the old range right there, or like you could have said right here.
This came to the fair value gap. That is bullish institutional order flow. So what are down candles in bullish institutional order flow? They're buying opportunities. Smart Money is buying these dips a lot of times, or they're offloading positions there. So those are going to be future areas of reference.
So, add some T-divergence into that order block and the one hour fair value gap. I'll delete this and just leave the order block. Very nice opportunity. Now, whenever we look back, I haven't even looked to see if there was a clean entry here, to be honest. Really, the market structure shift for me would have been right here, just because that's where you see the real displacement come into play.
You know, if you use the order block, you would have got filled right here. I probably wouldn't have. I would have probably set a limit right there and been sad. The order block was a nice entry there.
And, you know, that could have been a potential trade opportunity. Now, this is a little different than the model I try to use, but I still would go back and mark and journal it. And just it's good to to mark things and to recap things. And when I do these recaps, you guys, I'm learning a little bit, too, about the general state of the market. And I'm staying up to date just because you're not trading doesn't mean you have to not watch. Now, if you don't have the willpower to do that, which a lot of people don't, then don't watch and just do it later.
but study how price moves right like for instance i was watching this okay there's another example of that and try to do it i mean if you can't hold yourself back from trading then of course don't put yourself in the position to fail but uh if you can it's better to do it as it's happening because you're going to build confidence because anybody back testing i think back testing is cool and it can be good but especially for beginners i think that it's uh more important to
to do a forward testing while the market's live or paper trading. Like you can go get an FTMO challenge or not the challenge, the trial, and it's free of cost, literally no money. And you could just, you know, trade on that or just maybe another broker or whatever paper trading account you want to have. And that's a better exercise to learn, in my opinion, because hindsight is 20-20 for anybody. You know, we're always able to do that.
But if you do it in forward testing, you're going to build confidence. Oh, I knew that was going to happen. And you continuously do that. Then you build a system and you build confidence in that system, which is going to be the frameworks for you to ever get funded. And that's the biggest thing with getting funded is psychology. Because if you don't have a confident systematic system, I don't know why I said systematic system. My brain's still recovering from this week. And I went to a Stevie Nicks concert. We partied pretty hard. So bear with me.
um we we look for
Something where we can have a confidence system because if we don't have that, when you're trying to get funded, you're going to get decimated. I don't care how good you are, even on your live account or paper trading. As soon as you start doing the challenge and even more so when you get funded, that psychology starts to kick in where you realize really quickly that that's your biggest hurdle after you get to a point where you understand technicals and you get the general.
idea of things. The biggest enemy at that point is yourself and not making senseless mistakes because you're not following your system. And it's going to take time to do that, but that's a good way to do it. So overall, what I would look for...
Whenever I'm looking at the NASDAQ, I still like this high as well. There's a tiny imbalance here. We've got a lot of big earnings this week. We've got a lot of news like we talked about earlier. I think, Hunter, you probably know his Amazon or Apple tomorrow, right? Pre-market or... That's right. That's right.
Yeah, and those are all fucking massive, massive companies. So that's going to be going to shake things up a bit. So I would look for overall this high on both. Now, what I could see potentially have a member, you know, until if we get a market structure shift, you can look for price to return back to a discount because we look at the S&P.
And expect these complex kind of ranges whenever you have a lot of stuff going on. It's going to be those manipulated ranges where people are like, this doesn't even make sense. But like for instance, a lot of times we have this SMT divergence like we had this morning, the other will come down and correct that and rebalance.
Because we look at ES, which is the one that has most of the earnings. Well, I mean, both of them, of course, we have the tech companies, but I would be focusing a little bit more on ES, a larger index. You would want this to be fulfilled here.
So, we could see a shift down. That would give better opportunities. But overall, my bias would be to take this high. These equal highs right here are just too clean for me. We've got an imbalance just above. And this right here, that price action after the CPI dump, that reaction tells me that those stops got bought up. So, when we look at this kind of massive impulse move we have here, we have...
So we took our external liquidity. What do we look for after that? We look for price to return to a premium. Now, am I gonna tell you it's gonna return all the way up here? No, I'm not gonna say that. I think it could, but I'm not gonna look for that because just like we talked earlier, I don't need to call the top of the market. There's no sense in that. That's just trying to show off. I don't care to do that. Now, if you do it, kudos to you.
I think that all I need to know, because I'm a day trader, is what way do I think the market's going overall? Because I can catch 2R very easily or maybe more sometimes, but I can catch what I need to catch without... I'm not going to try to, oh, we rate it here. I'm going to layer all the way down to the 15 second and get a fucking 200R long up. I'm just not going to do that. I don't think it's a good idea to do that. But overall, when we look...
Not really a clear area except this imbalance. Now it's in a discount. I understand that. But that's where I look for the next draw on liquidity because it's stepping stones. Now, for instance, what would I look for as signs of a potential reversal? Well, if price gets up here, then I'm going to go where? To my one hour. What am I going to need for a potential reversal up there? I'm going to need a bearish market structure shift. And let's just say price does this number right here.
and comes up in that range and this is my new range because you know we'd have taken the external from this range we have drawn because we've made a new high so that would be the new range now let's just say you know if we're up in here and priced as this number gives me that shift then am i going to look to try to short
you know, this, like let's just say it comes down and gives that shift. Am I going to try to short all the way down to here or something? No, I'm not. I'm going to try to short to a discount of this range. So, you know, let's just say you have an imbalance here, maybe right there. You know, I'm going to try to take it down to that range. But, you know, people say, oh, what happens if it just does this? Okay, that's great. Then guess what? Now we have a bearish range aligning with the daily.
And now we would look for more, okay, now the market is showing us that it has a desire to move down towards these lows. But trying to predict all that and trying to trade off that before it happens, that's just trying to push your own narrative on the market. And you can be right sometimes, but there's a difference between having confidence in a bias and trying to predict the future, in my opinion.
Some people may argue with that, and if it works for you, it works for you, but I just know it has worked for me, and it's not trying to figure out the perfect top and bottom and call everything. For instance, I'm sure there's people out there that said, oh yeah, we're gonna go from this order block here all the way down, and that was a higher probability setup because the weekly, and those of you who've been here for a while, you know we talked about how we longed the last day on ES in Playbit to that high.
And we talked about that reversal here. And why was that? Because the weekly range was bearish. So now we came to a weekly premium. We go over, what did the daily do? The daily gave us a market structure shift. So at that point, that weekly continuation was going to play and everything else is going to get ripped up. And people are going to say, oh, look, let's long this fair value gap. Let's long this order bog.
Oh, we're going to reverse under these lows, right? And why didn't that happen? Well, because you're in context, the higher timeframe and the overall weekly draw at that point was this low. Why? Because we're in a bearish range, just like we were talking about earlier. We had came up mitigated liquidity and a premium. So are we going to go down for this order block or this order block or this imbalance? No, we're going for this low. And if you notice, we had one bullish week. There was manipulation in the CPI that entire was two months.
So it's really important to understand things on an unbiased and objective basis, because if you know what to look for, it's not that hard. What's hard is getting over what you want to happen, because everybody has what they want to happen. Right. You know, not everybody. Most people do. You shouldn't have something that you want to happen. Like, I don't care to be wrong.
I'm wrong all the time. There's been times where I've told, like last weekly bias, we did great. We said it was going to be a bullish week. Overall, it was really bullish, right? We did good. There's been times where I gave you weekly bias and it was wrong. And that's fine. I'm not going to be upset about that because I understand that as traders and I know myself that this is my career. This is what I'm going to do. So I'm going to be wrong thousands of times in the future. I've accepted that. But I take things into perspective from...
My viewpoint, the way I look at things, and I consistently have confidence in that because I know that most of the time it's going to be right. Or even if not most of the time, when it's right, it's really right. And it provides opportunities to make up, you know, make up for all the wrongs and then profit. So let's take a look at Bitcoin. So Bitcoin has been in this godforsaken range for however long.
And what I'm looking for here, and I've refined this gap just to this price range, right, where we have inefficiencies on both sides. So when we have this imbalance that was originally created, and then we have another imbalance pushing right back down through it, this is an unbalanced price range. So once price, you know, we've offered the sell side of this imbalance. It's really what an imbalance is, is price. Oh, did he really? ICT said Bitcoin looks for some volatility. That's funny.
That's pretty much what I'm thinking too. It's been squeezing forever. But what I'm looking at is this little range right here. We have this imbalance pushing to the upside and then we have something blast right through it. Well, the sell side has been offered. That's all that was offered through this zone because at first it was just the buy side, now just the sell side, but we left a buy side gap. The buy side hasn't been offered here. What do we have front running this zone? Equal highs.
So I can't just wait to my alert for that. I'll probably see it, but I still want to set that. So overall, again, the daily hasn't really shown the clearest intention just yet. But I don't look at this as a market structure shift, right? Why? Because look at that WIC, the reaction off of it. That to me looks more like a liquidity rate.
So, you know, if I want to see where my daily is drawing to, I can try to use the one hour. So we have this range here. We have this bullish range. It's not the prettiest range, but you see we kind of came down, took these highs, went back into a deeper discount, into this one hour order block, and then made a nice move to the upside here. It's not the cleanest price action, really a fair value gap, but if we look, we came down this order block and rocketed off that.
So what else do we leave? Relatively equal highs and prices came to a discount and has pushed the upside. Now, this is going to be pretty dependent on indices because if indices start to pull back, like we were saying, the potential that ES wants to come back down, which I'm not saying it's for sure going to happen, but there's a potential. If that happens, Bitcoin is going to get wrecked. It's just part of it.
What I'm seeing right now is Yeah, this nice little impulse move after we came down and took all this liquidity pushing that order block and That would be what I'd look at as a rejection block. So we came into that
and pushed off that pretty nicely. Now, if I would look for a confirmation, I'd go to a five minute. And Bitcoin, I've noticed a lot of times you'll get these like weird, like push down, it's like a stair step rep, then it'll just start flying. It's not like indices where you'll get a nice clean move. To me personally, I don't really see anything here that is telling me that that's gonna be exactly where it bounces from. So I think it could come a little lower. Who knows, it could even take the low. Again, Bitcoin is super fickle. So I'm not really...
Interested yet, but I do think that it's starting to kind of cook up so what I would like to see is Some kind of you know price action that tells me it wants to move higher here
So what that would be is, you know, let's just say price kind of comes down here, maybe takes the low and then rockets off that. That would be telling me, OK, well, I'm confirming that one hour POI. The one hour already moved to a discount has shown the desire to go up. We have equal highs here and the range highs. And we have this massive zone up here.
So that would tell me that, you know, we might be able to frame some longs here. So I'll keep an eye on this as far as, you know, maybe getting a little bit more volatility based trades with Bitcoin.
But that's kind of what I see going into this week for crypto. It's really going to be dependent on the stock market as always. So, you know, if we start to push to the downside first, I would look for maybe even this low, maybe a push back down into this area. But if the stock market does hold, I would look for bullish on Bitcoin as well. You're welcome, Anonymous. I just saw where you said it looks like a market maker buy model. I'm not sure if you were talking about for private indices earlier, Haas.
I don't know how I didn't see that. Let's look at DXY. So whenever we are in this, and Peter are gonna message me and say, that's not the buy side, it's up here. I know that. It's just internal to the range. I don't like typing it internal every time. But when we have this range right here, where we have a bullish range, and yes, price came back down to a discount on the daily.
and it pushed up pretty rapidly from there. But if we see this in the current context, yes, when we had this happen, did we really have any kind of shift? Is any of these highs a swing high? Any of these highs have a low on either side of it, like a lower high? I don't see it. That doesn't, that doesn't, that doesn't. The only thing that really does is this, and look what happened. Look at the reaction we got off that. That's a liquidity rate.
So what that tells me is that price might want something lower because it's not really showing an extremely strong reaction here that the daily range is, you know, we're going for these highs. Now, there's a lot of news this week that can change extremely quickly, right? We could look at this as an order block. So you got to be nimble with this, as you always do with DXY. What I'm currently seeing overall is the weekly chart.
Got a weekly order block right here in a discount of this daily range. I know this is the kind of weekly impulse range, which is the daily swing range. So we have this order block down in there instead of discount. A lot of lows right there, imbalance, and then equal lows right here. So that shows me that there is a lot of liquidity in the bottom half of this range.
And whenever we talk about a complex pullback, and we've talked about the likelihood of catching something in a discount and riding it all the way to the continuation. Now, remember we talked about the more imbalances or more liquidity that's left behind that you didn't pick up, the less likely or lower probability that you're going to take it all the way here. It happens, but again, it's just kind of like measuring the odds, so to speak. So we have these relatively equal lows here.
we have this set of equal lows here in that weekly order box. So I see that as a potential draw. Now, the one hour. So, this actually reacted pretty nicely. I hadn't looked at this today.
Well, I should not say today, but I haven't looked at it since it really reacted from it. So when I'm looking at this price range, if we look here, we barely pipped that high and look at that reaction it came off of. That's what you call market structure shift. If anyone's wondering what displacement is, that's it right here. Now, on the one hour, I see an order block right here. We also have a breaker, which that could end up being the draw.
But I marked out this range just because I was kind of curious how I would react. Again, now it's a balanced price range. So, you know, obviously not as high of a probability that we just dumped from there as if we came up to here and saw a reaction. But whenever we're talking about a one hour range, we want to look at the five minute, or I look at the five minute to confirm it. You know, where is the market structure shift? Right there. And you see the bearish order flow is being followed.
As of now, we took some liquidity. So, you know, maybe, and again, when this happens, what's that telling us? It's telling the market wants to go lower. Where's the next area that's obvious of where stops would be? Right there. That's exactly where price went. And now it's moving back to the upside. Coiling though, so I don't know if this will hold or not. We'll see. Got that order block right there with a high front running it.
But overall, the one hour right now to me is bearish until proven otherwise. The daily is in a premium. We've got relatively equal lows here and a weekly order block. So if this can hold or even if price moves up a little higher, we have a breaker here, this order block as well, which is really the same level. You got a rejection block. There's a lot of stuff still in a premium. So again, just like we're talking about the likelihood that it will.
just go all the way from here is lower than if it had given that same reaction up in this area. But overall right now, the order flow is bearish in my opinion. Now, how could that change? Well, if we get some huge full-bodied candle on the one hour that's breaking here, leaving imbalances, even if it's pushing up into this, you know, we don't want to see a massive fucking pump like something like that. That's a great drawing, huh? And then, you know, you get a gap maybe from here to here.
Here's your other candle. Something like that. I'm going to quit trying to draw because these are terrible. You guys get what I'm saying, I hope. Until we get that, again, continuation until proven otherwise. If it's proven otherwise, then you shift towards that. You know what I mean? One big thing I want to stress is you don't have to be right. You just have to think what's likely to happen. Until that's proven otherwise, you look for that.
So until I see something that's not telling me prices are reaching higher, I'm going to look for higher. Now, again, the closer you get to it, the lower your risk to reward is going to be. You're in a premium now. There's a lot of things that come into play where it's not as probable as if you run a discount taking along, but that's why I think it's important to manage your trades differently or maybe not take them whenever you're operating in different frameworks.
Sorry, guys. I'm not going to lie. I've been just going. I haven't even looked at the questions on YouTube. I'm going to go ahead and look at these, and I'm going to answer them, and we're going to hop off here. What's up, Josh? What's up, everybody? Matic. Let's take a look at Matic for you. Sorry. Hopefully, you're still in here, or I'll just do it for everybody else.
The market is drawing towards this high in my opinion. You got an imbalance right up here. Well, what I'm looking to maybe become a balanced price range so that I would look for this high overall.
And the reason for that is price came back down into a weekly imbalance. What did the daily do? Market structure shift went a little lower. It looked like it took that low, but didn't take this low. Then another market structure shift off that little down move. So that's showing me, whenever we talk about order flow from an institutional perspective, we look, what is price drawing to? What is price showing displacement towards?
To me, as long as this move isn't a race today, which it could be, if we just close without making a lower low or leave a gap here, then you'd have a little pocket to look for. You might not get it because remember, it's getting close to that draw, but let's just say this happens. You wake up tomorrow, massive dump. Everybody looks short. Maybe you see a liquidity rate confirmation and you took it up. Overall, I would look for...
more upside up into this high. I like this right here. I had that marked out a little while ago. So hello Casper, I rarely see a low timeframe shift and structure in either a liquidity rate or an important OB. Well, you're probably looking in the wrong spots then because you should be seeing them.
You know, and if you don't see them, that's fine. You know, there's nothing wrong with not seeing a trade. Like, that's totally fine. You know, like, because that's another question I get sometimes, like, well, I'm not getting enough trades with this system. It's like, how much do you need? You know, if I can hit, if I have three 2R trades in a week, I'm done. I'm fine with that. Six R in a week, like, you're killing shit. You know, if you don't walk away from that.
And then you go back and you end up with two or three hour profit or worse, break even or even worse, a loss. That's just greed. So you don't have to always get a bunch of entries, but if you're not ever seeing them, you're probably looking at the wrong point. So you want to make sure you, you know, if you're day trading, I recommend the one hour, five or 15, five and one, and look for your liquidity pockets and areas on 15 and one hour. And again,
likelihood and probability heightens whenever you're adding other confluences like your direction of the trend. What's the market drawing towards? Are you in a premium? Are you in a discount? What's the daily saying? There's a lot of things you can take into account to look for. Can I check APT? You're such a damn DJ, Natalie.
I don't know why you want to trade stuff like this. I'll look at it, but I would not touch this. Somebody else literally asked for this today. I would not even consider touching this. You know what I'm saying? This chart compared to anything, it'd be the last thing I would touch. Just to be honest with you. It's not going to...
It's just not the better opportunities in my opinion because I don't I don't even trust my tea on this Right, this is like a airdrop my camera. I don't know exactly what about it was going crazy. I'm like
on Twitter and shit, like Aptos, like people are trying to make like a new ape or some shit, but I don't know anything about it except that it's a hype coin, which to me, I'm just, I'm not looking at it personally. I'll look at it for you. I'm not trying to be a dick, but I'm just, I wouldn't fuck with it. So if I look at this, I would say, okay, well, there's kind of your shift, I guess. I don't know if I'd really consider displacement relative to this chart.
Let's see. I mean, the range, you have no range, first of all, because your range is all the way from fucking $100 to $0. But if you're not using that, which you kind of have to, but if you're not, this would, in my opinion, be the range. So you're in a premium. You got the shift to the downside. Seems like price kind of pushed back into this hourly order block. Then it came up, took the high right here.
So what I'd look for is a five-minute shift here, which you got. So this, to me, a little three-drive. Look at that five-minute three-drive displacement. Fair value you got. So I would look for overall bearish on this. I wouldn't trade it, but if I was, I would look for price to kind of draw back down probably to this imbalance. It would be the overall draw on liquidity for me.
And again, just trying to get better at explaining things because.
You know, I think that's important. If you can't explain exactly what it is you're doing, then you don't know what you're doing. So I try to make it as mechanical as possible because if I can learn it, I can explain it to you guys and you can do the same thing. So again, what I'm looking for, this one's and this is low probability because really the range is here and it's a total fucking shitcoin rug pull. So this stuff may not even work. You know, the stuff that I use and if you're trading SOC, you know, it's.
It's a lower probability that it's going to work because you're trading in an illiquid market. But, you know, if this was something else, I'm looking at it. Here's a one hour range. The one hour is shifted down. We've returned to a POI, the five minute rate of liquidity, then shifted down. So this would be OK. Well, you know, now we're showing that sign that, you know, push up original plan or framework came from this.
so we shift it down that tells us the price is drawing into a discount price comes up into it little reaction then we raid liquidity remember no raid no trade so really in this area there was no raid not even the one hour we didn't take anything except you know we just just kind of reversed
That's why it's even lower probability because I'm looking at this as the swing high just because of how it came off of it. But the market can just keep going because realistically, your range is literally all of this shit. You can't even draw the range. But if you look at this, I would look for the downside. So I said 855 ES. There was a short model. I don't think so.
Not for what I would look for. I mean, you know, you could look at it like, you know, we shifted structure right here and then push down a little. I mean, maybe there was something, you know what I mean? Like you could have said, okay, well, the five minute came up here and this is just in hindsight stretch. I wouldn't have looked for this because I don't really use the five minute for liquidity, but you could say, okay, we took that high and maybe you went.
Back and said, okay, I'm we took a high so I'm gonna use the one minute market structure shift And this is how you can do this stuff, but it's just all about probability and you know, what is What makes the most sense? Here's a small fair value gap. You also have that order block
But either one, you could have looked at that and you said, okay, what's price drawing to? If you use the five-minute fine liquidity, you should probably use the five-minute to exit the trade. And since the range is overall in the one hour and everything is bullish, I think that it would make more sense to take a pretty reserve trade or nothing at all, right? And just go through the impulse move. So order block right there or this imbalance, better yet, you could just do that.
and you ask yourself is it worth it okay well probably you could probably catch 2r off that and this is something you would definitely want to use 2r actually i don't know if you could no you definitely couldn't so this is something i would have sat out on i wouldn't call it a cell model like in hindsight we did get a reaction um i don't know if it even hit that let's see went lower so that's just the way i would have looked at it it wouldn't have been something i would want to take i wouldn't call it a cell model in my terms because for me
I want a rate of a larger high, right? And again, remember, we're talking about ranges. We have this right here. And again, yes, we're in a premium. Yes, we're taking liquidity. But my framework always comes from my one hour. So somebody could say, oh, we took a high right here. One minute market structure shift. We're coming back down into a discount. Well, the one hour hasn't shifted for me. So I'm not looking for that.
And I might miss out on the best Pico snipe. I might miss out on the whole move. That's totally fine. I just know my chances of being correct are better if I stick to my plan. So my plan, I draw my, I get my daily drawn liquidity. I build my overall bias for the week and everything off that. Then I kind of dissect, I go into one hour, I draw my range. I ask myself, what is the market drawing towards? What was the last market structure shift? So in this situation, bullish, right?
What else is up here? The daily draw. Yes, we took these highs. Have we shown desire with a market structure shift to the downside? No. Hell, you could almost say we had another shift right here. What else did we have there? That early in the morning, in the 15 minute, we had the divergence with the NASDAQ. So until I get the shift to the downside, I'm not looking for price to return down.
That may get me in later, but that's okay. So this is what I streamed on Twitch. No, I don't really like Twitch, to be honest. So I said, how long have I been trading for? Off and on since like 2016, but serious like day trading and professionally since like early 2020. Oh yeah, Stevie Nicks. Yeah, it was fun as fuck. I don't know. I'm surprised. I was wondering if anybody's even going to know who that is. A lot of you guys are young as shit. I mean, I'm pretty young, but...
Check out sushi after my TA. I don't even remember what we said, to be honest. Oh, shit. Well, there we go. I'm guessing that I sent an alert. See, I swear, dude, I don't even see this shit. It's so frustrating. If I ever found it down to... It says an alert. Where the hell is it? Can't even click the... I guess I... I don't even see this shit, man.
But I hope that you benefited off this. I'm assuming you did. If you tell me to check this or maybe at least you noticed it, but this is looking pretty good. Going according to plan. Again, what is the market drawing towards? Up. So the market's drawing up. We come down, mitigate, up. What's market drawing towards? It's going to go back down into that discount imbalance after we get that shift. Now, how do we look at that, right? Once price comes back down, it shifts right here. So if you're in a premium,
Here's your shift. This is telling you what the price is going for. It's going to go for all these lows, and it's going to go possibly deeper, but it's drawing towards that first imbalance and a discount. Now, if it went lower, that's fine. It's okay. But all you need to know, for instance, if you're up here, let's just say just trading the one hour, let's just say you did this right here.
Maybe that's not really the best risk to reward, so maybe you didn't take it. But you can obviously frame that down with a one minute or five minute. But my point is, you only need to know what price is drawing towards next. You don't need to know, oh, well, we just reversed here. We're going to go down to this imbalance right here. You don't need to do all that. You're just kind of overthinking shit at that point.
But super nice reaction from our TA that we did last week. Again, now what's the one hour telling us? Bullish, right? So we look at this. If you were framing an entry off of the one hour, you would say, okay, right there. So any down move at this point, unless we get a shift to the downside, that's a buying opportunity. All right, look at what else we have in the daily. Equal highs.
High right there. One hour is bullish. We can the discount. Are we going to stop just right there? Probably not, right? But you don't need to take it farther than that, but we can look at it and I'll take into context that we've got equal highs. Price came back down into a weekly. I remember this now.
Price came back down into a weekly order block. Now the weekly is bullish. Weekly is bullish. Daily buy side is in the form of equal highs. Price is in a discount on the weekly. We have the one hour. Bullish price range right here. Nice reaction and confirmation of our daily zone we drew. So now we use a one hour to confirm the daily. We now have a one hour zone. If you would like, you can go in and try to refine on a 15 minute. So now you've got a little smaller zone.
You're engineering liquidity under it, right? So, and if you look at this 15 minute little impulse range, what have you done? You've taken the buy side, you haven't shifted down yet. And this is one of those where I personally wouldn't even try to like trade it, you know, unless you're just a sushi trader and that's all you trade. I wouldn't sit here and try to wait for the shift and then short down here. I would just, I'm gonna try to set on another alarm. We'll see if it actually catches my attention or not. But,
Overall, you could look for price to come down in here and then you'd look for the five minute to start to show bullish price action after liquidity rate. So you can kind of just layer and layer and layer and just continuously do that. So I hope that's helping you guys with how I kind of determine where we're drawing towards. Bitcoin pinned previous week's EQ almost to the dollar.
Well, the previous week's EQ for me, I just draw the body, so it already went above that. But maybe you're talking about here. Yeah, I mean, definitely that reaction. Maybe that's a better way to do it. I always just draw the bodies. That's where the institutional volume kind of is. The wicks are just the manipulation part of AMD where the high and low is being formed. But that's just, I would look for, you know, if I'm drawing the...
the previous week's equilibrium to determine how, you know, if we're in a strong continuation, I want a reaction off the equilibrium of the body. What times of session and kill zones in the crypto market? I think you asked me this last week. Maybe it wasn't you, but, and save this timestamp. That's, what is it? One hour, okay, I'm going to go to one hour and 11 minutes in. So London kill zone.
2 to 5 a.m. Eastern time and when I kill zone 7 to 9 7 to 9 a.m.
London close. And some people mark these different. This is what I do. I do 10 to 11. So you're going to say 10 to 12. I just do 10 to 11. That's when I see the better opportunities. Those are the three I would pay attention to. There's people who say there's a New York close kill zone. And I know ICT may have some other stuff. This is just what I focus on. And then if you're trading indices, I would say NYPM session is 1.30 to 3.00 PM.
and that's literally i've kind of just i've based that off of ict you know the 130 stuff but as far as ending at three that's just that's where i see those opportunities happen so anybody's wondering those are the kill and and that's for crypto too except the last one oh there you go all right that's the dxy frank jpy oops let me do that
I'll answer this one really quick. What sort of risk do I take? So 0.5% as long as the account is in a profit. And if the account moves to a drawdown, then I cut it in half to 0.25% until the account is in profit.
what I consider a 15 minute lick sweep of valid entry. I mean, there's more to it than that. Again, there's a lot of stuff, a lot of stuff that comes into play with making something, you know, and there's no, whenever people, if you say valid, like, am I telling you it's always going to work? No. Am I telling you it could be a probable situation? Maybe. And how would that maybe be determined? Well, what context is it in? Is it in, you know, and again, that's why I'm trying to develop this plan where I have my one hour, I draw my range.
premium discount i'm not going to keep saying it because i've already said it so many times i know the people that are um have been here the whole time are probably getting tired of me reiterating but more to it than that oops i've never really looked at this pair unless somebody's asked me to i think yeah maybe i have then um never went down there it's a while ago you know and clean this on the weekly it's about like every other yen pair
Be careful with stuff like this just because, oops, because we have a lot of stuff going on with the Bank of Japan this week. So blast it up through that. We're in this month, the order block. Again, I'm just, I'm not really like looking for many short narratives on anything against the yen. I just, I feel like, oh shit. I feel like that's kind of like this point. I mean, you know, until it's really confirmed, you're kind of just beat on a dead horse.
Looking at the month, we have that volume imbalance, the order blocks. It's something to keep in mind. Have it marked on the chart. Go to a weekly. Overall, the weekly. Look at this impulse move.
It's not really showing much of a reaction to that monthly volume imbalance. If anything, it came into and balanced the price range on a weekly. So, you know, we look at this, we have a monthly volume imbalance. We have a weekly fair value gap.
Yeah, we have a weekly fair value gap filled to a T. Nice reaction off of that. So at this point, we came to a discount of the weekly range, which is going to be our daily swing range. So the daily came down here. Now what happened at that point? Market structure shift after consolidation.
Price returned back down, tapped off that, and we see that bullish order flow, right? So whenever we come back down, market structure shift, we come down, really deep discount there. Actually took the low. This is pretty interesting, but it did take the low. But overall, we saw that nice reaction off of it. Another shift, price came back down, consolidated within this old consolidation, pushed back up. Now we've seen a shift over here.
And then I think this is, that was on Friday. As I say, there was a lot of manipulation with the yen last night. So again, see this right here, maybe some kind of, this is telling me the price is drawing down. Pretty wild price action here. But if I look, there's equal lows here, equal lows there.
And this bullish price action, remember, what is it seeking up towards? Well, we can operate in the context of daily that it's going to go after this high, but we don't need to take it all the way there. You just want to look. Okay, we have this massive fucking imbalance here, imbalance there. I mean, you can see that we came up. It looks like the order block was the reaction point. And then price on the one hour showed that it wants to go down. Now, again, on the one hour, remember, this is the range we're operating within. It'll be that right there.
So now we've came up, we've taken all external liquidity here and we are in the context of a daily. So it would be a less, you know, I guess probable situation whenever you're trying to, you know, it's going to be a complex pullback because we already came up right here. I did this actually, which happened first here? I didn't know that. Was it the dump or the pump? The pump happened first. Okay. That's what I thought. So that doesn't change anything. That would still be our range.
And when we look here, we still have a lot of liquidity in these lows down here. There's an order block. A lot of stuff that could come back down. We are in that monthly volume imbalance or just above it. So, you know, we could look for maybe shorts down into these lows or maybe down to a discount. Now, what I would want to see is that five minute shift, which.
Let's see this. This is just like crazy price action, to be honest, because like right here, you got your shift, obviously. Price kind of came up, took that little first low, didn't take the main, or not low, the high. Didn't take that, and then price, pretty choppy overall, but...
Came above that old high, shifted down, imbalance, price came back down, formed equal lows here. Overall, I'd be looking to sell, but this isn't really the cleanest price action. I wouldn't be trading this personally.
especially with all the stuff going on this week. I think it's just kind of suicide at that point. Now, you can make a lot of money off of it, but you also can lose a lot. And especially when you have these volatile news stuff, you got to be really aware of it because slippage is really real. And it's not the broker's fault. Let's just say if your stop loss was right, let's just say hypothetically speaking, you were in a long for whatever fucking reason. You had a long limit.
You didn't get stopped out right there. You got stopped out way down here. That can be the loss of your account. That one R can turn to fucking five, six R would slip. And it's not the broker's fault. It's your fault for putting yourself in that position. So that's something really to keep in mind. AAPT likely won't fill the wick. Well, definitely not. It's not going to go to a hundred bucks. That is for sure. Not going to go.
Sushi? Yeah, I think I'll kind of answer this afterwards. Do I use any CBDR concept? I've actually started to...
entertain that. Basically, what he's asking is when you mark at a certain time of the day, central bank dealing range, then you use FIB extensions and align them up with profit targets. For indices, like for Forex, I think that would maybe work a little cleaner. I'm not saying it doesn't work for indices, but I do notice a little bit less consistency with certain the midnight stuff with indices. You can get like a overall move off of it like I was showing this morning, but sometimes it won't be as
It won't hold so to speak Sessions seen a lot of people saying that New York kills on a 7 to 10 Then do 7 to 10. It's up to you What is that probable to reverse after hitting 15 minute by side so so again, it's just it's gonna be in context everything you know Is your one hour bullish or is it bearish is you are you in a premium or a discount? What's your daily chart telling you? You're not every single liquidity sweep is gonna be a reversal. Yeah
Like Hunter said, pre-market is seven to nine. Okay, here's ETC. Let's do this one and I'm going to hop off this last one. Holy fuck. Okay, it's actually, is this, what was this, a weekly breaker? I swear I don't fucking see any alerts. So this one with breakers, with crypto, I'm like, I watch them, but until I get a shift here, this is a potential reversal zone. It seems like it's getting some kind of reaction fill in this imbalance.
So weekly reacted off this order block very nicely. Massive market structure shift. So the weekly tells me that we are trying to draw up higher. So we got equal highs right there. Also get a high right there.
That's a pretty big move. Again, not trying to long it all the way there, but potential that the weekly might stay bullish. Now, what are we going to use to confirm that? I'm going to use a daily. So we're using a weekly POI. We're not going to use a 15-minute to confirm it. So I'm looking at the daily. I don't see anything telling me that we're going to go up rapidly. Now, what would that be? I shift and break this high with displacement and leave a fair value gap.
And then once we come to that fair value gap, then I'm going to jump on one hour. And that's how you kind of build that narrative and confirm it and build confidence in that analysis. So here we have a framework, but nothing yet. And again, continuation until proving otherwise. What is the daily showing us? Here's a massive move down.
Maybe it was drawing into this breaker block, but until then, we just look at this as a potential cell area because that's why we want to see a displacement into here and we don't want to just see a break of the high because that break of the high could just be mitigating that and we could be going farther down. It's really important to use confirmation and not just use a high timeframe POI and say, oh, that's what we're going to reverse.
And again, Dork, I don't know if you're watching. I literally go to one hour and 11 minutes after the video is over. I put them in text on the screen so you can take a screenshot of it there. That way you have it for the future. Okay, I'll do oil for you, Hunter. Last one. Actually, the last one.
Market structure shift on a daily, sorry, right here. We didn't come all the way to a weekly discount, but I will say with oil, this range is kind of fucked up because it was whenever oil went negative. And yes, it went negative because of the storage during COVID, but I just drew it from...
so i'm going to do that the low up here the high that's the weekly impulse swing to me i know it's kind of like damn how's that really your impulse i mean i'm not going to drop from the bottom and that it's a little iffy we have these equal lows at a discount um
Oh, sessions. Sorry. I didn't see it. You said, okay, so 7 to 5 is New York. I would look at Asia as some people look at it at 7 p.m. Some people look at it at 9 p.m. Eastern until 4 a.m. And that's just because Japan and Australia open at different times. And London session is 2 a.m. to 11 a.m. So sorry about that.
a quick look at cl also if you'd like you can actually get just to help you out um i have this forex market sessions indicator um it's by boy talky i'll give you go in here just kind of fx market sessions can be boy talky you can turn that on and you can change the times to show you and make it visual that way you kind of remember it um
So I need some WTI. I just looked at CL. I just realized that. But what I would look at here is a potential up move here just because I know we didn't come to a discount, but there's a lot of shit going on with OPEC. Talking about cutting supply.
The recent info of funds exiting this quarter, I'm not sure what that is about, but if I look here, we came into a discount. Looks like the order block was moved. So the one hour.
And this is the last thing we had drew right here. I wanted to come here and I wanted to come down and see this is an example of that getting invalidated. Now I didn't take a trade off this or anything. I haven't been trading oil lately just because of all the crazy news, but now here, look what happens here. That's a market structure shift, right? Now maybe it was just drawing here.
because we had another shift down. So you just want to look, what's the most recent, what is price action telling us right now? So this one's a little choppy, but what I see is that right there, after we took a low, came off that low very nicely, you could look at the imbalance or the fair value gap as a potential zone to continue. So then what I would look for here,
You know the five minute nothing really yet, but I would look for that same occurrence You know shift in market structure in the five minute leaving a fair value gap and that's where you can start to try to trade that Overall as long as it holds this area I would look for upwards movement now if it doesn't now if we get a
uh put big push to the downside right another big push then you might start seeing it draw lower but as of right now i still like this gap that's where i originally wanted us to go but as of right now you know until proven otherwise the order flow would move to the upside because that daily range impulse swing came back down and um again this is kind of fundamentally influenced this is more like a case study for me um but uh
You know that's that's just really And I will I wouldn't be trading it personally and dork. I want to put in the comments for you and then I'm gonna Yeah, but on that note guys, I'm gonna hop off here I really appreciate you all coming through if you have any questions you guys know how to get through to me Let me make sure there's nothing else
Oh, I just said it's anonymous. Yeah. Hell yeah. I'm glad it's helping you. Yeah. I try to reiterate things. I know I'm like a broken record sometimes, but I just want to drill certain things and anything I report as important or anything I repeat is important. So I'm glad that you're paying attention and you're showing up every day too. So that's a, that's a big deal that shows you're in the, in the right mindset. So.
I will see you guys tomorrow at noon. Those that are in the private Discord, we're going to do a class tonight. It's going to be 8 p.m., so if you want to hop in that, you can go ahead and start a free trial. All the stuff is in the description for you to do that. You can use my code to get the free trial. It's all caps, Casper. If you hop in this Discord, just at me. Let me know you're in here. Let me know from Twitter so I can say what's up.
If not, I will see you tomorrow and we'll resume and see how the market's moving after all these massive earnings. So again, closing thoughts here. Overall, I would look for a bullish push, but it can be really choppy because there's going to be earnings. There's going to be a lot of news. Anything can happen. Just stay patient. Don't force anything. This is not the week to be over trading. This is a week that will murder you if you're not careful.
But yeah, till tomorrow, I will see you guys later. Peace.
