Yo, are you going to stream FOMC?
Yeah, hold on one second Thank you fancy yeah, my bag I literally just fucking sat down like this was like
all Americans. And we are also the fans. To learn more about the Federal Reserve, you'll find a wide range of resources on the Board of Governors website at federalreserve.gov.
Thought it was a 2 p.m. Here actually we'll just let's not look at this for 30 minutes films on euro. Let's go take trims Holy shit. I like I said, I just I got back with one looking like hopefully not with their stop loss. Oh my god handles Get out just kept my bad guys Let's go. Oh goldhead break even it's okay. It's okay my euro push higher
Oh, yeah, there we go. Give me some pump action. We'll see, though. I don't want to pump too hard before this, because then I might dump on us. Is the funding rate decision out yet? Hold on. I could have sworn I thought it was 2 p.m. That's why I moved it straight into 2. Please fill me a high. Wait, how usual? Okay, so it came out on... Okay, so the interest rates were on forecast. Yeah, it's 2 p.m. East Coast. 2 p.m. East Coast.
so they came in uh as expected at right at 2 p.m seemed like everything moved down first kind of took out liquidity i'm glad we had these stops at break even and i've just been a meme to get stopped out and see this
Okay. So I looked at this this morning when we had this right here, I was looking back and that like nice push through that area. I expected maybe I was even saying go up into this daily order block and then move down, but it looked like it was showing a desire to move down, which is good for our longs. What's the stock market doing?
It's just moving into this imbalance, though, so I think, who knows? We might have some kind of pump and dump just because of whatever he says, but Lord J-Pow, your life's in our hands. I'm just kidding. What are you guys doing? What's up, Scorpion? Yeah, what's up? Nothing much. I've been trying to do so much shit for this house. I needed to get a new washer and dryer. I needed to get this new TV that I ordered. I just didn't pick it up.
did a bunch to clean out my garage and like literally got done and got home at like 159. it's like perfect timing yeah so um what's xmr oh xmr's gonna work oh my god holy where was my oh is this right here then i pipped it and fell that fast oh my look at this one minute candle on xmr i should have just set a limit on my alert we've talked about this for a while
I wanted this to come up higher into this one hour gap up here. There's an OTE. I'm excited if it just goes. It takes this high though.
God damn. I mean, I don't know what kind of reversal really is going to give here. It's going to give any kind of good stop loss if it does reverse. It's going to be a reversal. It's going to be a fast one because this just pumped hard as fuck. Yeah, I think that's what I'm saying. I think it's going to be one of those like fuck yous. Like it hit my alert, but it's like, what are you going to do with that? All right. What was that? Was it XMR we were just looking at? Am I tripping? Hold on. What are we just getting? What am I getting alert for? XMR. Okay, never mind. I don't know what the fuck got that.
Wait. So is the fucking perps really that different than spa right now? I got spa pumped. Yeah, look how much different fucking XMR tether is compared to the perps. Wait. I hit my would-be stop loss from last night. This shit could be a fucking fat short. I'm not touching shit right now. Yeah, fuck no. I'm gonna see if it can at least get rejected. Okay, I'm like...
Gold went through that H4OB. Okay, never mind. I was looking at this. I kept thinking of the one. When I was in the one hour, I just thought I was in the one minute. I was like, bro, I know. I just saw a massive wick on this chart. I was like, what the fuck is going on? My boy came over to help me with my stuff in my house. He has a dog. My cat is so scared of dogs. It's my girl's cat. He literally is hiding behind my monitor. I feel bad for him, but he's kind of like, yeah, chill, buddy.
All right, is there like a stream where he's talking or is it just Wait, can you guys not hear me? I mean, I hear you but I'm trying to find this live video. It's not for a third minute 30 minutes Yeah God damn whoever got those 23 million dollars and fucking Apple puts earlier is like fall and Apple but Apple's right at this Anchor VWAB from all time allies
So I don't know. Massive divergence on the Dow, if this holds. I mean, this is too early to call it. But, well, I mean, actually, I guess. Like bullish divergence? No, no, no. Oh, you should look at Bitcoin.
it's getting back up there i see because spy isn't making a new high and then yeah like so if you look at ym just like the the main one hour high right here that we've made i mean i guess theoretically they have made a higher high but it's just like this i don't know this would be divergence in a weird way because they all have made higher highs like here is the high now we've made a higher high on all three but like this took out the major liquidity pool the buy side of this range so it's like a little different
Thou has a mind of its own though. Everything else is just in this imbalance right here. Yeah. Got too much stuff on my chart for ES. I gotta clean this up. Group it. I'll think Spy will make it over $3,900. Or at least he has $500. There we go. Much fucking better. Yeah, DXY. Going for something below.
and i mean when i'm looking at this like i don't know this looks like it wants the lows bro i mean like that'd be kind of crazy but that'd be nice i think i think so too i think the divergence is valid and um i've been waiting for this to retest around this 3900 level again yeah another thing too we're straight waking off okay euro doesn't have it but i'll say another thing too like see how we've made a lower high and a lower low on the dollar let me see something actually
No, I'm not actually I mean it like I'm just looking at the sense of like for this liquidity pool right here because the major Points liquidity at these little ranges have been taken on the dollar on euro on Dow But on ES and as NQ were nowhere near the actual buy side of this one hour little local range
You're thinking it pumps up a little bit more? I'm not trying to predict what will happen, but if it holds from this, I would say that'd be manipulation on the dollar into stocks potentially with other TA just because the dollar is making a lower low. There's a reason. This should be making a higher high. But theoretically, you would look at this right here. It did make a lower low. And then if you look at SPY, it did make a higher high recently. I'm kind of just using my eye for that. I don't know if that will work out or not, but I'm just observing it.
Also, this is a nice move off that low on Bitcoin. This tells me we want higher at least maybe up until what he's saying. But there's also a lot of low resistance liquidity or low resistance runs on liquidity through this little range right here on Bitcoin.
Yeah, I literally was telling somebody in chat, I was like, one of these is on stream. I said, one of these levels is getting attacked before FOMC. I'm not going to chance it. Yeah. I knew it too. I was like, this is going to get fucking, there's going to be a straight sweep and get all the early shorts out. We had nice, I mean, from last night and today. Bitcoin ran 2R. I mean, that wasn't bad. We didn't get the fully out or anything, but I was out pretty heavily. What if I told you that I sniped that top?
With a small lot. The one that we just made? Yeah. You're shorting it? Yes, when we were talking about that divergence. Oh, hell yeah. Yeah, we'll see. I mean... I'd be taking profit if it were me personally. I mean, if it's like a ton... I'm not trying to tell you this and then something crazy happened. I would be probably trimming heavily at equilibrium.
just that's just me but i'm not telling you to do that don't do that and you know just know if you do that it could just ship but yeah because well we rejected this 0.5 fib retracement that i drew twice right so we had that big dump yesterday and then on last friday we came up above it and then kind of came down and then
I don't think we get back over the 0.5. 0.5 of what? Where do you draw the 0.5? 5-bit retracement on the 4-hour from... Let me see. Can you just draw me a picture? Probably be easy. I can look in crypto chat or wherever. Yeah, I'll just send it to you. What's up, Bjorn and Jerome? I post it in stock chat. Let me take a look.
And also where you were talking about is skin reject off this volume profile. I don't know because I saw you say you were going to use volume profile more. It actually is because it lines up with your TA. I've realized like I've been watching your TA and it just like, I don't know. Yeah, no, for sure. I just tagged it. I was looking for it. I was like, I don't see it in stock. Where is the fib exactly? Oh, is it this right here? This one right here? Yeah. Yeah. Gave you the four hour picture from where I drew it and then.
Oh, the fib levels on the side. I'm an idiot. My bad, bro. I was like, wait, where are the fib levels? You're good. That's what I was like. I think that's it. So, yeah. So you direct the whole like weekly daily range. Yeah, that was a four. I drew that in a four hour. But seeing these wicks, bro, I don't know. I don't think they're going to. I don't think this will pump much more. It's in J-Pow's hands. Papa J-Pow. Deliver us. I just think when I look at this, I just see. I mean, I don't know, bro. Like.
I feel like a crazy guy. I mean, I'm not going to aim for this or like bet on the farm on it, but I mean, I really wouldn't be that surprised if we hit August highs. I swear I won't be surprised anymore at this point. And the reason I say that is just because the way we reacted to these key levels that, you know, and we come up here, we left a massive order block. We left a lot of imbalances here, just left them behind. And whenever we came here, we didn't see a high resistance run on liquidity. So like we, we made, we did this number.
You know what I'm saying? Instead of this number. And that's what you want to see for like a true reversal, like where there's smart money intention because they come in right at the early stops, get in our positions, and then that's going to be high resistance to liquidity. But then in this example, you see that on the downside, but you don't see it on the top up here and you don't see it here either. So no liquidity is anything, right? It's just all mitigation. So theoretically, you know, that's more likely to get targeted than this would be for right now.
Cause if you're looking at this, just this daily range, like the true areas of stop losses are going to be here, here and here for all the leaps, you know, any, anybody who's trying to just short the house, like the crash, like this is betting on the market to crash. It's got crazy options or that's where all their stops are going to be is these three levels. Cause I mean, where else are they? Yeah. I mean, maybe there's some crazy motherfucker has a stops, you know, almost an all time high, but I mean, you know, I would just be picture perfect. And plus everybody wants a fucking.
crash literally every in the world wants a stock market crash right now and thinks that they're calling it so and you know i i also think it definitely could just come up to this imbalance and just die it could just die where it's at right now but you know i'm interested to see the price action going into midterms after this uh fomc statement and the way that dxy looks i think the dxy could easily you know make a very big push down into this imbalance which would be quite the drop
or DXY and be basically like another one of the drops we just had for this much momentum we've made up. Well, I remember last week we were talking about that demand. Yeah, mapped out and it's still holding that shit pretty nice.
On which was it? On DXY. Oh, the weekly order book. I think that's what y'all are talking about. Yeah. I mean, he got its reaction there, but it's really kind of failing though. So, I mean, not yet, but like, so whenever we came down onto it, you know, usually I'd go to a daily and I want to see a shift in market structure displacement. And this just, there's no.
this would have to go down farther to really do that because like you know until we unless we're going to take this high with displacement you know that wouldn't really confirm that and when you look deeper in that order block in a discount of it we have this massive imbalance equal lows and then if we look at the lower time frames on uh the dollar it's shifting down right now that could change this could be manipulation that's why it's not good to trade until everything's over with but you know that tells me i was moving for lower you know maybe was it these lows or you know that could have been it but overall
You know, when we're in a daily range, that is, you know, the impulse swing is bearish, which is this move right here after we took this liquidity. I was usually looking at it or used to look at this like equal highs, but theoretically I did pip the high. Then we look here, came right back up to a premium of that move and reacted super rough, which tells me that there's a high possibility that this is still bearish. Now, I did want it to come up higher into this candle, but if we look, you know, it's doji.
It didn't come down past or it didn't come past a equilibrium of it, but it did come into the lower half of it. And, you know, theoretically, you can, you know, I see a lot of people mark these as order blocks. I usually like the big volume candles if they're obvious, but so I don't know. I could see both cases though. You know, I could say, see that we are in a premium for not only the daily swing range or the daily impulse range on ES and NQ, but also on the weekly range. So, you know, we've taken out price delivery arrays.
And there is a probability that, you know, that was all the internal liquidity that's going to get swept. But when I really look at this, I just took 200 on that. So I'm just going to let my Apple ride out now.
Do its thing. Easy 200 in like 20 minutes. I started a small Apple position earlier. Just risking like 250 bucks. Nothing crazy. But I would rather take it now before Powell speaks because you never know what the fuck Powell's going to say. Yeah. Like this right here. Like I see so much more liquidity that it's just like how does this not get taken? If not even higher. You know what I'm saying? Because like there's a volume imbalance right above this high.
So much shit, bro. You know what I'm saying? So I'm just like, fuck. Yeah, it's just this 3950, 3900 level. I don't know, bro. There's so much resistance on my chart right here. If it pushed over that, I'd like to see September. That September high from when Jackson Hole happened. I think that's when Jackson Hole was. That was this one, I'm pretty sure. No, no, that was this one. I'm looking at September 12th. That was CPI.
But then I think the Jackson was either the previous one or maybe the top. I think it was the previous one. The one where he was like a massive engulfing. Yeah. Because if we can just pop over 44,000 on ES and just kind of reject from 4,080, I'd probably definitely go fucking balls deep in shorts. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, I'll play it with, you know, kind of.
roll out the punches and see how everything happens but i'm telling you i would not be surprised if we just came up and meme the out of everybody right here not because like we're like think about what's the most unpredictable thing that would happen in this market right now to the general public is that i saw everybody on twitter was so bullish bro like ultra ultra bullish and a lot of people in here were too yeah i'm leaning that way as well not gonna lie
But again, I just kind of, that's the nice thing about day traders. And I tell people all the time, like, that's more for like fun and speculation because am I executing on that? Like, for instance, like for, for me to be like, yeah, it's going to go up here. Then it's going to come take the equal loads of leaves to go back up here. I don't, I don't need to know all that shit. I just need to know like what's going to happen today. You know what I'm saying? So that's why I really, I put that video out yesterday about just using the one hours a daily. Cause literally you can tell the one hour is telling you just the displacement. Like when this happens, you know,
The one hour is telling us it wanted to go down to a discount. What happened? It went down, came up a little bit. As soon as it came to this gap, right above that high, it barely pipped it.
That's clean, but it barely pipped it. Fucking just floored it down at a discount. You know what I mean? It's just like now if we come into a discount, you know, we got a shift. Now it depends how this holds. Now we need to close another one hour candle without filling this gap, which something tells me that's going to be not going to happen with the massive fucking earthquake that's going to hit the market as soon as J-PAL says anything. But I like this level to be quite honest. This is one we've been talking about for a couple of days.
If I can get trading view to let me extend it. That imbalance and a discount. And there's also an order block down here. NQ has something similar. Oh, NQ hit it. Look at that.
i'm just glad i made that little 200 off that quick scout yeah hell yeah it's fucking a work day for a lot of people and you made in 20 minutes gotta be grateful for that kind of those little easy tickets bro that shit was in like five ten minutes bro like as soon as we were talking about oh it looks toppy i said okay let me just put a small one i put a small one in too bro like if i would have went deep as fuck bro i'd end up like a stack right there but fuck it i'm not even worried about p and l i'm just trying to catch these points hell yeah
make sure they'll start early on yeah because bro like apple right now i want to send you this it's what's usd jpy i drew a anchored bwop from all from uh june lows it's rejecting that now and it had just rejected the all-time high anchor bwop from
This is October 28th. So seeing how we're just kind of rejecting that June low VWAP just tells me everybody's trying to get out here that bought the bottom. The USDJPY though, look at this. Dude, I didn't really get it. I don't trade it to be honest.
That thing murked me before, and I just straight gave up. I lost like 350 on some sales, and I was like, okay, this thing's just not moving correctly at all, bro. Just so manipulated. It's good for scalping, I feel like. Soon it'll be good for sales at some point, 85 years from now, but I like these lows, to be honest. Nice market maker sale model.
Consolidation. Consolidation. Even a mini consolidation. Hello, Christopher. What's good, man? Could you check Charlie's chart? Oh, yeah, yeah. My bad. Hold on. Oh, CHC chart. ICT sells bull trap. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised at all. Oops.
I don't know. It's one thing I never really pay attention to, to be honest. I used to have his tweet notifications on, but I just turned them off because there's been days where it's swayed my bias. And even if it's ICT, I'm not going to. I don't want to put that in front. I don't really look at other people's stuff too, too much because I think that even if you're learning and stuff, it's one thing.
It can shake your bias if you already have a bias. Do you wait for a power speech before enter new position? Yeah, I would. I wouldn't enter anything right now. We've gotten one really early in the early hours of the day, before market opened, 5 a.m.
that you know i'm not trying to get into something this close to it because most likely everything that's close is going to get destroyed like i mean who knows but um so wait what is this i have to see what happens when he talks yeah i would wait till after because you never know what's gonna what's gonna come you know it's just gambling so with chz um it seems like it's reaching up higher i mean to be honest like you know
Keep showing strength this high isn't out of the question as far as... Oops, let's see why it's doing that. Because if we look, we came down and we took this. We also left these. I don't really like this, to be honest, because it's just a lot of liquidity there. A lot of stops built up right there, that support looking, so to speak, stuff. People are going to look at that as strength.
But when I'm looking at why we're drawing up higher, I mean, to be honest, this is the only place I would really see that potential reversal at. I would wait to see if we can maybe attack that high and then get a one hour shift. But any of the setups that come from CPI or not CPI from FOMC, I'm not going to I don't think that we're not going to get an entry within the first hour, probably even today. It's just we want to see the big reaction. And like, you know, for instance, like.
last time we had really crazy high drive or high impact news was was cpi and it was this if you look it took a long time you know it took uh three or four hours for the market to kind of show us its hand and even then it was like kind of choppy trading for a little bit but we just are going to be able to get at least a big you know kind of a narrative here because now if we come down and like you know get a major break of structure the downside
you know, if we come down and do that and then close under it, as we look back up into the premium of that range, we could maybe look for shorts that, you know, we could try to start taking, you know, lows and look for bearish ranges if the one hour confirms it. And really I would, it'd be, you know, if we took this and kind of just came down like this and let's say then price does its thing, comes up here.
It gives us our reversal. Yeah, I'll look for sales, but I'll still be aggressive targeting until we, you know, let's say, because we could just do this. But if we do just kind of plunge through it, you know, then I would start looking at more of a bearish narrative as the one hour, like, maintains and flips the trend to bearish. Until then, I'm going to be kind of like aggressive with profit taking on sales.
I'm still eating bullish, but again, everything can change. This shit can literally melt to fucking $3,300. You never know. It's best just to wait. Every bit of bias you have could just get erased. You literally never know. Let's see what a circuit breaker would be. I think a circuit breaker is 12% because we almost had one here. Why is it not doing the measuring time? The circuit breaker is at 7%. 7%? Okay. Yes, sir. You're right, because it almost hit it this day.
Yeah, CPI day was so fucking close. Yeah, bro. Who knows? We might get it. Let's see. Wait, so a circuit breaker is considered one day? Yeah, like the high to low. I think maybe the open to the low. I don't know. It might be the open to the low. From the open to the low, if we drop 7%, it's halted. Okay. They halt the markets. Holy shit. It happened. Last time it happened was COVID 2020 when we dropped. So 7%.
It's like right near this low. Let's just see. 3618. Yeah, I said 3300. That's not going to happen, guys. Let's hope it doesn't because if they're going to get the strap, the walking dead starting in America. Just kidding. That's fucked. I think Powell's really just going to... He's going to be like, yep, I want to announce we're pivoting on our position. We've got inflation under control. I'm just kidding.
Then the war is over. Didn't we just have a war scare with Iran and Saudi the other day? I don't think so. I know there's tension, but I don't think there was any kind of scare. I know North Korea this morning early was launching missiles.
It seems to me like we're on the verge. Like, somebody farts and we're in fucking World War 3. Yeah, right, dude. It's fucked up, bro. Somebody looked at you the wrong way. We're going all out. Japan was in their seas and stuff like that. They were... Sorry. You're good, bro. I thought I saw this morning. Am I crazy? Hold on. I swear. I saw something on North Korea launching missiles this morning. Okay. No.
Unless I'm like dreaming because I was really early whenever I thought that. Yeah, this right here. Okay. I was going to say, I was like, bro, I know I'm not tripping. It was like just a bunch of like 13 missiles. One minute till pow pow. So much wasted money. Like their whole country is literally starving. They have like fake fucking grocery stores that have fake plastic food in them. And then he's out here just shooting like 15 missiles on the option. Fucking kill yourself. The market's moving a little bit. A daily camel's starting to look fuller.
Oh, shit. Yeah, good thing you saw those sales. That's what I was saying. Look, let's see where it reversed. I probably didn't make it down to a premium. Oh, my God. Look at that. I don't know. I'm stupid. It's right here. Didn't even make it down. This would probably be where you'd see a liquidity rate at the real one if it was going to happen. This or maybe one more. I'd say it gets rejected right here. I mean, if the US 500 can't make it over 38.96, then... This is where you'd want it to. This would be that run on liquidity.
But, you know, you also still have quite a bit of imbalance to fill with the lows right under. So it's fun to watch, I will say. Here, let's see what J-Pow's talking about. Should I put, like, the char on one side and J-Pow on the other? Let's see what that looks like. Yeah. Yeah, let's do that. All right, guys, get your popcorn. I'm going to go ahead and mute my mic. Good afternoon.
My colleagues and I are strongly committed to bringing inflation back down to our 2% goal. I can't hear it. You can't hear it? Yeah, for some reason, there's no audio. Oh, fuck on. I know what I need to do. One second. I'm glad you said that. Hey, you'll just be able to see this. Can you hear now?
Okay, cool. That's all the way up now. Oh, it's definitely loud as shit, but that's not what it's getting from. It's all the way. Has anybody else's quiet? Mine's loud as shit through my ears. We are moving our policy stance purposefully to a level that will be sufficiently restrictive to return inflation to 2%.
Sounds loud. Okay, cool. Restoring price stability will likely require maintaining a restrictive stance of policy for some time. I will have more to say about today's monetary policy actions after briefly reviewing economic developments. The U.S. economy has slowed significantly from last year's rapid.
pace that's night that again real gdp rose at a pace of 2.6 percent last quarter but is unchanged so far this year recent indicators point to modest growth of spending and production this quarter growth in consumer spending has turned on the money in part reflecting lower real disposable income and tighter financial conditions activity in the housing sector has weakened significantly largely reflecting higher mortgage rates
Higher interest rates and slower output growth also appear to be weighing on business fixed investment. Despite the slowdown in growth, the labor market remains extremely tight, with the unemployment rate at a 50-year low, job vacancies still very high, and wage growth elevated. Job gains have been robust, with employment rising by an average of 289,000 jobs per month over August and September.
Although job vacancies have moved below their highs and the pace of job gains has slowed from earlier in the year, the labor market continues to be out of balance, with demand substantially exceeding the supply of available workers. The labor force participation rate is little changed since the beginning of the year.
Inflation remains well above our longer-run goal of 2%. Over the 12 months ending in September, total PCE prices rose 6.2%, excluding the volatile food and energy categories. Core PCE prices rose 5.1%.
And the recent inflation data again have come in higher than expected. Price pressures remain evident across a broad range of goods and services. Russia's war against Ukraine has boosted prices for energy and food and has created additional upward pressure on inflation.
Despite elevated inflation, longer-term inflation expectations appear to remain well anchored, as reflected in a broad range of surveys of households, businesses, and forecasters, as well as measures from financial markets. But that is not grounds for complacency. The longer the current bout of high inflation continues, the greater the chance that expectations of higher inflation will become entrenched.
The Fed's monetary policy actions are guided by our mandate to promote maximum employment and stable prices for the American people. My colleagues and I are acutely aware that high inflation imposes significant hardship as it erodes purchasing power, especially for those least able to meet the higher costs of essentials like food, housing, and transportation.
We are highly attentive to the risks that high inflation poses to both sides of our mandate, and we're strongly committed to returning inflation to our 2% objective. At today's meeting, the committee raised the target range for the federal funds rate by 75 basis points, and we are continuing the process of significantly reducing the size of our balance sheet, which plays an important role in firming the stance of monetary policy.
With today's action, we've raised interest rates by three and three quarters percentage points this year. We anticipate that ongoing increases in the target range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate in order to attain a stance of monetary policy that is sufficiently restrictive to return inflation to 2% over time. Financial conditions have tightened significantly in response to our policy actions, and we are seeing the effects on demand in the most interest rate sensitive sectors of the economy, such as housing.
It will take time, however, for the full effects of monetary restraint to be realized, especially on inflation. That's why we say in our statement that in determining the pace of future increases in the target range, we will take into account the cumulative tightening of monetary policy and the lags with which monetary policy affects economic activity and inflation. At some point,
As I've said in the last two press conferences, it will become appropriate to slow the pace of increases as we approach the level of interest rates that will be sufficiently restrictive to bring inflation down to our 2% goal. There is significant uncertainty around that level of interest rates. Even so, we still have some ways to go. And incoming data since our last meeting suggests that the ultimate level of interest rates will be higher than previously expected.
Our decisions will depend on the totality of incoming data and their implications for the outlook for economic activity and inflation. We will continue to make our decisions meeting by meeting and communicate our thinking as clearly as possible. We're taking forceful steps to moderate demand so that it comes in with supply. Our overarching focus is using our tools to bring inflation back down to our 2% goal and to keep longer term inflation expectations well anchored.
Reducing inflation is likely to require a sustained period of below-trend growth and some softening of labor market conditions. Restoring price stability is essential to set the stage for achieving maximum employment and stable prices in the longer run. The historical record cautions strongly against prematurely loosening policy. We will stay the course until the job is done.
To conclude, we understand that our actions affect communities, families, and businesses across the country. Everything we do is in service to our public mission. We at the Fed will do everything we can to achieve our maximum employment and price stability goals. Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.
Thank you. Colby Smith with the Financial Times. On the need to slow the pace of rate increases at some point, is a downshift contingent on a string of better inflation data specifically between now and, let's say, the December meeting? Or is that something that the Fed could potentially proceed with independent of that data, given the lag effects that you mentioned? So a couple of things on that.
We do need to see inflation coming down decisively, and good evidence of that would be a series of down monthly readings. Of course, that's what we'd all love to see, but I've never thought of that as the appropriate test for slowing the pace of increases or for identifying the appropriately restrictive level that we're aiming for. We need to bring our policy stance down to a level that's sufficiently restrictive to bring inflation down to our 2% objective over the medium term.
How will we know that we've reached that level? Well, we'll take into account the full range of analysis and data that bear on that question, guided by our assessment of how much financial conditions have tightened, the effects that tightening is actually having on the real economy and on inflation, taking into consideration lags, as I mentioned. We will be looking at real rates, for example, all across the yield curve and all other financial conditions as we make that assessment.
Hi, Howard Schneider with Reuters. Look, I'm sure there's going to be tons of confusion out there about whether this means you're going to slow in December or not. Would you say that the bias right now is not for another 75 basis point increase? So what I want to do is put that question of pace in the context of our broader tightening program, if I may, and talk about the statement language along the way.
So I think you can think about our tightening program as really addressing three questions, the first of which was and has been how fast to go. The second is how high to raise our policy rate. And the third will be eventually how long to remain at a restrictive level. So on the first question, how fast to tighten policy, it's been very important that we move expeditiously, and we have clearly done so. We've moved three and three quarters percent since March, admittedly from a base of zero.
It's a historically fast pace, and that's certainly appropriate, given the persistence and strength in inflation and the low level from which we started. So now we come to the second question, which is how high to raise our policy rate. And we're saying that we'd raise that rate to a level that's sufficiently restrictive to bring inflation to our 2 percent target over time. And we put that into our post-meeting statement.
Because that really does become the important question we think now is how far to go. And I'll talk more about that. We think there's some ground to cover before we meet that test. And that's why we say that ongoing rate increases will be appropriate. And as I mentioned, incoming data between the meetings, both the strong labor market report, but particularly the CPI report, do suggest to me that we may.
ultimately move to higher levels than we thought at the time of the September meeting. That level is very uncertain, though, and I would say we're going to find it over time. Of course, with the lags between policy and economic activity, there's a lot of uncertainty. So we note that in determining the pace of future increases, we'll take into account the cumulative tightening of monetary policy as well as the lags with which monetary policy affects economic activity and inflation.
I would say as we come closer to that level, move more into restrictive territory, the question of speed becomes less important than the second and third questions. And that's why I've said at the last two press conferences that at some point it will become appropriate to slow the pace of increases. So that time is coming, and it may come as soon as the next meeting or the one after that. No decision has been made. It is likely we'll have a discussion about this at the next meeting, a discussion.
To be clear, let me say again, the question of when to moderate the pace of increases is now much less important than the question of how high to raise rates and how long to keep monetary policy restricted, which really will be our principal focus. If I could follow up on that, to what degree was there an importance or weight given to a need to signal this possibility now, given all the concerns really around the globe about
fed policy sort of driving ahead uh and everybody else you know dealing with their own stress uh as a result well i think um i'm i'm pleased that we have moved as fast as we have i don't think we've over tightened i think there's very difficult to make a case that that our current level is is too tight given that inflation still runs well above the federal funds rate so um i think that at this meeting
The last two meetings, as I've mentioned, I've said that there would come a point, and this was a meeting at which we had a discussion about what that might mean. And we did discuss this. And as I mentioned, we'll discuss it again in December. But I don't have any sense that we've over-tightened or moved too fast. I think it's been good and a successful program that we've gotten this far this fast. Remember, though, that we still think there's a need for ongoing rate increases.
We have some ground left to cover here, and cover it we will. Nick Tamarosa, The Wall Street Journal. Chair Powell, core PCE inflation on a three- or six-month annualized basis and on a 12-month basis has been running in the high fours close to 5%. Is there any reason to think you won't have to raise rates at least above that level to be confident that you are imparting enough restraint to bring inflation down?
So this is the question of does the policy rate need to get above the inflation rate? And I would say there are a range of views on that. That's the classic Taylor principle view. But I would think you'd look more at a forward, you know, a forward looking measure of inflation to look at that. But I think the answer is we'll want to get.
the policy rate to a level where the real interest rate is positive. We will want to do that. I do not think of it as the single and only touchstone, though. I think you put some weight on that. You also put some weight on rates across the curve. Very few people borrow at the short end of the federal funds rate, for example. So households and businesses, if they're very meaningfully positive interest rates all across the curve for them.
Credit spreads are larger, so borrowing rates are significantly higher. And I think financial conditions have tightened quite a bit. So I would look at that as an important feature. I'd put some weight on it, but I wouldn't say it's something that is the single dominant thing to look at. If I could follow up, what is your best assessment or the staff's best assessment right now of the current rate of underlying inflation?
I don't have a specific number for you there. There are many, many models that look at that. And I mean, one way to look at it is that it's a pretty stationary object and that when inflation runs above that level, for sure, substantially above for some time, you'll see it move up, but the movement will be fairly gradual. So I think that's what the principal models would tend to say. But I wouldn't want to land on any one assessment. There are many different.
As you know, many different people publish an assessment of underlying inflation. Thank you. Hi, Chair Powell. Thank you for taking our questions. Gina Smiley, New York Times. I wonder, do you see any evidence at this stage that inflation is or is at risk of becoming entrenched? Is inflation becoming entrenched?
I guess I would start by pointing to expectations. So if we saw longer term expectations moving up, that would be very troubling. And they were moving up a little bit in the middle part of this year, and they've moved now back down. That's one piece of data. Shorter term inflation expectations moved up between the last meeting and this meeting. And we don't think those are...
as indicative but they may be important in the wage setting process there's a school of thought that believes that so that's very concerning um i guess the other thing i would say is that the longer we have we're now 18 months into this episode of high inflation and um we don't have you know a you know clearly identified scientific way of understanding at what point uh inflation becomes entrenched and so
you know the the thing we need to do from a risk management standpoint is to use our tools forcefully but thoughtfully and get inflation under control get it down to two percent get it behind us that's what we really need to do and what we're strongly committed to doing
Hi, Chair Powell. Thank you for taking our questions. Rachel Siegel from The Washington Post. The statement points to the lag times. I'm wondering if you can walk us through how you judge those lag effects, what that timeline looks like over the coming months or even a year, and where you would expect it to show up in different parts of the economy.
The way I would think about that is it's, you know, it's a commonly for a long time thought that monetary policy works with long and variable legs and that it works first on financial conditions and then on economic activity and then perhaps later than that, even on inflation. So that's been the thinking for a long time. There was an old literature that made those legs out to be fairly long.
There's newer literature that says that they're shorter. And, you know, the truth is we don't have a lot of data of inflation this high in what is now the modern economy. One big difference now is that it used to be that you would raise the federal funds rate, financial conditions would react, and then that would affect economic activity and inflation. Now, financial conditions react well before in expectation of monetary policy. That's the way.
It has moved for a quarter of a century in the direction of financial conditions, then monetary policy, because the markets are thinking, what is the central bank going to do? And there are plenty of economists that also think that once financial conditions change, that the effects on the economy are actually faster than they would have been before. We don't know that. I guess the thing I would say is it's highly uncertain, highly uncertain.
from risk management state, but we do need it would be irresponsible not to to ignore them. But you want to consider them, but not not take them literally. So I think it's it's a very difficult place to be, but I would tend to be want to be in the middle, looking carefully at what's actually happening with the economy and trying to make good decisions from a risk management standpoint, remembering, of course, that, you know, if we were to over tighten, we could then use our tools strongly to support the economy. Whereas if we
If we don't get inflation under control because we don't tighten enough, now we're in a situation where inflation will become entrenched and the costs, the employment costs in particular, will be much higher potentially. So from a risk management standpoint, we want to be sure that we don't make the mistake of either failing to tighten enough or loosening policy too soon.
And if I could follow up, should we interpret the addition to the statement to mean that more weight is put into those lag effects than they would have been after previous rate hikes? So I think as we move now into restrictive territory, as we make these ongoing rate hikes and policy becomes more restrictive, it'll be appropriate now to be thinking more about lag. Of course, we think about the lags are just sort of a basic part of monetary policy, but we will be thinking about them.
But we won't be, you know, I think we'll be considering them because it's appropriate to do so. Let me say this. It is very premature to be thinking about pausing. So people, when they hear lags, they think about a pause. It's very premature in my view to think about or be talking about pausing our rate hike. We have a ways to go. Our policy, we need ongoing rate hikes to get to.
to that level. Yeah, that's not a nice joke though. Which level was it? And we'll write down in September, sorry, in the December meeting, a new summary of economic projections, which updates that. I would expect us to continue to update the baseline with incoming data.
Thanks, Chair Powell and Neil Irwin with Axios. As you look around the economy, the clearest impact of your tightening so far has been on housing, maybe some venture-funded tech companies. It's been relatively narrow in terms of labor market, consumer demand, a lot of sectors. You don't see a ton of effect. Is the pathway and channels through which monetary policy works changing? Is it narrower than it used to be? And on housing in particular, are you at all worried that you're crimping housing supply in ways that might cause problems down the road?
I don't know that the channels through which policy works have changed that much. I would say a big channel is the labor market, and the labor market is very, very strong, very strong. And households, of course, have strong balance sheets. So we go into this with a strong labor market and excess demand in the labor market, as you can see through many different things, and also with households who have strong spending power built up.
It may take time. It may take resolve. It may take patience. It's likely to get inflation down. I think you see from our forecasts and others that it will take some time for inflation to come down. It'll take time, we think. Sorry, was I getting to your question there?
So housing, the housing part of it. Yeah. So, you know, we look at housing. Of course, housing is significantly affected by these higher rates, which are really back where they were before the global financial crisis. They're not historically high, but they're much higher than they've been. And you're seeing housing activity decline. You're seeing housing prices growing at a faster rate and in some parts of the country declining.
You know, I would say housing, the housing market was very overheated for the couple of years after the pandemic as demand increased and rates were low. We all know the stories of how overheated the housing market was, prices going up, many, many bidders, no conditions, that kind of thing. So the housing market needs to get back into a balance between supply and demand. We're well aware of what's going on there.
You know, from a financial stability standpoint, we didn't see in this cycle the kinds of poor credit underwriting that we saw before the global financial crisis. Housing credit was very carefully, much more carefully managed by the lenders. So it's a very different situation and doesn't present potential financial, doesn't appear to present financial stability issues. But no, we do understand that that's really where a very big effect of our policies is.
Hi, Victoria Guida with Politico. I wanted to ask about the labor market. You mentioned early on again that job openings are very high compared to available workers. And I'm just curious to what extent you do and don't draw a signal from that. So, for example, if wage growth is slowing and if maybe the unemployment rate starts to take up.
Will that make you sort of decrease your focus on job openings? What do you see? Are wages what's really important? How are you thinking about the labor market as it relates to inflation? So we talk a lot about vacancies and the vacancy to unemployed rate, but it's just one. It's just another data series. It's been unusually important in this cycle because it's been so out of line, but so has quits, so have wages. So we look at a very wide range of data on the labor market.
You know, I'd start with unemployment, which is typically the single statistic you would look to is at a 50 year low, three and a half percent. We're getting really nothing in labor supply now. We had, I think, very small increase this year, which we had really thought we thought we would get that back. Most analysts thought we would get some labor supply coming in. You mentioned wages. So I guess I would characterize that as sort of a mixed picture. It's true with average hourly earnings you see. So I would call it a flattening out at a level that's.
well above the level that would be consistent over time with 2% inflation, assuming a reasonable productivity. With the ECI reading this week, again, a mixed picture. The headline number was a disappointment. Let's just say it was high. It didn't show a decline. There's some rays of light inside that. If you look at private sector workers, that did come down. The compensation did come down. But overall, though,
The broader picture is of an overheated labor market where demand substantially exceeds supply. Job creation still exceeds, you know, the sort of the level that would hold the market where it is. So that's the picture. Do we see, you know, we keep looking for signs that sort of the beginning of a gradual softening is happening. You know, maybe that's there, but it's not.
It's not obvious to me because wages aren't coming down. They're just moving sideways at an elevated level, both ECI and hourly earnings. We would love to see vacancies coming down, quits coming down. They are coming down. Vacancies are below their all-time high, but not by as much as we thought. The data series is volatile. We never take any one reading. We always look at two or three. So it's a mixed picture.
I don't see the case for real softening just yet, but we look at, I guess, as I just showed you, we look at a very broad range of data on the labor market. So do you see wages as being a significant driver of inflation?
You know, I think wages have an effect on inflation and inflation has an effect on wages. I think that's always been the case. There's always a going back and forth. The question is, is that really elevated right now? I don't think so. I don't think wages are the principal story of why prices are going up. I don't think that. I also don't think that we see a wage price spiral. But again, it's not something you can, you know, once you see it.
you're in trouble. So we don't want to see it. We want wages to go up. We just want them to go up at a level that's sustainable and consistent with 2% inflation. And, you know, we think we can, we do think that given the, you know, given the data that we have, that this labor market can soften without having to soften as much as history would indicate through the unemployment channel. It can soften through job openings declining. We think there's room for that, but, you know, we won't know that. That'll be...
that'll be discovered empirically. Thank you so much. Kayla Tausche from CNBC. Earlier last month, the United Nations warned that there could be a global recession if central banks didn't change course. The new UK prime minister warned of a profound economic crisis there. And I'm wondering how the Fed is weighing international developments in light of a very strong economy here in the US that would seem to be bucking those trends.
So, of course, we keep close tabs on economic developments and also geopolitical developments that are relevant to the economy abroad. We're in very frequent contact with our foreign counterparts, both through the IMF meetings and the regular meetings with central banks that we have. And I have one this weekend with many, many central bankers. So we're in touch with all of that.
So I guess what it's, you know, it's clearly a time, a difficult time in the global economy. We're seeing, you know, we're seeing, you know, very high inflation in Europe, significantly because of high energy prices related to the war in Ukraine. And, you know, we're seeing China's having issues with the zero COVID policy and, you know, much slower growth than we're used to seeing. So we're seeing.
We see those difficulties. The strong dollar is a challenge for some countries. But we take all of that into account in our models. We think about the spillovers and that sort of thing. Here in the United States, we have a strong economy. And we have an economy where inflation is running at 5%. Core PCE inflation, which is a really good indicator of what's going on for us, the way we see it, is running at 5.1% on a 12-month basis.
similar to that on a three six and nine month basis so we know that we need to use our tools to get inflation under control the world's not going to be better off if we fail to do that we that's a task we need to do price stability stability in the united states is a good thing for the global economy over a long period of time price stability is the kind of thing that that pays dividends for our economy for decades hopefully even though it may be difficult to to get it back getting it back is something that
provides value to the people we serve for the long run. The Fed has acknowledged in the past that the tools that you have don't affect things like energy and food prices that stem from some of those conflicts overseas, and they're some of the biggest pain points for consumers. So as you pursue the current path that you've outlined, is there a risk that some of those prices simply don't come down?
So we don't directly affect, for the most part, food and energy prices, but the demand channel does affect them just at the margin. The thing about the United States is that we also have strong, in many other jurisdictions, the principal problem really is energy. In the United States, we also have a demand issue. We've got an imbalance between demand and supply, which you see in many parts of the economy. So our tools are well suited to work on that problem, and that's what we're doing.
You're right, though. The price of oil is set globally, and it's not something we can affect. I think by the actions that we take, though, we help keep longer-term inflation expectations anchored and keep the public believing in 2% inflation by the things that we do, even in times when energy is part of the story of why inflation is high.
Hi, Chair Powell, Janelle Marte with Bloomberg. So the Fed is facing two more ethics-related incidents with the revision of the financial statements from President Bostic and President Bullard speaking at a closed event. So some senators, like Elizabeth Warren, are saying that this is a sign of greater ethics problems at the Fed. Could you talk about what...
this does to the public's trust in the bank and what the Fed is doing to prevent this kind of behavior from becoming.
Sure. So you're right. The public's trust is really the Fed's and any central bank's most important asset. And anytime one of us, one of the policymakers violates or falls short of those rules, we do risk undermining that trust. And we take that very seriously. We do. So at the beginning of our meeting yesterday, actually, we had a committee discussion of the full committee on the importance of holding ourselves individually and collectively accountable for knowing and following.
the high standard that's set out in our existing rules with respect to both personal investment activities and external communications. And we've taken a number of steps and I would just say we do understand how important those issues are. I would say that our new investment program that we have is up now and running and actually it was through that that
The problems with President Bostic's disclosures were discovered when he filed his new disclosures. We now have a central group here at the Board of Governors that looks into disclosures and follows them and approves people's disclosures and also all of their trades. Any trade anyone has to make who's covered has to be pre-approved. And there's a lag. It has to be pre-approved 45 days before it happens. So there's no ability to game market. So it's a really good system. It worked here.
And we I think we all said to each other today, yesterday, actually yesterday morning, we recommitted to each other and to this institution to hold ourselves to the highest standards and avoid these problems. Do you have an update on the investigations that are pending? I don't. So, you know, as you know, I I referred the matter concerning President Bostic to the inspector general. And once that happens.
I don't discuss it with the inspector general or with anybody. It's just the inspector general has the ability to do investigations. We don't really have that. So that's what he's doing.
Michael McKee from Bloomberg Television and Radio. Earlier this year, you touted the three-month bill yield out to 18 months as the yield curve with 100% explanatory power. And you said, quote, if it's inverted, that means the Fed's going to cut, which means the economy is weak. That curve is only two basis points. Casper, I'm weak on English so I can understand what shape I will say. Is it bellish or bellish?
well uh so we do monitor the near-term uh forward spread you're right and it's uh that's been our preferred measure we think it you know just empirically it dominates the the ones that people tend to look at which is twos tens and things like that so it's not inverted um and also you have to look at why things you know why the why the uh the rate curve is
is doing what it's doing it can be doing that because it affects it expects cuts or because it expects inflation to come down in this case if you're in a situation where the markets are pricing in significant declines in inflation that's going to affect the forward curve so yes we monitor it you're right um and uh
That's what I would say. If I could follow up. You also said several meetings ago that the risk of doing too little outweighed the risk of doing too much. Is what you're trying to tell us today is that risk assessment has changed a little bit?
Well, what's happened is time has passed and we've raised interest rates by 375 basis points. I would not change a word in that statement, though. I think until we get inflation down, you'll be hearing that from me. Again, if we over-tighten and we don't want to, you know, we want to get this exactly right. But if we over-tighten, then we have the ability with our tools, which are powerful, as we showed at the beginning of the pandemic episode.
we can support economic activity strongly if that happens if that's necessary on the other hand if you if you make the mistake in the other direction and you let this drag on then it's a year or two down the road and you're realizing inflation behaving the way it can you're realizing you didn't actually get it you have to go back in by then the risk really is that it has become entrenched in people's thinking and and you know the record is that the employment costs that the cost to the people that we don't want to hurt
you know uh they go up with the passage of time that's that's really how i look at it so um that that isn't going to change what has changed though you're right we're farther along now and i think as as we're farther along we're now focused on on that uh you know what's what's the place what's the level we need to get to to rates and you know i don't know what we'll do when we get there by the way we you know it doesn't we'll have to see there's been no decision or discussion around exactly what
what steps we would take at that point but the first thing is to is to find your way there
Thank you. Chris Rugeber at Associated Press. Just to go back to housing for a minute, you mentioned the impact that rate increases have had on housing. Home sales are down 25% in the past year and so forth. But none of this is really showing up, as you know, in the government's inflation measures. And as we go forward, private real-time data is clearly showing these hits to housing. Are you going to need to...
put greater weight on that in order to ascertain things like whether there's overtightening going on or will you still focus as much on the more lagging government indicators.
This is an interesting subject. So I start by saying, I guess, that the measure that's in the CPI and the PCE, it captures rents for all tenants, not just new leases. And that makes sense, actually, because for that reason, conceptually, that's sort of the right target for monetary policy. And the same thing is true for owner's equivalent rent, which comes off of it.
It's a reweighting of tenant rents. The private measures are, of course, good at picking up the, you know, at the margin, the new leases. And, you know, they tell you a couple of things. One thing is once you, so I think right now, if you look at the pattern of that series of the new leases, it was, it's very pro cyclical. So rents went up much more than the CPI and PCE rents did. And now they're coming down faster. So what, but what's your.
The implication is that we there are still as people as as as non new leases roll over and become and expire. Right. You still they're still in the pipeline. There's still some significant rate increases coming. OK, but at some point, once you get through that, the new leases are going to tell you that what they're telling you is there will come a point at which.
at which rent inflation will start to come down. But that point is well out from where we are now. So we're well aware of that, of course, and we look at it. But I would say that in terms of the right way to think about inflation really is to look at the measure that we do look at, but considering that we also know that at some point you'll see rents coming down. Great. And just a quick follow-up.
It looks like stock and bond markets are reacting positively to your announcement so far. Is that something you wanted to see? Is that a problem or how that might affect your... He's in calls for sure. So, Jay, are we going to pump? You know, we're not targeting any one or two particular things. You know, our message should be... What I'm trying to do is make sure that our message is clear, which is that we think we have a ways to go. We have some ground to cover with interest rates.
before we get to that level of interest rates that we think is sufficiently restrictive. And putting that in the statement and identifying that as a goal is an important step. And that's meant to put that question really as the important one now going forward. I've also said that we think that the level of rates that we estimated in September, the incoming data suggests that that's actually going to be higher. And that's been the pattern.
I mean, I would have little confidence that the forecast, if we made a forecast today, if we were doing an SEP today, you know, the pattern has been that one after another, they go up and, you know, that'll end when it ends. But there's no sense that, you know, that inflation is coming down. It just, if you look at the, I have a table of the last 12 months of 12-month readings, and there's really no pattern there. We're exactly where we were a year ago. So, okay. So,
I would also say it's premature to discuss pausing. And it's not something that we're thinking about. That's really not a conversation to be had now. We have a ways to go. And the last thing I'll say is that I would want people to understand our commitment to getting this done and to not making the mistake of not doing enough or the mistake of withdrawing our strong policy.
doing that too soon. So I control those messages and that's my job. Edward Lawrence with Fox Business. Thank you, Fed Chairman. So how big of a headwind is all the fiscal spending to what the Federal Reserve is trying to do to get inflation back to the 2% target?
You know, in theory, it was a headwind this year. But I do think the broader context is that you have households that have these significant amounts of savings and can keep spending. So I think those two things do tend to wage to sort of balance each other out. It appears consumer spending is still positive. It's at pretty modest growth levels. It's not shrinking.
banks that deal with retail customers. And many retailers will tell you that the consumers are still buying and they're still, you know, they're fine. So I don't know how big the fiscal headwinds are. And they haven't shown up in the way that we thought they would in restraining spending. So it must have to do with the savings that people have.
What about the spending? There's tens of billions yet to be spent. I mean, from the Inflation Reduction Act, the American Rescue Plan, CHIPS Act, Bipartisan Infrastructure Bill. How does that play into your thinking about the future? You know, demand is going to have some support from those savings and also from the strong demand that's still in the labor market. We still see pretty significant demand and a tightening labor market in some respects, although I think overall I would say it's.
not really tightening or loosening. So we see those things. And what those things tell us is that, you know, our job is going to require some resolve and some patience over time. We're going to have to stick with this. And, you know, that's just, we take all that as a given, but we know what our objective is and we know what our tools can do. And that's how we think about it.
Hi, Chair Powell, Nancy Marshall-Genzer from Marketplace. I'm wondering, has the window for a soft landing narrowed? Do you still think it's possible?
Has it narrowed? Yes. Is it still possible? Yes. I think we've always said it was going to be difficult, but I think to the extent rates have to go higher and stay higher for longer, it becomes harder to see the path. It's narrowed. I would say the path is narrowed over the course of the last year, really. Hard to say. Hard to say. You know, again, I would say that
sort of array of data in the labor market is highly unusual. And to many economists, there is a path to, ordinarily there's a relationship to GEP going down and vacancies declining, translating into unemployment, or there's Okun's law. So all those things are relationships that are in the data and they're very real.
It is a little bit different this time, though, because you have this tremendously high level of vacancies. And we think on a very steep part of the beverage curve, all I would say is that the job losses may turn out to be less than would be indicated by those traditional measures because job openings are so elevated and because the labor market is so strong. Again, that's going to be something we discover empirically.
No one knows whether there's going to be a recession or not. And if so, how bad that recession would be. And, you know, our job is to restore price stability so that we can have a strong labor market that benefits all over time. And that's what we're going to do. Just real quickly, why do you feel like the window has narrowed?
Because we haven't seen inflation coming down. The implication of inflation not coming down. And what we would expect by now to have seen is that really as the supply side problems had resolved themselves, we would have expected goods inflation to come down by now, long since by now.
And it really hasn't, although it's actually it has come down, but it's not to the extent we had hoped. At the same time, now you see services inflation, core services inflation moving up. And I just think that the inflation picture has become more and more challenging over the course of this year without question. That means that we have to have policy be more restrictive and that narrows the path to a soft landing, I would say. Thanks very much. Could have been better, could have been worse.
I don't like that narrowed window, that lingo. Yeah, he said the window has narrowed for a soft landing. I noticed that too. Very good. I was trying to draw stuff while it was happening. So we came right up to this. Even when we're moving at these, during this volatile time, you can see that we can kind of array liquidity, order block, we move the imbalance order block.
break structure at a premium so now we come down come back up to a premium get that full fill that was the first area i saw that was internal liquidity that really the only clear area except these highs but these don't really like in my opinion there wasn't much above them like an imbalance um now it looks like we want to come back down for the lows
Fucking one's fucking holding up nicely so far Sorry, I didn't know I wasn't muted. Oh, you're good. You're good. It wasn't even loud anything that you did
Yeah, I was trying to draw. This is too perfect to not get taken, in my opinion. At least this. We'll see, though. It's actually really interesting. We're only down two points from the opening candle today. Really? We really haven't moved that much. Maybe three. Yeah, three points from the opening candle. We're only down $3. From what time?
uh 6 30 from from just mark it open oh okay okay yeah you're right actually it opened at wait no i'm fucking wait hold on come on i'm much harder as fuck i was in the 15 math i was in a one minute yeah we opened at 383 90 roughly and now spy itself yeah yeah okay yeah okay so it's like it's only three it's only three points now that's not that much yeah
Yeah, yes is down a lot more in terms of like tens It's not like fucking 50 points
I mean for a yes is down 50 you said yeah That's still not terrible for an FOMC day. No, no, I mean I'm still I don't know like I'm gonna wait But I mean this definitely does not look bullish in any form as far as this right here goes. I will say that And then if we look here the way we moved above this weekly open Not looking too hot. I'm not gonna lie free the OT and then we do the
bodies before that happened, it failed OTE. That could have been the high of the week on Tuesday. I think I put something about that. I wanted us to go up more, but I don't know if we will or not this week, to be quite honest. After that speech, he didn't really say anything. That was too good because we can't. We formed this range. These highs, or this high, I should say, this range right here in the OTE of the weekly impulse move.
AMD under $60. Did they have earnings already? Yeah. How'd they go? Bad. Yeah. They weren't that good. It was not that good, but then didn't help with what happened just now. Yeah. AMD's only down like almost 50% in two months, three months. Bro, meta. Meta broke back to under.
$100 yesterday. Well, couldn't hold over $100. Now it's at $90. Almost at $90. It's at $91 right now. My perfect meta buy will be $20. Well, I will never be buying social media stuff. Only social stuff able to be buying is Google.
Yeah, so I just put this out too on Twitter. So just if we maintain this, which I think we will, I'll probably end up looking for sales the rest of the week. I'm going to see how we close today. But based off of this weekly range, because we came up, we took the high we made last Friday, made the high of the week. Like if we look at that weekly open, which is right here, we kind of did a swing right above it, took the high, and then now came back to OTE if we're using candle bodies.
um especially if you draw them like this because i guess this is really where it was the more i think about it it was down here so i went right into ote
massive expansion down. So to be honest, I think that we probably are going to go lower. I would say the next point, I mean, that could be the high of this range. I wanted us to really go higher. We'll see. But as stepping stones, I would say the next low we're going to go to is probably going to be a 37.57. I think that's definitely where we're going. Like the draw right now. We'll see how that plays out. We could even hit that sooner than later. But let's see what I want to do with one.
I gotta move this stops even on this bitch just because I'd rather not take L if I don't have to If it stops us out and it looks good, I'll probably still wait what the fuck I just realized I don't have a stream going this whole time. Sorry guys Sorry about that Yeah, I forgot that it did that after I closed YouTube. My bad. It's probably been like that forever. My bad guys It's probably been like that for like a while Yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and break even these alignment one missed stop loss
Yeah, usually I wouldn't move in that quick, but just after that speech, I'd rather just wait. And I won't even be mad if it takes the low and then makes another move. I'll try to catch it. I'll keep an eye on it for sure. But that weekly price action, let's go back to that note.
What was I doing on NQ? What was I just on? That was YM or no. Was I just on ES? Yeah, ES, that's what it was on. This right here, like that. So what I was saying is we took that high. Look at the weekly open. And this is in the weekly candle formation class. I know a lot of you guys were there, but for those who weren't, nice move into Tuesday. We know that we can put the high of the weekend on Tuesday or Wednesday. A lot of times, the main thing that I'm looking at here is this break.
And then that OTE of the range or of the, I'm sorry, I drew it down here, of the whole range we've made since that Tuesday high. So right in the optimal trade entry, filled it almost to a penny. Let's see what the levels were, just out of curiosity. So 3907.25, one of the 3907. So one handle or tick off, one tick off from full fill of OTE, sell side of liquidity below. And then if we're looking at the daily chart,
The last most recent impulse move, which in my opinion is this, all this right here. I mean, we have a volume imbalance that's been filled, but then this low right here is really what I'm seeing as the main next target, if not the main low.
Because this kind of reaction is really bearish. So I'll probably end up switching. Depending on how today closed out and most likely how it looks like it's going to close out, I'm probably going to switch to a sell bias for the rest of the week. So may have been incorrect on my bias on Monday. But either way, as long as we turn it around, it's not like we really got hurt off of it at all. So it doesn't really matter.
Still I didn't want to see upside. We'll see. I'm not gonna switch it just yet. Like I said, I want to see how we close and how we react under these lows and in this Discount of this range. Also, I just saw help with EU
Okay, I hit our target. There you go. Well, I was drawing it out as we were watching. I didn't know if you noticed, but I was telling, I was up in this area right here where I was targeting these lows and the sell side liquidity. This is classic search and destroy price action right here. Where you come and take the high and have that, you know, you'd think that, you know, you would react in the imbalance, but you don't. You come and stop out all the shorts, also take out all these stops, and then daily order block that we'd only tapped into once.
So if we look, we talked to this daily order book for the day. That's why I put this target here too. I was hoping people would catch that. When we were charting, I put the target right there for a second. But just to tell you guys, I think that's what it was drawing towards. But it looks bearish. But I mean, we are in this daily order block here.
But when we talk about this range, the massive impulse swing we have, we have now taken every bit of liquidity in a premium. So if we start to reverse here, yeah, you have these relatively equal highs, but I mean, to be quite honest,
This definitely could be moving down to the low lows down here. So we'll see. Also, let's keep an eye on DXY. It's in this daily order block. So again, I just want to see how we react with these. But I mean, just this kind of price action, I mean, that's not bullish at all for equities.
And the fact that he basically, the gist of what he said, for those who don't understand, was they don't see any time or any reason to slow down raising interest rates. And interest rates are the number one driving factor of markets. If interest rates are being raised, that means we are in a risk off financial and economic state and the markets will decline. So he's basically saying there is no shot that he is looking at letting his foot off the gas on fucking the markets anytime soon.
And he's very, very clear about that. So good old corn is going down, down. Yeah, it's going for these lows. NQ is even weaker. NQ had a divergence here. It's kind of odd, to be honest. The high of the week still was after the week. This isn't the weekly open. It's right here.
What is an inducement an inducement is whenever let's say if you have a Some kind of point of interest here and you have you know, whatever reason you went along and let's say the market does this number and Kind of runs away from your entry. So, you know that would be theoretically inducing people to get into trade So they place their stop-loss here and then the market comes down
the market comes down and attacks those stop losses and gives you that good entry into your POI. So anytime you have a level of liquidity front running your imbalance or front running an order block or any kind of POI that you would look to frame a trade around, that is inducement. It's inducing people to get long before they should. Holy shit, the Nasdaq is fucking dumping. Everything is.
Expect more. My AMD runners are fucking up. It's crazy. I mean, like, the Dow doesn't even look, I mean, it looks obviously bad, but the Dow, as far as the one hour, I mean, it's just now barely in a discount. It's crazy. The Dow is basically where we're at before the major dump, what happened. AMD's at $59 now. I never really do TA on AMD. Let's see.
I mean, it doesn't look terrible on a weekly as far as to the daily. The daily doesn't really look good. It would need more of a gap here. It's kind of just moseying on up into this massive opening gap there last Thursday and Friday. The monthly could definitely come down, though. That's 59 gone now. It's 58. In between 59 and 58. This is actually a really clean price action, though, on AMD.
Like intraday, I like this. Right there, it's a fucking clean ass trade. Every time I don't trade at FOMC or anything, I watch it and I'm just like, I usually get it right. But so it's just still like, still just not responsible. They said, so it's liquidity above or below a POI? Yes, that's what an inducement is.
My fucking Windows, like the computer, is telling me the DAO is down 1.2%, like in my taskbar. It's on my other screen so you guys can't see it. I'm hype as fuck. I got my 49-inch monitor. It was here when I got back. 49-inch monitor? Yeah, have you seen those? Goddamn, no. Look at this shit. They're so fucking clean.
It's so viral. It took me a minute to process that. Look at these bitches. That's as big as my TV. But it's just wide, though. It's not, like, big. Yeah, it is wide. This one right here. Where are you posting? Are you posting in, uh... Oh, I just have it on stream. Oh, you have it on stream? Is it on Discord stream? Can you guys see this? I know YouTube. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I can see it.
Holy well, yeah, I think I prefer multiple modern than a one wide water, but that's cool as fuck I have two 32s right now Which the 32s are big as fuck to be honest, but I don't know I just like the look of it like it's so cool. Yeah What I'm thinking about doing is getting like a mount to put one over top of this we get another one and have like two
He was like one above it and then one... 240. 240, 9-inch. You're trying to have the fucking actual lab. Yeah, but I mean, that'd be fire because you could split them into four screens. But the thing about when you do sales like that, just remember, it's going to be hot as fuck because those monitors produce a lot of heat.
Yeah, you're probably right on it. So I didn't even I think about that my computer and stuff a lot But I didn't think about the two monitors. I'm not even like eating up the computer But just like it's gonna make the foot game. It's gonna be hot in there. Yeah Trying to think if I can see um frigate AC blasting in there I can keep you like a picture where I could just get like four of them and just make them like a ring around my head. I'm just kidding You push a button and they drop down like around your head
Some Star Trek shit. J-PAL's on a hologram over in the corner. Like this right here. This is what I want, but 249 inches. Okay, yeah. It'll be fire because you could put like, you know, you could have DXY in one chart. You have one chart for like ES or NQ or both of them and then have like the DAO on another chart.
That would be so clean because there's a lot of times I don't hit the SMT Divergence intraday because I personally don't like watching. I usually have Discord up on one thing, but I don't like doing the split screen. I don't know why. It's stupid. I don't like it. I don't know why. You can't see the left as much. You really can't, bro. You really fucking can't, and I don't like it. Oh, look at one. I'm glad we said that. It was right there.
And it could stop on us. Who knows? Like, again, with DXY, I mean, it's in this place. I tweeted this morning I wanted to hit this order box. So, I mean, it's not like, you know, overall crazy fucking. But like I was saying, until we get a big push above this that holds, like with fair value gaps, I mean, I wouldn't look at the shift off this weekly just because my rule set. I mean, you know, I think it's likely that if we take the high there, but we're at where we would have.
any any hope of bull bulldom being a bull you want to see like maybe one or two more liquid rates here and then displacement down but way too early to call that yet watch the market just rail after us
Shit, guys. I'm honestly about to hop off here. Now we talked about the monitor. I want to get it hooked up. So we'll be on tomorrow at noon, the usual time. And then Friday at noon as well. And then we'll have the private class in play, but only on the weekend. If you guys want, you can get a free trial. The link is in the description. Use my code to get the free trial and a discount should you decide to stay.
It'll be a five-day trial. So you'll be able to get the class on Saturday and see kind of what we're about. And also you can get access to the other classes while you're in here. But until tomorrow, I will see you guys later. I probably won't trade the rest of the day here. I'll just be watching in the corner of my eye. But yeah, I'll see you guys later. Peace. I'll see you Hunter and Scorpion. Later. It was nice having you in the crypto vibe realm. I'll see y'all. Peace.
