What's up, Silent? What's up, Scarbs? I'm interested to see how we play out here. I think Bitcoin might end up wanting to go more up to this hourly supply up here. Could be valid for sure. Yeah. We've been showing... Also, it doesn't seem like there's too many bids. I'll have to move this. I've been playing around with this. What is it?
The very volume profile, but you can use it as like an actual tool and you can make it a fixed range Because really the whole the volume profile on the side of the thing. I mean, it makes no fucking sense It's literally just the whole everything you have Which is just not in my opinion, it doesn't make sense But this is a little bit easier to read because you can put it for the current trading ranger and without having to make sure it's the only thing on your screen
usually whenever from from what i've seen and i'm still studying it but um you want to you'll see price move to um the areas where it's out of value so is what this is called to mitigate but that doesn't also mean they'll reverse there but you just use it in confluence for like targets and stuff like for instance like um where was it i did on a different range earlier and it was like super clean i think before if i did it here let me pull this oops
There's the range of it. If I pull this over, I want to say over here maybe? No. There's somewhere I pulled it where it lined up pretty good. But like I said, I'm still messing with it. Oh, there goes the Bitcoin shorts. Oh well. Yeah, I think Bitcoin will end up going for probably closer to up here in this zone. Let me go ahead and notify.
But yeah, I think we'll end up going back up into this supply up here. I'll probably sit on my hands until then. It's like 40,400-ish. Yeah, 40,400. That's where I'll be looking to re-enter. But I'll need more confirmation. I'm not going to set just limits up there. Sorry, I'm having to type this shit out.
all right there we go um but yeah it looks like bitcoin's gonna want you know another thing too if we follow this fractal here let me um let me get some of this deleted clean up the chart a little bit if we follow this fractal over here one thing i was noticing like it looks like we're kind of doing this same like arch move that we've been doing we found on the four hour back over here
We could be engineering more liquidity, but it's not the same as this over here because we cleared Lowe's with this just huge pump and dump. But here, if you notice...
We came up to the higher time frame supply. We didn't go all the way back up to the range. And when we did, price was, you know, I blasted right through it. So, I mean, there were probably shorts that were caught somewhere in here, but they weren't really swings. So at this point, it almost looks like...
Let's delete this. Bitcoin's going to want to return back up to at least this area. If we also draw a fib, I was going to just delete it on accident. That's going to be right around fair market value. So that'd lead to a higher probability trade anyways. We'll see how that goes. That's what it's looking like is what it wants. Stream on wait on the YouTube. Wow. I'm glad you guys told me. I forget to change it sometimes. There we go.
But yeah, I think that that's where we're going to be headed. I want to look at USDT dominance as well. See how this is looking. Looks like it's dropping. I mean, you can see it's literally the polar opposite of Bitcoin. And it's up at these highs. So we could see, I mean, judging by this, so this is March 14th was the last time I was at this level. So let's look at Bitcoin on March 15th.
This is right around when Bitcoin was starting to move to the upside. Who knows? We might see a pushback up. On the daily, I really don't see the best price structure. We've really been mitigating most of these levels. The only stuff I can see that's not mitigated are up here at the swing shorts that we entered quite a while ago.
around 45k. I mean, I could possibly see that, but at the same time, there's not really much of a reason to go up here, in my opinion. But we'll kind of just play it by ear, see how we do. If anything, the best shorts, if we end up making it up here, will be from this area, up around, what is it, 41k. But we play it one step at a time. We'll kind of see how we react to each level along the way.
It just seems like Bitcoin's been getting weaker and weaker. For instance, we have here, we did end up pumping back up to the four-hour order block, and that's where really nice shorts played out. That's from the daily range equilibrium, and so these will be very close to it as well.
But when we look at Bitcoin here, we had the same price action here. It was followed by a stop run, which gave some opportunity for some longs up to the overhead supply, which is just redistribution is all this was. But it looked like accumulation. It faked a lot of people out. So I'm almost expecting the same thing here, but no way really to tell until we reach these levels.
Left our longs in the dirt. I'll probably end up canceling those limits, to be honest. It's been usually with these kind of returns to any of these origins or whatever, you know, if it's a choke or choach, whatever you're going to fucking call it, you want it a little quicker than this. So I'll probably end up canceling these. What I'm going to do is wait till price returns to this level. I'll still use it as a POI, but we'll want to have low time frame reversal signs before we end up getting into any trades.
What's up, AOTR crypto? You get the happy coin picture? That's funny. It's just weird because Bitcoin, too, was showing signs of reversal here, but it just seems like there's so much liquidity above. Because if you look, we had...
this confirmation right here. But the thing is with a lot of these, you know, we had, you can, you can take a trade back down to like, for instance, if we would have taken full profits, that's the only thing I can reflect on that I would wish I would have done differently with Bitcoin. Cause even though we did take profits, it hit one-to-one. So at the end of the day, it's really, if it is a loss, it's a very small loss, but the potential money that could have been made, that's kind of where I look back at, I think. Hold on, I deleted the damn.
Take sure, but I'm pretty sure we entered right here off this drop and we could have targeted this order block. I think we entered right like this Something like that was like 31 39 173 or something Something like that We could have used a tighter stop and play another trade like that. So whenever we're in these ranges For instance on the the four hour if you use
We can use this right here would really have been the range. We were at a fair market value. So the shorts were valid, but they weren't necessarily the craziest high probability. And even with confirmation, we could have maybe taken more profits at that level. That's the only thing I can really reflect on and would have done differently. I also think with Tokyo Open, we were kind of in this. Let's go ahead and drop fib here.
We're in this price range right here. And when we're up high in premium, a lot of times what I've noticed is when we see a new market session open, liquidity will get ran. Regardless if it continues or not, that usually happens. That's another thing I've been trying to keep note of. My thoughts on PYR. I think somebody's asked me about this before. I have no idea what it actually is.
Oh, yeah. Well, you're in a point of interest here. So you can then swept up this fair value gap. You're in this daily POI. You haven't really got much sign of a confirmation yet, in my opinion. I wouldn't take longs just yet. What I'd be looking for is a change in market structure. So, for instance, you have a high made a new low. This new high made a new low.
So really until, let's see, actually, you know, I would say from this high, you could consider this down here a low and this right here a high. And then none of this is new lows. Like you can't really say that this is a low or this is a high because we are just range trading. No structure was broken. So once you can break above this high, because you've came out and cleared this liquidity, if this is what's happening, that you don't have confirmation, you'd look for price to come up outside.
this high up here maybe close a one-hour candle I'm not totally necessary and then you'd have an order block somewhere around here where you'd play a return to origin and then at that point you could target you know external highs right here the equal highs could be a nice setup but I don't see it just yet but you are in a daily demand zone so I mean I would if this is you know a coin you're bullish on you know I'd keep it on your watch list but I would also recommend
I don't know if this is like a shit coin or, or not, but, um, if it's, if this doesn't have like very sound fundamental value, I would not be buying much crypto right now. Um, in my opinion, until we get signs of a reversal, uh, if you have fundamental belief in it and you know, this coin is something you love and that's a totally another story. And at that point you could just, you know, dollar cost average into it.
Somebody said GRT. Yeah, we caught some pretty nice shorts on GRT yesterday. Seems like we came back down into this institutional candle over here. Oops, wrong. Way to draw that. And I like using the parallel channels for these because we can draw equilibrium. Bounce right off of equilibrium, which is good if you afford a case to return back up here. So I could see...
Let's see if anything got left behind any kind of supply. I mean really you could see It's already been kind of wicked into it, but
I mean, you could see a return up into this supply, honestly. Because, yeah, it's been wicked into it. But in all honesty, it wasn't wicked into before, or I'm sorry, after the change of character. So, we're back up here. Let me use the rewind real quick. So, say...
Once we have this change of character here, because you've got that closure under our low. And this is where I see a lot of people tripping up. Let me turn some of these indicators off so you guys can see better. There we go. So we come up. Here's your low at first. We have our new low after this high. So you have a low. You come up and you make a high.
And once you make another high, you're confirming this low. So people get caught up in this and everybody wants to just draw what looks like pivot points. But what's truly the highs and lows are once, you know, there's a propulsion level and there's an extreme. So for instance, you know, you had this was a high before and this propelled you up to a new high. Fell, this low propelled you up to a new high.
Same thing with when you're making lower highs and lower lows. The high is not confirmed until you make a new lower low, and the low is not confirmed until you make a new higher high. So this is where people mess up trying to use change of characters a lot is because they think that as soon as we make a lower low, like here, confirmation. Now, while if you took shorts there, you did eat, but it wasn't right. So what you're looking at is you have this right here, this kind of action.
And then you break above. This is required right here. This is where everybody wants to leave out. And then you come back down and break down. And how you would play that is you'd play the return to the origin and then move to the downside. But we can see with GRT yesterday, we didn't return all the way up to this order block. Although I think we could when we came back down into this one. And what you would do at this point is just wait for low time frame confirmation. So for instance.
It's the same thing. We're looking for a change of character on the lower time frame. We have a change of character, and then we're going to plot out our supply zones. We've got one right here.
We've got one right here. So we would have plotted these out. And oftentimes this will happen pretty quickly. So we'll say down here. So as soon as we got that closure, you'd be plotting out these demand zones. Price wicks back in. So we're going to wait on the five minute. And you know, you could just, there's two different.
levels oh yeah somebody said ape church somebody else was talking about that earlier i'm just be careful shorting ape i'm just just telling you i mean i'm not saying it won't work but um i'm not participating in that but um
I will go over here in a second. But for instance, you came up in this supply zone and now we're going to do what? We're going to wait for confirmation. Now really on this, I would have probably used a one minute. Let's just see how it looked on the five. And a lot of people hate on the one minute, but I mean, in all honesty, so you would have missed it here. So for instance, it's the same thing, the same structure we're looking for. So we have now we've reversed here.
You know, we've kind of started to make higher lows and higher highs. So we have higher high, higher low, higher high, low, high. And we break down here. And then what? We return to origin. It's the same setup. Same exact setup. Have that higher high where you swept this liquidity.
broke down and you return to origin that's order block right here and this is how you can refine your win rate um to get those high risk to reward trades we didn't even get this i think crazy of one we got one pretty nice but you can see the thing is i will say about crypto um like for instance with forex this really works like very very well but um
crypto is kind of like volatile there's a lot of different data feeds so i see a lot of these getting stopped out um the thing is though if you if you take them for instance if you take one of these um and it hits you can get stopped out of multiple if you're doing it correctly it's just part of the game um because a lot of people have this stupid conception that you have to like win all trades and most of the time i mean you want to win more trades than not but
um if you're taking 20 our trades 15 our trades a lot of those people that trade specifically like that they take all sorts of little losses but when they win they win really big for instance here you would have never even seen any drawdown this way i think we entered let's see where our entry was
It wasn't too bad. Basically, I had noticed because I came in and saw this right here. At that point, I'm going to go ahead and just get in because I'm looking at it and we have targets pretty far away. The risk to reward was definitely there. I'm not going to try to force myself to always get that absolute snipe. It's nice when they work out like that. For instance,
The first part of this Bitcoin trade earlier, that's how it worked out. It's the same exact setup, same exact thing. This is why it's odd, but it also goes to show that if you have liquidity up above, it is a little more risky whenever you're taking trades like this because when we have these massive moves, we leave a lot of liquidity in these candles. So I had noticed we had taken out a lot of this one. There was still quite a bit. I was looking at it like, okay, you know.
this wick we had tapped off of uh equilibrium so i was looking for more of a retracement but um whenever we're playing these lower probability setups i guess you could call them it's probably better to take profits sooner so that's one note that i'm making from this but at the end of the day it's not the end of the world where is the actual short position i have so many fucking uh that's right it was it was around this area we had a much wider stop
and longer profit targets, but in essence, so if we look at the 15-minute, it's the same setups, right? We're waiting for price to come into mitigation. So we'll be priced at what it came into mitigation. So we saw this right here. If you come to the five-minute, let's do a one-minute actually. Over here.
you had your same structure right our lows highs and so on all the way up to here low made a new high the same setup came down where are we going to play it from next the one minute that happened after that confirmation
You look on the five minute, we had the same structure in the five minute right here playing into this supply. So, and this is why I try to like teach people, don't always just look at stuff like, oh, order book, it's been tapped. It's not, it's just a supply zone. And you got to watch how price reacts to supply zones in order to get trade setups. But that's, there's different styles. Everybody has a different style. If you have a style that's profitable for you consistently.
don't change it and do whatever you want but this is what i found for me works better so we have uh price moves back up into the supply right now that we had that one minute order block because we're using those one minute change of characters that's how you're going to get some of the best entries people like joke and laugh on the one minute it's just because they don't know how to use it but um once we came up here we came back into this zone you have the
Oh, yeah, this is what it was right here. So the same setup. I mean, this is a great example of price being fractal low. I think this was actually the, where was it? Low, high, and then we broke down here. That's what it was. And then you look at the order block that sponsored this break. Why did somebody tag me in? What? Oh, Tomo got stopped out. Oh, well. Can't be mad at it.
That was the only trade that actually was just a total loss. I'd say after Rune and everything else, we're probably pretty asymmetrical on the day. Maybe a small gain. So here, once we had this... Shut the fuck up, Timmy. But we had a order block up here. This supply came up, mitigated right off of it.
So that's how you could get some of these setups. Like I said, we probably should have taken heavier profits than we did. But I love you too, Timmy. I'll see you in chat. But yeah, so either way, you can use these setups and get good RR. And that's really all that matters at the end of the day is if you have a trade that, you know, it doesn't matter about percent moves. It just matters about.
How well is the trade executed? That was the last one. I don't know. I guess I'll use Coinbase because I know there's the most data. Oops.
So here's the thing with Ape. Yeah, it might be having a choach, but it's going to be a risky play because there's no mitigation. You could look at it like, yes, we are above an old high, so there could be a point of interest, but it's not like that much data. You know what I mean? You're not really...
I don't know. Personally, I mean, I can see it for sure. Right here is your change of character. You see this low, high, low, new high. Cleared out the high. Cleared out the low. Look for this. But like I said, I wouldn't be participating in this personally just because Ape has got a lot going on right now.
Yeah, I don't know. I mean, it looks like it looks like a nice short, but I've kind of just been chilling on ape especially I think it's the 30th. There's a What is it?
There's some... I know they're either minting the land or something to do with people getting locked in, but you have to have a certain amount of apes so everybody's kind of... Or everybody's anticipating you'll have to have a certain amount of ape. I don't think there's been any announcements. Forgive me if I'm wrong. I don't want to say too much on it and mislead anyone, but I do know on the 30th there is a big announcement with the other side from Yuga Labs. I know that people are...
gonna probably be buying ape and i'm pretty sure in this process somebody said it that um let's just look it up i think i'm actually in the discord i'll just go on there but there was basically a um a reason for a lot of the tokens to be locked up general where is it that's just cancer i can't even look in this chat there's too much stuff going on yeah i mean it looks good but if i was ever to play it i'd wait for up here and still it's just kind of like
Because when you look at this, you always want to be making sure, too, that you're taking trades from an area premium. So, for instance, here in the current price range, we're not in premium. So I wouldn't really want to take anything where we're at. And people don't realize it does matter. Say if you move a good bit from wherever you're at.
or wherever you're looking at trading, like for instance, say you missed the trade, it was right here, you're down here, that's a huge difference. I have a lot of people ask like, oh, should I?
you know, should I, should I still, is this still good for entry? And it's like, I mean, I don't know. I mean, at the end of the day, if you size your position, right. You know, you can make it to where you lose the same amount of money if the stop loss hits, but do you really want to do that? Like, do you want to force it? Because if it's not a good trade, there's not enough risk to reward. Then it's like, what's the point? You know, that's what we're after here is, is risk to reward. Cause that's what, that's what determines if you really make money or not.
And the thing about playing only high-risk reward setups is you can very easily take a loss, or a couple losses, and still make great money overall. Because when you win, you're winning so much bigger than you're losing.
A lot of people, I feel like it takes them so long to understand that concept and how to really size your positions. Yeah, I mean, I see the shorts here, though. I will say that. Take something like, I mean, again, it's just so degenerate to try to short a. I'm also actually curious. I want to throw this volume profile on it and see. Let's do this.
It's like there's not really much. I mean, there's volume down here, but there's not a whole lot going on up here. This is really the value zone, so to speak, would be down here of this price swing. But as you can see from where you're at now, it's like, what kind of risk to order is that? Not great. And you'd probably be looking to take this maybe lower, but I mean, come to a fair market value with something like this, when really this could just be...
confirmed reaccumulation here like reaccumulation move up last preliminary supply then like back up to mitigate any liquidity below which you could say was right here really all this not all of it got tapped so it's just not really the greatest setup in my opinion and yeah the ape could take a shit on the 30th you're not wrong it could be a sell the news event i would not be surprised at all on that
It's like I'm interested to see what Bitcoin is doing I'm gonna be a big sad if we it just dumps
Now we're too far above supply. It's like at this high, you can have that initial liquidation run to shake out any early positions. But once we get above that high, usually I'm just kind of chilling. And I try to play only from mitigation. The next mitigation I see is literally, even on a 15 minute, is up here. All the way back up here at like $40,400.
So I mean you could say maybe this one hour up here that I could use all of it Honestly because we have that fair value gap ending there This is probably what I would chart overall So until price even comes into this zone I'm not even going to consider trying to take a short on it
Still holding GRT shorts as well. If they get stopped to break even, so be it. I will say Bitcoin is getting sold the fuck off though. This is where people get faked out because a lot of people would say this is a change of character right here.
And you could have played shorts here. And you can even, like, see people doing it. Like, this is people taking those trades. That's what that is. But this is kind of, you know, from here, when you look at it, you had a low, a high, a low, high, low, high, low, and then up here. So, really, you'd need under that. And a closure, not just, like, a wick.
You can, I don't know. That's up to you. I've seen people use it both ways, but I like using closures, in my opinion. Also, I see a couple of you guys are server muted. I'm going to unmute you in case you do want to talk. You might have to mute your mic. I might have to mute it back. You unmuted him, and I muted him right back. Right, I was going to say.
I'm out of the mute. Sorry, Skill. I personally like using...
It changes the character only near point of interest. Yeah, exactly. I agree. 100%. Because it's aggressive. Yeah. Any reversal trades, it's like you want to make sure they're as high probability as possible. And it's like you could say, I mean, I've seen some people consider the change of character above an old high and a potential reversal zone.
which I can see it, but I don't know. Personally, I like playing it in 15 minutes at the least mitigation in supplier demand. I don't know. I've just seen it.
because people they they learn that tactic and they just like run fucking wild with it when in reality you really yeah exactly and then they'll like fuck it up and be like this shit don't work and it kind of ruins a good strategy and once you have a bad habit like that it's not easy to shake but what i learned is when it when you're looking for a bull to bear um change those characters you always want to choose the closest low that sponsored that move that took out the high
in internal structure and same thing bear to bull you know you look for the internal structure change um that took out either the high or the low same thing like swing structure but with inter uh what's it going on internal structure so like if it's one move like those candles that i see there on your screen that are the two blue ones i'm guessing the next one's going to be a blue one too right like the current price action
Yeah, so I would use the low from where that order block is. I would use that low.
like right here uh that low of the blue candle and the high of the blue candle the candle yeah right there that low and that high and then i would use that as a change of character but if it was on a lower time frame yeah because it would be you know it'll be like right here i i usually count those as one move if i just see the price going up like that i would say this is one move i mean because it's really like on the 15 minute and that's why it's like
okay on the five minute there's different on the one minute there's gonna be different you know what i mean but um like for the way that i try to do it too is if i'm like say if i'm at a four hour poi like a four hour a daily poi i like an hour change of character if i'm at an hour i like a 15 minute change of character on a 15 minute i'll use a five or one minute and then even if you start like here we can go back up to the shorts we got in forever ago
This was a simply just a one minute one hour change of character So like when you look this we're in so you're in daily supply fuck daily supply Super Extended obviously in a premium. That's no question. No matter how you draw the fibs Then we come up to
Once we're in the supply, we can start to look for signs of reversal. We're obviously here. And this is another thing why, for instance, if people just short the base of the order block and the daily and use a stop loss, it's like, yeah, you can do that. And you probably wouldn't have got stopped out, but the risk-reward is just garbage. So it's better to use the lower time frame. So we come in here, have this low right here, high, low, high, and low.
And then, I think actually, let's look in the 15 minute to make it look a little easier. I wish the trading view was a little smarter and when you were backtesting and went in the 15 minute, it would just put you right there. That would be amazing. Once we came down, and this is when I was trying to do some different strategies. I was using the choch and then a breakup structure after it. This one actually, I was looking at this earlier. Maybe it wasn't the one hour.
We had, okay, so this is how, so we could draw it like this. I think this was actually drawn in the 15 minute originally. And you could look at it like the confirmation was the second break of structure. But one thing I've found is if you just use candle closes, it actually can be much better. So for instance, like right, I guess you would say we made a high and then a new low.
Because we pushed ourselves to the high. Really, the more and more you look at it, you had a choach right here. That was the absolute sniper entry. But that happened pretty quickly. These are oftentimes... You have to scale it at 15 minutes. Now I get to take a minute to get all the way back to Bitcoin. So you're unable to find this right here. Now I'll just use the whole candle. That would have been a snipe of a fucking entry. Absolute snipe.
But the way we did it was using the confirmation. And we also still got a great trade. In all honesty, I probably could have put the stop loss a little closer like this and got a high risk reward. But whenever I'm swinging something, I just with crypto, I've learned my lesson from trying to do that. And plus, we had a five to one here. So can't complain on it.
That's the same structure or the same strategy that was used to find a ton of these plays we've been taking.
like it's very it's it's simple but it's not simple it's like once you get it you get it and um you won't unsee it but until out of the three that's the most profitable one the one where it changes the character and then the break structure that's probably the most profitable one i've seen just because it it like
it gives you extra confirmation and then the risky ones are the charges but if you just use break a structure that one's pretty good too yeah like you mean like the second the confirmation yeah the confirmation yeah because i i don't consider it a break a structure unless i'm on like a higher time frame yeah because like to me the structure is a swing structure yeah exactly and even then like for instance like like in the four hour you want like a
four-hour candle closure too like if we want to get technical you know what i mean because like but i will say though i've seen a lot of crypto like for instance um if we go back to that wasn't bitcoin let's go back to like last um i don't know if it was bitcoin i think it might have been dot there was one coin i noticed it literally wicked and like didn't close but then it reacted just the same
I always change up my shit and I hate the way my old shit looks. I just want to avoid all this shit. For instance, you could have caught on the 4-hour. I would never try to play Choches on the 4-hour. I think you'll just get left behind. The 1-hour is good for swings. Use the 4-hour levels. For instance...
I'm just going to delete all this because it's too much. If we would have looked here, you had this. So we'll say this was your low. No, actually, this was a low, but I wouldn't consider that. Low, new high, new low, high, low. Yeah, this is where.
then this is where a lot of people got tripped up because Trying to play like okay. Well, it's gonna come up to this candle But you got to remember you're trying to look for institutional candles a lot of volume So if you have any of these like these candles right here I don't really ever play them as like a limit but always mark the entire thing like from wick to wick Because especially as a huge body like that usually it's not gonna even have this big of a wick but use that as a POI because
That's going to be, first of all, a ton of volume in it. I would have even probably just said this all as a demand zone. And this is why I try to tell people to grasp an understanding of what a... Damn, is Bitcoin really up? Wow, that's funny. You averaged up, that's why you're up. But this point of interest you could have used when we came over here.
and then you could have waited for a change of character on the one-hour point of interest, or just... I wouldn't have played limits here. You could have waited for like a 15-minute or 5-minute change of character, which you definitely got here. Let me zoom back out. I don't know if we can even go back that far. We can't. It's okay. Well, you would have had a change of character somewhere in here. I mean, you can almost see it, really. You made a high-low.
And then you could have just entered at this point. Because remember, you're using this as a confirmation to something you already have confirmation of.
So I also see a lot of people that they'll only play like they'll get an hour confirmation, 15 minute, five minute, then one minute, which is cool. But it's like you're going to miss a ton, a ton of fucking trades like that, which it's not bad to miss trades. But at the same time, you don't want to go like crazy with that mentality. Like it's great. Once you become good at trading, I firmly believe that.
um you'll take less trades than you used to does that mean you're not going to take a lot of trades no i mean if you're day trading you know there's going to be trades within the market each and every day that's just how it goes but um you also become a little more patient with them but don't get too picky because i know that i but when you're learning new strategies i encourage you to kind of like not even trade them until you back test them and just plot out stuff like
Anytime I'm trying to learn anything new, because at the end of the day, we're all learning new tweaks and new styles. And when you're doing that, you need to just plot out trades and just see how they go. Don't just YOLO it and just try a new strategy without testing it, making sure you're doing it correctly. Because everything in trading...
It's like it's always like riding a bike. You don't get it at all. And then once you get it, it's just like butter. It's so easy. What's Bitcoin doing now? Watch it just dump to where I wanted it to. I just don't really see. They just wanted premium. But I don't really see why, like where we're at now. Unless I guess you could say filling up this fair value gap. But we still have a ton more liquidity. The only way a new trade would even be valid is if you saw the same structure we saw over here.
We just need to break this right here. And then you'd play return up to that order block. Then you go to five minute for confirmation there or the one minute. It's the same. It's a blueprint. But like I said, I wouldn't probably even worry about it because we're not in that POI anymore. And we've broken highs from where we were. So let's say how long do you think smart money concepts will work on crypto? Well, you got to remember, it's not like really necessarily a.
like a person that you're you're trading off of it's more or less um algorithms like more i think it's like they say like 70 of trades are initiated by algorithms nowadays so who knows how much of that holds true i mean it would make sense to me i don't know why they wouldn't use algorithms but um
Yeah, I don't think that there's the market maker that's going to change. Who knows? I mean, I don't know. No one knows for sure. Somebody said...
Does it always have to be the last red green candle that sponsored the drop or seeing which volume is highest? It doesn't always have to be the last. Oftentimes it will be, but it doesn't have to be. Have you ever tried just using the last candle and not making your candles black?
Like just making everything the same candle and always just using the last candle. Yeah, you should try it next time. It works. It does work. That's the thing. Because it's just supply. So it works. I didn't believe it until I made my candles like all one color and I tested it on futures. I was like, get the fuck out of here. No, it definitely does work. It made my stop loss way smaller.
and for futures that was important it like saved me a lot of money no i agree for sure and like there's so many times that's one thing that i've learned is like um like especially if you're playing these low time frames like if if you have that order buck way up here and you're like oh it's not gonna hit it's not gonna hit it's gonna hit almost every fucking time like it may you might see a reaction off other candles whatever but
Like, for instance, here, I would even scale into the five-minute. You got this up here. This, to me, would be where I'd personally want to play, was this candle. Because, like you said, it's supply. It's where the supply actually was dumped. Oh, another thing, I really, I'm going to, you know, start working on it more and more, but I like using this fixed-range volume profile. I'll fuck with it. Let me do this, actually. There we go.
I really like it because you can kind of see where smart money, the value area is because using this indicator, like the actual indicator is so beyond redundant. In my opinion, it doesn't make sense why you'd ever use it because it's literally everything on your screen, which it makes no fucking sense in my opinion. But the sound you can't hear good. There's that. I don't have my VPN on it. Shouldn't be bad. Okay, cool. I can hear you just fine. I think it might be their internet. Cool.
Yeah. See, for instance, like I don't see any, like this is just normal. Like at the end of the day, like Bitcoin could dump like this. Oh, here you go. Demand also point of control. So Timmy, I know if you're in shorts, like that, honestly, if it were me, do what you want. If it were me, if you got lucky and it's back in profits, I would personally just cut and chill, but do as you wish.
One thing too, another strategy, actually, I haven't really looked at this since we broke out. So if we look at, let's just get rid of all this shit. So when you have these, so there's choches and there's flips. So for instance, we could just mark this whole thing as a supply.
Yeah, honestly, this would have been nice, but there wasn't really confirmation. I'm still kind of messing with these. I haven't really traded one yet, but the concept of it is basically when you react to supply. It's like when you come into supply and you have the initial reaction to it. I've been right here.
You wait for a break of structure and candle closure. And then you look at the order block, the last order block that sponsored a swing to the upside. And you could have said it was one of these. I could have seen how that would have happened, but really it was this one right here. You can see that would have been a pretty nice opportunity. And like I said, the next target would have already been hit all the way. So it would have been something like this.
That would have hit pretty nicely. Been a nice 5 to 1. And really, you probably could have, again, you could have came in here, went in the 5 minute, or the 1 minute, or the 1 minute for this. So you had high, low, high, low. Made a new high. You would have actually got left in the dirt. Trying to play this right here. Because this would have been the candle. But, you know. Actually, let's see. Nope. Yeah, you would have got left behind.
So that's why I wouldn't have wanted to play that kind of limit anyways. But it would have worked. Bitcoin is just so crazy. Look at this. For the last month, all these crazy arches, it's just massive pump and dump. Insanity. If you look here, we had this bounce right off equilibrium. Curious to see.
This time, how far did it go? It did go into premium a little bit. Let's see. It is getting sold off as soon as we come into that premium, but Bitcoin's being finicky. TA, I got you on mask. I honestly haven't ever messed with mask. Nice reaction to daily demand. This is actually pretty nice. Price has some alerts for this. You have...
This change of character here, that'd be a change because you have the high that sends you to a new low. Yeah, so at this point, I would probably plot up, so you'd put, really either of these are in range. Preferably, I'd play this down here. So with the volume, there's not really a ton of volume. You could say that this could be potential inducement right here. Some stop losses under that for sure.
What I would do is also set an alert here. I'm going to set an alert in both areas of the body. This is how I would just wait. I wouldn't really set any limits for it. It looks good, though, honestly.
Preferably would have been nice if you would have came back down sooner. And it looks almost like maybe the 15 minute was. Let's see. So this is another example with crypto. I swear the fucking 15 minute hits harder than the one hour sometimes. Because for instance here. You had your change of character your first one. It was found on the 15 minute was right here. If you just played this order block. It stops under the low. I mean you're up.
And I found the 15 minute gives the best entries. But you did get the one hour. I wouldn't ever just set limits off of it. Just set these alerts. You got a nice break of structure here in the four hour as well. Really change of character. I mean, this looks pretty good. But I would want it to retrace a little more. Take a look at sushi. I got you. Change of character. There you go.
it's not like seeing the reaction i'd want it to though to be on in all honesty then you had this right here it's not really reacting how i'd want it to um if i was in longs here i mean this is good structure here but it's kind of like it's definitely not seeing that impulsive reaction you you usually would want to see and the risk reward wasn't really just like the four hour
I don't know, I guess. One thing I will say, though, is whenever you have high time frame fair value gaps, like for instance on the one hour, the four hour, which would be a liquidity void in the one hour, I almost always look for this low to get swept, like the first low, almost every time. When you have this fair value gap here, guys will kind of come up, sweep it, and then you'll look for an opportunity to play to the top of the fair value gap.
Somewhere in there is where you'd look for price to return, but I don't think it's just ready yet. It doesn't look very strong. What's up? What's good, my brother? Not shit, not shit. What is this? Oh fuck. Was that a jail even? He said, oh fuck, it just bounced. I'm gonna go ahead and announce canceling those ETH limits. Wherever they are at. There we go.
you guys have any other coins i mean dude let me know because i'm gonna hop off here in a minute grt go back over now this alert and then wait two seconds near grt i'm gonna do those two and then i'm gonna hop off so um grt i'm gonna do this on a different chart just because i have this marked up ready so we have this
huge institutional candle right here. Seems like we reacted nicely to 50% of it. Yep, right there. So we got that reaction. So you're going to see it. You could consider this. I have other shit drawn on this chart. Let me redraw that candle. Saw a nice reaction within this POI. In a 15 minute, you got a change of character. I would have considered it here.
Personally, I wouldn't have played the... Actually, no. No, no. It would have been down here. Because really, this was your last... You made a new high right here that forced you down to this new low.
Yeah. Really didn't give you much of an entry, in all honesty. The way I would have played it, I wouldn't have taken any longs here. If anything, it would have been way down here. I mean, who knows? Price might return to this area. This is where I would have taken the longs. Obviously, Price did not go back down there. Opportunity was kind of missed. I wouldn't really play limits off this at this point. It's kind of the same reason I just canceled those ETH longs. It's the same setup, but it didn't really...
It didn't ever return within a timely manner. You want it to return within, you know, like 10, 15 candles or so. But we're now in this supply, two minute supply. Really, this is, you have to come all the way down here. The change of character on the 15 or the five. And the reason why, because a lot of people I know are probably sitting there like, oh, what about this low? You never made a new high. So this isn't a low.
There's no market structure has been formed. Here's your low, here's your high. Before that, here's your low, and here's your high. So that's kind of, at this point, it wouldn't necessarily be a short until you broke all the way down here. And then at that point, it probably wouldn't be the greatest risk to reward. If you're playing the one minute, maybe different, you'd look at it, you probably already caught some shorts on the one minute. Because if you were playing the one minute,
Here, you had that break structure, so you had there. So that's your choch. Get a target at 50% of this candle. Snipe. And you'd probably be looking at targeting an order block within here somewhere. It's probably been down here. You had to target a couple different lows at that point. Here. Here. I guess here would be your final target.
So I said near. Yeah, I guess general sum on GRT is until you get that, I wouldn't look for any kind of reversal. You could be coming up to this four hour candle or the one hour supply right here would not surprise me. Also, we're putting GRT on the daily. I'm going to say this would be a range.
I mean, at this point, you'd almost be targeting the fill of this fair value gap. You could also look at it like we could have a flip scenario here, like I was talking about earlier. Say price pushes above this high right here. That would break the initial reaction to mitigation, and you'd look for the propulsion block that pushed price above that level. So like, for instance, if price just went straight from here, you know.
flew all the way up to uh this um the through flew through this high you could play um this level or this level whichever one near was the other one let's see eth come back in 10 of 15 candles 10 of wait where was that did that go as a stream chat that was crypto chat um
Just 10 or 15 candles of wherever you found the choch. So like if I found a five minute, I'd want it in like 10 five minute candles. Found a 15 minute, want it in 10, 15 minute candles. Why my VPN on my iPad doesn't want to work? It's frustrating. I use my VPN while I'm, there we go. So near.
Didn't really seem like it wanted this demand. I mean, it wasn't really the greatest level in my opinion. I'm just going to redraw this. So here, low, high, low. Also, I'm going to do a volume profile on this. So you can see a lot of money entered the market right here around this order block. So you can see that might need to be mitigated. So I would lean towards...
Setting some potential limits there. Depending on... Not limits, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Do not set limits there. Setting some alarms for potential longs there. But again, with everything, you'd need much more confirmation. So we're finding it on a daily. It would be a good setup. Far and discount. Looks like you're not really leaving tons of liquidity up above.
It's cleaning up a lot of the stuff on the way down as well. So that's kind of like, uh, but, um, I would probably be chilling on near, uh, personally for now. I mean, you can always chart these, these demand zones though. I mean, you can always watch them. I mean, you're in demand now kind of broke down from it. And then you can, I guess you could say here's demand and you can, you can almost force it really, but I wouldn't really say that any of this is much interested. Uh, in my opinion, I would wait till it comes down here.
Somebody said gold, and I actually just want to look at it, and then I really am getting off curious. So you can see gold's not doing too. And also, you've got to remember, too, the dollar has fucking been flying lately. So that's going to fuck with a lot of stuff. And you have no reason to long here at all, in my opinion, yet. I mean, you're still just continuously making.
lower lows and highs. So until you shift, and maybe you will, maybe you won't, but until you shift this action, I would be chilling on this big time. I've been actually wanting to trade more Forex and metals and energy lately, but I don't know. I feel like with the macroeconomic factors at play right now, you can get fucked very easily playing some of this stuff.
Stay away from natural gas. Right. I've, like, watched that shit that's just, like, pointless, bro. Like, you just, you have to play news. Yeah. Like, it's anybody would go. It's just the moves are not in favor of any. It doesn't matter if you're a bank. Like, banks aren't even touching. You know, the other day they halted trading for certain commodities? Like TD Ameritrade. Really? It's halted. You can't open or close the position.
That's what it gave us the that's what gave me a hint. I'm like, oh shit, they're stopping this so they're thinking 2020 is gonna happen again and Sure enough, we pulled back 10% not too far after Yeah, just crazy
Like, I was going to play Korn, and then they were asking me for, I think it was like $35,000 collateral. I was like, what the fuck? You're like, hell no. Hell no. Like, one contract, $35,000. What the fuck? Bro. I would have came up, though. My boy closed his contract. He closed $30,000 for one contract. Jesus Christ. Yeah. I would, like...
Is it oil? I can't remember the fucking thing. My mind's completely blank. For oil, it's CL1. Yeah, right there. There's two of them. There's Brent oil, and then there's WTI. Because the U.S., we use sweet cream. And Europe and all the other countries, and China, they use sour cream. So we have two different things we use. Two different types of oil.
See, this is a great example. Bro, fucking made some tendons right here. Oh, my God, bro. Look at this. So, literally, bam. Yep. God. Talk about fucking racks.
You would have got paid. Paid. Paid is an understatement. Paid. If you go look up the Forex payers, so you don't have to pay that, if you look up the Forex payers, the lot size for oil is ridiculous. You would have literally been able. You're using daily demand. I would have probably went to a four hour.
strange oh my price target for oil is 150 bro ever since it got above like 80 80 80 90 bucks around there 90 bucks once it got above that and the oil started going up i was like oh dollar going up oil going up yeah done
Short everything. What the fuck? My cat just jumped on my goddamn desk. What the hell are you doing? Just don't short Facebook, because that thing is crazy. I saw that shit. I would not touch that. I was going to buy a couple puts on it, you know? Good thing I didn't. Right? What the fuck?
Yeah, you could have literally targeted like this next. We're using internal, so I'll just use the next external daily level. Yep. God damn, bro. It would have paid. The other one that would have paid is NG Natural Gas. I think it's UNG Natural Gas. Yeah.
Bro, you don't even know what happened in this chart. You don't even know what the hell's going on. I don't know. Fair value gaps everywhere. I just know that as soon as I heard that Russia is going to war or Ukraine, there goes natural gas. And then, you know, Poland gets 50% of their crude from Russia.
And then the European Union buys like 40% of their energy from Russia. Yeah, this looks big bull. Like the thing is, once you see this kind of shit and if there's not like huge, huge gaps, I mean, there's some here, like nothing crazy. Like it's going to take a lot for you to shift structure. Like this would have to dump immensely. Like you'd have to literally see this to even say, oh, we're in a bearish daily trend. It's just, it's not even, it's just full. It's going to keep on bro. It's going to keep on.
That one, and there was one more that we were looking at. It was just terrible. Oh, if you go type in VIX, V-I-X, I don't know where it's at now, but it was at like 30-something dollars yesterday. Hold on, I forgot to post the time I got stopped out. I got to see if you were saying something. All these different ones are just macroeconomic indicators to tell you that, hey, better watch out. Crash could happen.
Oh, fuck. I've done this before. I tagged the person's crypto diamond in Playbit instead of, like, crypto. I like to tag. I've heard, like, people talking about, like, hot bit and roll bit. Like, there's, like, all these, like, fucking new leverage things that are just rugging people. Yeah, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I appreciate you guys as always. Yeah, until next time, just DM me if you have any questions. Peace.
