If you struggle with figuring out whether the market is bullish or bearish, or you get stopped out in your trades, or you have trading psychology issues, well, the reason is just because you don't understand fair value gaps. And I get it.
Because whenever I first started trading ICT, I would spend so much time listening to ICT's videos. I can literally hear the clicks of his computer when you're watching his videos still to this day because I watch so many of them. And there's so many concepts. And then you go on to social media and watch videos from influencers and all this stuff to where the point, you just don't even understand what's going on. You're overwhelmed. So I remember one day whenever I had this awful trading day, I had been over trading, wasn't doing good. I was trying to trade multiple different strategies.
would happen is I would get frustrated. I would just go on a run. I would get really, you know, just out of it and I would have to go run. And I would always listen to audio books. And this one audio book, it wasn't even about trading. What I talked about was focus and just mastering one thing at a time and prioritizing the important stuff. And immediately I just had this aha moment where I realized that I was trying to do too much. I immediately stopped running because I knew that I had to get right in front of my desk. I ran home, started going to work, analyzing all my old trades and really asking myself what resonated, what
made sense. And the one thing that I could find was fair value gaps because fair value gaps are easy for anyone to spot. I think this is also why ICT switched from teaching order blocks and stuff in his old mentorship to teaching fair value gaps in his new mentorship. So I immediately just focused on fair value gaps and it was insane how fast trading became stress-free. I wasn't overwhelmed. I wasn't looking at a bunch of different levels in the chart. I wasn't looking at old price action, wondering which level we were going to reverse from and everything just kind of clicked. And the reason that I'm telling
this is because this is exactly where most of you guys are at. You're either starting ICT or you're struggling with ICT. And if you're in either of these positions, the best thing that you can do is just build some momentum. And the way you're going to do that is by simplifying your strategy and figuring out what actually works and eliminating all the noise. And that's exactly what we're going to do in this video. I'm going to show you how everything that you need from daily bias to entries to stop loss and everything in between can be done just using fair value gaps. And the reason I'm so excited to share this video with you is because this is the exact
strategy that I trade with day in and day out. So I know it works. This isn't just some hindsight cherry pick strategy like you see on most YouTube channels. This is exactly what I'm actually doing on a day to day. Now, the reason that fair value gaps are so powerful is because fair value gaps are simple.
And fair value gaps give you everything you need to know. You can use fair value gaps to find your daily bias. You can use fair value gaps to enter your trades, to place your stop losses, to take profits on your trades and everything in between. So if you can just focus on mastering one thing, mastering fair value gaps to the point where you understand them, everything becomes simple, stress-free, and you don't have to think so much about trading. And you could focus on actually taking action and taking trades. Because what happens to a lot of you guys is you're just sitting there in front of the screen, paralyzed because you're watching all of these levels. You're looking at-
blocks and fair value gaps and everything in between and the truth is none of that stuff really matters if you can just figure out fair value gaps so what we're going to do in this video is give you a clear and actionable strategy
Now, and that is another benefit of fair value gaps is they are clear and actionable. You're not sitting there asking yourself, is this a fair value gap? If you look at a fair value gap, you can easily mechanically define what it is and then how to use it. So today's video, I'm gonna teach you a clear and actionable strategy that you can use to find bias, that you can use to find trade entry and everything in between. You're gonna walk away from this video with a full step-by-step game plan of everything you need to become a profitable trader without all of the nonsense. One of the big benefits of ICT is it teaches you so much.
at this point you understand how to not be manipulated by the smart money and how to track the algorithm but is that actually good well i don't think it is because what it does is it teaches you all these different concepts to the point where you're paralyzed and you're overwhelmed and you overthink which is the absolute worst thing that a trader can do so in this video i'm going to show you how every single concept that you ever could use
comes back down to fair value gaps. Whether it's order blocks, whether it is a market structure shift, whether it's SMT divergence, literally anything can be visualized by using fair value gaps. And the absolute biggest benefit after you master the strategy and how this is going to translate into everything you do as a trader is that if you understand how to master one thing, you build focus.
Because once you become focused and once you understand exactly what you're looking for, when you come to your charts in the morning, you're not overthinking everything. You're not sitting there paralyzed with fear because you know exactly what you're looking for. And I know for myself, one of the biggest pivotal moments was simply just defining what I was looking for. And I know it sounds like.
Wow, shocker. But so many of you guys who are watching this, you don't really have a real strategy. You're looking for too many things. When you come to your desk, there is going to always be a trade. But there's a big difference between finding opportunities versus trades. Because an opportunity is something that's likely to make you money, that you can repeat, that you can do over and over and over again, which is easy to spot. But then if you look hard enough, there will always be...
a trade especially when you're trading ict where there's hundreds of different reasons why you could have caught the move or why the market's going to move in this direction but the key here is just longevity and focusing on mastering one thing that you can use day in and day out so let's hop right into it in this video what i'm going to teach you guys is a list of different ways that you can use fair value gaps different types of fair value gaps and how to implement them all together in an actual strategy but first off we need to talk about what a fair value gap actually is a fair value gap is a three candle formation
with an expansive middle candle that causes a gap between the wicks of candle one and two. Now, the reason why this is important and why fair value gaps are important is because they show displacement.
Now, if you guys have been following me for any amount of time, you know that this right here sums up pretty much how I trade. And this is also how we're going to tie in fair value gaps with every other concept that is important in ICT. Because it shows you where the market is reaching towards, where the further target is, aka a draw on liquidity. And again, you can use them for everything. Bias, entries, stop loss, whatever. Some fair value gaps, however, have a higher probability of continuing.
than others and we're going to break down how to figure out which fair value gaps will work and which won't so looking at this example right here this shows you what a fair value gap is so if this is candle number one and this is candle number two and then this up here is candle number three then we notice that there is a gap between the wicks of candle one and candle three and you have a very large middle candle which is candle two so that area between candle one and three that is the fair value gap there's also another one down here that is the same thing we have a wick
another wick with an expansive candle in the middle. But these fair value gaps are actually likely to fail. And let me show you why. But first, I want to show you something you need to understand so that you can determine which fair value gaps are going to fail and which will not fail. And that is going to be inverted fair value gaps. Now, the name pretty much explains this, but let's go ahead and hop into a quick example. So in short, an IFVG is the acronym for an inverted fair value gap. And all this means is that if we have a fair value gap, like you see here,
And then notice how this candle closes beyond it. That shouldn't happen if this fair value gap was likely to continue because if we get wicks into it and it moves away, that is when you have a good fair value gap. But whenever the market closes through it, that shows you that that fair value gap is going to fail. And then you're gonna look for the market to trade towards liquidity. Now, you could use this to enter trades. You could use this on a higher timeframe. If this happens, then you know the market is bullish and it's gonna trade into a higher point of liquidity. Here's another example.
the market inverts this fair value gap. And then as soon as this candle closes, let's say these are daily candles, you could just look for the market to trade higher. And this actually is a chart of the daily NASDAQ chart. And this is an example taken from the daily NASDAQ chart. So on this day, if as soon as that happened, you would have been bullish on this day. Now you can do this to find bias and it's very, very mechanical and easy. Now it's even more powerful if you take out liquidity and then invert a fair value gap.
And when I say take out liquidity, what I mean is, is if you have recently traded into a high or a low, and then you reverse and invert a fair value gap. Now, if that happens, then you immediately are going to have a bearish bias until proven otherwise. Now, what's even more powerful is if you create more fair value gaps when this happens. And as you can see, the market trades into it and then moves lower. So fair value gaps.
along with inverted fair value gaps, they tell you which way the market is moving. They tell you if the market is reaching towards a new target. The way that the market reacts to fair value gaps can tell you if the market is currently bullish or bearish. For example, if you're trading into a bullish fair value gap during the session, then what should happen? Well, the market should be bullish. And if it's not, then that can give you a signal that the market is going to move the opposite direction. And instead of waiting around or not taking a trade, you can become quick on your feet and understand when the market is shifting, understand when you are
wrong on your bias. And this is going to help you make a lot more money. Now, here is another example where we took out a high. So we traded through that high and then we had a fair value gap. And what happened? That fair value gap was inverted. And as soon as that happened, you're able to become bearish and you look for any kind of bearish entry sign to take this trade lower. You can also look for the market to put in a bearish market maker sell model, which I'll drop a video on how to find those down in the description.
As soon as you have this occurring, you know the market is shifting to the downside. So this gives you a blueprint of how you're going to be able to find bias. Just like fair value gaps moving to the upside, reaching towards a point of liquidity can give you a bias as well. If you look right here, there was also an inverted fair value gap.
that could have told you that we were moving to that high in the first place. I want you guys to go and backtest this on your chart. Because anything that you see in these videos, whether it's me or someone else, if you don't go and actually see it for yourself, then you're not going to have that rational confidence that's needed to trade consistently. So please make sure you take action, even if it's just for 15 minutes after this video, and just go backtest this on your chart. That way you get a feel for it and you believe in it. Now remember this example, and I told you that these fair value gaps were likely to fail. Have you thought about why? Because I've given...
a couple hints now if you haven't i'm about to reveal this to you and this is going to change the way that you look at fair value gaps forever we also talked about another word which was displacement and how i use it throughout everything i do as a trader the reason that i do this is because displacement can tell you whether the market is likely to continue or whether it's likely to reverse so anytime the market is going to create fair value gaps through a point of structure which is through a high or a low that is the market
telling you and showing you its hand that it's likely to continue so if we displace and create fair value gaps the market is likely to continue until proven otherwise now something else that's extremely valuable is if the market fails to create a fair value gap through a point of structure notice how there's no fair value gaps right here well then the market is likely to reverse and you don't necessarily need an inverted fair value gap so notice how whether or not fair value gaps are being created when you trade into highs
or lows that tells you everything you need in order to find bias now the key is that you make sure that these are high probability fair value gaps because as you can see if you know how to select the right fair value gaps they can help you with everything you need to know another reason why fair value gaps are important is that the market is always moving from a high to a fair value gap or vice versa so notice how the market will continuously we have a fair value gap the market moves into it and where does it go
into a low now the market creates fair value gaps in a new direction and fails to create fair value gaps through that low so we know the market's going up so once we take out a high with a fair value gap and we keep creating them every time the market comes into a fair value gap that gives us a target
of the next point of structure and you can see that this works very very consistently and this is something you can use to eliminate all of the noise and fluff from your trading and figure out everything you need to know because when it comes down to it trading is just about finding your bias your entry and your stop loss other than that it's just about being consistent and managing your risk all right so back to this example because again you have to use the right fair value gaps so now that you understand the foundations of why this is so important let's hop into how you're going to figure out which fair value gaps will work
and which fair value gaps won't. And neither of these were likely to work. So the first part of this two-step process of determining which fair value gaps will work and which ones won't is going to be called consistency theory. And this is something I definitely want you to backtest because as soon as I figured this out, it changed everything I was doing and made everything so much simpler. So consistency theory is based around the fact that fair value gaps need to be one-sided. Now, what does that mean? Well, if we take a look at these fair value gaps, I want you to...
to see if you notice anything specific about this fair value gap and notice a fair value gap is a three candle pattern remember we have this first one the second candle and then the third one so what is similar about all these candles they're all down candles so if the market is putting in three down candles with the fair value gap that means that the fair value gap is one-sided it's only moving in a bearish direction the market is delivering bearish price action so whenever you have a one-sided
clear control of the market, where sellers are clearly in control, then those fair value gaps are the highest probability. And it's really easy and mechanical to spot a fair value gap that's one-sided versus one that's two-sided. So here's one more example. We have a candle right here, candle two, candle three, and they're all down candles. Now here is another example. Notice how candle one right there, there's candle two right there, and candle three, they're all up candles right here, here, and here. And then notice this example.
We have another fair value gap that's created where they're all bullish.
So the market is delivering in a one-sided manner. When this happens, it tells you that these fair value gaps are high probability to work. Let's take a look at two-sided gaps. So if we look at this example, there is a down candle that starts both of these fair value gaps. What this shows in the market is indecision. Because if not all of the candles are reaching in the same direction, then the market has still not really decided whether it's truly going to be bearish or bullish. And these fair value gaps become traps.
most of your losses if you're trading fair value gaps. This is also where you get your daily bias wrong because you're looking at the wrong fair value gap. So once we understand when the market is lacking consistency, and this is where the name that I created was consistency theory, then the market hasn't really decided. Now, if we look right here, what happens? When the market comes into these fair value gaps, we know that we have a high probability to move to the downside. So as soon as you start inverting those, or even before then,
you're gonna be looking for downwards price action. While most traders are trying to buy in here, you're going to be on the right side of the market looking to take it down because you know all of these fair value gaps, they are likely to fail. Now that you understand consistency theory, let's hop into the second part of finding high probability fair value gaps. Now, part two.
is going to be using a certain type of fair value gap called structural gaps. Now structural gaps can be used whether or not to tell when the market's reversing or if it's going to continue. So I want you to take a look at this chart. Notice how we have this very large fair value gap and what does it do? Well, it interacted with structure and it formed a fair value gap through structure. We also have another one down here where the market came through this low and formed a fair value gap. Now we talked about earlier where the lack
of a fair value gap shows a reversal. So there's a lack of a fair value gap and we're gonna see a reversal and we did. Now, if the market displaces through and it forms a fair value gap through a structural point, then that fair value gap is very high probability. We can call it a break in structure gap. And the market broke structure here. As soon as the market trades into it, where does it go?
it goes down lower now if you're using this on a higher time frame this can give you bias or if you're using this on a lower time frame this can give you a trade entry or if you're trying to place your stop loss this can tell you exactly which fair value gaps should hold and this can help you increase your risk reward by not having to place your stop so far away and by just using fair value gaps even an old break in structure gap like we see here the market traded back into it and what happened
the market moved aggressively away from it same with down here we had a break in structure gap even though it's a very small short-term high it still works the same now again i want you guys to go and back test this on your chart i know i say it a lot but the big thing with me and why i make videos is because i make content for my younger self and i know one of the problems that i used to have was just sitting in front of my screen watching videos and trying to learn and telling myself i was being productive without going and actually seeing if i understood it and then and more importantly i wasn't really trading
enough i was trying to learn too much so i want you guys to take action right now write down a couple ways you're going to take action on this video and go ahead and subscribe to the channel because i post videos like this every single week but if nothing else i just want you guys to take action and start to build rational confidence by what i'm teaching you now here is another way that we can use structural gaps to help us find reversals so if the market inverts remember we talked to inverted fair value gaps if the market inverts a break in structure gap you're going to have a very expansive move
because that shouldn't happen if the market was bearish. But of course, nothing is 100%. One of the big things that helped me in trading was starting to learn how to capitalize when I was, you know, quote, wrong. When you're wrong on your bias, there's always another move. And a lot of people are paralyzed just sitting there not trading when this happens. So again, if you invert a break in structure gap, the market is going to make a very explosive move.
to the next point of structure. So you can use this for trade entries. You could use this to trail your stop. You could also use this to, you know, you could also use this for daily bias. So you see that fair value gaps tell you everything you need to know. You don't need to pay attention to a hundred different kinds of levels because it's just gonna leave you confused. Now, another really cool way to get super precise is by using inflection points. So inflection points is when you take a low or whatever structure was
taken by the fair value gap and you extend it out in time and then you see right here the market whipped into that inflection point and moved aggressively away so the same thing here we have this old low if you extend that line out as soon as the market came to that inflection point you're able to go on a lower time frame and understand the market is very likely to reverse and if you notice right here what else did we have happening we had a fair value gap get inverted right there i'll erase these because it's a little thick of a line but if you see right there there's a fair value gap and it got inverted
so as soon as that happens then you know the market is going to be bearish now another thing that you could have done is use the lack of a fair value gap through that high because then you know the market's likely to reverse and if we create a fair value gap away from that level away from an inflection point then it's a very high probability setup and the same thing right here if you take a look
What else did we have? We had a one-sided gap because we have down candles. Now, I want to be very clear. I'm not saying that no two-sided gap will ever work. And I'm not saying that every single one-sided gap will work. But when you pair these with structural gaps, with overall manipulation and displacement, and put this all together, that is how you unlock the markets. And that's how fair value gaps are everything that you need to know. But there is a little bit more. And this is going to be how you learn to spot breakaway gaps. And this is going to be using something called re-delivered and rebalanced products.
price ranges. Now, I know it sounds like it's really complicated, but let me break this down in a simple way that you can walk away from this and you're never going to second guess this again. So RDRB is what we can call that for short and breakaway gaps. So the reason this is important is that price has no reason to return to these levels if the bias is still bullish. Let's just say if an RDRB is created, like here's the level in price, the market should not trade back to it.
unless the market is truly reversing. So you could put a stop there. And if the market does retrace to this level, then you know that the market's gonna be bearish and you could trade that move. After that, we're gonna talk about how to actually use fair value gaps to become profitable. Let's take a look at this example. So you see right here, this right here, I've labeled as a breakaway gap or a bag.
for an acronym. Now, why did I mark that as a breakaway gap? Now, I want you to pay close attention because this is simple, but it's extremely powerful. And this is also going to correct a lot of the mistakes that you're using when you try to enter trades or place your stop loss using fair value gaps. Now, you may be wondering why I have this zone highlighted. Well, if we look at it, what do you see? What is happening and what am I highlighting? I'm highlighting the wicks of candle one and there's candle two in this pattern.
there's candle three so notice how in a fair value gap we have a wick and we have another wick so if we have a three candle pattern where the wicks are overlapping after and this is very important after a fair value gap has been created then that is likely to be a breakaway gap and we should not see the market revisit below that area so this is very powerful for a number of reasons now if you're wondering how let's break this down well number one if this happens
then you could enter a trade and just place your stop loss under this level. Number two, if you're in a trade from down here, maybe you got in a trade off of this inverted fair value gap and then a one-sided fair value gap being created after it. See how all of this ties together? If you were in a trade from down here, then you could trail your stop instead of having it from here.
all the way up to having it in profits and this is huge if you're trading prop firms or if you're trading just anything at all it's very important to understand how to properly trail your stops to protect the money you're making and then once you've identified the most obvious point of liquidity which is just the cleanest high on your entry time frame or whatever point of liquidity that you found on your higher time frame you could have found this by using fair value gaps maybe if a fair value gap inverted on the higher time frame you're drawing liquidity is going to be much higher and if the market's seeking out that level and it's created a redeliver
rebalanced price range, which is right here, then the market should not revisit it. It should run pretty aggressively towards that point of liquidity. Now you can use this to scale into trades. You can use this to really do anything you need. You can use it on a higher timeframe just to find bias because if the market creates this and you're in any candle right here, you understand that the market's likely to move to the upside. So how to become profitable using fair value gaps. Step number one is to eliminate everything that you're looking for. Only look
for fair value gaps. Okay, fair value gaps and highs and lows are all you need. So I need you right now, if you're gonna use this, to stop looking for order blocks, to stop looking for anything else, and I'm not saying those things never will work, but what I am saying is that if you're still learning, then the worst thing you can do is try to watch every single thing on your chart.
OK, so stop doing that right now or you're never going to become profitable. Number two is that fair value gaps show displacement, which is the foundation of ICT. Remember, the whole reason we're trading ICT is to be able to figure out which way the market is really moving. And when I say that, I mean, which way is the algorithm or which way are the large forces at play or the market manipulators? Which way are they moving price? And if a large force gets into the market, what do you think is going to happen? Do you think it's going to be a small move or do you think we're going to have?
displacement. And what helps you mechanically define displacement? Fair value gaps. And you can see how powerful this is and why you don't need anything else. So what you're going to do is you're going to use consistency theory and structural gaps to select which fair value gaps you're going to use. Because as with anything, nothing is 100%. The only thing certain about trading is that it's uncertain. And your job is just to refine your edge. And I've given you a simple way on how to refine which fair value gaps you're looking for so you pick the best ones. And of course, this isn't going to work 100%.
percent of the time but it will work more than it fails next you're going to use rdrb and ifvgs for bias and stop loss placement
and trade entries. Because either of these concepts, when they occur, they tell you that the market is not going to one point of the market and it's going to another, which is all you need for a trade. You don't have to have a market structure shift or an ICT 2022 model to enter a trade. So if you tie everything in and you build a strategy around picking the right fair value gaps, watching for displacement and manipulation to tell whether the market's gonna reverse and pairing that with the concepts I've taught you, then you have everything you need in order to find bias, place your stop loss and find trades.
need you guys to stay consistent with this. Don't be like most traders and watch this video and then go watch 100 more and try to use everything all at once. Commit to only using this for the next couple of weeks and just see where it goes. It's probably not going to be perfect because most of you guys are either new to ICT or you're struggling with ICT. And the reality is it's going to take hard work to get out of that phase. But if you work on 100 different things at once, then you will never become profitable. So focus on one thing and just focus on mastering that. Whether you're struggling with ICT or you're just
brand new, I want to trade live with you. And I mean, really sit down with you.
call out trades right in front of you and show you how to apply this in real time. And I wanna review every single trade you take in a trading journal and set you up with a trading psychologist to make sure that your mindset is right. I wanna teach you from A to Z the exact approach that I have used to become a profitable trader in the last eight years that I've spent in the markets. But the only way I wanna do this is if you are serious and not everyone will qualify. But if you do qualify, then I guarantee that you become a funded trader in 12 weeks. So if this sounds like something that's interesting to you, go ahead and click the link.
down in the description to become a funded trader in 12 weeks guaranteed and this is only if you qualify not everyone will so again if you want me to trade live with you review all your trades teach you my approach line you up with the trading psychology coach and much more go ahead and click the link in the description to become a funded trader in 12 weeks guaranteed and that will show you everything you need to know about my pro
