What's up? What's up? I'm gonna let everybody get a second to get in here. Genos isn't ready yet. What's up? I hope you guys had a good weekend. And good morning, ZP. DXY is going crazy. I don't even think there's any news this week until Thursday, I want to say. There's not really any high-impact news until then. Not that I... Let me make sure of that. What's up?
Good, bro. It was good. We went and saw it. We went to a concert and shit, so it was dope. How about you? Oh, yeah. Yeah, she be howling.
She even gave, cause I was, I was looking back at it. Like it literally gave the entry too. Cause I saw you posted the same thing. You were like, cause I went to Forex chat and I was like, cause it right like here. Like if, even if I would have waited for one minute, it was over here and five minute and five minute. So it was just kind of like, yeah. Well, I think the problem was, um, this right here, I was going to go over this today too, is Tokyo low. That's why, um, I don't know. Yeah.
Yeah, no, it's like almost mandatory in my opinion. That's why I trade Tokyo sometimes, but usually it's like either it's dull or I just sound like damn like I should have just spent my time doing something else, but oh hell yeah, ZP. Having the homies come in from out of town is always nice. Pull up my notion. I actually had a couple setups I wanted to watch. Really? I was looking at...
Most stuff and I don't really as far as the currencies go and then Bitcoin I'm just gonna wait until we get down as far as any longs go Why is notion need update? I just updated this shit, but there's a couple setups. I see that are forming but not anything really that's Appealing to me too much. Yeah, I'm saying I got chicken. I'm issue. What's up? I'll go. Yeah, I took some longs on SPX collapsing
Yeah, everything's so fucked up. Yeah, shit's crazy. Yeah. Yeah, Bitcoin just hella says to me here, like, I'm not going to look to bid it again. Because, like, for instance, I was watching this morning, and we longed off of this one-hour institutional candle in the fair value gap fill. Got, you know, you got...
Your bullet structure right here your internal structure change your character whatever you call it Price came down just didn't because that would that the five the 15 minute brook structure there and the five minute was this on the same structure So usually at that point I won't really wait for this because you know the five minute coming back down here You know we did come back down into it, but and would have needed another structure structural shift, but
And then I was looking, I was like, okay, well, it's coming down to these other POIs. Then it gave another structure there, or change of character, I should say. I don't want to confuse people. But then it quickly just came up to rebalance price and move to the downside. So nothing I really see of interest here. Probably wait as far as any more longs go until down in these regions down here.
I think that that's where the bids will be of more interest.
This would too. Yeah, I had that. I think I have an alert on it, but I like both of them. Preferably, preferably I'd like it if we'd get in here. But at the same time, I mean, the thing about Bitcoin with me is like the daily and the weekly are giving me better signs of like a daily pullback ensuing. But the four hour is still bear. So that's I'm going to be a little more. I'm just going to be pickier with longs until they're down here in a discount.
Because really, it's like we look like we just had a complex pullback to come out and take out a week high. I mean, just looking at a four-hour, you'd look for the lows. But I'm kind of looking more at the daily and stuff. So I am still going to be more long biased once we get down here, if we can start. But I'm going to need four-hour to go bullish. I'm not going to just trade the 15-minute change of character. Let's see what this chance is doing. You take anything on stocks today, Algo? True. I haven't looked at this chart in a while.
You got this weak Kai right here, too. I came out and ruined this liquidity. Probably coming right here in this region first. Like you were talking about, that's the LPSY it looks like, right? Yeah, something like that. Daily draw on liquidity, too. Looks good. Moss is starting to clear. Yeah. Yeah, some fucking crazy shit. I'm probably not going to play... Really?
Why wait so they're like they're expecting some shit. Oh I was like what I was gonna say I was like how the fuck did I not see that on the news? NOS is starting to give a nice little setup here. Yeah, I'm not gonna trade NOS Don't look bad though. It's really the
The daily draw on liquidity has been met here. So, like, I mean, four-hour market structure would, like, lead people to believe we're going straight for this week high. But we do have, if we start, we started a pullback here at this four-hour change of character. So, what I could see is maybe, like, maybe intraday long is up to fill in balances. But I think this week will probably, we'll have a little more downside this week. But it's just crazy with DXY, like.
um ain't shit safe but it almost looks like it's going for the fucking monthly pd array because um like this monthly order block all the way up here dude like i know that sounds crazy but um it's seeming to just blast through this one over here this doesn't really seem to be doing much so interesting to see how this goes a lot of this is to do with macros too the world's just getting super freaked out yeah
Yeah, I could say there's an order blocker imbalance or something over here Really right here is where I probably see some kind of reverse which is soon, but we'll see I'd be the weekly drawn liquidity at this point seems like that's what it's pushing for No signs of slowing up on any time frame like even like a fucking 15 minutes It is insanity. Well, I like NOS though. I'm not gonna count. I like this right here. It's theoretically it kind of already gave an entry but
Not fair value gap return Even just targeting little one-minute imbalances is not that's fucking good at us reward Yeah That's why I thought DXY is fucking flying. I may have no notion Oh The like died at d d y dx. Oh, yeah, I remember we were looking somebody asked me about that and said that you'd looked it on stream It looked fire, but I don't know. I just don't even know you'd be trading alts anymore Yeah, I read I don't know
I'd rather trade Forex than trade Alts. I feel like today the stock market is going to end up possibly closing bullish. Whenever I usually see this set up on NOS and SPY, or maybe not close bullish, but we'll push up from this level where we're at right now. See the gold? A couple of setups I did want to go over.
Gold is one of them. I know we've talked about it quite a bit. We got to stop that on the trade last night. But I'm still interested in it from a four-hour perspective just because we haven't broken down on any internal structure.
It gave all of the triggers really because the 15 minute broke up here. So the 15 minute was bullish in this whole range. Price came back down, mitigated this 15 minute demand, introduced new demand on a lower time frame, which is the five minute. I broke up there, introduced that new demand. Price wanted to, it started pin barring. It wanted to with that Tokyo low and then also DXY is just on like a fucking rampage.
It held up actually pretty well considering we ran an insane amount on DXY, and gold held up fairly good for the most part.
Or tried to. But I think that it's still developing. We've now got another introduction of demand on a 15-minute time frame over here. Or not on a 15, I'm sorry, five-minute time frame. Because a 15-minute has been bullish this entire time, really. So that was your 15-minute original change of character over, where was it? Yeah, over right there. Because this high formed a new low right there. We kind of took the high. Haven't done anything else. We've just been pitter-pattering around the range.
um also sunday night this kind of makes for fickle price action sometimes but um what i'd look for here because we got it looks like that would be the five minute would be over this right yeah it's right there so this isn't really the kind of price action i personally want to see i doesn't i don't really see a very clear area that wasn't mitigated already um
I'm going to keep an eye on this setup, but overall going into this week, what we want to see is this low not get taken. If we see that low get taken, we're going to be looking for more of a drawn out range to develop before. And that's another reason why I don't want to target the heavens because overall, if we can start to form a daily swing low here, I'll be looking to target at least this imbalance at a minimum, if not higher.
because this massive move to the downside has given us quite the inefficiency to rebalance. Not to say that it has to happen immediately, but if we start to form that daily swing low, we form two higher lows in a row.
The four-hour demand has still been respected. Once all the timeframes are in harmony, we can get a 15-minute, five-minute all in harmony and bullish structure at Outlook for Longs. I'm not really rushing it, though. I don't like this whole price action right here.
Because you can see that price was moving up. There was not really, yeah, there was displacement over here. But that came after the break of structure and it was just a lot of wicks. It was immediately cleaning up any liquidity, not really leaving much behind in order to induce longs in front of. Because preferably I would rather have an order block or a demand zone with lows front running it to kind of engineer liquidity in front of the zone. That way when price comes back down, smart money can effectively mitigate.
but I'm not really seeing what I want just yet. Bitcoin, I'll cover it a little bit. Ideally, I want us to come back down into a premium of this range right here or into a discount of this range. So really either of these POIs right here, it's not marked right over this or the lower one down here. Either one of those for me would be a good opportunity to swing some longs. Reason being the...
Daily is starting to give us signs that it wants to start to pull back. It's a similar situation with gold. We just have a huge imbalance to fill to the upside. But just because it's there doesn't mean we want to force anything just yet. Because we all know, I mean, we had, you know, after that last range right here, we still had imbalances to the upside that never got filled. So just like we went over in the macro stream, out of all markets, I think crypto is the weaker one.
but um it is starting to show some strength so looking here we got a um on internal structure we came down we made a low right came down we didn't break the low right here right so this is where we can get really technical with internal structure i wouldn't consider this a high because it didn't produce a low you know the original daily change of character was over this way and then we came up took another high right there
Then we came down because we're moving up internal character. We're pretty aggressive. We're going to move it to the most recent candle. So then we came up, made a new high because we came down and took the low. So then that gave us a new range that we were trading within as far as our daily internal structure goes.
here but we came up and took that high so that being said we could look for demand that was introduced down in the bottom of this range and the discount of this range to be respected with some longs we could see possible relief bounces you know on the way up but I'm not gonna force anything
Trading counter trend can be profitable, but usually if it doesn't hit from where I want it to hit, I'm not going to continuously just try to long against the trend. It's kind of redundant, and I think that we have better stuff to be watching. Maybe could catch shorts going into the week if this four-hour internal structure remains bearish. It seems like any push to the upside is just to rebalance price in order to push price down farther. Also looks like we're engineering some sell side right there.
So we possibly find some short opportunities coming into this week. But again, we don't want to force anything. There's always a setup. You don't have to force it on what you're trying to have it on. DXY going crazy is not going to help. So really before forcing a bunch of longs.
And that kind of narrative, we did go over that things are starting to give us signs we want to have a little bear rally relief bounce. Our bear market, like a little rally relief. But we don't want to force that until we get back down into the lower half of this range. Aussie Yin. Let's see what she wanted to do. Went to us last night. So, looks like...
see my thing here um the surprising it reacted this heavily was because really this would be considered a weak high at the moment we're at so um not super super eager to short it from there that's why i wanted to really get what i needed we did come up into the fractal or the refined zone so let's see so like if we're on a four hour um
If we're looking at like a four-hour supply zone, you could just look at this whole little buy-to-sell range up here. But that's a super huge zone. So there's not really a reason to use that entire zone. You're going to get a shitload of false signals. Like, for instance, price came up into it here. You got a change of character.
If you tried to short off of that or use that in any way, it's just going to give you a lot of false signals, a lot of wasted screen time. So what we want to do is fractal would be the wick here or an institutional candle that's not the last up candle. Or you're kind of refining it from what you would see on a higher time frame to...
trying to identify and see something on a lower timeframe through the high timeframe, if that makes sense. So, you know, we want to, yeah. So then here, you know, you could, you want to look, if you go to one hour, you know, this was our zone, we could go to one hour to refine. That's what I'll use the one hour for is refinance, but we could go in and say, okay, where did the selling really start? You know, well, it's, it's not mitigated. You know, we could look right here and it seems like that was respected. You could also go.
even lower on a 15-minute and find that last institutional candle before the displacement. And you can see this worked pretty well here. So at that point, remember, we're still looking at this from the perspective that it's a four-hour POI. It's just a refined four-hour POI. So looking here last night, so it came down. We got a change of character there. That would have led us with a new...
Actually, no, I'd say this was still your one right there. So the change of character for me would have been right here.
So really, I mean, it didn't because we were right around here. I think it was like up in here when I was going to sleep. And I was waiting for this to get broken. That's why I sent that alert out to the Forex channel. But it broke down. It didn't really leave as much to go off of. So I'm not going to force this one either. The way I'm looking at it is from a structural standpoint.
You know, this is a weak high up here now we could see that get violated because the yen is just Due for some somewhat of some strength which would bring this pair down, but I'm looking at this, you know the swing structure on a four hour is This right here for me
So if we came up here and we started to break down, but then price started to have more of a complex pullback, that leads me to believe that there is some form of unmitigated levels above that need to get taken out. And also when I'm looking at this 15 minute, I don't really see displacement here. There's nothing here that tells me that market makers are really pushing price down here. Maybe over here, but that's also because you're starting to get near these areas of liquidity. I think there was a four hour.
Yeah, four-hour fair value gap here with an institutional candle. Maybe you'll be able to refine this into some demand and see a possible area where we might get a relief bounce because we might just go all the way down, but I'm personally not going to force any kind of shorts off this up here. I don't like anything I see there.
You know, there is this, but that's came after the internal leg that yielded a break of structure. So if anything with Aussie in, I would look for price maybe to come down here if we reverse, which I'm not really saying we will or won't. But if we do, I'd look to come up and take the week high, go into that four hour supply. And that's where I would feel a little more comfortable looking to enter shorts.
I'm going to send an alert here just to kind of study price action. I don't know if I'm going to really take longs here or not. I'll alert you guys if I do. I like this area. It's under some equal lows. Four-hour fair value gap got filled. We refined this four-hour institutional candle down all the way from one hour to a 15-minute to really identify where that displacement originally came in the market because here it doesn't look all that crazy. I mean, yeah, there's a little bit of a fair value gap there, but on a four-hour,
We know that that level kind of rallied from what everybody was expecting to be the continuation of this bear trend and take out these weak lows. And also just really engineered more sell stops down here. So that's my outlook on Aussie Yen. I think it's going to be a good setup, but it is developing as far as the pro trend play goes. Oh yeah, GBP, JPY.
More yin pairs. Which thing do I have it on? I think it's this one. Yeah. So, GJ's swing structure is pretty odd on a four-hour. Looking at a daily, for me, this was enough for a daily pullback. And this gives me more clarity because the four-hour and the daily are almost similar right now. So, really, the daily, you know, we made that break of structure to the upside.
Then we close below it. So for me, this was our swing high and our swing low way down here. And then if you look, we came up and rated this liquidity up at this new swing high, right? Rated it, and then we started to move to the downside. So overall, for me, I'm more leaning bearish on this one. The daily is still bearish internally as well, so it tells me that daily continuation is still in effect.
And I want to kind of wait till we get to a more decisional point before I look to get in on that. So I looked and I found this four hour institutional candle, four hour or fair value gap fill. Find it to a one hour. I think I refine it somewhere in here. But then if you go to a 15 minute, get a nice, really clear order block there. So got alert set for that. I think I had this down here. I need to delete these, but you got alert set for that up there.
I'm not going to force this one either because anything against the yen lately has been super volatile. It's always seen UJ, GJ, anything CAD, JPY has just been on a fucking never-ending manhunt for people that are trying to play the reversal. So I'm not going to force it, but it is starting to get to that area where I'm looking for that. Another one was Eurodollar.
Not really giving any kind of signs of strength yet. It's almost looking like it wants to come all the way back down to this monthly, the lower part of this monthly price delivery array, which is this order block all the way from 2002. Pretty crazy. And then like also Algo was saying, there's a lot of super...
I guess, uncertainty, high uncertainty with the EU right now due to existential factors with their energy crisis. So that's, you know, you got to be patient with these kind of setups. No reason to try to catch a reversal yet. I mean, I'm still, we've been bearish in this for a while. It does not show any signs yet. I was drawing this daily, drawing liquidity, but it seems like we're still pushing away from it. So we'll come back and revisit that later.
i was looking at this last night i wanted us to um get a four hour change of character here but you can see that the bears are still very much in control so i think i got it oh wait hold on actually i'm enjoying that because there's a 15 minute character yeah that's what it was this 15 minute change of character um in that four hours and the four hour internal structure was still bearish swing structure bearish right um you know it's really not much of a swing here but uh
wait what's up i'll go oh um but uh yeah so i mean everything's kind of you know once everything's just bearish right the swing structure bearish internal structure is bearish right we could not get above this internal high that formed this low down here you know we've now formed a new low so we can look i would say this is our new high i'm not really gonna keep that up there i don't think there's a point to but i like that because it is right above our
Area we're looking to take sure that I was looking to possibly short from so I look for what caused that Break of structure, you know, we could look at this institutional candle up here as well on the one hour But on the 15 minute for me The displacement really started over in this area right here. That's where I see the big fair value gap
You could watch both areas, but really just would wait for 15 minutes to come up in this area and then switch bearish. And I would just look for shorts. And I'd probably target something realistic, but I would leave a small runner because I don't see any sign of Eurodollar recovering yet. And it's getting so close to that monthly order block that it's like, it's, you know. So those are really the main setups I'm watching.
is Aussie Yen, gold, Bitcoin if we can get down in our area. And then that's really about it. I want to look at US 30. So I'd refine this four hour candle here into one hour there and I'll live into a 15 minute.
institutional candle up here so we this almost looks more like accumulation to me like but maybe just going into a redistribution but I could see price pushing up in this area just see our for our internal structures telling us because I think we did switch bearish yeah
As with most I think all the indices switch bearish no divergence there So we came up that was our break of structure on a swing level a new swing high up here Swing low all the way down here
So we're still bullish, but once we come up in these areas of supply, and if we start to get an internal change of character to the downside, this right here, that would lead me to believe that we're still going to experience one of these complex pullbacks where you came up, you came back down to a discount, you changed character to the upside, came up, and demand had seemingly been respected, but it's probably just engineering more.
Southside liquidity engineering more longs because there are some unmitigated levels down here and it's the same with Bitcoin same with all the indices so We could see some chop here for sure this actually man of hunting person us 30 shorts
I'm not going to force that just because once we have these liquidity rates in the morning, oftentimes you'll see a push to the upside. Because again, at the end of the day, we are still bullish in the four hour. So any kind of shorting for me would still be pretty counter trend. So I'm going to be pretty picky with what I play. I'm going to talk about a fat ass lick rate in NASDAQ. Yeah, I want to forward test that. I want to see how that...
Oh, nice. Yeah. See, there we go. That's what you want to see. We come back down into that fair value gap or into the demand candle, however you look at it. I've noticed that a lot of these models, they're really all the same. They just play differently. I'm not going to fix the value because I'm just testing. But see, this is the model that we've talked about quite a few times. We come down.
We get a change of character on a one-minute time frame, which is that sign the market wants to go higher. Oftentimes, it's paired with demand, but it doesn't have to be. Really, we just look for a run on liquidity here because we have these equal lows. It's really any swing high or swing low, but theoretically, you'd rather it be equal lows because it's more of an obvious area and you know that a ton of sales stops have been taken. So price flushes out all that liquidity.
and shows the intention to want to go higher. So it's a nice forward test there. Really, you could maybe even target higher with this, but with a lot of these day trades, in my opinion, sure, could you target higher? Yeah, but I think it's better just to take maybe 80%, 75% at the premium of the little price leg, the impulsive move you just made. Because there was...
A lot of money transferred hands in this area, so I wouldn't be greedy. If I can get 5-1, 4-1, just take 80%, hit your daily goal, and your workday's done. That's one thing I really like about indices is the time of day effectiveness. Did you end up taking these or no, Algo? Oh, hell yeah. I thought you said you were waiting. That's what I was... Hell yeah. Hell yeah. These lit grade setups are fucking nice, man. It makes me just only want to trade in indices.
literally because the the time of day is so effective bro same time every day especially too like when you get them like this um because you know we raid liquidity but it also comes into a poi so it's like the ict logic but it's all really the same shit you're just going now you know okay in 15 minute institutional candle before the displacement began you know can that have mitigated i mean
yeah on the four on the four hour that's that's what i was just yeah but at the same time it's like i don't know man i i'm not convinced they're gonna just shit from here but that's i wouldn't really hold any kind of longs much past this personally i did the same thing with spx fucking before it railed the entire time though but it's okay you know i like i like trading yeah yeah i got so close to getting stopped at on spx dude
Like, literally, I don't know how it did. And I guess just my spread didn't... The spread didn't hit... It didn't... I mean, it just didn't hit my stop. It came close as fuck, though. I've been sitting here watching my PNL in the corner of my eye while I'm talking to you guys like, what, motherfucker? One minute trader? I should have just taken Nas, though. Nas had a cleaner setup, though. But, I mean, either way, they both hit. Yeah.
it's just it's like trading fucking indices it's literally easy as shit it's like that's it's just you look for the same thing every day because like i don't care if i can hit 3r a day bro i'm cool i'll be done trading for the day like literally if i have 3r in the morning i'm not even looking at a chart again like after this spx shit like if this hits full tp i'm just i'm done for the day like it's that easy
I can go work on other shit. That's the thing with trading too, that the longer I trade, the main thing I want to focus on moving forward as a trader is time effectiveness.
because i don't want to i don't i got shit to do you can easily just turn because it's like i when people say trading is a passive income i'm kind of like not really but um it's like investing would be a passive income but at the same time you can make it you know a little more passive i guess i should say if you can get your time effectiveness down i want these pound new zealand dollar belongs to hit
I'm going to do some TA on some other stuff just to kind of spread my test. The only setup I really saw this morning that I liked was the indices. Everything else I think is still developing. Cable is still moving to the downside. Pretty rough here. As with anything against the dollar, any foreign currency.
I think this was right here. I was framing this last night. Yeah, I got that change of character right there. I was asleep, though. Ha, that sucks. Oh, no, no, no, no, it wasn't. No, no, no. I'm sorry. It was Eurodollar that I missed. But this was... I don't know if those were my notifications or somebody in the stream. But this change of character right here, you had a nice short opportunity there. That was beautiful if you caught that.
Now that the four hour has broken to the downside, we can probably refine the newly introduced supply from this zone, or at least close to it. I mean, really, it's not very clear in my opinion. I'd probably just leave it at this one hour zone here.
There's also a little flip zone down here. The only time I really... Flip zones, I like them whenever all the time frames are agreeing with them. Almost always, though, flip zones, from my experience, because I don't really trade them too, too much, but they never yield lasting trades unless it's like everything is bearish or everything is bullish. Then you get some suit. That's almost what you have to play or you'll just get left behind.
um like in this situation i'd say that and then right there but then it's like a lot of times it's just not unless price starts to really push away that little oh actually it isn't a premium i guess the naked eye deceived me i'll set alerts for this too i don't know why the fuck people were bullish on this shit um like long term i saw like i like i wanted to long it at one point but it kind of just left me behind
It was like over here somewhere in this area, but I remember I was like everybody was like getting like bullish on this like long term I was like bro. Why? Yeah Aussie dollar It's also getting close to this monthly PDRA I came out and took those lows finally. So now That's actually made for some really nice setups
you got faked like a motherfucker honestly like so like look at this if you waited for the four hour let me just delete that all this stuff chart hygiene's a must actually i'm gonna keep my trade because i like documenting them um but
Like, if you look here, you literally, okay, price came into four-hour supply. Even if it didn't come, this is why I like refining. People got faked so hard here. And I've learned that I'd rather just miss more trades than not refine. Because, like, let's just, like, if you just use this, you got, like, a four-hour change of character, everything, and you got clapped if you're trying to trade that. And then, if you look, if you refined it all the way...
that's where the actual move started. And you got that springboard distribution, but then you really never, the thing about it though is you really never, for me, I wouldn't have taken an entry here because you got a 15 minute change of character. You never pushed back into even the flip zone. So everything with the DXY sub all tool is kind of just like, you know, everything's off to the races, but still can't force anything. You got to, you know, obey your trigger and stay disciplined with that.
on that alert set um move pretty far away from that one though so remove this sell side let me see if there's anything on a daily nothing really on a daily i feel like you're almost headed to this weekly drawn liquidity right maybe down here really the daily too has another imbalance down here
Yeah, so like looking at this like just forward testing, I guess you could have taken maybe some pros. Let's see if that would even meet much. Yeah, actually no, there would have been, you could have taken pros right at this first fair value gap or at least partials, not full. I mean, you could have just taken fulls there literally if you wanted to. That's another thing too that I've explored the, entertain the idea of just having a fixed risk or reward.
But I don't know. I'm kind of still messing around with it. But it's like if you hit a 3R trade every day, even if it goes without you and you're not all FOMO demons, you're going to make a very good living, especially if you're trading unfunded. You hit that three times a week, you're done. Literally, you probably have a loss in that week. I'm always perfect, but you get what I mean.
What's DXY doing? Oh, yeah, this is something else I wanted to go into. I mean, theoretically, though, I don't think you've broken through because really the actual PDRA would be your most recent.
where is it is this yeah your most recent down candle so your month order block and then your most recent up can would be this range but i mean like it can be deceiving you're like oh you've already broken through that it's like we haven't until this you know what i mean but it looks like it wants to and um i think there's some more external factors at play but um again it's a monthly zone make this visible on the lower time frames
So, you know, we're in a zone where we could get a pullback on the dollar and that would be bullish, but I don't think it's something that's going to happen overnight or something that's even guaranteed to happen at all. I mean, literally nothing is showing any signs of letting up yet. I mean, you haven't gotten any kind of structural shift. You know what I mean? Like, yeah, I'm still holding those SPX longs. That's probably going to be it for me today. Wait, 11? You mean Nas?
1100. 1930s. I don't do, I probably should just do TA on NQ, shouldn't I, instead of fucking 100. Yeah. That makes sense, though, because I've noticed that sometimes, like, I've noticed sometimes it'll hit a level, because usually across exchanges, with everything except gold, which I've noticed gold is like...
It's ridiculous. It'll differ. Crazy. The numbers will be different, but the actual levels will be the same. For instance, if there's a four-hour order block on July 5th at 8 p.m. Eastern, and it doesn't get violated, it probably didn't get violated on the other charts either, even though they're all different numbers. You know what I'm saying? But then on SPX and US 100, you'll see a level cleared that doesn't get cleared anywhere else, and you're just like, what the fuck? Is it? Oh, yeah.
Still no lower low on the hour yet. And really with the divergence, I try to look for like swings almost, but I could see it. I need it. Pump me. Pump my forward test and my actual trade. Yeah, I know. For sure. Yeah. I want, dude. Like, it's insane. Like, USDGPY is fucked, bro. I know. It's getting there.
yeah the 140 uh that's the week and then the monthly order bulk like that ray i was talking about it's 138 so it's like i mean but i'm like like here's the thing bro like everybody has been getting like it's even given the short frameworks like i haven't really traded it much till recently if you want to see some pain by the way bro look at this shit huh
no i took i took partials earlier but i didn't close it no yeah yeah fucking uj bro like people got like i wish i would have just held these fucking long this is the same setup this is the same exact setup that we're talking about on nq is but on uh
Oh, the other night you're talking about? Yeah, I wish I'd have just taken it in full, though. Agreed. I took partials. At the end of the day, it was like a small win, but it was just frustrating because I could have just taken part of it in full. That was actually what was making me sit there like, fuck, bro, I'm literally about to just do a fixed wrist profile because that shit made me so weird. It was such a nice trade, too. It was so explosive. And then it just turned around.
That's another thing, too. I'm probably going to go a week without trading Asia at all because I feel like it's that time efficiency. I feel like I spend so much time in front of a chart during Asia session for such little moves. I mean, the yen pairs, they move nice, but this I caught during Asia. It's like 11 at night. This is the same thing we just played this morning, literally. The rate on liquidity.
One minute change of character. I came back into the fair value gap. I could have just played the demand zone, but I just marketed somewhere in here. I was on a three minute chart, I think, but marketed literally. I just targeted like an imbalance up here. I think it was like a five minute imbalance. Yeah, or 15 maybe. Yeah, it was a 15 minute imbalance. I just targeted it. I was like, hell yeah, snipe my TP. Woke up the next morning and was like, bro, what the fuck? This should be up like.
18r but i mean there's no reason to think about it like that i did almost want to take it up here though so that was where i was like wow like up to this level like you could have you could literally just long like like back testing this you could just have longed every one hour order block almost literally like look like one hour order block like moved one hour order block moon one hour order block moon like literally bro it's just like what like it's like
it's like so easy that it's not easy almost because you're not just gonna do that but it's like that's that's where i was like i was talking to um man and i was like bro it's like the people who like just learn certain things and then they get lucky on a pair like friends if you learn order block theory and just played this pair like you are eating and you don't even know why like just long every order block like fuck bro
it's like water blog it's just crazy but i mean that's just bullish order flow for you that's all it is it's just exhibiting that the institutions are still clearly sponsoring this up move it's nutty right back testing this though there is one that kind of i wouldn't have taken i would have in front of that look let's see how that forward is going oops not 15 seconds yeah i mean i don't
I mean, to me, there's nothing broken about it. You know, that's really a decisional point, you know, because if you break under that, yeah. Yeah, that's fire. Because, I mean, really, it's like if you go under, and that's another thing I like about these trades.
you can break even yourself pretty like peacefully without like you know kind of like on a lot of the supply and demand trades if you break even too early you just get stopped out and then it goes but like here like if you look i mean that's really the decisional point like if you go under that the five minutes shifting back bearish and it's like you're probably gonna you're you would have probably taken out your stop anyways but i like that level right there
it's hard to play limits like sometimes on that with um depending on your broker
I got this thing. You'll probably like it because you use MT5 on the PC. It was $100, and I did research on a lot of them, and it seemed like the cheapest and most effective one. It's a trade manager. It's an indicator you get from MQL, their little marketplace, and you input your risk percentage, and it automatically sizes your positions and shit.
which is, for me, that is so frustrating. If I'm day trading, bro, and I'm over here, indices are fucking easy and shit, and I've almost got it to where 4X is like a calculator in my head, so it's really not that necessary, but trading gold and silver, doing the calculations in your head, it's not hard, but I like doing them. I'd rather not have to do them, I guess. For gold, it's just a... What's it called?
um a dollar for every penny if you're on a one lot anyways um i'm gonna hop off here i'll keep all you guys updated on those setups i don't really see anything as far as you know any swings to hold to the week set up setting up yet um
If indices can hold here, they should close the day bullish, but if they can't, you'll see more downside. I will holler at you guys later. Safe trading. Don't get licked out there. I'll see you guys.
