what's good so um nice nice move on es today i wasn't even going to trade because i'm going on vacation tomorrow but i was hopping the voice chat with the boys um in the discord and i was watching s p it was just too clean so i'll start out by um recapping this trade and first i'll show you guys really quick just so you guys can see for transparency
There we go, so I called it yet sells you see here this morning See what we call them right up here at the top of the day almost So I just wanted to show you guys that they're on YouTube So you guys cuz I know a lot of people like to be especially in smart money and a lot of hindsight warriors Oh, if it'll let me go back to my page See technical difficulties
I don't know why Streamlabs does that. It's like if I change sometimes it won't work but
Pretty nice move from the high of the day. So basically the main bias for this was that we had a lot of liquidity resting up above this area. I mean, if you look at the 15 minute, we kind of developed this range right here. So pre this morning, we had a nice high and a low where we know there's a lot of shorts, or I'm sorry, a lot of shorts getting stopped out up here.
A lot of longs are going to get stopped out of here. So really, this morning was pretty clean. You could just wait for a liquidity pool to be ran. So whenever we're day trading, especially with the S&P, you want to watch for liquidity to be taken. So the kind of the basic steps, and I went over this in depth in the private class on the Discord this past weekend, but you want to ask yourself, what's the draw on liquidity? Have the stops been taken? If you have the answer to both of those things,
then you know that that's where you can start to formulate trade so at this point you know we know we have hit a target that i also talked about this for some time it was this daily candle right here i think i'm going to be transparent i think at some point we will take out this 4200 level but not you know not necessarily today obviously but
Nice three drive into this daily order block right here And this order block is of high value to me because it happened on FOMC day and it took a lot of liquidity here So we know there was a lot of institutions or smart money manipulating price in this area But you know after we came up and we took that out then we saw this nice displacement down into this order block
So now we've kind of, we're playing within this range as far as our most recent structure, most recent impulse goes. So we could see some retracement here, even if we are bullish overall. So that's why this morning I waited till we took out some liquidity. We took that out and then, why isn't this? Oh yeah, I had my stuff. All right. And we took out that liquidity and then on the one minute, this is kind of my trigger. So
We took out, well, took this out right here. And originally I was watching and I wanted us to trade up into this fair value gap and then move out of it. And that's where I was going to enter. But as soon as we got that second displacement, you know, right here, as soon as we had pushed down a little bit and we'd wick back up, I just marketed right there, signaled out the trade. I had to rush to signal it out. I almost ran away without us. But nice move to our first and second partial. So we're mostly out of this trade.
Small runner left with stops at entry. I could see us trading up into this level we have right here. Five minute. It's a nice order block. Came up and took liquidity. And then also there's a breaker right here. I mean, I would really say the breaker may be up here, but this candle was a last down close candle before stops were taken. And then we have a measuring gap right here. And then I think there's some one minute equal highs as well right there.
If I hadn't already gotten into a trade, I would maybe watch this zone. I don't like that we're coming into it at 12, but this zone could be of some interest. I won't be taking another trade today because, for obvious reasons, we hit a nice trade here. So yes, that was basically, again, just to kind of walk you guys through it. We waited for liquidity to be taken, which we took the buy side of the range, so we know there are stops resting above this. Then we just shipped to our lower time frame and then watch.
for breaks of structure. The downside would tell us that these stops are indeed being absorbed. So any breakout buyers are getting sold to here by strong money. And we see one displacement, two displacement. And also can look at this as some form of a market maker sell model. It was kind of sloppy, but we had a consolidation here.
consolidation here which it's very sloppy but at the end of the day like we talked about in the video the market maker models they're not meant to always be part picture-perfect and while sometimes they definitely are you know that's not always the case and then we had our very quick redistribution here redistribution here into this letter to this low down here I took the low here just because we moved more aggressively off of it and it was good risk to reward so
You guys that have been following me for a while or trade with me in the Discord know that I'm all about taking profits, leaving some runners. But I think that a big problem I used to have whenever I was a newer trader was trying to over-target things, like try to swing for the fences. But whether you're funded or you're trying to get funded, I think that it's very important that you pay yourself, especially...
on trades that do have good risk to reward. Now, I'm not saying you should trade and take profits too early, but it's important to always, when good money is made available to you, that's 4R in a matter of less than an hour, that's really good money in my opinion, so I'm gonna definitely take some. Now, as to why I targeted the final target, so I wanted a five minute and I took a fib on the last impulse move.
Check it kind of let me do like a different chart
So you guys can see so it might be a little different this but what I like to do is take a fib and I'll draw the last impulsive move I'm like this right so similar to how you use standard deviations for the Asian range or the The central bank dealing range you can use standard deviations of liquidity rates, too So whenever you're using a liquidity rate to enter a trade if you draw a fib on the last impulsive move Now you could really drop from here
I think that's where I drew it, actually, now that I remember. You draw it from there. You're going to be more generous or more conservative, I should say. You can draw it here. More liberal would be up here. But basically, the measure of that liquidity rate, and then you'll likely see a push in the same distance, so the same measured move. So if you can find liquidity or points of interest that line up, sometimes that is a very good target.
Wouldn't recommend again. Don't swing for the fences and hold until then but you know while you might not target that we might not even see it But if you know that would be the terminus as ICT would like to call it So another way you can use fair value gaps or not fair value gaps another way you can use Let's find an example standard deviations is
I don't know, it's consolidation. The market's been so crazy and the high-time price barely can't even find what I'm looking for. Okay, here's one. So whenever you have a move, like a retrace back into a fair value gap, you can also, this is something I've been playing around with. I haven't made this fully mechanical, but take the candle bodies, and you want to do bodies, and then look for liquidity at or around standard deviations of those levels. It doesn't have to be a high or a low.
It can also be just levels, key levels. You know, like for instance, in this example, the low-hanging fruit, you get equal highs right here. It lined up pretty spot on with that second, well, the full extension of the range. So let's just say if you were a trader on that day, 9.30 gave a nice retracement to the fair value gap.
Look at this. And if you had traded and you said, okay, well, you waited for a nice shift. You got one there, no entry on a fair value gap. You got another here. Still didn't get an entry if you waited for the fair value gap. But this is where I mark it. Like this morning, if I get one displacement and then two, I'll just mark it on a second displacement. But if you waited for that third one, you could have traded off this fair value gap here. And maybe...
you know, you might have not usually traded off this because you would have said that, oh, this is going to be the target right here. It's not much of a trade. But if you had used this, you know, that we're pretty likely to move towards the extension of the move we just made. So you could have traded this, you know, and got a much better trade out of it had you targeted that as a full target. Again, you would have taken partials here, but there's just one example, or I guess two examples, you know, how you can use standard deviations for liquidity rates and for
Or after you get a retracement looks like we're reacting up at night level pretty nicely the reason I picked that level again is Five-minute water block and this is a higher value water block because it took liquidity and closed above it And there was a breaker block and a fair value gap and also you just take a fib It's a premium of the morning move right at equilibrium But
See how that goes. Still got about 20% of that position from up here. But yeah, that's basically everything about that trade. Now, we'll go into some outlook.
Let me get on a different chart so I can have some cleaner perspective. So overall with ES, I think the overall narrative, and this took the high on this chart. It did not on the current contract or any other chart. I think that this up here is going to be our overall target.
You know, to say that we're going to go straight to it, I think that may be a little bit of a stretch. But if we are, I would like to see some manipulation of the downside early this week. And it seems like we might be getting that already. Now, where to? So what I like to do is look at areas where on the daily first.
and we don't really have tons of clean areas but if we look at this this fair value gap was never mitigated and it did cause a shift in structure telling us we're reaching up towards something now i know i started the video talking about this order block and whenever i'm trading you know counter my overall narrative which i think is that we're going to draw to these highs you know trading counter to that would be using this as a confluence to enter cells you guys can see how i manage those cells i base them off the lower time frame i'm not swinging for you know the bottom down here
i'm not saying this is going to reverse just because it's against my narrative um so if i look at the four hour um we also have some i just do oh i clicked never mind thought i accidentally we also have some nice trendline liquidity building up there and let me say i wouldn't really look for any breakers over here that we haven't already tapped into
So I like this fair value gap here, but again, I don't even think it's necessary that we have to trade into that. Today's closure will be more telling. I mean, currently the displacement's to the up, right? But we failed to hold above this high, so I see us going down, dipping into this area. And if we go down that low, I would really say that these lows right here is where price is likely to go.
If we get a nice reversal under these lows, I think we're going to have a bullish week up into the drawing up closer to this high. I can also see this being kind of a flat week to generate some liquidity because we have had some pretty expansive price action. And after that happens, especially as we approach key levels, a lot of times you're going to see a consolidation of sort to kind of drown out and frustrate traders.
That's what I'm watching for is this low 39 61 it's equal lows because if you look at it, you know, we came up We're in a daily order block We are in premium of a daily impulse swing, which for me would be all of this So, you know in the order block you got a fair value gap and discount you've got liquidity and discount
This is where I start to be a little more bearish early on in the week And you know again the overall narrative is that we're gonna draw to the upside up here These highs are just too equal to clean. We've got that weekly and daily order block over here price traveled into it Traveled out of a displacement. So overall, that's gonna be the target. That's for ES, but I would watch for moving a movement of these lows We'll look at GU I got to chop up
So, I think is drawing up towards this high. I remember correctly. So, weekly. Yeah, I mean, to be honest, I don't. It's possible because we have that order block up here that never got tapped. And see your chat. We can't see your chance. Hold on one second. What's up? What do you say? We can't see your chat. We can't see your chats on discord.
What do you mean you can't see? Oh, yeah, no, I mean it won't let me I can't like input the YouTube chat. Oh your chart Still show my yes. Oh, hold on. So I can't let me change it Damn didn't shit. Wow. We're gonna have to change windows to the other thing There we go. Make sure it's wrong now. There we go. Okay, so
Whenever we're looking at GU we have the overall range in the weekly is this massive move down So we got a shift up telling us the price is likely to travel back up to a premium which it did now In terms of where this is likely to reverse, you know We look at any of this internal liquidity as a potential reversal point, but you want to use DX file with this So one thing I will say is you have this order block right there
And then we have the fair value gap we've traded into. Something tells me that we're going to go higher. I mean, yes, we got some nice push down here, but then we kind of coiled up. We're just kind of moving around. We're not really displacing, so to speak, under these lows. Then we come down to this order block, take out some sell side and start to move up. So, you know, GU is at a pivotal point.
And we could reverse here. It's definitely possible. I'll be watching the 4-hour. If you get a nice shift to the downside, like a violent push, I would be looking for sales. But if we don't, I would continue looking for buys. But I would probably chill on this one for right now, just where it's at. It's not like the super high probability setup. Let me look at DXY. Because DXY, I wouldn't really look for a massive reversal on...
GU till you take out this low like a bearish reversal so I could see more more upside of that word block And if you're trading GU or you like I cannot stress enough how valuable What's it called using DX Y is maybe what I see here on DX Y Gap there
And then I could see some consolidation here and then push down to that. That's what I see on GDXY. I mean, it's super clear to me. I mean, I look at it even like a market maker sell. Well, I guess that target would already kind of hit. I wouldn't really consider this the first consolidation. It would have been like this, this. So that's the thing about market maker models. They're never like pictured perfectly. That was one thing that I had.
know that it stopped me from trading unsuccessfully for a long time because they're always a Little different than than the examples you see. So what was the next one, you know to look at? Oh, so yes
Is the S&P and NOS better than Forex for the last six months? Yeah, I would say so. And I think that it's just because of the, you know, economic conditions in the United States. It's very volatile. A lot of money is getting moved around. You know, this is when you want to be active in the stock market. And Forex, I wouldn't, I mean, Forex is definitely not like, I know ICT has been talked and like a lot of shit about Forex lately, but I think, I mean, I know people that make a killing trading Forex, so.
Me personally, I like indices better. I was trying to start to mess with Euro and GBP, but it's just, sometimes you get higher risk reward setups on Forex, but I get more consistency out of indices. And I think that also comes hand in hand just that I know them more. You know what I mean? Like I'm more in tune with that market. I know how it moves and the setups that I trade work very well on it.
What is a measuring gap? So I'll show you like TC. Yeah, so whenever We're talking about like these displaced moves, you know, we have the break I recommend you go to watch bridge builders by ICT explain it well, too It's like this would be like your breakaway gap and some people might argue that this somebody would say this is the measuring gap or this It's just the you know, the most more recent fair value gap in this big pushdown Like whenever you establish like the markets telling you, you know, we're drawing lower
So let's make this big move. And then you want to say, okay, well, where am I going to get it? Am I going to get in this fair value gap, this fair value gap, that fair value gap? For me, if I am very confident to draw on liquidity, I always take the first one. I'll use a lower timeframe confirmation, but I'll always look for that. So hopefully that, and you can also take bibs of the fair value gap itself and use standard deviations for targeting. I think you can, it's actually the bottom of this one to the,
to the first one is what it is I've seen a lot of people use different ones but you can play around with that and I don't use that so I don't want to quote you in the wrong I know people do that though I just basically use it for fair value gap selection now another thing you can do which I didn't do this morning I've been meaning to do this but it's kind of like hard to teach an old dog new tricks but using the fixed range volume profile for imbalance selection so if you see like the whole idea between an imbalance is there's no trading
um going on their price was just seeking one side of liquidity so if you look look where the lowest amount of volume was in that whole thing right if you look at this imbalance up here and there's a little more volume this one there's definitely more volume than here there's nothing at all so that's where um and also they're oftentimes found right near um areas of liquidity so if you look on like one minute there's a lot of liquidity here in the morning this is where a ton of people's stop loss was at these two areas so that expansive move and then
If you dissect it in the one minute, you see it's a massive fair value gap. We know that there wasn't much trading going on there, so price likes to go back up and tap back into those regions. Every time I get a good fair value gap, I go back and I'll look at the volume profile and it will align. Somebody asked for the DE40, and then since it's on my SMT, I haven't ever traded German indexes. I mean, shit, this shit looks good. Like, this looks really good, actually.
I mean call me crazy, but this shit looks like some all-time high type vibes. I don't know if this is all-time high, but on this chart it is. I've never charted this at all, but this looks, I mean, this is clean. You're reaching out for sure, and I don't really see much else. Other areas I've watched.
Down here, but you could get a retracement of these gaps, you know if you were to get a retracement to here Or if you create another gap on the week up here, you know I would just continuously look for buys At least throughout the week, you know, I'd be waiting for the buy setups, you know, there will be cells There's any retracements with the weekly as bullish as can be Euro, you know, it's a year of those. That was what it was. Let's just deal with the both of them. So
Your account above this weekly high right here. Yeah, I wouldn't say there's really displacement here into the downside Yet as far as like a break and stretch man, I think that's I'm not sure what Unless that we're talking about this time frame And even then like it really depends on how this four-hour candle closes So let's see where's the G the SMT so right here Yeah, I see the SMT for sure a good eye So yeah, there could have been a cell up in this area
I don't know how you would have really caught it unless you just marketed, but actually, no, no, right here. Could have taken a sell based off that right there. Fair value you got. SMT is fire. It really is. But for those wondering what I'm talking about, see how we made a higher high on the pound right here? We made a higher high.
But then correlating asset which is the euro dollar did not make a higher high So we know that the higher high is often manipulation And we look to enter shorts based off that you don't pair that with other stuff too, but having a short of look something like this Range or you could take it farther. I mean, I honestly try to target them down here or even farther, you know, if you're basing off the higher timeframes, but Low-hanging fruit would have been just this range low or one of these lows
But it looks like it's drawn towards that. That's a great example of why you got to look at both pairs because, you know, at GU, I was saying, okay, you know, I wouldn't really trade this right here at this moment. But if you look at Euro dollars, there's a very clear S&T. So you could look for sales on the Euro. And that also goes along with this move to the upside of this fair value gap. That would begin to bring the Euro dollar and the pound down.
Ethereum I was gonna get a higher somebody asked Question when high impact news hits. Do you base your trades on what it does? No
definitely not um you want to just watch for i mean well i i guess i in a way you know i mean like not i'm not gonna say like oh cpi was bullish and price pumped up i'm gonna buy but i will look at it like okay what kind of liquidity do we attack um you know what was my out my bias beforehand you know was i already
I already bullish or was I bearish? If I'm bearish and we take out a bunch of highs and start to reverse, that will give me more confidence to be bearish. So for ETH, I've got a pretty simple plan. I think we're drawing up into this high right here, 1679. It would be nice if we could push down into this fair value gap on a daily chart. I think that's where you'll get that. And again, this would go with DXY making some form of push into its fair value gap.
So overall bullish on crypto pretty much right now. I mean, don't don't go and be like, oh, he said to buy crypto right now. It's not what I'm saying. But, um, yeah, I think that, uh, you know, I look at this from a power of three standpoint. It's clear as fuck. I mean, you know, what do you look for the power of three? You look for a range that manipulation into a higher timeframe point of interest, monthly fair value gap at optimal trade entry.
We have a range manipulation in a higher time frame point of interest and a sharp I mean if you I call that a sharp move back to the range. I don't know about you, but You know, let's use this still so I mean Sharp pushback to the range now. We shouldn't fall back into the range, but we've got so much here like to me
You know, I know a lot of people are looking at this like there's they're very bearish and crypto and they're just seeing this they're just seeing You know, we got a high here and a low here. We're more bearish. We didn't close above it bearish I'm shorting the lows and you might be right. But what I see is a ton of imbalances That are gonna be a problem for you trying to short. I mean, it's not just gonna do I don't think I say that and then we'll hear that Binance collapse tomorrow or something but You know
I would be looking for consolidation in these fair value gaps, you know, so that's more where I'm at with crypto
I think it's also counter to what the general public sees as well, which is always a plus. 25.2 to me is the target for crypto. And a lot of people, like I was talking to somebody yesterday, something that a lot of you guys probably may know, but on Twitter, and I was just talking to him on a DM there, like, I don't know, like, I want to say Bitcoin's going to 25K, but like, I don't know, then you end up being wrong. And I was just like, fuck, who cares?
As a trader, you're going to be wrong all the fucking time. There's this bullshit perception that you have to be right in order to win at trading or something. And that's just so far from the truth. We're not here to win or be right. We're here to make money. And you're going to be wrong. You're going to miss moves. There's just some moves you're going to catch.
It's just part of that game. So I was telling, I was like, that's, that's just sad. I like that. That's what how some people have to think because everybody's like, you get, especially on Twitter, you get a lot of people who really don't know much. Um, they just started trading the last year and that's fine. But then those same, some of those people will like cloud on people for being wrong or, you know, missing or losing a trade. And they're just really just projecting their own insecurities because anybody who's traded for any amount of time, uh, profitably understands that.
you're going to be wrong, you know, 100%. It's going to happen. It's part of the game. You're going to be wrong every week. It's just part of it. But if, you know, and if you let that, like the fear of being wrong, like rule you, like you're done, you're going to lose. You're going to lose. Just simple as that. It seems like that point of interest we talked about at the streaming. But as you, we talked, I said this before it happened. I know that people watching now are like, oh, look at hindsight. But I did say this level was good as we approached it.
Every once in a while get a message where somebody just like I'll say something in stream. I'll be like Yeah, this level looks good and then I'll get a DM later. It's like dude. I shorted from that level I was like damn I wasn't saying to do that. Hopefully someone did today Hey man, if you could talk about making ICT concepts a little mechanical that would be really helpful so That's a tricky one. It's a really good request and I think there are ways to
There are ways to make it more mechanical, you know by using market structure But the thing with ICT that is always going to be discretionary is bias and also You know where you draw your liquidity where you draw your premium discount, so
You know, I've been backtesting a lot recently and I tried to use a mechanical ICT style and it did worse than my discretionary style. That's just me being transparent. I know I talk about being mechanical a lot of the time, but as far as making an ICT strategy fully mechanical, it's kind of tough. It really is. The way you can do it though is by using structure.
And another, another big part of ICT that's hard to make mechanical is displacement because everybody, there is no, you can't define displacement. Like you can, but you can't like, you know, you can't say something's displacement and then I disagree with you and you know, neither of us are necessarily right or wrong. There's no fact, you know, like, you know, it's like two plus two is four. We can argue over that and it would be ridiculous because two plus two is four.
But with displacement, there's no nobody that's, you know, that's like even ICT. Well, I've seen I've watched for a while now and you'll watch stuff that he completely says shit backwards from other videos. He's even said stuff like you watch 2016. There's stuff in 2022 that's complete backwards of what he says back then. So you can see that, you know, your your assessment of things is completely discretionary on the situation.
what context you're operating in so I wish I could make it
as mechanical as possible, but I just structure, you know, use a structure-driven bias, and this will be a good example. So, somebody asked for USD CAD for our structure. So, let's see if we can kind of find the draw on liquidity, so to speak, on dollar CAD. Here, we'll go ahead and just delete everything. This order block is a nice area, I think. And I also like this down here, but...
So overall, I know you asked for the four hour, but I'm gonna start with a daily just to kind of operate in context over things so first thing I want to do is I want to get the daily range, you know, we can go to the weekly as well, but it's take too long so we're gonna get the daily range and
At first, we understand it's a bullish range. So the expectation is that eventually we're going to come out and take out that high. But what do we need to do that? Well, we need to clear out internal liquidity and move back down to a discount. Price has moved to a discount. But to be honest with you, I don't like this right here. It's too clean. It's too easy, so to speak. Like, yes, we came down and took out some liquidity right there. Or did we? That might even make it more valuable.
No, we didn't so it's just to me like You know, you could say this is an order block and that's where you're acted from but like for one We moved under it. We even close the day under it. So I don't I don't like that. I think we're gonna go for the lows and In this content the reason I'm doing this first is we're developing a bias How do you know what context are you gonna look at our for our and so to speak?
So overall I would say you're drawing liquidity is this right here and see I did that just with structure That's all I'm using and I'm basically in premium a discount But you know if we look to you know, we have this order block that all this down here Use this whole range. That's probably gonna go down to One of the lower candles like I like this candle because it closed under liquidity
You see right there closed under that and it's a bigger body. So that's probably the best candle but if you want to just be Liberal with your zone creation. Look at that Optimal trade entry order block right under these equal lows. I mean, it's that that's where I would be looking at Price to move to so whenever we're watching the four hour on dollar CAD, you know, I see Structure like this. So he came down made a low came up
I would say all of this is one area because, you know, yes, we took the high right here, but this to me is not a new swing. So until we close under this, this is all the same external structure to me. So when we close under it, we have a nice move down, right? So then I would say down here, this is a decent enough pullback for me. Low, high, low, high.
And then now I would say this all is the same range right here. All of this right here is the highest high in between there. So then, you know, I'm looking at this in the sense that we are bearish. So I'm expecting this for our bearish range to.
Continue now some you may be confused. You know, there's so many highs and lows he's leaving out now I'm just talking about external structure, you know, obviously there are tons of you know highs and lows here Right, but all we're really using those lows and highs to tell us is you know Are we in retracement mode or are we an expansion? So in this example, you know price at some point, you know can return to a premium which is above this blue line
and if we look at potential zones above it you know we've got a pretty clear order block right here that candle you've got that you've also got this full fill of the fair value gap and the beginning of this buy to sell range so you've got two pretty clear areas and you've also got a balanced price range right there
So, we're now developing areas we could retrace to, but has structure really given us a reason to look for that? No. So, here's your high and here's your low, right? Until you come up above this and close with some displacement, and really I'll just be looking for a closure, you know, I'm looking for lower prices. I want to continuously follow and making lower highs and lower lows. So, here we have a high and a low. Until this closed above,
we have a high probability to make lower lows. Even if we come up and spike it and then move the downside, then I think the probability is even higher. So we can go look at the four hour and you can see that's kind of our external structure in the four hour. So if we're looking at this, we've got prices traveled back well into a premium and showed the desire to move down, right? Displacement or lows, when we come back up, take out liquidity.
This place under lows trade back into and respect bearish order flow This is bearish to me So you can go and we've established for our internal structures bearish the swing structure is bearish The daily drawing liquidity is below and if we have the 15 minute we show that we're making a high or lower highs and lower lows So really if you want to be on like a day trading level you use your high timeframe bias and we can wait for price to trade into these order blocks which
If I'm just day trading off of this kind of not logic, I just would look for order box and watch like a one or a five minute for confirmation up here and trade into this low or lows along the way. So hopefully that was a good explanation.
Euro Frank, I have never maybe I haven't I've never traded it. I don't know if I ever looked at it. I guess I have Well, it seems like it followed analysis pretty well from the last time This is when I don't even know this is like months ago Let's go just clean it off get an unbiased look so overall I mean pretty clear bearish price action on the weekly Definitely traded into a
Premium, but I mean it's kind of like what did you even tap into? And you took out some monthly sell side here. So I Probably wouldn't be trading this personally just based off what I mean, I guess you've got a tiny little gap right here Again, you know, there's probably gonna be you know These buy to sell wicks right here will end up being probably a daily order block or something I guess an ugly one. Yeah, I mean, you know Pretty massive move into
This order block leaving a big imbalance the only thing that I would watch out for is a power of three scenarios So usually I would say you're going to come down this imbalance potentially see higher highs and I think that's possible but
this right here, you know, see how we're coming back into this range very sharply. You could even do something like this. Now, really, I would watch how you react to this breaker block. So if we come back into that range with force, like we were talking about Bitcoin, I would look for the low because that would be more of a power of three. Now, if we look at this breaker, right, we're just now tapping it. So price, this breaker sponsored a massive run on stops. So we know there was institutional involvement there.
Price kind of consolidated there as soon as it got above it We came back down to it and that's where we're at now So I would watch for like the one hour the four hour to start showing some bullet structure and then maybe look for longs and that's kind of Counter trend of the every that's just what I see But I probably wouldn't trade this right now just because it is so it's 50 50 But um, you know again if you come back into this range and close and have like this kind of energy into it I would stay looking for shorts if you start to reverse here. I would look for new highs oil
I don't like it a little much recently. She looks like it's gonna go higher Just off off rib so weekly We a weekly on what it looks like new highs. I'm not gonna not gonna hold you guys $30 oil Now what would I need to kind of get more confident? Really? I would look for a closure above this right here. I'm actually gonna send this
No checks, I think Robbie or somebody was talking about oil this morning. Also, I know that the Saudi government said they're open to doing business in currencies other than the US dollar, which is going to have an impact on the oil industry. But yeah, oil, overall bullish. I mean, I just think you're drawing the highs. Now, you know, to complement that, you need to get above this high. I wouldn't be just longing right here. You just took out a high right there.
Yeah, I mean you've got this high up here you could be I mean, it seems like you're drawing to this high You know, you might just reverse here because yes, and a lot of people are like this structure is both bearish and that's that is true So I'm looking at a context the daily and the weekly so You know if you don't make a higher higher than you start to see displacement down Yeah, I'd probably look for lows, but if you stay above Really anywhere like in this area where we're at honestly
Ideally, you'd want to reverse here, but I don't think you will. I think you'll go a little lower. Could be wrong, but...
Yeah, I mean again, it's at that pivotal time where I'd be waiting for a closure above of this right here. In the internal level, if you're just looking at like short-term highs, you know, yeah, we're making higher highs and higher lows for a little bit, and then it gets taken out. So that's why I like to use this kind of structure if we're talking about, you know, are we in expansion mode or are we in retracement? Because yes, the daily is bearish. If we look at the daily external range, I'd say it's something like this right here.
right for one we really never traveled to a premium of that even so that would lead us to look for um highs if we get above that high and then on top of that yes we're bearish but look at the weekly you know the weekly to me is pretty bullish that that is bullish to me so um you know we'll see how it goes but what is this fed said to cut interest rates by end of 2023 this is oh it's just an economist saying that never mind bud bud bud i'm just kidding
but um yeah i think oil could see another run soon especially too like what i always like to think of is like think like the opposite side of the market like if you were bearish on oil right now you're saying short it because you've got support or resistance right here you know what i mean so that's another another added plus to that one hour euro dollar yeah we can take another peek at it we did look at it once
ready but um smt with gu gu made a higher high it did not despite the downside so you know you took out the target it'd be that low but you could you could definitely even go lower to be quite honest
You know what I would be doing right here is waiting for a retrace in a five minute or like some lower time frame. I'd wait for a short term high or an intermediate term high to be taken and move back up into a premium before selling off more. And again, once it gets back to a premium, I would watch price action there as well. But I think you missed the move of the day on Euro today. It's safe to say that. Like any day, like it's like noon and this happens, like you miss the move of the day.
Most of the time, you know, I mean like and that's okay. That's totally fine like it. It's not that other world like and Understanding when that happens is going to be paramount to consistency psychologically and financially because
If you get into the market when the move of the day has already happened, you end up forcing stuff. You just do. Like you literally just, it happens. You start forcing stuff and you get burnt out in a trade. And you, you know, it's all bad. So usually if you don't catch the move of the morning for Forex, like if you're trading New York, if you don't catch the move at like, you know, between 8 and 10 a.m.
You know most of the time you missed it almost all the time same with anything like if I think that if I had Only watch the markets in the morning like I do now if I had done that a Long time ago I would have a lot more money because it's just you just get the quality setups almost always happen Almost always happen before lunch
Being out of the market in a very short amount of time. You don't need 10 or you know you just need nice two to three hour setups like that and that will make you a lot of money Just thinking me if you would have been in the market like look at 930 a nice displacement down if you were watching GU SMT Traded right back in that fair value gap after the races You're taking profits off any of these lows, but it's major low here. Let's see questions
Oh, I'm sorry. I just now I've got these notifications out of like, yeah, if you don't tag me, I don't, it doesn't alert me. I've actually got a vertical monitor so I can see everything at once. I'll be able to see like StreamYard, Discord, and my charts. So USDCAD, okay, I guess we already got that. Dusk. You know, Dusk is one that, like a higher timeframe perspective. Okay, never mind, here we go. Oh shit, you can tell it's been a while since I did TA on that. Some ugly ass charts.
So, this is an ugly ass chart. Speaking of, you know, we took out these lows. Yeah, I mean, I'm not really wanting to look too short crypto right now. But, you know, if Death was up here and the market was looking sus, I would, you know, like a move. But I think that's what it's drawing towards up here, this candle. So I would trade the four. I mean, this is questionable price action. I'll leave it at that.
The next value area would be like down there, but I wouldn't touch this. It's just too much, too much nastiness. APT is going to be the same most likely if this is the coin I'm thinking of. Yeah, I mean, there might be more data on something else. Yeah, see, it's like, anything looks like that is just a big no-no for me personally.
it doesn't necessarily look like it wants to fall too much though just this is 50 50. i wouldn't even trade this just because i mean if anything has this little of data you know it's been out for three months i'm good because this is not much to go off of like you don't even really have structure i mean you do but you know it's not the same i think it's just you're putting yourselves at a at a higher chance to fail by trading these kind of coins
File coin you guys in the discord. No, we already got into some file point. I think that file points bullish You know, we really we did take out this
So there's two potential setups. I see your file coin now Just the power of three you guys see this is kind of like, you know more of a moon boy You're targeting up here, but it's definitely possible. It could add something like this Right. We are might have already taken the target. Who knows? The reason I look for higher is just because of where cryptos out as a whole but
I think we're going to drop to that 5.22 level. And then another thing I see is a market maker model on the daily. So we have this consolidation up here, which would be your original consolidation. Your run to support, so to speak. And then down here, you have the smart money reverse, but it's not the prettiest. But you're taking out those short-term highs and intermediate-term highs of displacement. Your bullish order flow is respected. Buy side liquidity is targeted.
You know, I could do some consolidation, maybe push up higher. So overall bullish on Filecoin. GBP, JPY, and that'll be the last one I do today. I haven't looked at GJ in a minute. Damn, I should have been looking at it. Smacked off these levels.
I mean, I think you're going down. They got interest rates tonight, too. Be careful trading this. Like, I wouldn't even trade this tonight. They got Bank of Japan news tonight, which is always fucked. This is the last time we had Bank of Japan news. That was a more volatile subject they were talking about.
I would say, you know, once you spike this low, I would look for probably start to maybe move up a little bit just because you have all this up here. You have it mitigated. And, you know, you might get that three drive where you get that first push down, second. And then if you start to see bullish order flow, I would wait for the news, though, to see how that comes out. And I'm not saying to trade off of the news, but wait and see the kind of liquidity that's attacked because you never know what's going to happen here.
Yeah, the weekly range is pretty crazy. So, uh, you know, just, um, there's tons of liquidity down here, too. I would just wait for that interest rate decision, but overall structure is bearish. Zone to watch is this order block up here. Also, actually, I would watch this right here, this candle. That whole area right there. And I'll set an alert for that, actually.
I'd watch the 15-minute for like a displacement break structure the downside then look to frame cells around that especially if you haven't taken out the low here that would be ideal oh alpha I got you on that one and then that actually will be the last one oh shit off this boom and put all the harmonic on here type 3 reaction bro I mean honestly probably this would have been oh no no yeah I'm gonna shark
This does look good though. I mean, this looks really good. No, actually. Holy shit, where is all this from? This is like old. We've got a crazy fucking alpha play a long time ago. I played it like 2020 shit. Pretty big drop there. I'm actually going to add this. I like this chart on my time frames a lot. So what I'm going to do is I'll add this. I'm just going to wait for Crypto to kind of chill for a second. I'm not going to look pretty short, but...
I like this chart. Specifically, I like this imbalance right there. I'm just going to set an alarm for that. There, it'd probably be an equity play. No need for leverage on that, but I'm not going to just set limits again, but I think this is overall bullish.
So I'll be waiting for retracement to a higher time frame point of interest and look for the hourly the four hour to give me some bullish impulses and then I'll get along Yeah, I think I was spot by if it comes down there, but you can you can do leverage like leverage is such a mirage You know 10x $200 on 10x the same as $2,000 on equity it just gives you more of a dopamine hit because of the interface and then
you know, you have the risk of getting liquidated and stuff, but in leverage, like for instance, like people about what, what leverage should I take this call on? And I'm like,
It doesn't matter like if you like if you're saying like up to high leverage, it's like no to high position size Leverage literally means how much money you borrowing? Not how much you risking like, you know, somebody who's trading on 100x And there's a guy trading on 20x in the same trade. They got 20x could very well be reaching a risking 10 times as much You know, I mean it's all about, you know, what's your margin like how much money do you have risked in the trade? Like again like
If you have $200 on 10X, that's $2,000 basically. Or if you have $10 on 100X, obviously you're risking more with the 10X. Sorry, I'm confusing the fuck out of you guys. But hopefully that made sense. But yeah, that's all for today. I really appreciate you guys coming through. If you'd like to get signals like we called today on ES.
Super clean nice nice signal Overall just beautiful price action, too. I love days like this But if you're gonna get signals like that directly and not just education for free on YouTube You can start a free trial to play bit the link is in the description use the code cast for all caps it gets you seven day free trial and Also, I teach my private education there as well. So if
If not, I will see you guys on Thursday. And yeah, I appreciate it. If you could like, comment, subscribe, do all that good shit, that'd be highly appreciated. But until later, I'll see you. Peace.
