What's up? What's up? I'm going to give everybody a second to get in here. I know there's some people that were already joined and stuff and on YouTube, but I just want to make sure that I give everybody a chance to get in. I know there's some people. I'm sleepy today. I don't know why. It's Friday night. I'm like an old man. Bitcoin's kind of just been moving. It's not really even coming down and mitigating some of these zones, which is not...
necessarily like i still have interest in this zone down here but it's not really healthy movement to the upside which kind of um i i mean yeah it's great but i don't like the way that we're just moving leaving tons of inefficiencies what that tells me for is that we're just hunting liquidity and then we'll see a pretty hard down move um not necessarily changing any bias of course on a higher time frame but and this is kind of um
getting more and more normal with crypto. It's just not really, it's leaving tons of inefficiencies along the way on lower timeframes, which usually those will come back down and get filled. And whenever we're starting to pump, for instance, like over here, this is what you want to see. We come down and fill the inefficiency and then continue. Once you start to see this kind of movement, we get this, we get the same thing on the way down.
What I'm looking for here, and you guys know I don't really trade on the weekends too much. I want this 15-minute zone down here to get mitigated, but the problem with that is the four-hour internal structure is pretty tight. It's not really giving much room for any kind of retracement and to fill any of these gaps. Once we come down and change that, the four-hour is switching bearish again.
We really want to see more of a healthy trend, in my opinion, on the way up. Going into the weekend, too, you're going to see price action move a little weird. That's whenever we usually see some pretty volatile moves.
And we came up, this was our initial four hour change of character. Price came back down into this zone, launched off, literally never came back down and mitigated anything. Not really. And if you use a four hour zone for entry down here, or if you're watching, we were going over yesterday, you could have watched the five minute and everything changed really fast, right? There was somewhat of a mitigation here and pushed up.
I really wanted us to come down and fill these areas of demand because price is just leaving a lot of voids. The main zone that I have my eye on is going to be this zone right here at $2,308, and that's on the perps chart. I had marked this. Earlier today, I wanted to take longs from this zone, but again, it's just...
Really fickle price actually because you have this this last order block price comes down front runs it all monitor price here if I'm You know up and on the computer around it. I've got my daughter this weekend, so I probably won't be trading too active But you know, you could watch this zone as well because we got this low right here front running it
Why is my mouse loading? Okay, there we go. Got that low front running, this zone right here that never got mitigated and a little fair value gap there. This, oh, that's a difference. But that would be the main point of interest I would keep an eye on if you're looking to maybe scalp something for today. But overall, where I see the value is going to be under this sell side liquidity at around $20,308 down into the bottom of this wick. If you break that, next up would be down in this area.
But overall, not a very healthy up move, in my opinion. What it seems like is we're just hunting liquidity, which that's good in the sense that it'll push us to the upside, but it's not really displaying a healthy trend. We're coming down and quickly mitigating orders. Usually what happens when you see that is price will push up, and then it'll fall just as equally as hard. But we'll monitor that more.
review some of the price action on indices so those of you who are in the discord and got the draw on liquidity class you guys will see exactly what I'm talking about if you paid attention and have been studying so look what happened with a swing high form here and what did I tell you guys as soon as we form that and I don't mean swing structure because you know here's our swing high here's our swing low from a swing structure standpoint but when we are looking at candle structure we're looking for a simple four candle pattern
where we have one candle with a high and then one to the left of it, you know, if we're talking about highs, one to the left of it with a lower high and then two lower highs consecutively, right? So when that happens, it's going to, price is going to rush towards the next draw on liquidity, whether it's a fair value gap, right here, rush into it and then start to reverse, right? And then we came up, where did we go next? Fair value gap.
Where did we go after that? Because we had no fair value gap to fill here. So once you have no fair value gap, you're going to go for lows. What happened? I was looking back at this. I really wanted Bitcoin to hold a demand zone here. But now I see that SPY or SPX, these were hunting lows. So you're going to see Bitcoin kind of just stumble along the path with the S&P a lot of the time, especially with big movements like that. So I think that's what caused the volatility in Bitcoin. And SPY was just on its course. So we came down.
took out the lows and now you know we're seeming we haven't like formed it because remember we need another candle to our low than this one after that i'm looking for these highs right here at a minimum if not these highs in the weekly drawn liquidity which we still haven't really we've got a clean a little bit of a pattern here so we got you know candle right here we had two candles right after it so we have got that weekly swing low that would lean us to look for the weekly drawn liquidity
which this can be a much more choppy path since it's a weekly chart. You know, each one of these candles of seven days is going to be a lot of up and down movement and you can still close up. You know, for instance, last week we closed up and last week was pretty.
Pretty volatile throughout the days. You know, if you're looking at just like a four hour chart, you know, a lot of people got paid off shorts here. But at the end of the day, the week ended up closing up. Big push coming into close today, which is that's always a bullish sign. We're still in this supply zone. So far, this just seems like supply exhaustion. Right. But this is a pretty valid zone sweep zone that obviously caused a huge break of structure.
and it was front ran by this low so we've swept some liquidity and then now we're kind of hovering around this zone we really need to get above this if we get above this i mean i'm looking for the highs no question
So coming into next week, you always want to develop your bias going into the week. Those of you who trade Bitcoin over the weekend, that's a little different. You're going to see price action move because we all know crypto is 24-7. But with equity markets and Forex, you're going to want to establish your bias coming into the next week on the weekend a lot of the time. So I'm going to be coming into next week pretty bullish for S&P.
I'll be looking for probably a flush to the downside to take out some liquidity. But overall, you know, our bias will be to accumulate longs whenever the daily candle is lower than it opened. So, for instance, we open on Monday. Price rushes down here. Everybody's going to be bearish. What's price doing? You know, it's just coming down here and swooping all this liquidity up. Let's just say we make a big push. Right. Everybody's going to try to go short here. We know what happens then. Right. Price starts to push up.
Going into next week for indices, I'm pretty bullish. We'll look for those big liquidity rates to position ourselves. For Bitcoin, my strategy here, because we have established our daily bias and really the target is going to be this high up here. It's the main, any trades I'd be getting in, that would be the final target. I mean, I'd take most of the trade off before then, but this is really our draw on liquidity at this point. Also following daily structure.
We do have this fair value gap. That's right, actually. Now, this would be our draw on liquidity. I apologize. But we have this daily strike. Yes, okay. Well, we are bearish. This is our swing range.
But once we get a change of character, especially followed by another, you want to look for a daily pullback to ensue. So if we're going to pull back, we look for it to pull back into a premium, which premium is, let's see, 25K.
We want to look for a pullback at least to that level, although I wouldn't just open along and hold all the way there. Your objective as a trader is to develop a bias, and all the noobs, and no offense, I don't mean to sound like a dick, but all the people that are new to trading, they're just like, oh, buy here and hold till there. Well, let's just look at what that would look like. If you're just going to say, I'm going to buy here, where's your stopwatch going to be? I don't know, under the major low.
we're going to hold to 25k you know make one one r all right so it's not about catching the bottom and holding all the way up and while that's pretty to flex um a lot of traders do that the the best way to utilize this information is to establish a bias and look intraday um for and a good entry and then kind of take you know get in and get out on the way up there because at the end of the day you're playing a pullback where bearish is absolute
on a macro perspective, right? Now I know we've gone over it in the macro video and I've talked about it on Twitter. I do think we're going to see a pullback up to like around 26K in this fair value gap, but I'm not going to trade the same as if I were trading with the trend. I think everybody should have a little bit different of a trade management approach whenever you're going against the odds, so to speak, when you're going against the trend, right? Because we know that, you know,
When we're trending and we're looking to get in a position, we're going to look to try to get these lower highs and just target the weak low. But when we're trading a pullback, we're going to see much more of a choppy movement to the upside. It's not going to just be a straight up move.
Sorry, I'm over here. My cat's over here. Can't tell if he's like, has a hairball or what? Sorry, guys. So when we're playing this counter trend movement and all this over here, we're not going to look to just try to catch along right here and hold all the way up to where we think we're going to pull back to. Let's just say our demand zone's over here. What the hell is this cat doing? Can't tell if he's good or not. It's acting like he's got a hairball. Sorry, guys.
All right, buddy. But we want to catch, you know, intraday moves and get good entries. And we want to take, you know, maybe take a long here, take off at the high here. Because, you know, what's going to happen if you just try to hold to Valhalla? You're going to come down here. Most people are going to sell on the way down, only to watch it go up without them. You want to get in on the intraday movements. You know, the value in developing a daily bias does not come from YOLOing into a position and just holding it till we get to whatever target you have. That's kind of a...
beginner approach in my opinion what you want to do is find entries and then ride them up to you know main liquidity targets like for instance here
You know, say if I was looking to long Bitcoin from this zone earlier. Right. But we moved away from it quite abruptly. Right. I was right when we broke structure here and I can break this down for why I want to do this. Whenever I establish, you know, we're against the four hour trend, we're against the daily trend, you know, basically against any trend of substance on a higher time frame. I'm not going to not trade until.
you know we're only trading with the four hour trend just wait till we get up here short you know nothing wrong with that but if let's just say i believe we're going to come up to this poi right this is what i refined that you see this box is refined from this candle and we have the draw on liquidity right here if i believe that price is going to this area i'll just trade the m15 up to it so if i come into the day and i identify you know what our swing structure is like for instance you know before it was this right here
i was looking in this zone right here right because you know we would want price to come back down into a here put that backwards
back down into a premium in a healthy trend you want price to come back down into a pre or i'm sorry i'm saying it backwards so i'm going to confuse the new guys but coming into a discount and mitigate these um these demand zones right if you want because here's the thing what's going on in these zones is the algorithms are creating sellers they're inducing sellers so that they can buy more positions to break structure so
This is what you call a flip zone. Again, this is something we've gone over in the private classes.
We have supply over here in these wicks. We know that there was supply here. The reason we know that is because there was a break of structure. We know that if there's ever a break of structure, there was supply that caused it. We can mark the whole range. We can mark the wick. You can refine it in all these different ways. We don't really need to refine here because we're not using it to trade. We just know there's supply here. We see price came up, reacted to it, didn't get a closure above it.
pip the highs but we see price reacted to it and shot down and then more orders were injected into the market to push us through so what's happening here is smart money is going to create sellers so they have somebody to buy from because they're not like you and i where you can just
Push by there has to be enough sellers for you know the size position. They want that is necessary to Carry out something like this right here at the break of structure So they create sellers by selling so they induce fear into the market. So what happens here on this big down move?
they're buying, right? So what causes markets to expand like this is just a simple inefficiency between supply and demand. So let's just say price is in a range and it's just bouncing around, right? And now on that 15 minute candle, right? Just this little box on a one minute, that's a range, right? On a one minute, this is a range.
And on a 15 second, it's going to be a range. I know this sounds ridiculous, but the formula that we're using here is applicable across different timeframes. You don't have to just look at it. Everybody just looks at it like, oh, what range is that? We just have a daily range or this and that. And maybe that's what we use to trade. But whenever price delivery is determining where price needs to go in order to...
satisfy orders and reach equilibrium, reach a happy place where, you know, there's a balance, it's going to account for, okay, how many orders are there on the sell side and how many orders are there on the buy side here? And when there's an inefficiency, it's going to expand to where there's not an inefficiency. So that's what causes what you call a pump or a dump.
You know, smart money, once they push down and they come, they liquidate or induce shorts or liquidate, peel all their longs, scare people where it just creates selling. There's just selling here. So retail selling, smart money buys it up in that down candle. And then once all of the selling interest has been removed from the market and smart money has injected buy orders, right?
basically injecting a ton of buys all through here the algorithms are it's not a person you know they're trading in very in and out positions or just injecting spamming orders into the market and while some of them got filled
Some didn't. And then we also have the shorts that they have open in these areas. So, you know, because they're selling here. So now what happens? Now, they're net long. So most of their positions are long and they're in the green all the way up through here. Right. So price is kind of doing its thing. So then what? Why do we use this zone over here? Well, look, they've got a ton of cells that the only reason they even use these cells, it was never to profit off them.
It was to basically create an opportunity for them to buy. So we're expecting when price comes down to these areas, right, into this demand zone, we call it demand, because they span a lot of orders that they were expecting to get filled, and they have these sell orders that need to get mitigated. That's why you hear the term mitigation. So then price is coming down into this area, and how do we confirm that? Now, you can just set an order here.
go long, you know, stop loss under, you know, maybe wherever you put it under the mitigation zones, good under a recent low, whatever strategy you have, but we know that, you know, you could just set orders there, but what we can do to ensure a little more of a higher strike rate and refine our risk reward is we can wait for price to come into this zone and get breaks of structure. Then you've got a new demand zone and this same occurrence is happening throughout all timeframes, whether it's five.
day, four day, whatever you want to call it. Price isn't, it doesn't necessarily know time. Like institutions are not looking at a four hour chart and saying like, yeah, bullish swing structure. No, that's not how it works. They're seeking liquidity. So, or creating it. So once price and, you know, once the algorithms have cleared, you know, kind of, they've cleared all the selling interest out of the market and they inject buys, price is going to expand. So that's why we look too long off of.
Demand zones. That's why we call them demand zones. Order blocks is another word for it. Whatever. That's basically the same thing. I will say with demand zones, order blocks is your last candle. But we all know. For instance, a lot of people would say,
this is a demand zone because you use the whole internal range. Now, I don't really do this. Now you can see in this example, it worked, but I've found a lot of inconsistency here because yes, it worked here, but a lot of times price will do this and then it'll come down because you have these inefficiencies, this fair value gap right here and price will give you your trigger, break of structure, and then it'll just come down to the real area. And that's no fun. That happens a lot.
I don't really use ranges that much unless I'm on a very low timeframe. But in this instance, let's look. Okay, 15-minute range here. Well, on a one-hour, it's going to be order block. Perfectly. So there's no, you know, right timeframe or, you know.
Yes, this one hour order box mitigated, but this 15 minute is not. Now I've found, and you can even go further and say, okay, well on this last down move, where did the action really begin? You could even refine it if you wanted down to this last candle called an institutional candle. Now some argue not to do that. I've found that if there's a really big difference, like for instance, if this candle right here was way up here, I would refine it. But when they're this close, I kind of just use the last down candle.
the 15 minute almost always gets mitigated. Like you'll see the one hour, the four hour get reacted to, and you'll get a light reaction. Then it comes up and rushes on that liquid. Like for instance, let's just look back at some examples. So let's just go right this last can before the down move. Cause yeah, this is a valid surprise. And so let's just see price obviously reacted to it here.
So now let's go back. I like to go from a four hour to a one hour, then a 15 minute. So let's go and refine it. And you can see really quickly how much smaller of a zone you'll get. So you can refine it and say, maybe there's a couple zones here. Maybe it's this zone. You could maybe say it's this up here. You could combine them all together. You could say maybe this zone down here hadn't been tapped. You can kind of break it up. Now, then you look, okay, well, it's probably not that zone because that's...
Whenever you're looking at that four hour and we have this whole zone drawn, this is what you're seeing actually be mitigated. So everybody leads to believe, okay, all the supply is mitigated. Just not the case. That's why I try to teach people to look at this from a practical perspective and not be so technical and not say, oh, well, Casper, that four hour order box mitigated. It's not a good zone anymore. Notice that this didn't even happen in that candle. You're just using this as a gauge to plot this zone.
So you kind of want to look at it from a more practical standpoint, and look what happened. Price came up and did tap into that 15-minute zone or one-hour zone. Probably refined it to a 15-minute as well. My tip here would be to look at the zones where price really saw displacement after. So two stand out here to me. I'd say this, and I'd say this right here. So I want to see if this is where it bounced off of.
And we didn't, so we haven't tapped into these zones. See, that's why I like to, you know, refine stuff because yeah, on the one hour we did tap into the zone. If we go back, we can just draw it on that whole last candle. But oftentimes you're going to see that we'll end up coming into this area, right? We might get a reaction. We might not, especially whenever you get a high that front runs it. So, um,
Like this zone down here, the reason I like it is that exact logic is that price really didn't mitigate all the orders here. This is where the selling stop and the buying began. The price never came down. But what did happen was inducement.
All right. Which is just these nice clean lows right above your zone. To me, that's just like it makes a zone more valuable. It's like if you have a car that you kept in a garage all its life or something, that zone is just more valuable to me. Now, that doesn't mean I'll just YOLO from it, but it does mean that I will pay it more attention than, you know, maybe a zone like this down here. Right.
So with Bitcoin, you know, overall, I really would like to see us come back down into here before we come up and tap these areas. Because while this reaction is super nice, it's strong, it's not healthy because we're not mitigating. So if the market maker, you got to think about it from like a market maker perspective. If a market maker is doing this and they are just having these sell orders, you know, sit and they're pushing price far away from it. What do you think? Why do you think they're OK to do that?
because they're going to tank everything. Now, maybe they tank it back down to this, who knows, right? But my point is, you want to see, if you want to see a healthy trend, you want to see kind of like what we saw more so down in this area, where it happens extremely fast. All right, we went over on stream yesterday, we came down, mitigated a zone, swept lows, came up, introduced new demand, respected the demand. And then in this timeframe, you saw that low timeframe accumulation, or in this, I said this timeframe, this zone, right?
I kind of wish I would have been watching Bitcoin this morning. I was trading, or not this morning, but the morning this occurred, which was yesterday. I was trading indices. It was a crazy day in the stock market as well. But this was a pretty nice setup. I can't even say I would have taken it because at the end of the day, I would have looked at this like, yeah, we got to break a structure. But it's like, where is your demand a wick? I don't really use the fractal demand that much. So it's an interesting little price model.
Definitely one for like the case study. I actually put a picture of it in my Notion. But yeah, so for Bitcoin at this point, I'm watching this zone. Let me look at ETH. ETH on the other hand, did ETH actually, oh my God, ETH came up to the fucking highs? Wow. That's crazy. I did not realize that ETH moved like that today. I mean, I knew it moved, but I haven't really looked at charts much. Hmm. This looks like potential little. It's an alert up here.
Hold on one second. What's up, baby? My daughter's in here. Your red towel. The watermelon towel? It's in there. I remember daddy's working in case it's really important. Can you... No, no, baby. You know where it's at, okay? I love you. Sorry, guys. You haven't been looking for her. Let me help her with this towel so she won't have my head on a stick. The towel has been secured. It's literally like sitting right in front of her. But, um...
So what I was saying about ETH is we've came up above this four-hour structure and broke down into 15-minute.
It's not really pulling back into this zone. It's kind of just going. That's, again, like, fucking crypto, bro. We'll see. I'll set alert for it, though, because for me, you know, there's like the trigger for your idea, but it really never came back up into the zone. You could have used this whole zone right here, I guess, to be fair.
and then waited for a five minute to change bearish. So I'm going to mark a couple zones because let's see. So that would have been five minute change of character up here. The flip zone would have been right here. It's kind of just jumping the gun though. Like I wouldn't have done it this way probably if I'd have been watching this live. Eating though. Yeah, if this,
This returns up to that 15-minute zone. I'll refine this. I would look for a cell if it does before it moves too far away, but it's not looking like it wants that. I won't watch that zone.
because usually what i'd want to see is price to come down you know tip this right here or pip that ideally see a closure but you know if you move down with volume like this i'd consider that change of character on a 15 minute and then see price return back up into this zone and then see the five minute go bearish and the one minute go bearish and that's kind of the reason like i haven't really been paying as much attention to cryptos because it's just moving really like sloppy um there's entries if you trade like a higher time frame but
I found the indices are moving a little bit cleaner, like NOS and stuff. It's been giving nice entries today. Bitcoin's definitely holding up better than Ethereum is, that's for sure. Maybe we'll see Tokyo dump. I'll mark an alert for this zone as well. Fan of playing zones that inefficiencies above them, but if we could get a 5-5 minute to return here and then go bearish, and then the 1 minute, I'd look for sales.
Or even really the five minute. I've actually considered not even using less than a five minute for crypto because I think it's just so time consuming for the amount of entries you get because you get this kind of stuff happening. It's almost better to just trade like a 15 minute or a five minute at the least because you end up spending so much time on the charts for it to not give you that one minute confirmation.
Seems like all cryptos are going to provide nice little short setups here if they can return to their areas. I actually like this price action here. I want to see what the risk reward would look like to trade the five minute with this one. Probably got to pip that. Probably actually would take it down into the four hour and see what the inefficiencies are. Probably just take it out of that first zone. The first take profit on this gets hit though. Before it hits the zone, I'd cancel it.
Somebody said show the cat on Discord. I just now saw that. ETH is going to be nice if that retraces a little bit. I've seen a lot of times this will happen and then you get these entries right here and they move really fast, but then price will come back up to this institutional candle before the initial impulsive move. A lot of the time, you could even maybe refine it higher, but I'll just leave the 15. I'll set that alert.
I'll watch this zone. I don't think I'll probably take a trade from it. I just don't like how far down in the range it is. Especially when I'm looking at it, it's not swing structure, but I look at it from the impulsive move. Say if we just reverse up here. I've seen zones like this work for sure, but I don't want to play something that's not in a premium of the impulse swing.
I just can't make myself do it. But I will watch price of this area just to kind of study it and see how it moves. Because if anything, this would be a flip zone on the lower timeframes because you came down to this demand in this wick, kind of reacted to it here, and then that's where it failed. So those zones can be high value, but I prefer them to be in a premium of the range. Also, somebody requested euro dollar. And what's that, MILF? Full port shorts.
People that don't know that his name is Milf and Discord are like, what did he just say? I don't care which feed I have. Eurodollar. So yeah, this is why I had a good friend ask me if they wanted to short this lesson. I was like, no sir, do not. But let's look at this paired up with DXY. All right, I'm going to do a top over. Let's go to a one hour on both charts.
I want to see, there's no divergence really here, but I want to show you guys where there was divergence at some point. Let's say it was, yeah, right here. So this is something we went over, another thing we went over in the private classes. Whenever you see, for those that don't know, DXY is just the dollar index, like the US dollar strength. So you can use...
It paired with assets that are, you know, against it, anything with USD at the end of it, like your USD, Bitcoin, you know, yes and tether counts or the stock market, anything that has any high amount of money. Now, you don't want to go use this strategy on like Elon and you moon coin, but you can use it on any market that has institutional involvement. So you want to see a correlation here, you know, like for instance.
Right here if you notice Euro dollar started to make lower lows here. Mainly this one here. I'm going to focus on this one to make it pretty clear. So see how we made a lower low right there. Now this isn't swing structure. It's just internal structure. We just made a lower swing, a pivot point. So if you notice at that same exact time.
You know, I could, you can see curses on both screens. So look, right here is about the same time down into here. You shouldn't see that. So what that tells you, if the dollar is falling and euro is also falling, that is, now some people will just use the highs. Like for instance, they'll say, you know, just the highs. And you can still see that there was a slight divergence here. This made a much higher high while this also made a higher high.
So any kind of divergence like that, what that tells you is that smart money is either accumulating or distributing the asset. So if you see a divergence from the assets, highs and lows against the dollar index, you can say that the reason you're seeing that divergence is because this is just a liquidity rate. So if we can look, what happened? Price starts rallying on your own dollar.
So we have that divergence that says, okay, well, this is the euro versus the US dollar. There's a shitload of money pumped through that every day. So if the dollar is showing signs of weakness and this is also showing signs of weakness, you can say that this asset's being accumulated and this sign of weakness is actually just a liquidity hunt and it's stopping out institutions or large scale traders in order to take their liquidity to go long.
Just want to start off with that now
Looking at our monthly price delivery with Eurodollar, we want to look at the most recent order block going with this trend, which we're obviously bearish. So that's going to be your most recent bearish order block. So we want to look left for the most recent order block that has a high that's lower than this candle's low. So if we look, it's just going to last down candle.
through like this got traded through it hasn't been mitigated either right price as soon as it traded through it we didn't really see a full mitigation of it um do a pink line here as well so um came very close to the bottom of this range this is going to be your monthly price delivery range where we're between those two order blocks and out we know that institutions enter the market heavily in this area
So we're going to use this as kind of a range that hasn't really been formed yet by structure, but we know that this is the two levels of monthly price delivery that we're sitting between.
So, with that being said, we also know that we're extremely bearish on a daily time frame. We've got a break of structure right here. Swing structure being this. So, at some point we're expecting a pullback after this break of structure. Now, how can we tell when that pullback is going to happen when we get a daily change of character? Right? We're down at these levels. We could see one more flush out even. I'm not opposed to that. But overall, you know...
there's a lot of stuff going on with the european union with their energy crisis so that's definitely played a part in this but a lot i mean you call me crazy i know you're like that doesn't make sense you know i'm not saying that that the energy crisis is you know to dump the euro usd pair but i am saying the institutions are going to take advantage of that promise you so you know if we know that
A lot of larger scale institutions knew this was going to happen. It's just something that's new to you and I or new to some people because they get their news off of television. These institutions that are heavily involved with billions and billions and billions of dollars in these markets, they know when these kind of things are going to happen before they happen. It's not like the energy crisis was just overnight. As soon as the sanctions were imposed, that was just on the way. And more to it. But anyways.
you know everybody and all institutions that were long on this most of them are probably liquidated at this point on those positions they're out of those positions so we're looking for price to kind of give us a show us that it wants to go higher the way it's going to do that is if this daily internal structure breaks now if that breaks that's also our four hour swing structure and then we can look to
bid long it's the same thing that's happened on bitcoin and a lot of pairs that are denominated by the dollar so hasn't happened yet but what we would look for is price to you know bust through here come back down mitigate this zone we can refine that obviously and then start to move to the upside back into that premium of that daily range which is all the way up here
Maybe it's all the way up to this area. I don't know. Again, it's kind of like Bitcoin. We're not going to try to YOLO it all the way up there, but we can develop a bias that price is going to return at least to fill some of these gaps and then catch the intraday movements on the way up. Now, we already got a four-hour change of character right here because we came down.
We were already in a bearish trend. So when we were coming down, we had a high right here. Came down, took the low. Each candle took each other's low. We didn't right here. So this became a new high. That was taken, but short-lived as we got this huge liquidity rate on CPI day and inflation day. So when that happens, we push down. Now we have a new structure, right? This is going to be our most recent high. You could even be a little more picky and say this if you'd like, but I'm going to be more aggressive with it.
wonder if this is an inside bar no it's not but um we can look at that as our most recent high and then price we can mark this entire zone which we know that that's not how i do things but you could say that there was demand in that area then you can move it to the last down candle and this is where refining really comes in so now look what you have
Now, people say, oh, it's just a four hour order block. You don't want to play off that. I'm not playing, or I'm sorry, people are going to say it's just a 15 minute order block and that you don't want to play off that. But in reality, it's not. It's refined from a four hour or a daily order block. So I'm going to look at this zone pretty heavily if we can get above this high up here. I'll still look at it heavily, even if price comes down from where we're at now.
But for me, for 4X, I'm not forcing much, especially with fucking USD-dominated pairs, because everything is just insane right now. I think DXY is definitely due for a pullback, and it's in the zone that it, you know, we could expect that. But, you know...
We want to wait. We don't want to try to predict. So I think right now, crypto is starting to gain some strength. If we can come down and show some healthy mitigation and then bullish structure, I will look to bid long and play those longs up. The AVAX short, I like the setup. You saw the target. It's not holding it to the pits. But overall, I want to look for areas to catch longs on the majors like Bitcoin, Ethereum.
Solana, BNB, stuff like that. But I think it needs some more time to develop. Indices going into the next week, this is where I really think your focus should be. I think that if you're focusing solely on anything else, in my personal opinion, you're kind of wasting your time. As far as the thing that I really like about indices is the time efficiency. You come into the morning, you map your day out around 8.30, New York time. And by 11 a.m., most of the time, you're going to be in a trade.
I mean, obviously every day is not perfect. I don't mean to paint it out like some yellow brick road, but the good days, you usually get in a trade before noon and you ride that trade through the day. And the most money is being moved through these markets right now because when we're in these uncertain times, large funds are cycling a lot of money. We just delivered the second quarter's futures contracts for ES and NQ. There's a ton of money being moved around right now.
When there's a ton of money being moved around, that's when you're going to get volatility. And you can see that price is respecting these. Let's look at this. This is a great example of how we were talking about price.
It wasn't mitigating demand or demand zones before. Now we can see it kind of danced around this and it barely tapped into it. Look, people thought this was mitigated. People thought this right here. So what was happening? All of this was just inducement, right? People thought that this, why don't I click? There we go. People just thought these were the lows. Look what price came over and did. Tapped them out and then starts to move. That's the kind of healthy price action you want to see. That's why I want to wait for Bitcoin to come down.
on a much smaller scale do this same sort of price action but i'm going to wait till we get there and then trade you know the five minute to give me this kind of pattern look for that five minute order block i probably won't even play the one minute at this point i'll just play the five minute
I don't want to waste too much time on crypto like that. And when I say it, I don't mean to sound in a negative way, but you're more time effective to trade, in my opinion, my experience with a 15-minute to 5-minute confirmation. The 1-minute confirmation is cool, and when you hit it, it's fucking awesome. But I think that you can spend the time that you would spend doing that on other markets. What's up, baby? How you doing? It matches. It matches. Wow.
I like it. You want to say hi to everybody on YouTube? Hi. Hello. What's up, baby? Casper Jr. You spilled something? You said there's something wet on the floor. I said, did you spill something? She said, no. Wait, actually, it might be. Did Dale throw up? You guys hear my girlfriend's cat's name is Dale. How do you guys like that? Isn't that funny?
Okay, don't, well, don't, don't, don't touch it. Dale Earnhardt Jr., bruh. Yeah, right? That's literally, she, like, didn't know what to name him. I wasn't with her. Still fast as fuck. Yeah, bro, his name's Dale. Like, I remember the first time I was at her house, I was like, what's his name? She was like, she started laughing, and I was like, what? She was like, what's his name? And I was like, or, I mean, I asked, what's his name? And she said, you're going to laugh. And I was like, I won't laugh. She's like, his name's Dale. And I started fucking immediately laughing.
he's a good cat though he's like a dog bro this cat's chill i'm not even a big cat person but um
Also here, looking at this, the more I see, I see there's a shitload of trendline liquidity here. I kind of just threw it through it, but that rhymed. But a lot of trendline liquidity building up like right there, which that would be awesome. We could run that. Then everybody's going to want to go short and look to bid longs up to, I really hope we preserve these kind of highs here and then also preserve this drawn liquidity. That would be great.
But on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off. I know it's not a full hour, but it's Friday night. Not much more for me to go over. Yeah, I appreciate it. Tonight's Friday. I just realized how many people are in here. There's usually not this many people on Friday. So I appreciate you guys pulling up. I hope you guys have a great weekend. I think we got a super fucking fun week ahead of us. So I'm looking forward to this coming week trading for sure.
Until tomorrow, I will, for those of you in the Discord, we're going to do our class tomorrow. I'll announce the topic and all the stuff we're going to be going over later tonight. And for everybody else, I'll see you guys on Monday. Peace out. I appreciate it.
