what's good i'm gonna give everybody a second to get in here i did just enter along on bitcoin a second ago and i'll go over why um i like where we're at
Got straight fucking memed on NQ this morning. It was a beautiful trade setup, and the overall bias was right, which was nice. I mean, I didn't... I wasn't as upset because I took most of the... Where is the position at? It's right here. I took most of the position really early. It looks like it was like... I mean, it would have almost hit the full TP. But the overall...
The position for me, I took, because I alerted to everybody that I was taking most position off of at first TP, which is the London low. Or not London low, I'm sorry, low of the day. We already taken, I'm sorry, not the London low shit. We already taken the lows over here. London low is over here. But the...
Overall move that happened happened after we got pipped, like literally at breakeven. Usually for indices, I keep them right on the level. But for NQ, I might start moving it up a tick or two just because, you know, that could have it wouldn't have been that much of a difference because, like I said, I was out pretty aggressively here just because the.
overall bias for me was bullish. So I did want to see a retrace like we tweeted about. Main reason I liked this area was there was a breaker and a fair value gap. Now I know it's not really in a discount of this impulse swing right here, but there was also a weekly volume imbalance there as well. We'll just draw a level right there and it's the red level. So you see that's where we reacted to pretty nicely.
We filled that and moved off of it. So as we didn't come down into a premium, or I'm sorry, a discount, you can never get it right. But I still like the level overall just because I think that the daily is going to drop into this imbalance and these highs right here. Overall too, another thing why I'm bullish, I know I made that the title of video, is we have a lot of stuff going on in the near future. We've got F1C this week.
with the federal funding rates and also just general FOMC fund. We've also got midterm elections in November. So along with that and the fact that when I look at this chart, I see a lot of stuff to the upside that could get taken out. A lot of low resistance runs on liquidity.
On top of that, we've got a massive imbalance from the last CPI before last that I think has a good chance of getting filled. And the Dow has been insanely strong here. So I think we could see something similar of this with ES and NQ. So I think that moving forwards, we have definitely more room for upside.
At the end of the day, another thing, too, is that everybody wants to be bearish, including me. Like, I want to be bearish. So anytime I notice myself, like, wanting to do something, yeah, like somebody said, literally, I just looked at the comments. It's a crime to be bullish in this environment. And it's, oh, what's up, trucking, Mr. Taylor? I don't know why I applaud you, trucking, but I haven't seen you in a minute. I hope you're doing good, bro. I hope you and the wife are doing good. It's an OG Playbit member.
When I look at this, I see clear institutional sponsorship down here. And a good friend of mine pointed this out to me as well, kind of solidified it. Just whenever I'm looking at this, I definitely see more involvement down here.
And then I just see more mitigation up here because we had these equal highs and we came up and ran that liquidity. But look what we did after. We didn't have another run on liquidity. So to me, that's a low resistance run on liquidity. We did move down and started to see that bearish order flow. But we left a lot of areas that could get taken. And another thing, like I said, everybody's fucking bearish right now.
which we're going to have bearish days. We might have a bearish retracement, but that's still not going to change for me that I'm going to be bullish. Now, overall, what I'm looking for, first off, is most likely going to be for ES. This is not for NQ. We already discussed the NQ. And I'm always about stepping stones and low-hanging fruit. So I'm looking for this imbalance and these highs on NQ. After that, we'll revisit it. Now, probably we'll be looking for higher, but we don't need to know all that.
to day trade. Now with ES, I'm looking more towards this. This is a nasty weekly volume imbalance here that did not get tapped on ES. I'm actually just going to put a level because I don't want to have so many boxes.
You know, I think we could maybe see some downside first, especially with FOMC coming up. But overall, I am going to be bullish moving forward for a little bit. So I did just kind of want to give that reasoning. And, you know, who knows if I'm wrong? I really don't care. It's not going to end of the world to me to be wrong. That's one thing that I think everybody should look at things in that way is that.
You know, you got to pick a side. And if you're wrong, it really doesn't matter that much because, you know, as traders that are professional, we manage our risk so we can take a couple losses. And to be honest, I'm doing really well this month overall after that big ESL we took last week. So I'm not I'm not really pressed if I take a couple losses. Right. And even if I hadn't been up, I'm still not pressed if I take some losses. And, you know, obviously that's not the objective, but.
You can't let the fear of that possible outcome rule your bias and then overthink things. So I just asked the spread on MFF varies. Yeah, it does. I would recommend what I do is I give myself 25 bucks, like on top of the levels, like to account for spread. And it's a little extra, but.
I rather have it that way than not. Then if you don't, you get done like I did. Oh, yeah. Another thing with NQ on the shorts this morning. When I looked, if you guys have MFF2, it moved a little bit. It would have memed me anyways, even if I had the ticks to a pyre. Even if I would have done that, it would have still memed. It was just so close. Unless I had a large gap for spread. Another thing I want to talk about was these limits that I had originally put down here.
Go ahead and delete this. Big move down after that imbalance. Who knows, we may see lower, but I like this POI. But the, where is it? I think it's this one. No, it's going to be more recent maybe. Maybe I deleted it. Well, I had signaled out to set limits after we had the shift to set a limit right here.
Price did not come down. The reason for that, at first I had this displacement and it was the only clear area at a discount. And then I considered all of this the same displacement here because that one candle to me, I mean, it's arguable to be honest that it could have been a...
new displacement swing. But I, you know, I just marked it how it is. And it seems like price wanted to come down and just react off this candle, which to be honest, I wouldn't have seen that one coming. So I can't be too mad at it. Then I wanted to take another trade up to the draw, which was a 15 minute imbalance. I'm backing up a little bit. The whole idea was price was going to run at this 15 minute imbalance.
Now, after we have established a draw or what we think price is drawing to at that moment, we look for a potential series of opportunities using the low timeframe. So each displacement price, we want it to return down to a
you know, an ideal entry point. Now on this second long, which was a lotto that I signaled and, you know, said, don't take both. But if you, you know, the reason I did that was because we had a new displacement, right? Giving a new shift in structure, kind of confirming that price is reaching up. Now I use this order block just because it was very clear, kind of regret it because usually I use imbalances. And if I would have used imbalance, we would have got tagged in.
and had a nice little trade. It's all right though, no big deal. At the end of the day, it wasn't a loss. So kind of annoying start to the morning if you let it be. But one thing I've learned is don't let that stuff get to you because at the end of the day, this was really just a right around break even or a small loss for those who trimmed heavily right there.
or you got stopped out for a full stop out, whatever. And then here you got two missed trades. So at the end of the day, when you're looking at the on paper results, one stop out at worst is not really the end of the world. But this is an example of something that can really frustrate you. And to be honest, I understand it because like I said, and I tweeted about this recently, that my biggest problem as a trader that I kind of had become a little more self-aware of was that
I was trying to be a perfectionist. And whenever I was wrong, even if I didn't lose money because of it, or if I was, you know, just little things, I would like get to me too much. And then, you know, whether you realize it or not, that indirectly is going to affect you. So not the end of the world, but I can see how it's frustrating for some.
what's bitcoin i'm assuming it's pissing since okay not that bad now okay so logic on this bitcoin long um i had marked out this imbalance yesterday reason uh being is at ote and we have this um overall again another low run low resistance run on liquidity because we didn't come up and take the high and take it again so you know we came up and took this original high right there but kind of just
had that failed higher high and then moved down back into optimal trade entry, which is these three blue lines you see here. End of the imbalance, there was also an order block that I had marked. And then I looked at the five minute and I've noticed recently with Bitcoin, I just kind of, I kind of look for too clean of price action or I guess I look for stuff similar to
to indices, which I just don't think you're going to get a lot of time with crypto. So I look at it in more mechanical way and said, okay, well, you know, we started to get shifts of structure, the upside there. And then this is right after our entry. Although it is this imbalance, you know, I understand that, but I'm looking at it from the one hour perspective.
So we'll see how it plays out. That's the only active trade right now is this Bitcoin. Well, we actually have some other trades. Can't give out all the sauce, but we're in some swings on crypto. Somebody asked about ETH and link. This is a daily range.
Potential that we could move down a little bit on crypto too. And that's something I haven't got to yet. But if we do, I really like this big imbalance on ETH more so than the Bitcoin chart. Bitcoin, we kind of already came back down and tapped into that imbalance. Nothing major. But with Ethereum, we have a massive expansion move in this daily shift telling us that the market's reaching up higher now. How much higher?
It's questionable. And a lot of the stuff I'm kind of basing off the stock market because you kind of have to keep that in mind whenever you are trading crypto as far and also whenever you're looking at the bigger picture. But sorry, I had to take a sip of this coffee. But if we do start to move down, I would really like this imbalance to potentially frame longs. That would be a nice flush. But overall, I want to see.
See potential longs now if we do get longs in this imbalance I'll probably be taking them depending on the move down into if you have a massive displacement move down into it I might not take them or I might take them with very close targeting, but if we you know kind of mosey on down into it And then get displacement out of it I would just look for highs along the way on for the one hour chart now Look on
Is there any, let's see if this is, no, nevermind. I was trying to see how much RF Bitcoin had made the same structure as far as this internal structure goes. Overall in the one hour, I would have looked at this as our first kind of point of interest in a discount. The imbalance combined with these equal lows right here. So we ran that five minutes. Again, with crypto, you get, it's kind of just, I've noticed like the moves you get,
They're just never that clean. If you do get them, they get left behind. For instance, over here, something like this, you never come back down to the imbalance. I think a lot of supply and demand kind of works better, but I'm trying to find another example. Stuff like this. This is the kind of stuff you get on crypto. It's not going to give you the clean, clear-cut structure you want to see. It's going to give you the stair step up after the liquidity raid, and you kind of just got to catch it up that almost trend line in a way.
But overall here, I look at it like there's that shift in structure and it's choppy. I know it's not the cleanest. And that's kind of just the way crypto goes. But we came under this low right there, rated again into that imbalance, took out those equal lows. And this move was pretty animated. So, you know, that heightens the chances of it being a potential liquid, in my opinion.
See how this goes as far as price action. I'm not in a trade, but I am in that Bitcoin trade. Somebody asked, do I limit in or do a market order usually? So it really depends. Like for instance, last Friday, we took an NQ long that I marketed. Look at that nice kind of V-shaped reaction out of there. What's corn doing? Gib, Gib corn. It's been a while since I traded Bitcoin, like a long time, honestly.
So on this NQ trade we took last week, last Friday, and that's a good example of when bullish order flow is in play.
God, I'm actually kind of sad. I think that limit or no, no, no, no, that's down here. I'm tripping. I was going to say, wow, that limit hit. No, no. But when bullish order flow is in play on a daily chart or higher timeframes, we don't really look at these as selling opportunities. We look at them as buying opportunities. So that's another thing I want to stress that once we have a bias, and this is why bias is so important, you're going to start looking at things differently and you're not going to see an opportunity at every single market structure shift or every single POI.
It's really important that you grasp that. And if you don't understand bias, you need to take a break and feel free to ask me questions. That's probably the number one most question I get asked is daily bias because it is hard as shit. I won't even lie. Don't beat yourself up if you're having trouble because it's not easy to get it right. It's really not. Anyways, I got off track. So when I'm talking about market ordering, I think I'm going to delete this just for...
Yeah, it's up here. So like for instance, this I market ordered, right? Because we are so close to draw on liquidity, which at the time I had as a, where is it? This imbalance right here.
This is the 15 minute or the 1 hour. But I had that as our target for that trade. We were that close. Also, it wasn't really the highest restored trade. It was almost kind of like making up for a loss, in a sense. Because we took a loss on ES that morning for 1R and then got a nice 1.77. We just took it to the end. I didn't trim. I announced people went right here. I was like, if you want, go ahead and feel free to trim. There was someone, Silrec, somehow made like 7K off this move. I was like, you're a fucking DJ.
um those here in play but now i'm talking he's one of the mods but um yeah so um this i marketed but like for instance um today down here i was setting limits
It really just depends too on, that's a discretionary thing with my style. And that's something else that I've talked about a little bit, but I was actually talking to some of my buddies. And no matter how much you want to make a style completely mechanical, it can only be so mechanical. For instance, and people don't argue with me on this, but we're all humans. So first of all,
What's mechanical to you may not be mechanical to someone else. So for instance, if we have market structure and somebody says, okay, well, I only log when we're in bullish market structure. Okay, well, what if you map your market structure differently than the next guy? And somebody's going to say, oh, no, no, this is right. Watch this photon course. And then somebody else, oh, no, no, no. Watch ICT, institutional market structure.
So those two definitions of bullish market structure are going to be different. So whenever we are looking at any strategy, there's always some level of user discretion.
So that's another concept. Just think about that. So don't try to, you know, remember you are human and remember you're going to have to think for yourself at times in terms of, you know, you're going to have to decide whether or not you'd like a setup or whether or not something is, you know, good to you or this and that, you know, and there's a lot of stuff that goes into that. I'll take a second too. And because I got a lot of questions like, why the hell did you short right here? Like, why did I want to short where I did?
So the reason was when I came to the market, I look at time first. First thing I look at in the daily chart and the news stuff, which we went over my entire routine on the class last Saturday in the Discord. But the first thing I look at is kind of how was the London session? How was the Asia session?
Actually, let me go ahead and do this. And maybe the CBDR, which is the central bank dealing range. I'm looking at all these things and kind of the characteristics. So when I look here, I see this massive expansion down from around that London kill zone area. So we had this accumulation, manipulation, distribution. So what I look for is how do we react at OTE? Now, a lot of times we're coming into OTE during the New York session, right? But we had already came to it. And what did we do when we came to it?
A shift in structure nearly immediately, right? Came right back to that order block, right off equilibrium and expanded down. So at 8.30, where I'm looking, this is like where I'm looking to maybe enter a trade or frame a trade. Right at that time, that volume jump, we get a push down, getting another shift in market structure. So the trade, let me just put back up so you guys have a visual.
The trade is basically kind of playing the continuation of a London move, which is the optimal trade entry. Where is the right here? So I just use the five minute. I didn't feel the need to use the one minute in this example. I think you would have got a stop on it if you did earlier than we did.
So look back after, and I probably wouldn't have actually entered on that. That's not really a displacement for me, but you would have got stop-hunted over here in this region. So maybe it would have been better. Who knows? Maybe risk or reward if this would have been better. Again, min-maxing is not really my thing, but that was my logic behind it. We had the optimal trade entry retracement, market structure shift, market showing us desire was going lower. So that's why I tweeted this morning and said, looking for a flush.
and that's why we also shorted here was because to me i look at it like we have a range that has been established in london through this expansion after this judas swing fake manipulation up taking out these stops so that has created a range for us to work within we come to optimal trade entry to a breaker block
market structure shift. So after that, after you have your idea, you know, like you came to your POI and let's say you have another POI down here, you know, every time you get this move, okay. And just like we were talking about how I was trailing up those limit orders on NOS that didn't get hit, you know, you say, okay, well now, you know, this range may provide a entry and you say, I'm going to take it here, you know, sure all the way down. Now,
let's just say price kind of does this, comes up a little bit, then another displacement. Well, now you have another displacement to work within, and you can say, here was your first one. Okay, well, that missed. Here's your second one, right? So then you say, okay, well, here's an imbalance here. You might get an entry off this.
And it's going to look something like that. And some people are going to say, oh, you're just chasing it. You just don't understand how price action works because we're just looking at order flow in terms of displacement. What is the market pushing towards? So once we establish where we think it's going and why we think it's going there, we're just using the market structure to tell us, confirm it to us. Like, yes, it is going there. So at this point, you could have said another trade here, same target.
You know, maybe you got in there or maybe sometimes you just don't get in it. Whenever price is really moving, look at that price action. But when price is moving really aggressively, you're just not going to get tagged in sometimes. That's just the way it goes. Yeah, that's just literally how it goes. Simple as that.
why did I target where I did? Because I did get one DM asking that. And like I said, since it was counter bias, this was most of the trade. It was just a little scalp. Oftentimes, if we are bullish, if my bias is bullish for the day, I will oftentimes look for a short pre-market. Because again, and not always, but if I see a short, I'm apt to take it with lower risk or a more aggressive profit taking. Because again, if I'm looking at, you know,
I want bullish price action. I want a run on stops first. So if I can get in on that run on stops where I see the market is up here telling me it wants to go lower, you know, that doesn't make me bearish. That makes me more confident that this is possible because again, if we're bullish, I want to see manipulation, right? Then you get that move. So, you know, if, and I don't recommend doing this or trying to like expect this or set an expectation for this because it's dangerous, but you know, if you can catch a short.
on the way down, maybe take profits really aggressively, you know, that sets you up sometimes, sometimes unlike today to have a, um, you know, you're, you're already in profits before you can go. Like for instance, if we wouldn't have got stopped out at this, that would have been, I would have probably been done for the day at that point, you know, cause we had, I think, um, yeah, I hope I haven't deleted them.
Yeah, we had that TP2 right there. I would have been out 80% here, which that was a little, probably right around 1R, a little less. So that would have been nothing crazy there. And then a fifth of the position down to...
4Rs have been like another 0.8-ish R, like three-fourths of a risk. And for me, that would have been almost 2R, and I would have just chilled. I wouldn't even have really watched much else as far as indices go and maybe taken some kind of very light trade or paper trade it. But it just got memed on that one. But at the end of the day, again, like I said, I used to get kind of upset about things like that.
And I know that it's really easy to, and it's almost like, you know, you're kind of rightful to be upset about some crazy stuff like that. But at the end of the day, you know, you can't be mad the bias was right. It was very good overall outlook on the morning. I'm proud that I looked at it and said, okay, well, we're probably going to take a little ride down because, you know, if you're just trading a specific model, you might not look for that.
But another thing, back to why I targeted where I did, so throwing the Forex market sessions, if I want to look for a, you know, kind of where the low of the day or the high of the day might be, we can either use the central bank dealing range or the Asian range and use its standard deviations. Oops, drew it wrong.
So why did I pick the Asia range over the central bank dealing range? Well, because to me, this up here, I don't like that as much as this. This is more of a range. I kind of formed a range, traded within it for a while. So I looked and said, okay, well, what kind of POIs are at close to extensions? This was why I had TP2 there. The only reason TP1 was at is it was just that recent low. And again, I was more bullish than bearish overall.
you know despite the fact that we i did think we're going to go down i still have to you know operate in the context of my bias so that was the rather your first aggressive target and then um again we have this right near this extension and then the full tp which was i think the top of one of these uh order blocks in a 15 minute right there that was why that full tp was there it was right past that third extension maybe i should have gone right there i mean again it doesn't matter because it didn't hit but in retrospect
you know if i would have done that and it would have it would have hit the full target so again um probably should have taken the low hanging fruit you know so keep that i'll probably journal that later actually so a little lesson to be learned still what's up zero also um ophir appreciate your live streams casper learning a ton yeah i appreciate you coming through man um and like haas said in the discord nq is going for highs
after finding an smt divergence how do you know which side of it you should be trading so if you're saying like which uh asset i like to trade the one that made the higher high or the higher low and then the um as far as the uh like i guess if you're saying like confirmation maybe i'm not sure if that's what your way is hold on i just like to let pnl
Oh, fuck. I didn't even realize it went that high. I was moving. I saw somebody said, Brody said corn flying. Overall looks good still. Didn't hit a profit target, but still. I looked down at my phone, saw blue, and got happy. But where were we?
Oh, for SMT. Yeah, I think we could. I mean, it's seeming like we need to get a reaction off this order block, in my opinion, if we want to continue up, or we might see more downside. We'll see, though. We need to be a reactor, not a predictor. That's what I tell a lot of people.
But yeah, if you're asking which asset to trade, like if you're saying which side of it, like NQ or ES, I look for the one that made the higher high. So like for instance, with ES, if you wanted to trade based off of this, right here, there's some SMT leading in the close. All right, so we didn't make the higher high.
Over and over again, we're getting S&T. I've never seen this much since I've been just exclusively... I'm sorry. I didn't quite catch that. Fuck Siri. I'm always talking to you, Siri. Shut the fuck up. I'm just kidding.
Whenever you're looking at which one you want to trade, I want to trade the one that did make the higher high because the ideology behind it is that there's manipulation at play if one makes a higher high or a lower low and the other does not. We're looking at that as a potential run on stops. You'd want to trade the one that... Now, some people have a different logic. Some people say, for instance, if we have... Let's say...
You know, we have two benchmark assets and I didn't really draw this that well, to be honest. Let me redo that. I don't know why I tried to overplay it. But if we have two assets and, you know, there's this right here. So, you know, we have the one that did not make a lower low. And then we have the one that did make a lower low. Now, some people would say, oh, well, I'm going to long this one because it's stronger, which I understand that logic, too. I just personally go for the one that's more manipulated.
But, you know, kind of pick and choose and maybe go back test to see which one you'd like better. Back to ETH and Link. Somebody asked about ETH and I forgot to do Link. Also, it's Johnny Shorts on ES right now. I mean, I see the logic, but I'm personally chilling for now. I do see what you're saying, though. Nice little right into this order bug. And then the shift down.
ES looks more ready for than NQ, I will say, but I'm personally chilling on it. For one, it's lunchtime, which we do see good trades sometimes during lunch, but also with NQ. And then here's another example of, actually, yeah, another example of a bearish divergence, to be honest, on NQ. But I wouldn't pay attention on it. I usually watch either my one minute for entry or a one hour or a 15 minute.
which to this, to me, I mean, you could look at it like that, but I'm looking more at the major swing points. But I do see the logic. Somebody asked about link. Let me just clean this whole chart up. Link's got a lot of room. I'll start off by saying that. As with a lot of fucking alts, man.
And I've been looking at a lot of alts for a while where I'm just like, you know, can it be so? Like, are these targets I'm looking at? Like, is that even, will crypto ever go that high? Like that type shit. But I mean, like when I look at this, I say, okay. And it's just keeping it simple. I say, okay, here's our weekly impulse swing.
So what have we got resting above first off? We've got equal highs, relatively equal highs. So automatically right there, there's a lot of shorts induced. That's a target. Why? Because we're in a discount. The external liquidity was taken right there.
And what happened after that external liquidity was taken? It shifted market structure. That's the displacement for me. What happened then? We came back down to this order block, started to move up, and now we're kind of accumulating here. We rated stops again, and now we're moving to the upside. Now, this is all just looking at a weekly chart. Another thing on top of that, it kind of complements this. We took this low.
right into an imbalance. So if I'm looking at like, if I'm just looking at this right here and I'm, you know, not that we're on a weekly chart link, not that, you know, the whole world is in, you know, global fucking panic financially. And there's, if I'm just looking at this, I'm looking for this to come back up to a premium. Now, again, I get it. It's kind of like, you know.
Maybe a little ridiculous to say that, but I don't think so. Just looking at weekly chart, I would say fucking $12. But, you know, there's more to it than that. I understand that. I'm just calling it how I see it based off the weekly. So now if I hop into a daily and I see, okay, well, you know, what's happening after we take these lows right here and take these equal lows, kind of move up. I would have rather had a run on this low again, to be honest, but nice displacement to the upside, leaving a fair value gap.
Also, guess what else you have right inside that fair value gap? A breaker block. So overall, I see maybe a little retrace, but after that, you're probably gonna head up towards these highs. And that would be, low hanging fruit would also be this right here, which is this.
8.537. I think after FMC plays out, we'll kind of see how they, what they talk about and how, what, you know, the funding rates, as long as they're on or as expected, I kind of feel like things are a little priced in right now just because we've already been, you know, getting demolished. And by all means, am I telling you guys it's a bull market? I'm not saying that. Don't go back and be like, oh yeah, notice the title in the video is bullish for this week. I think we might have some flush outs to the downside, but I think overall we will finish the week and close up.
LM asked, thoughts on BNB and Bitcoin versus BNB? So speaking of, I'm glad you said that. We talked about this in the chat. I wanted us to come down a little bit after these equal highs. It said, fuck you. And then after that, I wanted to target these highs. But now it's already met the highs up here. So now with BNB on a weekly chart, if you draw this to the weekly impulse, we have kind of came back into a premium there, into this imbalance.
I think we might come a little higher. We do also have another imbalance right there. So maybe some more reason to go up. A lot of this, I think, was to do with Binance being involved in the Twitter acquisition. So that definitely probably plays a big part in why we're moving to the upside. We did take this buy side liquidity.
The one hour, I would ideally like to make one higher high here before even thinking about shorts. And that's even if I were to short it. But I'd like just to come maybe come the better, the deeper we can come into this imbalance, the better as far as for a long-term reversal. But if we just front running here and still leave the discount of the imbalance, you know, that would give us a nice target. Be in this area over here. All right, 317. If we could make a push up.
And then on top of that, we need another market structure shift, however we get it. And if we don't get that, then they have no reason to short. But just because we've taken the highs doesn't mean it's going to reverse right here. So keep that in mind. Overall, I mean, came down and recapitalized this order block nicely, rated the equal lows, off to the races. And even if you do start to short it here,
And until you get a daily shift in structure with displacement, which, you know, you could come all the way up here. We talked about this in our ranges explanation with our internal liquidity. You know, if we're using a weekly range, we've still got internal liquidity. You're trying to use a one hour to short right here and say, OK, well, you know, we glow. It's just you're probably going to get burnt. You know, but this is what a lot of SMC courses are going to tell you to do. But what I would say is, you know, if we just reverse here.
on the hourly and no daily shift in structure, I would just take a fib, say, okay, I'm going to draw this impulse. Where's the first imbalance or price delivery rate at a discount, which is right there. So, you know, also, I mean, you could look at this right here as a rejection block that I have drawn, but you could look at this as even more low hanging fruit.
So if you did short it just based off the hourly chart, you know, with in the context of the internal liquidity being taken out of weekly, I wouldn't take it farther than there until you have that daily telling you that it's drawing to the downside with a daily displacement shift to the downside. And gold, Dom, I got you. Fuck, not USD. I don't know why I would do that. I put USDTP.
We got stopped on some lottos last week, RIP on those. Overall, let's see. I mean, you've got, I really wanted this imbalance because it would be a balanced price range. But, I mean, if you don't start reversing soon, I would look for the lows.
But, you know, I think the gold likes to do this. It'll come out like just how it did here. And it preserves that low and really will build liquidity. So I wouldn't be surprised to see you make a move somewhere in here. What you'd need was a one hour displacement to the upside. And overall, I think you would go up to this 1685 area. XRP, Adaliki wants XRP.
So the daily range, I wanted this order block because there's equal loads right below it. I know you're probably talking on a more intraday stuff. So nice shift right into this order block over here. Five minutes showing a little displaced to the upside, but then right after it's shifting back down. I'm not really in too, too much in tune with XRP, to be honest with you. So I don't try to look at it in the context of where we're at on an hourly.
Pretty ugly chart to be honest as far as the hourly goes as far as you know how the price action it's really wicky Not really many clear areas There's a lot of highs built up there. I will say there's a lot of my side building up here I personally don't really like this chart as far as the just the price action because if I'm looking at the one hour range I mean, it's this to here, right? Because that's where he took this low But it's you know, like what's really up in here. I mean, it's really fucking ugly
we've got some equal highs there i guess all this i mean i don't know this would be something i personally wouldn't trade just because of that because if i don't have context from my my high time frame which is one hour the only thing i see is this and um
I don't really see enough clear displacement in most places. For instance, over here, yeah, there's an entry, but that's only half of it. Because I would look at it like you've got a lot of liquidity resting above all these highs, but that's already kind of been taken if you're looking at it from a creek perspective. I don't know. I would chill on it, to be honest with you, just because the hourly context isn't that great. That's just me.
Just like we might. I'm guessing Bitcoin's moving to the downside too. We'll see how it plays out. Either way, I'm not going to change my stop or trim anything until we get at least the first target. If I get a full stop out, I'm not too worried about it.
Yeah, for sure. For sure. Said, am I remembering correctly that I look for bodies for order blocks and consider the Wix to be retail movement? Yes, on Wix being retail movement. And to be honest, it depends on the timeframe for order blocks and the structure of the candle. Like if like, for instance, on this gold, I always mistype it.
And this daily, I was just looking at, you know, this, I would want to rather look at this candle for the order block than the last one. So then I would choose the body. But like, if this was the only down candle, I would still consider that an order block. Just the last down candle that gets engulfed by a bullish move. Wouldn't be the most high value one because it doesn't really result in any kind of displacement shift structure. But by, you know, definition, it's the last down candle before an out move.
Let's take a look at DXY. So DXY is in the zone that I wanted it to push up to. You can see I had this nice little line that it followed. We took this liquidity here. We might even go up a little higher because we have this order block right there.
But overall, I would like to see a push down to all these equal lows right here. Now, again, yes, it came to this weekly order block. The range is bullish, and I understand that. But I think with the FOMC coming up, we're going to have a lot of volatility here. And then on top of that, with the election stuff, I do think we're due for some kind of relief. But overall, I'd like us to come down and take these equal lows down here.
And again, it's when we're looking at this range, you know, we've got a very clear level of internal liquidity that's remaining. Now, at that point, that's where I would be revisiting the idea of remaining bullish, depending on our reaction to that.
Overall, no desire to move to the downside yet on DXY. It is where we want it to, you know, kind of maybe retrace, but there's nothing that's telling us on a, you know, macro perspective, which for me, it starts at the one hour that this daily zone is going to be confirmed. So, you know, just because we have a POI, it doesn't mean anything until we start to get confirmation on it. What are indices doing? Nice little dumpy. Who knows? We might end up going for whatever the, that full TP, that 15-hour buck.
Overall, I think ES does have more room to go to the downside. With this tiny little imbalance there, and then the beginning of this series of down candles, I would classify as an order block, just because in the higher timeframes. Then you've got a breaker right here. So definitely more room on ES to move down, in my opinion, than the others. I don't count YM, just because I don't trade it.
Yeah, expect a lot of volatility. Just like last week, we've got the most massive news, which is that federal funding rate. And then also there's some high impact news around the world. So tomorrow we got 10 a.m. news, ISM and the Joltz job openings. And we got another thing too. We have fucking NFP on Friday. So pretty much every day.
except today we have, and Thursday, and wait, no, yeah, no, no, Thursday we have, yeah, as I would say, got high impact every single day except today. Again, the highest of impact on Wednesday and really the second most volatile days of the month or of any news impact is that non-farm payroll, so.
Just be mindful of that. If you're new to trading, I don't recommend just trading a shitload this week. It's one of those that can burn you up and just maintain your risk management. Because at the end of the day, you know, and another thing too, people, I had someone hit me up and they said, well, I am maintaining risk management. I only risk this much per trade, but that's not all of risk management. Like risk management.
is more than just how much you risk per trade. It's how many, you know, how much you risk over, it's your overall risk. So let's say, oh, I only risk 1% of my account on each trade. Okay, well, how many losses do you allow a day? Most people have no rule for like when they stop, right? So, you know, say, oh, if you have, you know, 1% risk management, but if you lose four or five trades in a day, you know, that's not risk management. That's just half of it.
You know, you should have like a daily stopping point and you should have a weekly stopping point and you should have a monthly stopping point, just like we have goals. And another thing people get confused is goals. Like, for instance, I say I have a two hour goal or a day or whatever. I'm not going to only trade until, you know, or I'm not going to make myself trade until I, you know, either hit my stopping point or my.
My winning point, you know, you want to trade as the market allows it. You don't want to just force yourself to try to make moves to meet your goal. That's not the idea of a goal. It's more of a stopping point. Like, okay, I'm up, let's stop. That's more or less what you want to look at that as.
Mic09, we already went over ETH at the beginning of the video. If you want to rewatch or rewind to that point, I just now saw that. And then LM said, what if after the last down candle, there is a little up candle with a low wick lower than the last down candle low?
Still just focus on the down candle. Don't worry about that. I mean, I know there's some like, I think it's a phantom will tell you to use the other candle. Really, if you want to refine, just go to a lower timeframe and then find the last down candle. But it's kind of counterintuitive sometimes to use up candle because our ideology behind order blocks is that smart money is buying through that down move. So it's kind of counterintuitive to...
Look for the up candles, in my opinion. That's just me. PPS30. What exactly were you looking at, Hood? So I based my entry off of, so you know, the 12 a.m. opening candle. I waited for a high above that.
like a lick rate on that, on that candle, because it was already a candle that was high. I made that high above that. I waited for a lick rate, took the one minute FEG, and man, that junk smacked. Yeah, nice little rate of the fuck out of these equal highs here for sure. Oh yeah, I see exactly what you see. Boom. And then this fair value gap here.
Yeah. I don't like trading during lunch, but it was there. That's the only reason why I said, yeah, I'm going to take it. Yeah, there are sometimes some nice opportunities. Like last week, there was a trade opportunity during lunch. It was right here that we were on stream. And I was like, yeah, I'm not going to take it. I was like, we'll get a rate up and do it after lunch. But then I look back, I was like, that shit was so free. And sometimes rules will fuck you like that.
It just depends. You got to figure out which rules you got to keep. You know, that's up to everybody. But it was like so free, bro. Yeah. Look at that. SMT. And it was a one hour lick rate shift in structure. Probably was a low time frame MMSM. Market Maker sale model. Yeah, it was clean as fuck. But, you know, let's not even put the position size on it and see how much R was missed. But it was nice. The next day we got a nice trade.
That was the best trade I've taken in a while, to be honest. I've taken a lot of lower risk or award trades fixed, but this one, there is a time and a place for high RR. You're not going to get it every single day, but when I was looking at this, I was like, this shit was just so free. It was nice how we took it. We got the high of the day, took profits the lower day right after close. It was just like literally catch the entire move of the day. What's crazy is you can do this every day, theoretically. It's not going to be easy.
You don't want to have that mentality because it might, you know, cause you to be negative or, you know, beat up on yourself when you don't get it. But oftentimes they're really good opportunities. ZP said APT Sam's about to send it. I was actually charting this for a friend that shorted it from like the top. It was Bill. You guys know Bill from Playbit. Good old Gluck.
I would want a low rate. I mean, to be honest with you, I haven't really watched this coin and I don't know how well it trades, but I'd want a rate of this. I actually might send an alert for like an ultra degen lotto if it does it, but it'll be like 0.1 R.
Speaking of alter degen shit, if you guys like sports betting, I put up a tweet. Playbet has a free sports betting server that you can hop in. At the end of the day, we're all a little degen at heart. I think you don't get to be a trader without it. It's good to have a little outlet. Sometimes it's gambling on alts using 0.1 risk. Sometimes it's sports betting.
But overall, I mean, the one hour, though, on this chart is bullish as can be as far as... But the thing, the problem with this is, though, for me, as far as to actually trade it, is this ruins everything for me. This wick is just... I will never be able to look at this chart in the way I look at any other chart. Because what am I going to say? We're in a discount. You know what I'm saying? So whenever we have that kind of move, it kind of kills shit for me as far as the way I trade. Because I try to look back and look at everything.
If you don't count that, you know, the range is pretty bullish. This was the impulse move. It would actually be a little lower. It would be all of this if you wanted to be technical. I just had it as the most impulsive move. So, which fair value gap do I target when they're stacked like YM? So, in this example, if I was going to short off this, I would say...
To be honest, this one would have been one I probably would have taken just because, I mean, if you're going to take it, it'd have to be this gap. You'd want the first POI in a premium. So, for instance, I don't refine past a one minute, but like if this were an hour chart and we had a massive gap, you can hop to a lower timeframe to find the first one around here. But I don't use the seconds anymore. So, but if you were some of you seconds, you could maybe go in and refine it and try to find something in here, whatever.
or you could just pick the one that's fully the first one that's fully in a premium you know i mean not this mad because it's massive when it starts in a discount goes to a premium or you can just do equilibrium that's another strategy and all just depends on the context of trade and how much risk to reward is provided if you know you do indeed get an entry
How do I use ICT fibs, previous low? So I use fibs in a variety of ways. To be honest, I use them for the Asian range deviations. I use them for impulse swings and I use them for like external structure. So for instance, you know, you could use a fib from this and I go in there and then say, okay, well, you know, let me get a better example. Yes. So.
Let's say in this range, the range itself was this high to this low. But let's say if I wanted to short back down to a discount because we got a market structure shift after external liquidity was taken.
then I might say, okay, well, I'm going to draw a fib on that impulse move. And I'm going to look, you know, what's the first point of interest in that area. So this fair value gap, obviously it went higher, but that's the way that, you know, I would do it. And you could still say that, you know, okay, well, there's an order block here. That's what I was drawing into. But that's the two ways I'd use fibs for structure overall. And then like we were talking about this morning, and you can use fibs for,
standard deviations of the Asian range and also for lick rates. So another thing like this, whenever I targeted this on the trade we took last week, I would say, okay, well, you know, here's the lick rate. That was the move that rated liquidity that framed the trade. So I'm going to take the measured move, which is a hundred percent extension. And I'm going to look for targets around that area. That's why I extended the target to the daily volume imbalance.
Because oftentimes the move of the lick rate, you will see an equal reaction from it. Not always. And that's about impulse moves. That's not the entire push up to it. It's just the kind of impulse move. What do I think if US 30 five minutes shifts, but it's shy away from the one hour fair value gap? First of all, I'll say US 30 has a mind of its fucking own, to be honest with you.
I mean, the five-minute did shift. I guess that's what you're saying. Five-minute shift, I would have said, is right there. I mean, again, it's just like when we look at trades, we've got to look at them in terms of probability. Is this as good a setup, in my opinion, had it happened down here? Definitely not.
Is it a setup that might possibly work? Definitely. Anything can, you know, you have to understand that going into trading, I don't give a fuck what anyone said. Like I saw ICC, he said some shit sometimes that kind of irritates me because it's like, you know, we get it. Like you want people to like you, but, and think you're smart, but you say certain things that give people a wrong idea. And I don't give a fuck to disagree with that. For instance, like you said, if you don't know where the market's going.
Okay, no one knows where the market's going. I don't give a fuck what you say. No one knows anything for sure. Nobody, right? If we did, everybody would be multi-millionaires, right? So, you know, we never know. We just know about what's probable, what is likely. So how do we determine that? With confluences. What are our confluences here? Okay, we have a five-minute shift.
Okay. Why did the five minute shift occur? Well, it wasn't a fair value gap. It wasn't a discount. So maybe the five minute shift was just to go take this liquidity.
Maybe it wasn't, but you have to look at things in that sense and you have to just kind of think of things as odds and determine what are high value setups. High value setups to me are multiple confluences. Like, okay, for instance, if price had came down to, maybe it did this right here, formed some equal lows above an imbalance in a discount. Maybe it did something like this.
and then raids liquidity into that. Then you get a five minute shift. That's more of a high value setup because you're in a discount, you're pro trend. You have your market structure telling you that something is happening here. Then you still can zoom out again and say, okay, well, we're in the daily range. How probable is this?
You see what I'm saying? So you can continuously layer that and that's how you will get to be a more accurate trader and you'll trade less. And sometimes there's a fine line between, you know, paralysis by analysis, which means, you know, you're looking at too many things and you just can't execute. But once you understand that, you know, you need certain amount of confluences or, you know, you you're looking for a certain occurrence to happen before you get into the market.
then you start looking at things from a more laid back perspective and you stop putting your neck out there so much and you wait for setups that you're really confident in. And that's how you get to the point where you're a good trader consistently. And you're not going to find a setup every single day. I mean, there is a setup every single day, but that doesn't mean that you're going to find it or maybe that there's a setup that meets your standards.
So, yes, there's obviously always this appeal like others. What do you mean there's not a setup every day? Because I've said that whenever I'm trying to say, you know, your system may not provide a setup every day. But there's always I mean, fucking price is moving every day. You know, there's always what everybody, all the hindsight people can always look and find a opportunity. But, you know, doing that is just going to kill you psychologically.
Funny that you asked, Zero. So do I use volume and volume profile? So something I noticed, and this is just logic in my opinion. So a lot of people say like not to use it with SMC, but here's my logic. I'll just give you this before I go into why I drew this line. This is the ES1 chart because it has more data. But when we're talking about imbalances, fair value gaps, volume imbalance, any kind of liquidity, anything.
The ideology behind it is that the price was expanding so rapidly and one side of liquidity, which was the sell side in this example, was the only type of liquidity being offered that there was no trading in this gap. So in this gap, the ideology is that this period, there was no trading there. So what does a volume profile tell us? Tell us where the volume at, where was the trading being done? Look at that. There's no volume there.
So the ideology that we will return to that is based off of the fact that no buy side liquidity has been offered there. So in order to push up or in order to kind of mitigate that, we need to go back up and there needs to be trading there.
So you can use a volume profile with imbalance and look at this. This kind of proves imbalance theory in a way. And I have a big hunch this is kind of how ICT came up with this, if you want my honest opinion. But look at that, another volume shelf. Guess what was there? An imbalance.
All right. Oh, look at this. Now, why did this imbalance not work? Well, one, it was at a discount, but look, there was actually a decent trading here. Now it did work a little bit, right? But it didn't hold. It wasn't like a major reversal point. So that's something that I have explored recently on the higher timeframes is using the volume profile. I don't use the point of control or anything like that, but using the volume profile, just the shelves to kind of confirm imbalances. So if you look over here,
Look at that. No volume here. You see what I mean? So, you know, this is just by logic. You know, ICT is going to be like, oh, fuck that. You know, he'll talk shit about that. But I promise that, I don't know. I mean, it's just logical in my opinion. So hopefully that helps. And yeah, LM, like you said, only thing we know is price is not going to go left. It's a good LM and play a bit circa Halloween 2022. It's a quote.
Yeah, that's tragic. I'm still happy that the bias played out on this.
And hopefully that, you know, me going over it all with you guys, you know, how could this been avoided? Probably adding a little bit of a stop loss onto my broker and onto, you know, obviously the chart itself. But because if I just moved it up one tick, because my broker doesn't go in ticks. I don't trade, you know, futures from CME. I trade on my funded account. So, you know, if I just go up one tick, that's not going to be enough for it. Because I looked, it went over like 50 cents or something on my broker. So maybe a dollar, an extra dollar.
on top of you know the because i already have to add some for spread but then maybe add an extra dollar on top of that so it'd come out to around two dollars on nos on my broker above whatever structural point that i have selected because if that was the case you know would have been a very nice trading day today and instead it's been kind of choppy you know a little um in the red but nothing crazy seems like my one more downside yeah exactly it's part of the game
But on that note guys I'd look probably for maybe a little more downside going into the PM session I don't know if I'll trade this afternoon. I might just watch I'll alert if I enter anything else But you're right though. I think it's gonna go down. Yeah, I think it's gonna go down a little more I Want it I have
I wanted to come down into this area right here. We just got to be careful because if inflation or not inflation, FOMC. Yeah, well, these guys are manipulating their currencies, all of them, which is the fucked up part. That's why you see JPY go crazy. Yeah, that USDJPY pump the last open. That was so manipulated, bro. They failed at it too. It's a funny thing. They keep buying their bonds, bro.
They're about to run out of money because nobody's helping them because Europe is too busy trying to manipulate that currency in Japan. I missed my Euro USD short, but it's confirming right now a higher time frame short on the 4-hour. I haven't even looked at Euro dollars since last week, to be honest. I had something set for it at some point. Oh, I did hit it. I don't even fucking see it. Look at this. I had an alert.
No, no, no, I remember this. I do remember this. Never mind. I'm capping. I didn't see it when it happened, but I wanted to take that high and move down. I was hoping it would come back into that area of that low that it broke, but it never came back. It's out.
And on the four out, it's about to break down. Crazy. Yeah, I could see some push down for sure on Eurodollar. I mean, really, like this order block doesn't always seem of much value because it's already got traded through. Then I don't know what happened first, the wick down here, the wick up. Possibly could get recapitalized, but that would be an overall draw for as low-hanging fruit. Do you have a TD Ameritrade account?
So I have a Tastyworks account. I was actually talking to Glacier last night because I wanted to get some leap swings on options, but I don't have a TOS. I might actually have one from back in the day, but I don't have any money in it or anything. I don't use it. Well, if you got one, just put like $5 in it or $10, and they'll give you live data. So the coolest thing about Thinkorswim, bro, you can replay.
but the replays with actual volume yeah i've seen you see how the candle fills it it's bonkers yeah that would be nice bro like from back testing yeah back testing on on the indices bro it's perfect yeah
I was actually looking into maybe getting like a backtesting software because they make, I don't know if they're worth a shit or not, but I've seen people post a lot about like where you can basically input, like if you can, you know, I don't know how it works completely, but you can basically kind of.
input certain parameters and try to test, get a loose automated test. Again, I'm not sure how accurate that would be with certain things. That's probably more for indicators and shit. Yeah, I've heard of it, but I've never seen it. That's pretty fucking cool, though. Yeah, I have to do some research, so you just kind of jogged my mind on that, because I was looking into it a week or two ago, and then I kind of just forgot. About a week ago.
Are you heading out? Yeah, I'm about to hop off here, bro. I'm just going to take one last little peek. Yeah, it's CHZ. Adelique, where you at is your coin.
You saw Ethan's analysis. He's thinking Bitcoin at 30K. I wouldn't even be surprised at this point. I haven't seen it, but I mean, I think higher. I haven't, like, for me... You talked about the high of, like, November 10th of last year. Oh, what the fuck? And the...
the high of august 10th or something like that the high of november of last year that's like all-time highs yeah so he said that we have the same bullish switch in volume i believe there's some crazy i haven't read the whole analysis it's in hyperion and um
in uh crypto technicals like whenever you get the chance to skim through it yeah i'll definitely take a look yeah look at this he was saying that we yeah that's exactly what he's targeting like that fiddle of all the inefficiencies all the way to the upside i mean that's that we had that bullish switch narrative i could see it what i i really wanted this goddamn low for the longest time um but now that was what i wanted after it but at this point i mean i'm kind of playing it day by day i want
I'm not going to swing anything that long as far as with corn, but I definitely could see more upside. Moving forward, we'll see how it plays out. I want more upside today, so I'm going to long. It seems like it's holding a little bit better than indices are, though. I will say that.
We'll see. I like the OT imbalance order block. And then again, with the market structure and Bitcoin lately, it's just been like, it's like this like ugly ass. Like when it hits a POI, it kind of just like, it'll do this. Like do exactly what it's doing. It'll be like this sometimes. And then it'll just be like fucking gone. You're not going to get a lot of times that strong low switch or strong high. I mean, here, I guess, because another thing too, I've been really,
looking at somebody said fucking silence and Bitcoin at 200k you guys heard it first but uh but um
is like the difference between like grades on liquidity. So for instance, like here we have like a high, high resistance run on liquidity because we ran liquidity and then we ran it again with a reaction. So then you have like stuff like this, where we have low resistance runs on liquidity, where we ran liquidity, we had to make that higher high. So, you know, this was more likely mitigation than like an entry, if that makes like,
You know what I'm saying? So for instance, with indices on the daily chart, we look here, this was a mitigation. So we can't mitigate and move this imbalance, took those equal highs. But there wasn't ever, now we look here. Now that, that's institutional involvement. You know what I'm saying? Especially with news, with inflation. And then another thing too, like the PCE, which was on, it was as forecasted, which basically what that means is that
The rising rates are doing what they expected, which is, you know, getting a quote, a grasp on inflation. Who knows what the fuck that actually means? But starting to reduce inflation like it's not accelerating how they thought it would. Exactly. Exactly. So that would be more bullish. Now, I'm just interested to see if J-Pow comes out running his mouth about some fucking anything bullish. Just go ahead and buckle the fuck up for maximum fucking.
Ridiculousness. Yeah, let's share silence TA. Okay. It's power of three. 101. Two. Oh, yeah. Fuck it. I'm longing to 200K. You heard it here first, guys. Selling a Lambo. I'll be back. Fuck.
Oh, shit. Well, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. Have a great rest of your day. I will be on here tomorrow again at noon. Remember, just be safe moving into this week. I mean, it's a lot of shit going on. There's going to be a lot of money moved around by large funds due to, obviously, federal funds rate on Wednesday with FOMC. And then on top of that, we've got NFP on Friday. So, I mean, you've got literally the two highest impact.
news events in all of trading, in my opinion, other than, well, CPI, I guess you can throw up there too. But some of the highest impact events are going to be happening in the same week. So that's a recipe for get fucked if you're not careful. But anyways, I will see you guys tomorrow. I'm actually about to post a video too, guys. It'll be like a...
more, you know, shorter video. So be on the lookout for that. And then I see you asked a question zero about sessions. I'm actually going to post a short on that too. So a lot more stuff coming out. I'm trying to work more on kind of refining some of these streams down to the most valuable parts and then post them up. So that way you guys can, you know, if you don't have the time to rewatch the whole stream or this and that, you guys will still be able to get some value from it. But till tomorrow, I will see you all later. Peace.
