What is good? In today's video, I want to go over something that I think a lot of people misunderstand. Whenever we're taking funded challenges and we're trying to do our best to consistently be making money quickly, because most of the funding firms only allow you 30 days, sometimes you need to be a little bit more active in your trade management than just holding out to the last TP. Now, a lot of people are going to disagree with me, but this is how I got funded.
i'm starting to try to teach some more discretionary stuff with you guys and share it while it is hard to make certain things mechanical you know you can i can try my best i think the key to it is kind of um setting whatever principles you have as far as like what your goals are in trading or actively what you're doing whether you're passing a funded account whether you're trading um on your live account and a lot of people will say oh you know you shouldn't trade any differently
And quite frankly, I see the logic there, but most of the time, those are people who actually don't trade. That's just my opinion. Now, I'm not saying you need to just TP early and get scared every single time that the market isn't going exactly your way. And I do believe that you need to let the market do its own work, but there is a time and a place to actively manage your trade and maybe move your stop loss up. Maybe take some profits that you weren't gonna take because
Let's just say you have trades that run 2R, 3R, and they come back and stop you at a break-even or for a loss. It only takes a couple of those to pass a challenge. We're not trying to swing for the fences here, right? So let's go ahead and get into the chart. It's thunderstorming like crazy right now. So this was a trade I took this morning, and this wasn't to pass a challenge. This was...
Just on my live account. I was just this is how and I this is how I still trade you know a lot of people I'm gonna get people tweeting me and disagreeing with this already know but You know whenever I'm in a trade and I have a target and Especially in a day like CPI and I don't want to inspire people to trade if you notice the time to trade it and we're gonna go to ES trade I took to it wasn't Before CPI, you know, you're just that's a suicidal but the
And I'm going to go over all the bias. But the first thing I want to point out is I cut most of this trade. Let's just see, because I posted in the Discord. It's out here. And this wasn't a signal. I don't want to miss anybody. This is just a trade I took. I was talking about it in the stock chat, and I said... Fine, I'm going to look at my name. Stock chat's always booming. But I have taken all the profits in this area. I'm going to give an exact timestamp whenever I said that. Or better yet, I can just go to my fucking... Hold on a second.
51 is where I took them right in this area right here
So the reason that I took it was because whenever we have a large push to the downside like this, and the overall bias was, I'll go over the S&T and a little bit more, but I talked about this on Twitter yesterday, this daily fair value gap, right? So we tapped into it with that CPI push and then tapped into it once more. Now we did get a sweep into the zone, but to me, since we didn't come down,
Like right here, and I look at ES, I'm gonna use ES for kind of intermarket analysis. ES to me, this was pretty bullish, if you ask me. Like that reaction from that order block. And also if you look at time, and I'm gonna go over this more in the time and price video I'm about to release, but whenever you're looking at points of interest, and you're kind of determining, is this, the whole point of what we're doing is trying to track institutional involvement, right?
If we look for trades at a certain time of the day, because we're anticipating institutional involvement during those times, whether it's kill zones or the 930 open, whatever it is, if you're looking for a certain time for price to give you your model, well, then whenever you look back at old points of interest, for instance, if your model is a liquidity rate into a point of interest, well, don't you think it's a little higher probability if that point of interest was created?
as one of your other models was unfolding so what i mean by that is if we are trading indices and we look for liquidity rates after the open usually before 11 and then we see something like that and where does it write into braids into an order block which is a point of interest that was created during that same time window in the last trading session
So you see how, okay, well, if we're anticipating institutional involvement around here, and look what we did off this order block. We took liquidity and expanded. That was where the move of the day began. So wouldn't you say there is a high probability that institutions were involved there? So there's orders that are probably going to be mitigated. So whenever ES pushed down into this level, I'll go over the ES trade first because this is the first one I took. And this is a model that I want to
Actually, I want to stay on task. That was the overall...
um bias that we might go higher so when i got in this trade on nq it was after the es trade this is the one that i want to share my thoughts on management so that's we'll go back to yes but um so the overall bias for the trade was we had this smt divergence so if you look right here with camera if it was dow yeah it was with the dow so we got we did not make a higher high in the dow we did on nq i think yes obviously as well so to me that was the first the um first
So we came down and we created a balanced price range. So we'll go over one more candle.
When you see something like this, we have one fair value gap and another fair value gap. And we're talking about imbalances, right? It's because there's not been, price has not traded through these levels, right? So until we came back down, this was a trading range where only one side of liquidity was offered and that was the buy side. So now we have this massive push down and we're balancing that price range. Price has traded through it. Now, there shouldn't be a reason that price should just blast back through it.
unless some liquidity has been taken. Now there's two areas of liquidity here. I think the common target, which is what my end target was, was this low.
A couple reasons why I took profits and set stops break even, because every trade is different. So a lot of people would say, okay, well, we took the buy side into the POI, which is the daily fair value gap. We had SMT. We had a balanced price range. This is free. It's going for the sell stops under these lows. But what you have to understand is, for one, it's CPI. For two, ES is telling us up. And on top of that, we're just looking for price to move from imbalance to liquidity to imbalance.
We're watching price actively. We're not just going to set our limits here. I'm not. And just hold till the pits. So just because this isn't much of a move. It's just one R. Doesn't mean that you can't make good money off that. Or pass fun and challenges off trades like that. Now this is going to be another unpopular opinion. And this is something that I even am coming more to terms with. Yes you can get 10 R trades. Yes you can get 5 R trades. But if you understand price. And you genuinely.
consistently look at price and say, this is what's about to happen. And you notice that you're right most of the time. For a one-to-one ratio, you just have to be right about 60% of the time to break profit. Now, you want to be right more than if you're doing only one-to-one. But that's not my point. We're not going to be only doing one-to-one. But you can take profits at these levels. If you're hitting two to three trades like this in a day, you're going to pass a funded challenge relatively quickly. So I looked at this as SMT divergence, balanced price range.
As price traded back up into it, I watched for a push out of it. I didn't use any market structure.
As soon as we hit it here, really, I was in that one minute candle. I just marketed it. I'm sure my entry was probably a little different because of spread. This was just me mapping this out. And I saw no reason to go above this balanced price range. Now, to be honest, I could have put my stop loss a little more tight. Now, that's one thing where I look and I'm like, okay. But, you know, it's CPI day. It's automatically lower probability conditions. And I didn't risk my normal risk on this.
I'd like to set up so the reason that I said I'm taking 50% up here and breaking my stops because
ES was bullish overall. Yes, we had S&T, but we're still making a higher high with nice displacement. So that tells me we have a good chance to go higher. And when we look at this, this was kind of a news-induced rate on stop. So there's probably institutional involvement down in this area. So price moved down, 50% off. Now, as price huddled around here and stopped, this is where, if I took 50% there,
and just got break-even, that's not really much. I mean, it's still adding up, like I said. But as price kind of got back and down in here, it was $9.51, right here. When I started to see that reaction off of this candle, and if we look at this candle, and this is, you can just look at, if you'd like to look at it as a rejection block, I usually don't use those. Notice how we started pushing right off the equilibrium. And again, this is where it gets discretionary. A mechanical way to do this would have been to wait for the shift.
to exit, but I just exited right here. So, you know, yeah, it could have been a little farther in terms of risk reward, but just be based off of kind of understanding, or at least being confident in what I think I'm understanding, I was able to secure those profits and not just let them get break even because the trade did indeed get break even. And I expected the market to go higher. I was going to look for another buy if we came down in here and got our pattern, but we did not.
so i didn't break my rules in longness even though i was watching this like damn this is going to go right because again you don't have to take that low you know if we're looking at news and dudes price action it's going to be a little a little choppy a little sloppy but notice i would have got stuff to break even if i would have taken my profits down here so the moral of the story is you have to be aware of your surroundings and you need to be nimble and don't get so robotic that you're not able to
be real with yourself you know if you're looking at and this is something a lot of people that are very new
So this is the fine line between watching your trade and just getting scared and just closing your trade. Now, don't ever do this with stop losses. This is one thing I want to be very clear on. Let your stop loss always do its job. That's what it's there for. And people can say the standard might take profits. I get it. But whenever we are looking at something like this, we're this close to a win, I don't see as much wrong with that as if you're very close to your stop loss and you close it.
The reason it's there is because you're saying this idea is valid unless it goes above that level. And to close it up for that is completely redundant. But if you maybe have miss shot your target, the trade, if you have target partial targets, if it hit here, it's a profitable trade. You made 50% of that position. Let's just say it hits that and goes right back to break even. That's okay. So just because your targeting is not hitting your full target,
That's not as much of a trading error as closing your trade early before stop loss. Yeah.
The thing I want to instill is don't just take this and run with it. You know, I wasn't even going to talk about this because I feel like a lot of people would take it the wrong way. Like, oh, like that. I want to get scared and close my trades all the time. And that's not what I'm saying. But, you know, when you have a logical reason to when you're monitoring your trade and you say, OK, like I have a pretty good idea that, you know, I'm in deep profits. This is going to turn around on me. There's no harm. Now, another mechanical way is if you were to see something like this.
right market structure shift
this over here fair value gap you started something like that you know maybe nothing then here's another one right taking out this high over here and this would be like your long-term highest terms of this little consolidation we had is very short so at that point you know a reversal is expected now if we're looking at s p from a bullish standpoint we're expecting a higher high right it's lower probability because of cpi day everything's just a little sloppy but that's what most likely would happen so
That's my thoughts on whenever you're on a funded challenge You know if you just a couple of those that you don't take those profits on and this is more for like low risk reward intraday stuff It's not this isn't for if you're in a swing. Don't just don't do that If you're like a week's days to week swing, it's different But if you're trying to pass challenge trading indices, especially There's gonna be a lot of trades that you know you have that turn around on you and You know just a couple of those trades taking those profits and chipping away is how you're going to
be able to pass those accounts now this is more again this is more for like a scalping you know day trading strategy using ict stuff there's a lot of other strategies that may be different so don't try to take what i'm applying or saying and apply it to something that i don't do so there's that now es the trade i took on es was just solely based off the fact that we saw this displacement down right here into this 50-minute order block and we explained earlier in this video about why this is relevant because of
time it was created and that it was the basis for the move of the day yesterday so as soon as we got this displacement off of it right you know you could look at this as a structural shift i guess i wouldn't you know what price came up and i watched this kind of just sit here and i almost didn't take it because another thing that i'm trying to make mechanical is using rebalance theory um basically price trading into a fair value gap and trading out of it with aggression
or trading down to the bottom of it and trading back through it, that's whenever a price range, it's rebalanced. Because you want to trade down through it and then up through it. If I would have been a little bit more, I guess,
confident in that execution, I would have executed a prior right here in this candle, right? Because we went through it, came back up with it. So that the price range is balanced. The whole idea from an imbalance that there was no trading going on and only one side of liquidity was being sought after. In this case, we're coming up and mitigating this order block and this imbalance. So, but now we came back through it. So now, and then we pushed it again. So now it's balanced. So price shouldn't theoretically, if price is bullish, now this is the key. If price is bullish, it should not.
go lower than that. So I just used the bottom of this fair value gap candle, targeted this liquidity. On MFF, it hit before, one of these, it hit before the actual high. I don't know what was the, I guess it was US 500, was just acting different. And the reason for targeting the high was because if we take out the sell side, and to a point of interest, we're going for the buy side, if price is bullish. Now, that is one thing that ICT used to say that would confuse the fuck out of me. Because if you look at the chart, you could say,
That's not true. Not every time that we take the sell side out and go into a point of interest, we take out the buy side. It's if market structure is bullish, right? And at this point, if we're looking at it, go back to where we were, market structure to me is still bullish overall. Not internal structure, but if you look, we're really expanding off of. Here's the London...
That was a nice power three yesterday. I wasn't trading yesterday. But we see this push down yesterday. So we're seeing price take out sell stocks, trade into order blocks, and expand. So price is overall bullish at this point. Maybe not from an immediate internal structure standpoint, but when we're looking at it from what order flow is being respected. That's the way I look at it. And on top of that, we have this daily order block. And I mark the entire candle in the zone.
but we didn't hit into the actual body. So regardless, if we did hit into the body, I still like a sweep. You guys know that, that I like a tap and then a sweep into it. You might not always get it, but that's what I usually look for because somebody that trades off of this, if they're trying to sell here, obviously, it's so obvious where their stops are gonna be. There's a ton of people who have stops right here right now. So price is likely to draw back to it. And if it doesn't, then you revisit where price is likely to draw to based off of displacement structure.
So that was my logic for that trade Thanks for a subscription Sawyer Ganey David Johnson, I'm sorry. I'm not I don't know if you're joking, but he said blew my account gambling on CPI anyone want to give me a small loan you
Get up, uh, California, um, check caching. They used to have all those fucking ads. What's up everybody in chat that I just now looked. Um, that, that was the kind of the only directed part of the stream that I wanted to go over. And that was something that I decided to talk about after this morning, but, um, let me look at the chat.
Okay, never mind. Sorry, you can't hear me. I saw Fetty say couldn't. I was like, bro, I've been talking for the whole time in Discord, nobody can hear me. But okay. What's this right here? Yeah, that was my logic for this. And notice I'm not saying to trade CPI. I didn't trade until after, right? I'm not going to say and tell you how to trade the entire day, but you know. So overall, I haven't really looked at everything except indices.
So where DXY is at it's gonna be pretty interesting So if we we displace like this, you know under the like really where we're at and we just close like this I mean, I could see us drawing down a little around DXY and You know, this is something with crypto. I still could see crypto going higher I mean, I think that we might be traced a little bit off that high and I'm trying to be patient because even myself I got a little FOMO watching some because I wasn't trading Actively for most of Monday or Tuesday or Wednesday
And it's like every fucking time I do that, it's just the market does something crazy. Maybe it just seems like that. But I started being like, damn, look for some longs. I was like going down my watch list. Like, you know, damn, this looks good. Like maybe just caught some equity. And I was like, bro, just wait. Be patient. I will give some setups I'm looking for, though. I'll show you guys. XRP, which Glacier and Flavit already got us in. But I am looking for another position. Now, I wanted to see a displacement over this high. Oops. Right here.
I want to see more of a displacement. We're not getting it now. Okay, there it goes. Sorry. Make sure it's good on Discord. My mic loves to do that shit. Audio's a bit laggy. I don't know. I mean, it's storming like crazy where I'm at. This mic, dude.
so better now that's good yeah i don't i mean my mic was like unplugged this mic is it's good quality it's the hyper x podcast i don't like bash it too much but it just it like it literally just turns off and on and i used to think it was my old pc's uh usb3 ports but i got a new pc and it does the same thing so just cuts in and out let me see if it changed the settings because sometimes when it does that it'll turn on echo cancellation now should be good let's see
I don't know. It should be good. Let me know if it keeps doing it silent or anybody. I don't know. It shouldn't be doing anything. Or if anybody on YouTube, if it's doing it there.
Um, okay. There's a couple things I'm missing. So, um, nice trade. Yeah. Oh, it's up. That's you. It's up. You probably fucking killed it too. Um, do I trade challenge accounts more aggressive than final accounts? Absolutely. And there's a lot of stuff I just kind of hold my tongue about because I don't want to like induce people to do stupid shit, but I can't help it. If people do stupid, I'm just going to share the way I think. And I don't mean you, you need to take it in context. So like some people would say,
Oh, Casper said to go fucking DJ on funded challenges. That's not what I said. I said, I trade more aggressively than a live funded because you have a time limit. Now with my funded Forex, I think they took off time or they did take off time limits. So that's different. But you know, if you have 30 days, I mean, there are a lot of good trading models or trading strategies that don't get 10R in 30 days if you're trading one pair. And there's a lot that do get that as well. But you know, for those of the people that
you are trading on a time-restricted challenge, you're gonna have to be a little more aggressive. Now, my version of being more aggressive is that, like I was talking at the beginning of the video, I take profits a little differently. But even that, I do that on my live a lot of the time too. But the biggest difference is how much I risk. So on a challenge, I risk 1%. Now on my funded, I just risk half a percent.
And then I cut that in half if I go to drawdown. But, you know, at the end of the day, to me, it's like slow and steady wins the race.
No one are at half a percent at the base level was 1500 bucks. So, you know, it's Yes, sometimes I look at him like damn, you know, you should be risking more but that's just my my strategy is how I do it helps the psychology it also helps with In the cutting in half helps if you do go into drawdown But um, but yeah, somebody else can I please explain displacement? So for instance, if we were to just to reverse here prices kind of came down
that wouldn't be displacement because we couldn't even close a candle above this. Now, just because we close a candle above something doesn't necessarily mean displacement either. But like, okay, I'll give you an example. So like this right here, this big move down right there, that's displacement. You look at that and you say, okay, something happened there. Somebody entered the market right there and pushed it down for whatever reason. Now, usually you're using that to determine
A, if your POI that you're trying to trade from is good, or B, what price is seeking out. So for instance, as soon as this happened, you close this candle down here, you say, okay, well, we're seeking out this low, and you see what price did. Now, for whatever reason, now look at this. We took out the low and pushed back up. So that is not displacement. Now, if we see something like this, oftentimes, you're gonna see this hit, because if we fail to hold displacement under a low, then this high is likely to be targeted.
Not always. Or you can at least look at local highs, like the high that pushed it down. And that's a little bit more of a stretch up here. But targeting this high, which already hit, is not. Because you have this little range, right? You have your deviation, and then you push up and take out the high because you couldn't displace under that low. You couldn't hold it there. So if you don't hold the price there, oftentimes it's just a rate on liquidity. So that's why I want to see displacement here so I'm not buying and becoming liquidity.
So if I were to see displacement up here, I would start to look for buys inside this gap, depending on how, if we make it lower low today, it'd be different, but I would look for buys inside this gap and I'll look for four hour levels around that area. And if you see, we have this whole sell to buy range coinciding with that. So whenever I see a four hour level coincide with the daily level, it's automatically a high value area in my opinion. So, you know, but I need displacement of that high on the daily.
So in XRP, I've studied a little bit because the price actions, it moves very well, but I've noticed that it's very wiki on the futures charts. So we'll see, but that's what I'm waiting for on XRP.
optimism overall is just a pretty strong coin ever since its inception i mean yeah it's had its retracements and stuff but um you know i look at it overall it's still a very bullish range that we're trading within and if you look how we're reacting to optimal trade entry and the bullish order flow that's being expected respected you know price is overall pretty bullish now we already tapped off this whole little sell to buy range right there we didn't get a sweep
So the best scenario would be if we could maybe come up
Take this high and then get some kind of retracement to get a short entry That was something else I was watching for optimism, but eventually I'd really like to be a buyer of optimism At this time right here, you know to me the overall structure the four-hour Is this and we really are trading up into this order block right here? I'm not super eager to short crypto to be honest with you because if you look
some people might look at this and say, okay, yeah, we took out the high, we got a raid inside of the 4RPOI, and you pick this, and you say, oh yeah, we closed under it. To me, this is not, this does not look like it's gonna go lower. You had this massive, I mean, it could, it could, it definitely could, but to me, it's like you came down, now you're trading back up, and if you get above this high, now if you start to displace more, like if you see more structure, the downside.
display is forming it's clear then yeah you might want to look for shorts but until you have this wick right here to me um even though we came back down but we're just testing it's kind of like es this morning on the lower time frames so again i just want to see um where we go with that but op is another chart i am watching um zill has another big chart i want to watch that depending on the price actually get down here i might even grab some equity just because the way i look at it is we came down
we've swept out nearly every last bit of liquidity that existed into this weekly order box swept these equal lows and you see the reaction we get off of this right so we came down um if i drew that whole weekly order block you know all the down candles a little sell to buy range we did get a sweep of this low um into and then just that massive expansion up you know that to me
We kind of took out price there. Now it could be just a rebalance here. So that's why I want to wait till we get down here because we're really using the daily to try to kind of anticipate more of a weekly move because we have this fair value gap that could easily send us down. But I want to see how the four hour reacts once we come back down to this zone, if we do. And then you can watch this fair value gap as well, but something else to keep an eye on. Now, another thing I am pretty...
This is probably the setup that I'd be watching the most is Bitcoin dominance. So I haven't really ever traded it too much. I watch it from time to time, but I like this setup. So we look here.
We came down, we took out this low, swept it again, and we failed to displace. This is on a weekly chart. We're failing to displace under a low, we're trading into an order block, and we're getting market structure shifts to the upside. So that tells me we're bullish and we're reaching for something on this timeframe. So what is that something? Well, I don't see anything except this fair value gap.
So I like this as a weekly drawing liquidity and if we look we came back We took liquidity right here nice shift and displacement above it came down. We're now tapping into a daily order block
And we also have bullet structure in the daily, right? Pretty clear bullet structure, in my opinion. Now we're back down to this order block. And the only thing that stopped me from longing just off the rip was I want to see a sweep of these lows. They're too clean. I might end up getting left in the dirt. So if that happens, if we start to see more displacement, I might try to look for an entry, but I'm trying to be patient and wait for my model, which is a sweep, after we've initially got this laid down, price moves up. Because again, imbalance, right?
Rebalanced liquidity so that I want to see us and after if we do take this low right to these lows I want to see a very sharp push out of it taking out a recent hot That will give me enough to frame along. This is probably the better setup that I like and also whenever we look at total I'm excluding Bitcoin
I think that it could see some retracement soon because we have all these highs. And this is just alts, basically. We have all these highs right here we're taking out. And we have an imbalance up here. And alts have been running way harder than Bitcoin. Bitcoin's been running, but alts have been like, I mean, shit, we have like paybacks going massive. I mean, it may not look like it, but I mean, I think it was like a...
42% move and was that four days, you know really three days most of it wasn't this these three candles, but I Could see Bitcoin dominance for those who don't know Bitcoin dominance is just the percent of the market cabinet. I know this is a Number but the it's weighted by the percent of the entire crypto market cap that Bitcoin accounts for So how's the daily price action on Bitcoin?
let's go ahead and take a look so overall the um weekly range is pretty wide so i'm not going to consider this a new range just down here i just see this as consolidation and we have this massive push down with the ftx scandal and we push back down into i think it was a monthly fair value gap yeah this monthly fair value gap here and everybody's bearish this shit on bitcoin
So once we get a push down into that, we see this consolidation and now we're pushing back up. Now we do have this impulse structure that we could just, you know, go into this imbalance and, you know, go down to the downside. It's very possible, right? But if we're looking at the monthly chart,
The monthly chart overall to me, I would consider really all of this one range from COVID to the top. And I'm not, you know, the economy's fucked right now. There's a lot of crazy shit. I'm just going by the charts. I'm not sitting there telling you Bitcoin's, you know, bullish range. We're just going to go to the highs. I don't think that. But I am saying I think we have some room to retrace at this point. Now, if we look at the weekly range right here, we have a very wide range with liquidity front running premium pricing.
then prices kind of came down we rebalanced into this fair value gap so we have that now we might not see that that's kind of the breakaway gap and here's the measuring gap
We see this, we'll likely see higher pricing. So I'm not going to go that high. But what I do see is prices in a discount. It's hugging discount on both the daily and the weekly range. And now we're starting to get prices coming down, forming highs, and taking those highs of displacement. We're starting to respect bullish order flow on a daily chart.
I could see price even going as high as this high up here. And again, we want to take it step by step. We're not going to buy Bitcoin here and just target as high as possible. We want to see what happens above this high because we're coming to this fair value gap. And then really, once we come back down into a discount of this recent impulse in the daily, we want to start seeing the four hour, the one hour start to shift bullish and respect that bullish order flow if we want to see higher prices. So that's where I'm at on Bitcoin.
I'm just kind of sitting on my hands right now. I misordered on this week. I'm looking at 50 minutes going for that high. Equal highs right there. Everybody that's shorted and trying to short CPI is going to have their stop-offs right there. And if you see, right off that order block. I mean, it's pretty clear we'll see those highs again, in my opinion. Now, somebody asked, oh, you didn't trade highs. Dash, yeah, I got you on Dash.
Lot I must just say that it's silent said long now target all-time high one second entry 7,000 restore word just kidding Okay, so dash what I got dash my dash what chart is this fucking up? Yeah, it is so
Look at all this liquidity and we came down here with consolidating in this liquidity pool Not really coming as sharply out of it as I'd like to see for some kind of major reversal when I look at the daily chart To me this looks like a pretty clean power of three. So I think the overall drawn dash is 5850 now Reason for that is we see this massive consolidation
that is then sponsored to the downside with a Manipulation and we push very quickly out of it. You know, if you see we didn't hang out here for long There wasn't many entries if you were trading, you know, you're waiting for this shift, you know, you didn't get an entry down here, you know, if you're trading Something like this. Yeah, you got an entry right but
that's just clean so i mean to me we're going for these highs that's just the way i look at it so i'm looking at that as a draw on liquidity and i've got a um it was where is it
i'd like to see us come back down a little bit we and again we don't have to because we look we tapped into that whole down move so i haven't looked at charts this chart in a while but i i've been dashed overall i like overall so i mean really you're respecting all these order blocks so we have this down move right here that created an up move so that whole range we've got equal uh highs right there or i mean sorry equal lows so we could maybe even refine this down to this unless an alert for that
won't necessarily require that to get involved but um
but that that looks good we have those equal uh lowest front running this actual last candle before we really started to expand if we go to it one hour it's probably gonna be a cleaner we had this push down push up in that last little range really was this to this so that was the true down move that you know swept liquidity from these candles and then expanded so we've got liquidity front running it i like that zone overall um now if we don't get that we just start holding displacement above these highs if we look we are still
an internal level making higher highs and higher lows on a four hour chart so because we've got
right here right here and then now we've shipped it up and now it came down in the order block seem to be seeking this high right here so if you're more on like a day trading scalping um level you know you could have said okay i'm gonna trade the 15 minute um based on a four hour i should see higher highs um up at least to this high and this is just 15 minute structure too just like we look at a daily chart you have optimal trade entry price traded into an order block and this imbalance span it off so
A lot of different ways you can attack that. I don't know if you guys might even be able to hear the rain. It is fucking boring right now. But, yeah, so I think that pretty bullish on Dash. I just, again, I'm trying to see some form of retracement to get an entry. But if I start to see displacement above this high, that's when I'll just basically try to get that silver bullet, so to speak. Now, also, another thing, let's see this. No, actually. No, I like Dash, though. Overall, it's a 58.50.
Yes, the video will be saved. It'll be posted up to So I said how to trade I'm a total beginner. I'll just be honest with you There's no way I'm gonna explain that to you right now in this video But if you want I have the whole like private class library and play that it goes literally starts the beginning with market structure and we go into everything from You know time theory to trading psychology So if you want you can get a free trial to the discord the link is in the description. Just use code Casper
Thank you. I trade challenge accounts the same as I would have funded account and get frustrated because it takes so long trading so conservatively. I just want to be very clear because I don't want to say stuff that people take and then go just do something crazy. I'm not saying degenship, but I am saying just, you know, monitor yourself, but don't be afraid to take part. You know, if you're up, let's say, let's just say if you're at, you're taking a 200k challenge and you're at 210k and you're in a trade that's got you to 215k.
and the market's just sitting there, and your target was only going to get you to maybe 216 or 217, fucking take it. You're that much closer to passing. It's not about min-maxing everything. That's what smart money does to a lot of people is they see stuff on Instagram and Twitter, and it's like 15R, and while that is possible, it's not going to happen every time. There's nothing where I'd rather get stopped out than watch a trade go from profit to a break-even.
If it's a small profile, you know, just pumps up and goes, stops you, that's whatever. But I'm saying if you're up, you know, like three to four hour, and you're sitting there like, maybe I should take it, and you don't take it, and it goes down, like, that shit is fucked up. That's the worst. And it fucks your psychology. Maybe not everybody, and you'll get better at it, but even me, sometimes if that happens, I get a little frustrated, which is something that I definitely try my best to work on. That just looks good, though. This looks so good. I'm actually going to post something on Twitter.
this is gonna sound like hypocritical but like uh there was i was watching a podcast from like a like uh one of the traders who's been trading for 20 years and he's like you know people tell me i wish i tp'd here i wish i tp'd here don't say it do it so wait actually i'm glad you brought that up i don't like you know i'd add this to my current because i'm gonna keep forgetting about it
Bitcoin's taking out the high right now. Okay, there you go. Oh, wow. Holy shit. Yeah, it's fucking moving. I'm guessing the stock market's pushing too. I don't like that. Oh, there you go. That happened pretty quick. God damn, it's ripping.
Big fun dominance. I'm a bumble bumble bumble. No, I'm just kidding. But yeah, overall, everything looks pretty good. Crypto looks good. I don't want to lie. Now we're getting those decisional points where you could reverse, but overall, until we stop respecting bullish order flow, I'm not going to try to short things and catch the top.
How can you pass a funded account? Well, develop, first things first, you need to develop a strategy. If you just buy a challenge and you don't have something you can write down and say, this is why, this is what I look for when I get on the screen, and this is what it takes for me to get into a trade, and if I don't get that, I don't trade. If you don't have that, you shouldn't pass a funded. I mean, shouldn't get a funded. Because even if you do pass, even if you do pass, and you're at that level and you're trading, you will lose the account.
I promise. Whether it's before your payout or whatever, I don't know. But if you have that mentality that you're thinking more about making money from the funded than you are developing a strategy where you can consistently make money and trying to learn, and you don't want to backtest, and you don't want to do all that stuff, then you're not at that level yet. You might pass the challenge, right? I mean, hell, somebody could fucking have shorted CPI or long CPI.
with a hundred lots or something and on NASDAQ and pass the challenge phase one-on-one go. And that doesn't mean they know shit. It doesn't, you know, so something to keep in mind. Um, I'm not, I'm not talking about you, bro. I'm not, you, you, you've been like that, but you're, you're killing it now. I'm not talking about you at all. That's most people though that take, that take, uh, that was not talking about you. You're doing good, bro. But, um,
Player wait, you said can I hear you? Hold on I don't have my fucking headset on bro. All right now. I have it on You know, I was just saying that People I was watching an interview from someone who's been training for a long time. He said people tell me like oh I wish I TP there like don't say it just do it Yeah, and like you know
It's just one of those things that like, when I try to teach or try to talk about things, I try to, I know that like, like somebody, okay, like if I say that to you, you're going to understand what I'm saying. If I say that to the wrong person, they're going to be like, oh dude, Casper said every time that I fucking get scared, I'm going to hit my, I'm going to close my trade. You know what I mean? Like mechanical, but yeah. Yeah. There's now I will say stop losses I think should be, um, should remain. That's just me now. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Cause dude, like for instance,
And you should have a mechanical way of break, uh, break evening your stops. Like we talked, I talked to the way that I do that in the, uh, the class, but the, I asked you about that. I remember that. Yeah. Yeah. So like, but like, dude, there was one week, um,
Robbie and Glacier will remember it. Uh, it was like three trades or something. Yeah. It was like that three trades where I would have literally made 11 K and I just got stopped to break even on all three. And I was like, bro, that fucked with me. I was like, I remember I was pissed off and I usually don't get, I mean, I wasn't like, you know, angry and good. I was like, just, I was just disappointed myself. I was like, what the fuck, right? You just fumbled the bag. And it was like, in the first couple of weeks I was funded too. And I was like,
dude you're out of that fun and it's that fun in psychology we'll start making you do oh even better bro the you're talking about stop losses the cpi whenever news comes around and no sl strats the best like no stop loss oh yeah the news is just gonna destroy everything
Like I just don't use a stop-loss on your news cuz it has to go my way. So it's a strap. It's a strap That's a fun great risk management there. Yeah Look at that five-minute candle. I'm just kidding tp tp tp dx wise I think it's drawing to this low
and that's this is another good example of something and this is totally left so i might not get this right i mean it's again it's not like it's that hard to point this out but so one thing i used to do was like if i'm looking at this bit of price let me just go to like usdx so i can have a better cleaner chart oh it's not well actually it's similar so if i'm just looking at like this bit of price action and i'm looking at you know overall um my you know external swing structure here would be like
I would say like, I would just really include all this here. Big push up, big push down, push up. So I'm looking at all of this as like my, oh, fuck that one up. As my swing structure, right? You know, a lot of people, what I used to do is like, you just always look at the bottom as the, where south side is residing. And while that is, the bottom always does hold south side, but it's not always the,
The only area that you can see a very sharp reaction from if price is to you know remain bullish now In this example over here We're looking at this, you know Where did we move the most aggressively from do we move the most aggressively from right here? Is this aggressive or is this aggressive?
So you have to ask yourself, you know, if we're putting in a big push, there's going to be stops right there. There's always going to be stops at levels like that. So if you're trying to target something and you're going to low-hanging fruit, that's what you target. That looks way closer. Is it just, is DXY just like dying right now? Okay, never mind. It's about the same. I think that's what we're drawing to. Yeah, if we don't start, I mean, you know, when we're looking at this, I mean...
I'm being so I could go lower. I just I'm interested as we close because If the XY does start to move lower, you know, it's gonna be a pretty pretty nice for equities
it's interesting and i mean crypto i mean i'm just being honest the crypto looks good if we're getting to that point where it could start looking bad really quickly right because we could see a bearish power of three you know so that's why i'm trying to not foam one things you know glacier and playboy got you guys into some badass entries on multiple things so i'm kind of just chilling right now um because you know i could see maybe we just this was just accumulation could come down but you know no reason to try to forecast just better to react
And chopper I just saw those messages you're gonna get matching watches bro. Let's let's run it
What do you think about the 15 or what do you think about this 15-minute point of interest? Three-minute confirmation church and enter in the three minute or two to one Sounds good, but I think you're missing it. I'm sure there's probably more to that But you know what fit what context is a 15-minute POI is in a bullish, you know Are you trading pro 15-minute and if you are trading pro 15-minute is it pro 4-hour? And if you're trading pro 4-hour is the pro
Is the four-hour pro daily? And then is the daily the pro the weekly? There's a lot of different things that you have to think about. If you really want to make something like, if you want to test something that's super dialed, think of it like you're trying to teach a machine something. If you just say 15-minute point of interest and three-minute confirmation, it's going to trade every single fucking 15-minute POI that gets three-minute confirmation. And I'll go ahead and tell you, that will not be profitable.
I mean, maybe it is on whatever you're trading and you can test it and tell me like, hey, you're wrong. But there's a lot of context. I tweeted that. That's one of context in trading, like in price action trading is everything. Like you can have the 15 minute looks great, but why does it look great? Is it just retracing the one hour, the four hour? Or is it continuing? Like, are you in expansion mode on the higher timeframe? And then what about the higher timeframe than that? And then the higher timeframe than that? Because everything is trading within context of something bigger.
Dude, my cat is like scared of the thunderstorm. He's just meowing. I don't know if you guys can hear it or not. So he said lost 2%, but if I risked another 2%, I'd be 8% up. You know that's not the way to think. 19.380, nice target. Let's one hour order block this over here. I don't know where you see a 19.380, to be honest, unless you're going lower than a one hour.
Link and oh wait. I missed your question. Oh you did. I'm sorry Bro, I'm experienced in some point with ICT concepts. I'm pretty good at analyzing the market in terms of where it's likely to go but my problem is I'm quite often taken off within High timeframe price delivery, right? So I'm guessing what you mean is maybe Something like this like here's your your zone and price comes into it and you're watching and it comes out you say I'm gonna trade right here and
and you're targeting whatever christ does this so this happened if that's what you're talking about and if i'm gonna watch the chat i'm gonna try it's a little laggy but tell me if this is not what you mean because i don't not 100 confident i understand what you're asking but if this is what you're asking happens to everybody i think i think it's part of like learning um entries on the lower time frames and what i recommended and for uh first off
When I'm looking at this, what do you really see? You see a nice smooth area where there's probably going to be a lot of stop losses. So you have to watch for a rate on that. First of all, you don't want to have your stop loss in an area that is likely to have other stop losses, except stop losses using the logic that you're using. So let's say we have some price action like this, but let's say there's an imbalance right here. So again, price moves to
Move down here. I'm sorry price moves to an imbalance Right, and we've probably taken out some liquidity getting it out here. So we took out liquidity It's gonna move to an imbalance and then we're gonna move liquidity so once you kind of clear the way so it's because you've already moved into this fair value gap and Once you have a displaced push down here And you see your consolidation then you get a displacement up You know, you might look at this as bear structure, but you're operating within this higher time frame range so
Once you get a displaced raid, and then a sharp move back away from that, inside your POI, that is when you're ready. And this is where I think that, I know I had a hard time, because a lot of stuff will teach you it's just super mechanical. You'll just see this. Everyone's going to be like...
The famous fucking, right? And it's not always like that. This is a concept, right? The concept is the components of it are a push into the point of interest, another push sweeping out those stops. Now that may look like this. It may look like this. It may look like this.
You see what I mean? It's not going to be as clean cut as that. The components are still the same. We see a push down, displace push under it, and a push out, just like we see here. So right here, we see the same thing. Push down, displace push under it, and push out. You see, it's not always just this little W that is really easy to explain. Sometimes it is. On the higher time frames, you're more likely to get that. But when you're trading like one minute and five minute entries,
You know, it's usually not going to be that clear cut. It's usually going to be some bit of consolidation. And then you get that displaced push and then the push out. And even this is clean, like this is clean. But the whole idea is you want to push in the point of interest and you want to engineer liquidity. And then seek out that liquidity and confirm that that liquidity is being utilized by a bracket structure with displacement. And the displacement is the most important part on both ends, the raid and the push out of it.
So you wait for a stop hunt and still there's another stop hunt and after you're taking off price goes in your direction I would guess that it's probably that you once you get that stop hunt you're not getting displacement out of the stop hunt that that would be my guess If you want you can tweet me. I'm like an example and I'd be easier for me to give you advice on it So I'm not financial advice though. It's a link. Okay
oh the cat needs some treats dude he's spoiled bro this cat is spoiled he's like honestly bro it's actually my girlfriend's cat but i never am like been a cat person but i love this he's cool as he's like a little dog he'll actually follow you around he doesn't ever scratch you but um he's a little prince bro my girlfriend it's like she loves that cat so link starting a weekly even do a monthly because link has a lot of price action
So length on the monthly Didn't happen to this order block right here. So we will I'm gonna need to do this So I can disappear. I'll bring it back. So it's a monthly order block there So ideal if we want to see a big push out of something we want to see it there I mean, but you have to remember You know, we do have this monthly fair value gap
We've traded in and consolidated in for literally six months. So now if we look at the weekly in that context, the main thing that I don't really like about it, and we talked for this with Link a while ago for like long-term stuff, is we have this range. So like, for instance, if I really want to see a nice reversal, this could be something that's like cooking up that would actually be very nice.
You know, we had this range of his liquidity engineer on both sides. So I want to see two things happen. I want to see a massive expansion off of the equilibrium. Right. That's an old ICT thing, but then it's just reaching for one of the sides. So what I'd really like to see, because often, you know, price is going to be
expanded it's consolidating so we're likely to retrace or expand for me and that's obvious only that guy but when you look at when you look at the price section below I would say you're more likely to retrace but I would want to see a push down into this that would be that the on a high time for mobile that would be ideal and yeah it seems like we might be reaching for those levels but we took out this low we found a displaced under it so we could see this high be targeted
So if we go down to a daily time frame, what do we have resting above that? A nice order box on the daily.
I think this is a good draw on liquidity for Link. So I would be bullish on Link until $7.80. Might be a little bit of a stretch, but that's just based off the weekly timeframe. We have a lot to get over. I don't think it's going to be just like overnight. And the daily structure is overall bearish, but I look at this as a rate on stops. In this range, these lows have been protected for some time, so I don't know exactly what it's going to take to take those out. So that would be my high timeframe look at Link. The other one I think you said was Litecoin, correct?
Gold went crazy, bro
And no problem. No problem, man. Just tweet me and then I'll link in Litecoin. And then I'm going to do Litecoin and then I will do UJ. And then if you tweet me, I will do that one. And then I'm going to be hopping off here. I actually got my girl. I got her office. I got her. Her birthday is coming up in a little over a week. And I got her office. I got all her stuff to set up the office.
and i've been like hiding it in the garage and she's uh working today and she has she won't be back till like five so i've already put it i got a secret labs chair it's like a pink one and i got her like a desk and a bunch of other little like lights and designs and um i'm gonna set it up for her so i need to get off here and get my ass in gear um her watching the stream yeah right she hears me talking up
she's not watching this i say that she's gonna come and be like oh yeah like you said this on stream she actually helps me with a ton of this stuff so she's um she manages uh social media accounts for a marketing agency or an advertising agency she gets on my ass if i say marketing check it's advertising it's not marketing i'm just like whatever but i'm litecoin
Bullish in the daily now. I had seen a big push-up So this this chart is a little different than everything else. I'm looking at this like You know, I mean like what's a clean clean chart, right? But I see like corners as being fairly bearish over on the weekly, you know, it came down here and took that so I like, you know priced on the weekly and went from This high kind of this low to this high to that low boom So let me look at the monthly
And trade into this order block here keep that in mind Definitely keep that in mind now if we look at the weekly The honest the weekly price action doesn't look bad even though that weekly range is bearish
Actually, I thought that was a high. It came down. I mean, it wasn't really a high we've taken. It was a strong high, in my opinion. Now, if we were to take this displacement, that's a long ways, but if we took it out of the displacement, I'd say my coin's going to go fucking insane. But until we take that, I look at this kind of as a potential zone. We're at a very pivotal moment. It's equal highs, engineer on the weekly and daily chart. We just came above them.
it's kind of counterintuitive to my other crypto analysis to be honest but this chart has also been counterintuitive it's been much stronger now the daily structure is bullish overall so if we start to see a reverse whoop here and i would want to see daily market structure shift because that's where you're talking about really high time frame stuff you know i would be probably looking at a push down into this candle
That's what I'd be watching for. This isn't something I'd be, this is an area where it's like you've met your daily draw on liquidity. So if you're day trading, in my opinion, this is where it gets a little choppy. If you came up above here, it's like, now what? So then you can maybe use a one hour or a four hour to try to get a jump on that confirmation. Or you could just wait for the daily to shift out and take down a low. I would watch at least like a one or four hour. Because if you look, this to me is also going up for the highs.
right here because if we look the structure from here here and i pushed up we did hold that displacement so now i've traded back down at the water block higher highs until we fail to displace over high i'm gonna look for another high but we're getting that area where you're more likely to reverse because you came above those equal highs um can we tweet me where's it uh i don't see it if you want me to do it on here please tweet it soon because i gotta go soon um
Also, no problem. I enjoy doing the analysis for you guys. No problem at all. Can I shed some light on Nifty 50? Okay. Actually, fuck it. I'll do Nifty 50 in gold. And that's it. That's actually it. Unless there's something in the Discord. LTC looks like a big harmonic.
oh god that's one of those oh god dude i swear there's been a couple of these like the grt when we played it and play with a lot of the smc people are about to be like the are you doing putting a harmonic on your chart i'll just tell you guys like i know ict will like talk about harmonics but that's just marketing harmonics definitely work in certain contexts i don't think this falls into uh um
This would need to be different because if we have a 786 XA retracement, I think that it's been a little rusty on harmonics. I think you're supposed to have a That's a butterfly. You're supposed to have like an extension thing Yeah, I used to use that's harmonics and SMC together. I don't really do that anymore, but higher time frames they hit so yes 786. Yes 1.27. I still remember
Those the play bit OGs know about the harmonic days we used to mark that shit But yeah, I mean well that would put a good old like point at like fucking negative C
I'm definitely buying like what a negative 82. We have a bullish fucking butterfly. No, but GRT actually, I'm just going to pull this up just for fits and giggles. This, um, see, it's still here. We traded this. I haven't looked. This is in the Coinbase chart. We traded this equity. This is like my old TA actually. Surprises have been deleted. This is where people, oh yeah, you know, harmonics don't work. And they usually align with SMC.
But the whole life of it on Coinbase, which is where I CO'd was a literal massive fucking bullish bat if you use a 7% error rate. So on the higher timeframes, I used to use a higher error rate for the B point. It was right at over 7% of a 50% retracement and then a very close to 886, which is an ideal bullish bat. First target is going to be Equilibrium, but we targeted that order block right there.
And you see, it does work sometimes. You have people like, oh, that doesn't. A lot of newer people, and this is something we talked about a little bit in the Discord and chat. There's a lot of the ICT trading community, it's new to trading, and it shows because they bash other styles and they kind of fall for things. I trade so many concepts. I think that it is the more precise, and it's definitely gotten me farther in my trading. But I will go ahead and tell you, it is not the only way people that trade make money. That is...
Something that ICT says because he wants people to worship. That's just me being honest. But, you know, everything he says is true as far as, like, the analysis. I do believe the markets are manipulated. But to say that all other strategies are just completely stupid, you know, that's just an ego trip. Now, I will say that they're not as precise. And oftentimes when they do work, they are paired with smart money concepts. But newsflash, whenever there was a big move, there wasn't just one way to catch it.
There's a little, just peace of my mind right there. Now, back to your heights. But back to, yeah, 786 is a Gartley. No, 618 is a Gartley. And then 786 D point. Let me see, I think. And that might be what you're saying. 618 B, 786 D. Yeah, so 786, yeah. That's a Gartley. Maybe that's what you were saying.
But that, when we were talking about a 76B point. Yeah, Glacier still trades harmonics. Glacier was actually the one that got me on Steve Carney forever ago. Or Scott Carney, not Steve. That dude's a fucking... He cons motherfuckers. His indicator was such fucking dog shit. I just tried it. It was like, this is such a fucking dog shit indicator. And it was for harmonics. It was a long time ago. That was a long time ago. That's pretty crazy to think about.
Don't I measure the equilibrium of consolidation from the bodies of the candles? In some context, yes. So if I'm trying to use like time and price, I do. Like for weekly power of three, I do. For daily power of three, I do. But if I'm talking about just overall range, I don't. Like on a daily chart, I don't do that. But for time and price theory, I do.
And yeah, in core content, ICT explains that the right way, but I saw him using Wix. Go ahead and get used to stuff that you see in 2016 or even 2022 that will be contradicted. But there's a lot of gold to get from that, but just don't fall into the pit of just like totality, so to speak. Now again, I've completely lost my fucking train. Oh yeah, nifty.
that's what i still don't understand i use bodies for high time frame and uh weeks at low time frame at this point because yeah go ahead my bad i've interrupted you because yeah i mean he just flip-flops back and forth so i mean it would make more sense for bodies to respect high time frame than low time frame on fibs to me yeah and and you know anything like that there's always it's like a there's kind of like
It's kind of like a badass car right so like if I give you a Z06 Corvette, it's just stock
One person is gonna tune it different than the other person. Now are both cars gonna be fast as fuck? 100%. Is one car gonna be better at some things than the other? 100%. So same thing with trading. You know, you can learn SMC or ICT concepts, but you have to put your own touches on it based off of what you trade, when you trade it, what time frames you trade in order to be at maximum efficiency. So that's the best way I can put that. So now for Nifty 50.
I mean, it doesn't look bad here, to be quite honest. South side down here. Now, on a monthly level, on a monthly viewpoint, it's just like at some point, some point, this is going to come to the downside. But I haven't really seen, I mean, you know, you could look at this as a displace on the downside. Price traded back up into this order block.
a daily we got another move to the downside straight it back up into i guess if you use these whole two candles that order block you're taking this liquidity but not displacing under it seems like this market is closed wait is this even the right what's the day on here okay yeah it's just closed um so i mean you're not displacing that low that looks like a liquidity grab and also there's a lot of volume imbalance right here
This void is now filled. So, you know, I see two sides of this. Based off of the fact that it is just ripping at all-time highs, at some point you got to retrace. And we've taken out these buy stops here, market structure shift. Not really a fair value gap. There is an imbalance right here that was made. It looks like it was traded into. Then if you go to a daily, after you come to that level, shift down. But that could just be seeking out this liquidity. So what I would do, if I was trading this, I would watch like a one hour or a four hour.
and the one hour looks good the one hour looks like it wants higher i would say to draw on liquidity for this is going to be that right there for low hanging fruit your day trading this i would try to try to turn to that high right there revisit after that
gala short entries i wouldn't i wouldn't even try to pay attention to trying to short a dollar right now i could be wrong you might come back next week and say dude i should have shorted it but ict concepts works on crypto or not or partially it definitely works i think it's lower probability than something like yes though
Hi, I'm a good I know just as I am a good ICT trader on demo. So will I pass the funded challenge? You know, I'll be honest with you You might be a fucking you know badass on a demo and then get fucked up in a challenge because The difference between that challenge and the demo you're on is one has stakes and one doesn't so there are a lot of good analysts who are off traders and It all comes down to trading psychology. So
I can't answer that question for you, but when you really think about it, if you're honest to yourself and ask yourself, do you have good trading psychology? Have you ever traded with real funds, even if it's just a little bit of money? One thing that I think is a good idea for people to do, because there's a lot of people in a space where funding firms are much more popular than when I started trading now. And so we started with our own money. And you got used to trading with your own money and losing your own money and making money and that.
Seasons you and kind of calluses your mind and makes it more
a familiar feeling to manage a trade that's real. Because on a demo account, you're going to hold a full TP every time. You're going to get stomped down, re-enter again. There's a lot of stuff that you're going to be doing differently on a demo than a live account. So I always say to people, if you've never traded with any live funds, like zero live funds ever, start up an account with something that you're totally fine to lose, like 50 bucks or 10 bucks. I mean, that's probably not, I don't know. Everybody's different.
Whatever that number is to you where you just would litter if you lost it out of your wallet you wouldn't freak out of do something like that and just start like You know what I mean? Like just get something real going because psychologically you have no idea just because you're on demo like do you know what it Do you know what it takes? Technically like I'm saying technically as in a chart to pass yes, but can you execute it? So I've seen a lot of people that know what to do, but they don't do it
You have to have it plain and the only person who knows is you. Yeah, exactly. Market maker false bullish bearish flags are nice when the price comes to the high time frame price delivery array or the area of distribution. Sounds good. Oh, UJ. I got you. That was when I forgot. My bad. That fucking emote is funny. That'll leak you. I like that. Yeah, I mean, UJ.
The way that DXY is looking, it doesn't look like this is getting much of a reaction. That alert set under this is not, those stops are not getting bought up. If they did, it all happened right there. So I think the draw right now is this weekly order block. So bearish on a weekly timeframe. Same thing on a...
A daily, I'd look at this fair value gap. I mean, I hate to be that guy. It's like, yep, we're moving down. The fucking candle's like massive. But that's just where I would revisit it. Now, if we displace under this low, watch for a reversal. Not even a reversal, but basically watch for the beginning of a retracement. Because really, on the weekly, UJ's already bearish. And what the Bank of Japan did, we're not going to get an economic session, but...
uh they're basically eliminating a money hack that a lot of countries were using with the yen so you know the yen's gonna be very strong and the dollar if dxy starts breaking down and if we start seeing some bullishness um based off of you know inflation starting to lower which i don't think we're anywhere near a bottom but um you know that would put this chart in a bad shape i mean if you look at it on the monthly came up and took this high
There yes, we see this is a good example of like displacements hard to be mechanical Yes, we closed about that. Do I say we displaced about that? No, I don't think that's a spice money. That's like goodbye If you look we had this order block that we tried them to and couldn't close above it. So to me Just looking at the monthly chart
Yeah, actually the more I look at I think this is gonna go lower but the most local draw it's here you might see some upset from there but overall Target for UJ on a monthly level would be 126 36 and that is on What feed am I on? FXCM
Yeah, that and the reason that's the first monthly and this is just prices frack I'm gonna look at the monthly similar talent like other things when in terms of retrace because you know prices expanded saw some Solidation lower time frames now retracing back down where back down a discount prices now if this was to go higher and resume this fucking
you know, maniacal bull run on UJ, I think it's going to come to a discount first. So I think that low right there in the weekly could be a good target, but the draw is the order block. And that's my, that's how I use low hanging fruit. If I see price pushing down, if I was just in a short run here based off of the low timeframes, I wouldn't target this, you know, I'd be getting out here at those first areas. Cause you know, price can, you know,
it's still going to be bearish you might push down in here and then it could sit here do this and make equal lows and run up you know hundreds of pips and you just got clocked for no reason so low hanging fruit is always good in my opinion as long as you're getting you know two to three hours sometimes even lower if you're you if whatever you're doing you're very confident and consistent it's all about making money it's not about catching tops and bottoms every time um it's kind of a little extra i mean if you don't tap into this and you just kind of reverse from here
I mean, if you leave this fair value gap, I'd be looking for shorts in there because it's that kind of silver bullet, so to speak. Four hours, obviously bearish. And you took out the, and this is how, this is a good way to look at something. Whenever I say is bearish or bullish order flow being respected. So we took out buy stops, failed to displace. And this is a good example of displacement too. Failed to displace, so what? You take out the low. Now on top of that, we were bearish in the daily. And what were you moving into?
daily fair value gap. So again, push into it. Even when we came out of it, massive pushback. And after we took out liquidity here, took out liquidity into a higher timeframe point of interest. I mean, it was a four hour imbalance too. We took that out and did a tap into these lows. So that was what some people would call it efficient price action, so to speak, because I didn't tap it the first time. I don't really use like the peaks and valleys method for fair value gaps, but some people do this. I guess they would.
I'm not exactly sure. I've seen people talk about that. I don't use it. But the main thing is we took liquidity in a higher timeframe POI and the market structure shifted. This is the same thing if we're looking at a one-minute entry model. It looks exactly like a four-hour, but I would look for price drawdown to that 128,609. Thanks, man. Trying to adapt the smart money concepts in your view. Alignment with mine. Have a boost of confidence. Cool. Gave you a boost of confidence.
So I said, what ICT teachings touched my heart and filled remaining gaps in your understanding to be profitable? Did you go through any charter videos? If you're talking about 2016, I've watched every last bit of it and a lot of it twice. I would say some of the most valuable ICT is if you're new, month four of the 2016, which is the core content, and then month five, six, and seven. Those, especially if you're trying to day trade and stuff, those are all very...
Very powerful parts of it. But I'm just going to be honest with you. Just be prepared to sift through a lot of wasted time and a lot of talking about why ICT methods are better than others and why other trading sucks. That's kind of like my whole thing is I try to teach you guys the valuable stuff without sitting here and talking about stuff that isn't as valuable to you guys directly.
Is my strategy the 2022 or 2016? I would say neither really. It's really just, I take, again, it's kind of like earlier talking about the car example. I just take what I see of value and then I back test it and I see what works better for me. And then I just kind of build off that. You're never going to be very consistently profitable trying to mimic.
something else, because you're not seeing through that person's eyes, so you're not going to do everything exactly the same. It's all about putting in the time and effort to test things, to learn them, and genuinely gain an understanding, not just, okay, I watch this video and he did this, I'm going to do it every time. You're going to get fucked up doing that.
can i analyze eu okay actually i know i keep saying it's the last chart i still i was i've been waiting for that tweet from you um i want to just ask that ict teachings question because i wanted to help you do chart but shoot it off now or forever hold your peace till next stream
um eu smt failed let's talk about that right this week it didn't do much off that on the four hour so it took out the high though so i think we talked about the bearish dxy and overall i wanted to see a draw here i just wanted to see price go down a little farther and this is only marked up here i think this is what you're drawing too yeah i could wait everything's moving i could see a little bit more upside on stuff
I think those weekly highs on a weekly low, and I'm not saying you go straight to it, but I think on a daily, not a weekly, on a daily chart, I think this is your draw right here. What this reminds me of is ES back here. See these highs right here? That's what that reminds me of. It knows you've been around for a while. Remember, we actually longed to those highs on that day.
Yeah, that's what I would see with EU is drawing upwards. So, you know, look for higher time frame levels. And this is something I used to get so confused by. When you're...
When you're establishing a draw on liquidity, it's easy to just be like, okay, it's easy to just be like, okay, like long, long, long, long. Like, am I saying the 15 minute is going to stay bullish all the way up to this level? I'm not, I mean, it might at this point, you know, but you want to watch for like higher timeframe levels, you know, look for like, for instance, here, like, let's just say a price moved all the way up here. I can click right.
All right, so we're going to appear kind of consolidated, got really close, and then starts to push down. Maybe watch that order block. And another thing that's important is time. Let's say if this order block hits at like 6 p.m., don't worry about it. Don't even mess with it. It's not going to be a value. The highest quality entries on EURUSD are going to happen between 2 a.m. and 5 a.m. or between 8 a.m. and 10 a.m. That's sometimes 11. That's where you're going to get the actual institutional volume is those times. So when you're trading Forex,
It's really important that you're focusing on what time you're entry. The whole idea is you're trying to trade with institutions and commercials, and they're not trading at certain times.
Any tips for journaling or backtesting? Yeah, you need to have a trade plan. We actually just did a class on this and play but like I think either Last week, I think it was last week. You need to have a very if-then plan. So like for instance You know you needed to have like your routine which is your markup what you do on all the charts You know your monthly weekly daily four hour one hour or whatever time frames you trade You need to have a very written out a checkbox style plan that's in front of you while you're testing you need to have a
specific trade model, you know, okay, maybe like somebody said, all right, I'm trading 15-minute points of interest with three-minute confirmation. You need to have a specific time of day. This is something that a lot of people mess up is like they'll test a model and they'll just watch that chart and they forget, you know, you're testing every single opportunity. And, you know, in real life, you might only be trading during New York. And then, you know, that model might be profitable, but then during New York, it's not profitable. So, you know, whatever, everything needs to be very, very
um pinpointed now if you're trading a discretional model which is something i've been doing recently kind of just trade like you know it's just oh my other light died um
So let's see. So like this right here, it's just like a discretional M15 execution, but I'm only trading it during New York. I'm only trading S&P, and I'm just basically looking at price, how I would if I'm trading like the way I like to trade and executing on those executions. Now, I recommend Forex Replay. It's really cool. You can build a strategy. I did a whole lesson on this in the private server. You see, I've tested this one for 263 days.
Text this one's a little skewed because I tested a lot of different. This is just a very wide I was using some 15-minute entries on this It was actually up a lot more. It's only up 12% There's not the greatest for that amount of time, but um this one I like a little bit better. It's up 18 or 18 days up 11% So this one's like, okay, that's gonna pass funded challenges much much quicker But um, yeah, just my tips are but for journaling and backtesting you need to have an if-then process you have a routine of
what you are actually going to do before you trade in a real market and be very consistent because if not you're just skewing your data i just wish i had those meal preps you got on your hands too bad there's none in nys i don't know where nys is but they ship clean eats is who i use
do i try the judas swings plus smt you know i was i need to get back to it i need to test it now that i've been back testing more recently than i have in a long time but i was um testing some on us 30 because dude us 30 whatever like if you get smt on a one minute or a 15 minute and it gets a fair value gap like that's just gonna go most of the time so us 30 is wanting to test that that out um nzd cad going to the one hour time frame
I've never even watched this pair. Maybe I have. I don't remember it. So you took out those stops and moved pretty great. I would say overall in the daily, you're in retracement mode. I mean, this has a lot of room. If I was a betting man, I'd be looking down here. Overall. Overall. It's going to take a little while to get there. If I look at the daily chart...
move down very wiki so what i would like to do is map this out and then i'm gonna do a four hour see what's in there and we have a nice rejection block price traded into one hour some awful price action on the on the one hour as far as this confirming this but if you use a 15 minutes can be a little clearer and i don't mean to say that like it's you know it shouldn't be trace you see that confirmation out there i will say that these highs are very clean i don't like that
Again, I mean, I don't want to skew you from your bias, because I don't know what you said, NZCAD, going to the one-hour time frame. I don't want to skew your bias, but I could see this going down further, but those highs are just like, they're just, and then look at this, too. Sometimes, you know, they may not get tagged, but for me, I just, I don't know, man. I don't like that. We also have this big push down right here.
This fucks it up if it wasn't for this there was a little more consolidation here. I'd look for a market maker model But I don't like it. It's not clean enough. It's just too long, but I could see a push-up in these highs This is something where it's like I could see it going either way too much so that I personally wouldn't be involved for my model But I also do see a taking out these highs
And then failed to make the lower low so see right here took out those highs failed to make a lower low So I'd say you're drawing at least to this high
New York State. I'm sure they got something up there, but you can get clean eats is what I use they they'll ship It won't be as fresh, but they do ship also guys. I gotta go I really get a guy stand on way longer than I plan to I gotta do this for my girl. I will see you guys on For the private discord. I'll see you guys on Saturday. So we do our weekly class and for everybody on YouTube. I'll see you on Tuesday
If you want to join the private class, you can use the link in the description and use code CAS for all caps. It'll get you a free trial. And I hope to see you guys in there. Until Monday, or sorry, until Tuesday, I'll see you guys later. Peace.
