all right so right now i'm floating twenty thousand dollars on this trade and i'm about to break down this strategy for you guys because it is extremely simple and just recap this trade and show you guys exactly how i caught it literally all you need to do is go to a four hour time frame okay so once you go to a four hour time frame you're going to be looking for something that most of you guys already know what it is but most of you guys are probably using it wrong and that is a fair value gap so all of this started with this fair value gap right here now
if you want to have even more probability in which fair value gaps you're going to use that they're going to be you know a good fair value gap that's actually going to provide a big move you want to watch like what was the context did this fair value gap get created in okay what happened before this fair value gap was created and i want to look for two things okay number one i want to see some kind of sweep of liquidity now when i say liquidity i just mean a swing high or a swing low so for example if you notice right here this candle
had a lower low than either candle on side of it right so if that candle right there has a low that's lower than these candles that makes it a swing low whenever i'm you know using this term some people have different ways of explaining it now notice again too what happened before that so we had the first thing which is just seeing some kind of sweep of liquidity and once the market does this and we see it reverse we know that all these traders down here are trapped okay so anyone who wanted to sell right here
the market moved aggressively against them. And that's what you want to see when you want to look for a buy, which is what this trade ended up being. So also too, what do we see before that? And this is the second thing I like to look for whenever we're trying to determine what fair value gaps we want to use for this strategy. Now, what happened? Where was this little liquidity sweep happening? Notice what happened before that. We had a sweep.
then we had a bullish fair value gap or a series of fair value gaps get created and anytime the market is responding to lows like this like you see the market come under a low on a higher time frame like this four hour and then it creates a big displacement to the upside leaving these fair value gaps and then it does it again you sweep liquidity again push to the upside like who is being wrong right like you want to look at like what side of the market is wrong
And in this example, the side of the market that's wrong are the people selling. Every time they try to break down through a low, they get absolutely cooked. And the market just reverses on them, pops up to the upside. So what are we expecting? We're going to expect for that exact same thing to happen again. Right here, it did. And this is where we got this entry. So now, after you've identified you have a good fair value gap, and remember, there's two things. You want to see a liquidity sweep, and then you want to see what was happening.
with that liquidity sweep like is this a continuation of a move that has been already proven to be bullish so whenever we look at the fair value gap and then we want to actually confirm a trade we want to go down to the 15 minute chart now you can also do this um oops wrong thing you can also do this by having uh the one hour for your fair value gap and then you would use the five minute it's all the same in terms of like this
the patterns you're looking for, you could just use it across different timeframes, but those are the only two. So I'd say again, four hour fair value gap, use a 15 minute to find your entry. If you're using a one hour fair value gap, use a five minute to find your entry. Now, once you get down here on this lower timeframe, you don't want to just wait for the market to trade into this fair value gap and then immediately enter the trade. That's what a lot of traders do. And a lot of people also just look for, you know, something as simple as a bullish market structure out of this level, which isn't going to be.
good strategy you're going to lose a lot sure you guys have probably tried this what you want to see is the market to consolidate in this range okay so again we want to look how the market reacts to lows highs and fair value gaps whenever you're trying to evaluate if the market's bullish and whenever you're looking at this big fair value gap right here you can use the lower time frames to gauge whether or not the market's still going to be bullish because you don't want to just trade based on the fair value gap
otherwise you would literally just enter the trade like as soon as a fair value gap was created just buy right we don't want to do that we want to make sure the fair value gap is actually going to work so what we are going to do is wait for a consolidation and what i mean by is consolidation is you want to see sideways price action without a bunch of energy you don't want to see like a bunch of really big moves you want to see things just kind of moving sideways like almost think can i draw a rectangle around it okay now if you notice that you can
What you want to see is the price to go outside of that little rectangle, right? So if we draw this consolidation right here, right? Once the market comes back down under these lows, we're going to look for history to repeat itself, just like it did over here, just like it had done over here as well. You want to see us get bought up, right? And bears or people who are trying to push the market, you want to see them fail. And in this example, as you can see, that's exactly what happened. And that is where the trade entry was found. So if you can look at this right here,
there's a very very simple way to determine when this is happening because you might be thinking oh well you know every time the market comes under lows how do you determine that we're you know when does it trip over and you confirm that we're going to reverse and continue the upside it's pretty simple what you want to use is the same tool that we're using in the higher time frames you just want to watch fair value gaps but you want to watch fair value gaps against you so in this example i was looking to go long or in a buy and i wanted to watch
all of the fair value gaps not just one i wanted to watch all of the fair value gaps in this last little down move right so how do you determine a down move just a swing point to swing point so notice right here there's a swing high down here there's a swing low okay so all the fair value gaps in that last down leg i want to see all of those get inverted and whenever i say inverted i mean you want to see a candle body close through that level now as you can see right here
market did push up now in this example i entered a little bit early just because i mean quite frankly i've been doing this for a very long time going on my ninth year trading and i have a good feel of when things are going to happen but if you want to keep this mechanical you'd wait for that candle to close okay i would recommend if you're a beginner just wait for the candle closure it's not going to make too much of a difference so what the trade would have looked like and you can you know map this out by going on trading view clicking this clicking your long position
What the trade would have looked like right here, if you'd have waited for that, would be to enter as soon as the candle closes the inverts these. You put your stop loss under that lowest low. And then to find our target, we want to go out to the four hour again. And what you want to look for is any obvious area opposing to where you're at. What I mean by obvious, let me just delete all this so we have a clean slate.
when i say obvious what i'm saying is where are a lot of people who are shorting like if a lot of people are shorting in this market where is their stop loss now if you notice right here we've got a lot of equal highs so people that look at support and resistance right like where are they going to think that there is resistance in this range i mean as you can see they're definitely going to look at this zone right here that's really it okay and another little secret too um is look how this
market was moving up before where we're moving up right here we left a lot of fair value gaps that we're now trading out of so there was more even more context to why this move's happening so on the other side of the market who's going to be wrong now if you look right here there's so many stop losses at these levels now how do i know that well really simple because people who are shorting are going to look at this like resistance so if we are looking for the market to go up and we're bullish and we're in a buy
We're going to look at that as a target. Now, the trade, whenever we started, we entered right here and stop loss would have been right here. Now, if you would have entered whenever the candle closed, it would have been a little bit up. Because remember, I'm saying for you guys who are a little bit more new to trading, I would recommend that you wait for the inversion candle to close. Then you would have put your targets all the way up at that.
set of equal highs like this but we don't want to just let the market you know run and not protect our downside so we have a really simple way to trail up stops if you notice right here the market kept putting in bullish market structure and when i say bullish market structure i mean very simple guys we have a low we have a new high that's formed and the reason that i say this is a new high is because we closed a candle ideally we want to create a fair value gap but you close the candle
through this high if you create a fair value gap that's an even stronger trend but right here we see the same thing we have a low higher high right right there we're closing through the old high so see how we close through this high right there not only that but we also created a fair value gap and fairly gaps are just a really good tool because they show you who is in control of the market it takes a lot of force to move the market that fast that it creates a gap
So we know there's a lot of strong buying in the market. And as long as there's strong buying in the market, we still want to be in the market. Now, if you notice again, we did the same exact thing right here. And now we are doing the same exact thing right here. We created another fair value gap. Now, each way along the way, you want to trail up your stops under each low because you don't want to let the market just turn around on you and waste good profits and take losses you don't need to take. Now, I also like doing the same thing even once we've hit our targets, right? Like, let's say if we hit any of these targets, what I'm going to do.
is I'm gonna see how the market's reacting at it. And if the market puts in, like let's say we put in a huge candle through it, right? I'll probably put my stops at the base of that candle. Now this is a technique I call price weighting. It's just a name for whenever the market hits into a big target, you wanna look at the candle that hit it and you could put your stop loss right under it. This helps you be in the market if you do get a big squeeze and the market just rallies because eventually, sometimes you will get that. Like if you look,
on a lot of these trades action go i challenge you guys go look at your charts okay whenever you break really key levels like this right here like notice right here the market pushed up imagine if you put your stop right under that candle okay then once you make a new high see how much more you would have held and got stayed in the market once you make a new high you just do the same thing right see if you would have done that in this example you would have been able to hold this market for a very long time because we pushed up what happened after that the market made a new high
so you would have put your stop under this right here and you would have been able to get instead of just taking your profits here you would have been able to hold all the way another 140 points i mean like that's a massive difference and these are the kind of things that a lot of people don't really talk about and yes it does take a little more work but at the end of the day guys if you do these little micro optimizations to your trading a lot of times it's going to have more impact than just adding more strategies or making things
you know, having different entries and all these different things that all these new traders want to do because they're sexy, they're fun. And like, oh, I have this new crazy strategy. But at the end of the day, guys, you're here to make money. So that's what I would recommend is really going back and looking over your trades and seeing like, how can I get more out of the trades?
that's pretty much it for this strategy guys subscribe if this was helpful and also comment and let me know if you like videos like this because it's super low effort i really just haven't been making a lot of these because i focus on like the more you know high quality youtube stuff but truth be told um i kind of start sharing more like behind the scenes with you guys and go over more live trade breakdowns and i really don't even care if it gets views to be honest it probably won't get as many views as some of the other strategy videos but
We're here for one reason, and that is to make money. So appreciate you guys for watching. Subscribe to the channel, and I will see you guys in the next one.
