That's good. What's up, what's up? What's up, Nathaniel? And Lucky was good. Let me take down this background before I do half the stream and forget to take it down. Oh, shit. It's been a crazy day today. I'm actually watching Alpha right now. What am I doing?
Yeah, Schmuck got you guys a nice snipe from the bottom there. I'll actually look to take longs if we can get more confirmation, but depending on how you look at this, this is why I want to cover some market structure basics because I know everybody is like on the rush for SMC or...
you know choach chalk change of character whatever the fuck you want to call it everybody's trying to use it and um i see a ton of mistakes being made and there's so many different ways that a lot of these different people are teaching it and a lot of it's just rebranded um repacked like different names for the same thing so
What is this? Yeah, I'll look at waves. Let's just do waves. Might as well. Let's just look at waves. So.
Whenever you're talking about structure, we'll have to watch the recording. Can I do T on XMR? Yeah, sure. I guess he's not in here. I don't know why I'm talking to him. Matt asked me to do XMR. Actually, I was looking at XMR earlier. A big key with understanding structure is, first off, you have two types of market structure. You've got your swing structure.
And then you've got internal structure. Some people use internal structure for a change of character. I found it to work better as long as you know what you're doing. But a lot of people, and I mean like more people than not, even people that know what they're doing trading, I see fucking up with market structure, like a lot.
Waze has some pretty choppy PA right here. But we'll do it like this. We'll just do the path icon. So we'll start from over here. We'll just imagine. I don't know what was before this. But you've got a high here. Here is your old low. So you made a new low.
OK, we had a little pullback. You know, some people may not even use may say this isn't a pullback. I would call it a pullback. Different people have different parameters for what they determine a big enough pullback. I kind of just look at it as, you know, did we see a retracement that had somewhat of a relative, a retracement relative to the size of the swing? Like, for instance, this swing went all the way down here and then we barely saw a pullback. I wouldn't really.
probably worry about it too much but i think this is good so i'd go there and then you have let's see right here i would look at like that and this is some choppy pa so and then you go to now we're kind of just ranging around here so that's your swing structure this is a weird example because it's kind of ugly price action i mean it's not when i say ugly i don't mean bearish if anything this looks better than a lot of coins but um
It's just choppy. So we have these major highs. It's kind of like the naked eye, like what the naked eye will see when they're plotting structure. And as long as you're in a market where we're seeing lower lows and lower highs, then you're still bare.
You may find a reversal, and you can pair this with other confluences. Maybe it would be down and we're in demand from somewhere over here. I don't know. But until you start to see higher highs, you're still bearish. You can start to see a change of character and maybe catch longs down at the very bottom. But oftentimes, you're going to want to wait until we shift bullish and then wait for the retracement.
For instance, with this price action, we're not really bullish until we break this high. And that's going to be your swing structure. So then, and that's pretty easy. A lot of people get that right. I mean, I still see a lot of people messing it up. But then you have your internal structure. So we'll just start, and this inside bar is going to be a good example. So your internal structure, it's the same concept as your swing structure.
it's just what is a low's job is to make a new high and vice versa if you don't have a new low well you don't have a high in order to have a high you have to have a low otherwise everything is just every wick is a high and every you know wick low is a low but we're looking at internal structure we're looking at candles that are in a internal leg of price inside of the main price swing and you can have this in the four hour you can daily any time frame
All time frames, anything you do on any time frame can be done on another. But, of course, you're going to see more powerful TA done on the higher time frames because you have a bigger data set that you're using. But let me get the highlighters. This is a better tool for this. Where is it? I think I have to change my settings. I haven't used this one in a while. So.
If we look here, starting from, we'll just start this inside bar because it's a good, actually, let's go up here. So if we look here, we'll just start right here. Okay, this candle right here doesn't have, this is an inside bar right here. So for to say this is a low would be incorrect. Why? Well, because this low did not sponsor a new high. So we have here.
We've got a low. Why? Because the next candle broke through this candle's high. Then what? We didn't break through this candle's high. If we look, let's zoom in. With this candle, we didn't make a new high. We made a lower high. This is going to be part of your pullback. Here's your high. Here's your low. We have a low, lower low, pullback. Here would be now your low.
So I don't know. Nobody's talking, so I don't know if this is making sense or not. I don't know. It can kind of be confusing. Like, I remember when I first learned this, I could not fucking grasp it.
This is from Photon, Brody? Huh? I picked that up. What you're doing right now, I picked that up from Photon. Originally, the person that I learned it from was Ment a long time ago. Oh, Ment in fact? Yeah. I mean, really, all of those people, every last one of them is just, they're just reteaching ICT is all it is. Literally. Yeah, definitely.
But yeah, exactly. Like a lot of people, but I see so many people in chat that like don't do this right. A lot of people. So many people. I definitely agree with you. And then it's like, you know, trying to use like order blocks and anything, all this other stuff, like people, like if you don't understand structure, it's kind of like.
you you'll get good plays you know i'm saying like people i see people profiting of shit for sure but it's like i guarantee it makes for a more stressful trading um
I guess you'd say. Yeah. So I peep some shit too, right? So I've kind of been tweaking this out. So you know how people will usually, like me, myself, for example, I will usually set like a limit on like a supply or demand, for example. So what I've been doing is once that a hit, instead of answering it there, I'll wait for like a lower time frame. Like let's say I got a demand or supply in 15 minutes. I'll peep a five minute.
And wait for like a charge breaker structure and then play the RTO of that for like an extra confirmation. Yeah. Instead of just playing that limit on the actual supply slash demand. Instead of using a risk entry, using a cost entry. Yeah, because supply demand limits, bro, like that I would set. Some of them would just get violated just because not every supply slash demand.
is you know gonna hold the way it is you know you probably get like some type of reaction but not the reaction you really want to see and so yeah i mean it's just all goes with your style too like exactly like because like i feel like everybody when they learn like when i first um was getting into like smc like last summer right i think it was the first thing they got me and you know introduced to it was using order box and i was like using order box
but I wasn't really like, I knew that I didn't fully understand. Like I was like, okay, well I get it. I get the concept that there's algos and, you know, BFIs that are putting orders in here and not all of them got filled. So when price comes back here, they're going to get filled. I got that concept, but you know, I wanted to understand more about it. And when I first learned about it, I learned about the confirmation and to somebody, I can't remember if it was meant or people call it different shit. Like it's all just called.
It's the same shit, but everybody just... Either they rebrand it and make it... There's two types of SMC teachers, and there's one that I really don't like, and then the others I do like, regardless if they're copying someone or whatever. There's some that try to make it too complicated because they want you to depend on them, and that shit's annoying as fuck. To be honest, I won't even lie, Matt does that to a point, but I still like his shit because he does...
have a very good perspective on things. But he tries to, like, use bigger words. You know exactly what I'm saying. Yeah, I know what you mean. It's like to kind of hide it in a way, but, like, either you pick it up and you, like, you feel me? It's like they teach it in a way that everyone's not meant to understand and they don't want everyone to understand it. Yeah. I feel like a lot of people, they just want people to, like, view them as, like, I don't know. Jesus.
Yeah, exactly. Like, you don't have to do all that. But, you know, I can give you a funny example. Right. So like me, for example, how.
cars, right? And then you're going to have people like, what the fuck is an FR? You feel me? But it's not for the person that I learned. It's not for the person that I learned it off of. And it's like, you feel me? I got that question today, bro. I got that question today while I was scalping. Did you see that shit, Algo? I'm sure you did. Yo, we can catch moves off this. We can catch moves off, Naz.
My high profit on there was 14k in one move. Do you play on a broker? I think you're playing a broker. I have my prosperity account that I mirror the trades on. Then I play with my prop account. Then I also trade on my TD and mirror trade. Depending on how good the move is. If it's really good, I'll open everything I have and have the same position.
hell yeah yeah because like i know that um minis are the one of them's what is it 50 a tick i have uh i have a 100k account like the prop one yep hell yeah i thought i've honestly thought about it for the pandemic i thought about doing a prop one because um i want to start trading forex but like i don't want to like pull my money out of futures
and plus to be honest i fucking despise trading anything except bitcoin on mt4 i'm not gonna lie and even then it's like it's fun and i like it because just the format and it's mt4 but the spreads like trying to do some of the way that like these one minute entries like just not even it's like pointless almost with with most i don't know but the broker at the spreads are the same i mean prosperity wasn't terrible but at the same time it was like that shit would be like 60 bucks off
like a lot of the time like 60 to 80 bucks like spreads so it's like fuck bro like a lot of my stop losses it's like it's like my whole stop loss doubled now but i want to trade forex more like because i have a little bit i moved some to my prosperity account but it's like not that much to where it's like you know it's almost like a tease you don't really need much that turns into a lot of money very very quickly
Yeah, I literally, I traded Eurodollar. Like, I just, I hadn't even traded Forex, and I looked at Eurodollar, like, this is like, I don't even know, it was recently, but I was like, holy fuck, this shit is so much easier and better price action than Bitcoin. And the more I look at all Forex, really, Eurodollar is like, that shit is like the easiest fucking thing ever to trade. You gotta look at GBP, JPY. That's probably the fastest moving.
Major. Yeah. It's ridiculous. Your stops need to be wider on this thing because the swings are more violent. I don't know why. I would think that Euro USD, but nah. I was thinking Euro as well. I know Euro moves. Yeah, this shit loves the liquidity rate. Look at this.
What do you think about US 30? Yeah. You got to have years under your belt to trade that. And even then, it's just like, bro, trade fucking Nas instead of US 30. That shit's like kind of... I mean, it's cool, but... US 30, don't get me wrong. You can catch like 4,000 pips a day, but you just have to know what you're doing. Like, I've tried it with this strategy, and it's just too violent. Yeah. It's fucking great. You got to get...
be a breakout trader in a sense if you're trading us 30 because you got to ride that wave you can't try to like you know get in at the order block because pullback you know how it does liquidity rates on order blocks you need like a hundred pit wide stop on that thing yeah i'm on a 10 lot and i'm like oh my god i'm gonna lose
Yeah, dude, I traded US 30 a long time ago when I first started fucking MT4, and I made money, and then I lost it right back, and I was like, alright, I'm good on US 30. That was a long time ago, though. That was before I even really was anywhere close to the confidence of the shit I'm at now, at least. Like, now I would trade, like, let's just put it on. I haven't honestly looked at this shit in a fucking while. Which feed should I use? Maybe Oanda? No.
I'll just use currency.com, whatever. What are these lines? It's funny when I go on a chart I haven't used forever. What is this? I had it marked for some reason. Because the last time I did tea on this was July. Oh, actually, I remember this. I think Playboy and me both were trading this one day. We were just fucking around and we were like, let's see. If I remember right, it went well.
Oh, it went kind of well, and then it didn't. It went well at first. I think this is the TP right here. Yeah, it hit like one TP and then just completely turned around. But I'm doing all this TA. So US 30, it's like, what? So this is just the Dow? Yep. But it's such a big, it's worth so much money. Yeah. It's basically like trading Bitcoin with assets behind it.
And that's the price target, by the way. What you just highlighted? Yeah, yeah, for sure. If you look at SPX, so if you look at the SMP, we're doing price target for me, TP1 is $366.50, TP2, $340, TP3, $278. Are you just swinging shorts? Yeah. Small lot shorts on prosperity. Oh, yeah.
they're up like 150 200 bucks you know it's not this is a small lot i'm playing a 0.5 on a what two thousand dollar account so it's not it's not which prop which prop firm do you i want to kind of because what is it you only have to throw like what like two racks for like a 400k account or something like that no it's 600 bucks really 100k yeah
there's pros and cons to it yeah i'm sure um if they feel like you're too violent like you have limits with the thing you can only risk like personally only risk three percent i have extremely tight stops just because um if they feel like you're trading too aggressively they they'll pull your account um so you know like i'm very cautious what are the parameters like
no more than 10k loss in uh no sorry no more than two or 5k loss in a month you have to make five percent of the port
and you have to trade I think like 10 or 20 days out of the month depending on who you get and you have to practice good risk management strategy because depending on who you have they either tell you it's different because like the one I have is like they'll tell me I'm funded and like my account is funded but it's not really funded until like a year and a half from now when they see that I have like you know
a year or two of making money for them that's when they give you a real like yo here's a million dollars right um and there's a very few traders that have like one of the services there's only three people that have gotten paid out
you know and it's a big company but there's only sorry only three people that after their first payout they continue to getting paid consistently um the average statistic is if you hit one big trade the likelihood of you losing your account within a month is like 90 because you get too aggressive and emotions take place like when i was reading the statistics i was like god damn
there's a reason they do it yeah i mean it's good but bad i i have it on the side just because you know i can screenshot pnl like oh i made 15k like yeah i'm gonna get paid out don't get me wrong i'll get paid out and it's my money but
it's not my money right you know what i'm saying so right and at any moment they can say all right you it's like what yeah see that's the thing that like i don't know i was like yo you got to build both accounts at the same time your private account and your prop firm the prop firm is just paying your bills your investment accounts your investment account that's where you buy your dividend paying stocks you reinvest into divi paying stocks like everything else
dividend stocks will outperform any portfolio because statistically speaking when somebody gets really good at trading they have a limit to where when they get burnt out even if they take breaks because you know it's a psychological game you know so you have to build that psyche for you to continue having those exponential gains um so yeah that's why dividend portfolios out beat
you know trade anybody that day trades because your part your divi portfolio will reinvest in itself and 10 years from now it'll keep compound growing versus you know taking like some big losses and trying to make it up with the next trade that has good rr
and it's just based on people that have like you can go pull up the statistics when you get the chance just go uh on google and type in prop firms and it's going to pull up i think there's like six or seven of them uh they all have different requirements you don't have to start off with 100k account you can do 10k and it costs you like 50 bucks for 10k and if you pass the 10k account obviously you can do the 100k account and you can use the money from the 10k account to pay for the you know next account right 200k account
Cost a thousand bucks.
Yeah, I don't know. That's dope. I kind of just want to just trade Forex. If it's $600, I'll probably end up doing that soon. You could trade Forex on your home broker and not have to... Because, oh, one other thing. You can't trade through volatility events. Like NFPs and... Yeah, you can't trade FOMC, any of that shit where it's going to go violently. I did it and I almost failed my test because of that.
and it wasn't even on purpose like i had to leave the position open till the next day to be able to close it
It was, like, nerve-wracking. Luckily, I played the direction, you know? But if not, oof, I would have ended in drawdown, lost the account, and it's just, I would have been pissed. You know how that translates to your trades. Yeah, that would suck to lose a prop trading company. Fuck your trading cycle like a motherfucker. It's like, oh shit, PMI comes out today. Fuck, I can't close this position. Yeah, that would suck. Just watching, but you guys got this.
pretty simple i like i like using my own money and using others money in a combination you know yeah if it's too risky i use their money if it's like i will make money then you know honestly spy i mean
it's not looking good yeah i mean you can get some relief i mean like you'd be trading counter trends you have to take shit really aggressive i'd trade like to this gap maybe it's gonna fall because of all the shit yeah so snapchat came out and gave really bad guidance for like internet marketing and that took facebook down uh microsoft um what's the other one twitter uh dwack all of them they just lost like
some stupid market cap overnight not even overnight in like 30 minutes it was crazy yeah no for sure yeah i saw him talking about that i wish if it wasn't for that i would say something like this yeah but i have thought i'm gonna go to 410 or not 410 i saw 406 to 409 90 or something like that i was confident in it but right now
I'm probably going to be trading scorpion calls tomorrow.
Right, Scorpion? Yeah, Casper, that low-key, what you just drew, low-key look like some WVVM. Yeah, well, I don't even... I'm just going to draw it again. It's probably the same thing. It's like an accumulation markup to distro. Yeah, exactly. And then you've got the distro markdown accumulation, which is the MAAW. Basically, the main structure cycles and shit.
That's what I would like here. I mean, you might even see it off this, to be honest, but this is looking like that because, I mean, it's like textbook as fuck. Like you came down to demand.
Broke structure, right? You're going to probably see a deviation down, maybe, preferably here. What is this? Hold on. Whatever high we make. If this is the high, I would rather you come into discount because that's not there. Or you could just make a little bit of a higher high before you come down. Just engineer liquidity on both sides. Flush out early longs. Fill these inefficiencies. I mean, I wouldn't play this without, like, instead of, the way I usually play these.
would be to play this with like a stop under the most like recent internal low. And I know for those of you who are wondering about internal as my bad, I got completely sidetracked. I went from internal lows to prop firms. I was like, oh, prop firm. But here in this situation, usually I would just use this internal low, which would really be this order block right at the bottom of the order block. But in this situation, just because everything is so bare and
It's a counter trend trade. I would probably wait for, come down here.
Really, I'll redraw this to not confuse anybody. I would look for an internal, at least an internal market structure break. Once we came down here, maybe come into it a little more, then break this, and then play the supply or the demand that sponsored that internal break, or whether it's internal or swing structure, whatever. And then you'd be looking to take it up to the inefficiency, not just take it at the beginning. Trimming heavily along the way. All right, these equal highs pretty heavy.
These setups have been playing very nicely on indices and Bitcoin lately. But you got to take it with caution. For instance, if this was a pro trend move, I would probably take just limits off the initial inefficiency fill. But I'm waiting for anything where we have something that's going to be trading against the trend. You want to wait for confirmation. Really, you want to wait for confirmation all the time. Speaking of, I hope I didn't.
Fucking alpha, dude. I'm not going to touch it unless it comes where I want it to. I have some time still. I'd like to see it range here. We're in Tokyo, so I really would rather not take trades. I'd look for it to come up in here and see a shift of structure to the downside. You could really move a long ways down without...
uh actually i don't know we'll see how this plays out but i do have my eyes on alpha anytime we have this pump like this on the um you're right around the daily open or somewhere during tokyo session usually um you're going to see it pump up mitigate and then hang around or get close to it and then during the london session you'll see that tokyo high get purged and then let an expansion and then if you don't get in there new york retracement up to you know somewhere close high maybe between 2 and 4 a.m
eastern time and then more continuation usually it's not like set in stone but um
Dude, everything is just so fucking just, ugh. Like, I went to the beach, literally, like, I think it was, like, the 13th or the 14th, and I came back, and I was, like, looking at the four-hour and shit, and I was like, damn, this shit is just, like, most shit, everything except Bitcoin, really, is just, like, dead, bro. Like, Bitcoin's ranging still kind of boring, but you're getting this displacement here. And, I mean, for those of you who are wondering, I'm still pretty bearish on everything. Like, I don't see anything, really.
The only thing I see potentially bullish here is if we did make a higher high in the 15 minute. This is what I was saying earlier. Is Ozeki in here? He's not. When I was talking about swing structure being fucked up in the 15 minute, we had this low. We'll start over here. I fucked it up, but you guys get the picture. Son of a bitch.
Take off your magnet. I like using it. But I fucked it up that time. Actually, you can just hold control. That's what I'm doing. Somebody actually clicks that, you're a psycho. That made me crazy.
Straight up, bro. But look at this. So this is where I'm saying the swing structure is fucked up, bro. Like, depending on how you draw a swing structure, everybody, there's different ways to do it. Some people would just draw it with pullbacks. I mean, to me, this is the swing structure. Yeah, measure the pullback. You know, some things have, for instance, Euro USD on a 15-minute, I would measure a 15-pit pullback, and then that counts as the swing structure.
i just for swings for me i just need the i have to see the like for instance a lot of people here over here like this would be a swing and this would be a swing but to me it's not this is just internal structure because this is still your swing high but like here like look this is our swing high this is how fucked up swing structures and bigger the way i do it you're literally looking at this you could look at this this this
So it's like, dude, that is some fucked, like when we were here, like all the way, like until we cleared this high, you know, you were still bearish through all this on the 15 minute. Now we cleared it. We did get a closure. So you got to break a structure. But I mean, it was just, in my opinion, looks more like a liquidity raid, but I mean.
you know, if we, if we come down here and we start to see a change of character in this point of interest, I mean, and I'm using the wick for the high timeframe and you could refine it probably even more, but just kept it as that wick. Either way, if you draw it, I guess you could go down to here and it hit that quick into there. But that's why, like I was saying, swing structure and Bitcoin is just so fucked up, bro. It's like ridiculous. And this is on the 15 minute. Like, so now at this point, if we were to use CME,
Do you think that'll be better for swing structure? Because I was talking to this other dude and him and I agreed that this is completely different market structure than regular.
Just because this has brakes in it, you know? Yeah. I mean, it's still fucked, though. Like, if you look, I mean, it's really, this part specifically is, like, similar, at least. I mean, because it's, like, bam, bam. But then, yeah, this is, what the fuck? This is, it really is, though. I guess because of the weekend gap. It's, like, way, you have, like, here. Yeah, it is definitely, it is different, for sure.
yeah so this is where the hedge funds trade they don't touch our perked contracts they touch this shit right here during market hours and they go crazy yeah this was the last time price action yeah yeah and then you go i mean literally it's like down here bam i would almost consider this on this chart just below right there but it's like dude like it's like fucking dude bitcoin's ranging like a fucking chat bro
the wide range like but it's good though it gives us like it's crazy because usually bitcoin is like you know a little bit more of like stable but if you look at other coins right now like in my opinion this is way more fun to trade than a lot of shit i mean definitely also give you like better percentage yields and shit but it's like your risk reward and shit and just like the the volatility is fucking ridiculous i could almost catch or see some um of the amd here too
And also, that'd be confluence with SPY. But it would just be relief. Like, I'm not really bullish at all. Like, going back to what I was saying, like, the four-hour. Go to purpose. Grab them marked up. We have, like, yeah, we are in discount here. And we've been just hugging equilibrium. Like, if this same structure was just hugging premium, I would be like, okay, yeah, we're definitely in distribution.
And I'm not really the biggest Wyckoff guy. I mean, I like it. I'm not saying I don't. I mean, it obviously works, but I'm not. It's just not really like my thing as much. I think it's really just like it's it's gaining an understanding of manipulation. So I think it's important. But as far as certain things, I'm just looking at structure, you know, and at this point, internal structure. I mean, obviously, we just switch to bear. If you're looking at a four hour because go back to what we were saying before. So if we have.
Our internal structure, and this is what a lot of people use for change of character. It's really up to you how you do it. I recommend on like the one minute using your swing structure for change of character most of the time. And same with 15 minute. But change of character, for instance, here we have this low. Here's your low. Here we have a high. This candle failed to break its high, so it's part of the pullback. And if you look.
Right after this candle, we broke through its high. So that makes it a new low. Look at that. New high. This candle failed to push through this one. And then if you look past it, the next candle broke through it. So that's going to be your new low. New high. This pullback here, this doesn't count. This is inside bar. And this didn't do anything. Didn't break structure down or up. If you look, we don't have a new low until if we look right here, we made a low.
And we cleared out this previous candle. So now we have a low there. Now if this candle would have wicked under this, it would have continued until we didn't see a candle breaking through these lows. So here we have low, and we've got a high.
So that would technically, right here, be a change of character if you're going by this. And obviously you don't use this by itself. It's just going to give a lot of false signals. But you can say your internal structure, for a split second there, shift to bear. And then you can quickly see, okay, high. Didn't make a new high, so this is part of your pullback. So if you look, what candle sponsored this new high?
Not this one, because the candle after it didn't break its structure. So it's going to be right here. There's your low. High, low. Why is this a low? Because it made a new high. So then you look over here. Oh, you look right here. We started making lower low. So is this your low? No. Because why? The next candle broke its low. Oh, is this your low? No.
And if you look right here, this still isn't a low. Why? Because this is an inside bar. It's probably going to be. You can anticipate this is starting to pull back, but you don't really have a confirmation until we break above this wick or if this candle closes and the next candle pushes through it. So right here, you definitely shifted. You had a four-hour change of character if you use internal structure right there. And you can use wicks or candle closes totally up to you, but I'd use wicks. That was your change of character on the four-hour.
That's why a lot of people I see doing internal structure or just structure in general do not do it right. You can use that on anything. That was a four-hour. It's going to be a little choppy. It's like every other candle. You can do the same thing on the 15-minute.
You know, okay, if you're doing swing structure, like the way I, what I would look for to play, you know, the way that everybody plays change of character, I would, you know, this is what you'd be looking at, right? Because this is your swing high. Well, really your change of character, if you look, so you had made a low right here. Candle breaks the previous candles high. This one does the same. This one does the same. This one doesn't.
Next candle breaks its high. Got a new low. What is this right here? Made a new high. And then after what? You break down. Lower, low. Lower, low. Lower, low. Till here. So there was your bearish change of character right there. Well, actually, I shouldn't say change. Really, if you're starting up here, you would add a high all the way up there. So right here, you had a bull character, I guess, very briefly. Because you made a higher high that quickly got erased.
Now you have a new high. Oh, we pushed through. This candle broke its low. New low.
You can sit here and do this. Now, what does this, you know, does this really mean anything? I mean, yes and no. If you just do this and expect to trade off of this, you know, up in here, like in random areas, it doesn't matter because you're not pairing it with any kind of supply or demand. And all it really can show you is that we might be about to shift direction. Now, usually.
you know, a change of character in the 15 minute is going to be a break of structure in the one minute. A change of character on the four hour is going to be a break of structure in the 15 minute. Not always, but usually. But for instance, with, um, we're looking for, you know, a shift, uh, and structured along like a confirmation entry. If you're, you know, you're going to do multi timeframe, you know, here I use the wick. I like using wicks on high timeframes almost always. I'll use the body, but I would rather get into the wick. So,
And yes, I know it's not a down candle. Everybody does things differently. I look at this from more of a practical perspective. Demand entered the market right here. I mean, I'm very confident. You could also say, oh, it was over here in this candle. But you can refine this. You can go in like we were doing earlier. And oh, look there. You got demand.
You can do the range, you can do this candle right here, whatever. Whichever used price came into it. So now...
You know, I refined it to a minute, like a 15 minute time frame or POI. So usually it's like, oh, well, you know, it's just a 15 minute POI. Why are you looking for a reversal there? Well, I refined it from a high time frame point of interest. So I'm going to still leave a high time frame. And at this point, if I'm on a high time frame point of interest, especially if I'm trading counter trend.
i would wait i mean you guys caught a snipe so i mean like you guys are already up whatever you guys have made money but if i didn't catch that you know and i would wait for a break and structure now from where we're at now you know i would need something like this break up here come down to demand that sponsored said break second break of structure confirming the first wasn't a liquidity grab and then boom
That's where my entry would be at if I were to enter now.
If you guys caught the bottom, there's just different styles. If you catch the bottom, even if, say, for instance, if that setup does happen and then I wait to up here, people are like, oh, well, you got in way down here. You know what I mean? Yeah, you're going to be up farther. It's just different trading styles. You know what I'm saying? Some people use the 15-minute order box, and honestly, lately, it's been fucking smacking. Just set and forget, especially when you're trading pro trend.
like 15 minute order blocks for four hour zones is like that shit is the sauce like for instance over here this is a day trade i took earlier this morning took a similar one on eth it's like a mix of ict and uh
Just supply and demand, I guess. So every morning when I'm trading Bitcoin, when I look to trade the London close, because I don't really get up early enough sometimes to trade the New York Open, I'd like to. If I start trading Forex, I definitely will. But you need to be in front of your computer by 6.45 a.m. New York time. But here, you wait until one of these size liquidity gets raided.
Usually, you know, say if you're on a buy day, like you think that day is going to go higher, you're going to look for a rate of the lows and vice versa. I mean, you can see here, that's not how it went because it's going to be around 10, 1030. So right here, we rated all these lows. Broke structure here, cleared all this liquidity out, everything. And then you came into this demand. You even cleared, actually, no, it didn't clear the low.
But, you know, you could have just set a limit there. And, yeah, you would have probably been up more. But so the risk to reward, I think it hit a little. It was like around almost five or something. But if you had taken longs here, even at the full target, it would have been lower risk to reward. But, you know, you would have been up the entire time, less work. It's just different styles. But when price came back down into this demand, we swept liquidity. Usually what I would look for here is a.
internal market structure break with a fair value gap. Now, we really didn't have, you'd look for the first one. We didn't really have good structure here. For instance, we didn't have a good high to break. Like, yeah, this one, we broke it, but we didn't break it. There's no displacement here. So if you're using the ICT setup, you didn't really have a trade here in this setup. And then over here, you kind of did, but as you can see, it didn't get hit.
The reason that I like using these double confirmations whenever you're trading counter trend is because you're going to get a confirmation trend to shift, and you're also going to get a really strong demand zone that pushed through and broke supply. So you're going to get that flip zone. This was kind of a finicky one. I would say the supply was probably in this wick right here.
So this was the demand that pushed us through that supply. The imbalance, the market shifted. Price came down. It hit pretty close. And then should have taken profits in full here. I didn't. I took like 50%, unfortunately, and then got stopped to break even. But, you know, whatever. Pretty quick, satisfying trade. But, you know, we saw, and this is the reason I'm getting into this is referring down to where we were just at with Bitcoin. You want to wait for these.
confirmation entries because a lot of times whenever you're trading counter trend you're you're not gonna have those impulsive satisfying trades and they might not even play out in your favor because you're going against the trend notice how we have when you look at you know okay shorts when you turn you short in this market you you fucking print you know it's like instant you know you're up you're it's like holy shit we're pumping but you know we're
we're not pumping um and yes long sometimes do that but um yeah it's pretty clear to me what is this oh you might have opportunity this one um i would definitely wait for a double confirmation just because so like now that we're in this supply i just do the the last two candles um i'd wait for a change of character on the one minute
Let's see if we can get it. I'm actually going to keep my eye on this.
The main reason being, if you look here, we really, I mean, we got a break of structure afterwards. You know, it did sponsor a break of structure, but we didn't really get a flip zone, you know, on these second breaks of structure because we just completely pissed down. Left a lot of inefficiencies here as well. You know, on the 15 minute and the four hour, we are in a premium, no matter how you draw it. You know, if you're using those two timeframes for swing structure. So, you know.
It's not the craziest setup. It's also not the worst either. I would wait, if anything, for a double confirmation before I would even think about this. Apes probably doing the same thing. I actually popped out the other watch list today. Apes flying. If you get these...
There's double confirmations on Bitcoin especially. You'll probably see us run up and possibly even rush all the way back up to fill these inefficiencies. And I'll definitely take some longs in that scenario. Because here, I mean, like I was saying, we could be setting up with one of those AMD setups. It would not surprise me at all. But I'll wait to see how that plays out.
Why did I get a fucking alert on Ape right here? I don't know why I put a line right there. It should be up here. What's the purpose of the IB? Inside bars? Yes. Just helping identify internal structure. Because for instance, so like here, I actually like the highlighter a lot. So like here, you'd have, you know, we're making lower lows, right? And then we don't make a lower low here. So when we do make this, we have lows.
right and then we when we come down we make a new low well what's your going to be your high well it's not going to be this candle most people mess up you know say it's this candle but it's this candle because after that was when we started to see more downside candles are making lower lows so and then on vice versa here we have a new low right because why the next candle after it broke through its high oh higher higher high nope
And this inside bar will help you with this. Because a lot of times you're just going to see this as a move up. And you're going to say, oh, this was a move up. When it's not, this was your high. This was your new low. Because this candle failed to push through this candle's high. Then this one pushes through. So that makes this a low. Same here. This candle did not push through this candle's high. So it is now a new low. This candle pushed through. It's a high.
I know some of you guys are probably like, what the fuck is this dude saying? But I promise you, once you can identify that and learn it, you will be much more confident in using your change of character and whenever you decide to look for pullbacks. They don't really matter. It's not like you need to mark this up on your chart. But the only ones that matter are the ones that are in a POI. So for instance, if you're in the four hour and you're in a daily POI,
and you see a shift, well, okay, now it's time to go into the 15-minute. Oh, it's probably a break of structure. Oh, okay, well, we might have the framework for a trade. That's just kind of, you know what I mean? So that's why I use the inside bar in short. I really want... Yo, the inside bars, I love the inside bars, but I don't shift these guys. Yeah. I really, really want a lot of these coins to fly back up to... I mean, if they just flew up, that would be ridiculous.
You'd have some crazy opportunities for shorts. Honestly, ETH looks better than Bitcoin at this point, in my opinion. Let's see what we're on the 4-hour, though. Similar setup as Bitcoin. Actually, it didn't really even come down into this area. It's a weird one. Use this candle, I guess. Oops. If you don't refine it, though, it did come into supply. Or, sorry, demand. You have that huge inefficiency above. Let's try to see if that was a bearish candle or not.
I'd probably include the wick in there. Just in the one minute. There you go. I want a closure preferably. Four minutes. See, at this point, what I'm looking for is us to get a closure above this high, giving us that second break of structure. Once that happens, can we come back down into this POI in the one minute? We get the same thing. Same thing over and over again. Same, just double confirmation. Doesn't want to look like it wants to close.
A lot of times with crypto, I've noticed you'll still get the same, depending on how you determine if you have a break of structure or not, if you only use closures. I've found that using closures on four hour is good, but the 15 minute, a lot of times you can still get, it's still a break of structure or price will still react like a break of structure without getting that candle close.
Honestly, I'd probably just leave this game. I won't even refine it. Just do it like that. So once Price comes back in there, and you could have played the first one. So right here. So Price came back into this initial POI right here. And depending on if you use internal or external, you got your change of character really right here on this high if you're using internal.
I mean, it's all about style. Like if you want to use internal for your one minute, I prefer to use swing structure. But like in situations like this, it's really ugly ass price action. And I would consider this. That's what I would use personally. If you look, I guess you could say this. It's really just kind of choppy here. You came back down in to this demand right there on the one minute. It's like the same thing. It's just price is fractal, right? It came down in the one minute.
Then you look for the supply that sent you down here, which is going to be this wick. So what broke that supply? What sponsored that break? Well, it's going to be this wick right here. Oh, look at that. Played that wick. Could have played equilibrium since it's kind of a bigger area. Perfect. And it's like that. It's not that hard. You just got to be patient.
You could have already been in and out of this trade, depending on your style and what your goals are at this. In there, what is that, 118? So I'd go down to like 175.95 or like 10 pips or so. You could have just taken that right there. 7.3% of your portfolio, right? A little less after fees because you're using a pretty big position. I'd have been like the full port on 10 or 15X. And it's that easy.
But you just got to be patient, be also very quick and decisive if you're scalping like that. So for here, what I'm going to look for, though, is looks like we didn't get that close. I'll wait and watch. I probably won't be doing much. And I'm going to get off the computer. But you guys should watch this. For those of you who are going to stay up and degen, you guys should watch. Like what I would hear is a return down to I'd look for this bottom candle.
So once you get down there, wait for a one-minute change of carry. It's the same thing. I mean, you could play limits from there if you really wanted, but preferably I would wait until, let's see where that 15-minute zone. Really, once price comes anywhere within this gray zone, you see the same structure. You're making higher highs instead of lower lows. Do that twice, play that flip zone. Boom. That's how you're going to, it takes a while. And I will say some people like,
get frustrated like i've gotten frustrated before like waiting forever and then it just leaves you but it's part of the game you know if you're going to be conservative and take those you know super tight stop loss entries it's going to happen and then you know sometimes you get stopped out on them and it you know it is what it is but the thing is the reason i like playing like that is because you know you take one trade that hits really well and it pays for all your losses and then some and usually very quickly i mean
There are people that swing trade for gains like that. We just went over with this trade. I mean, literally, there are people who take trades that take them weeks to make that much money. For instance, the average return, I think, you know, like if you get like some Edward Jones fuck or something, they say like, what is it? Somebody tell me if I'm wrong, it's like 7% a year on stocks. Like that's what you should expect per gain per year or some shit like that. It's like this is you just hit that and what?
11 minutes. So that's why I like those kind of setups.
Well, on that note, I'm going to hop off here. If any of you guys have any questions on the internal structure stuff we went over or anything else at me, just DM me, whatever, because I know it's super, super fucking confusing. And I know that I just want to help however I can, because once you gain that understanding, you're one step closer to being able to trade without being emotional because you understand what's going on.
You're not going to get scared out of your positions. You're just going to have a better footing and a better foundation to build on if you can understand market structure. But as always, I appreciate you guys. If you have any questions, again, just hit me up. But I will see you guys tomorrow. I might do a live trading stream during the day tomorrow. I'm not 100% sure yet. But I'm definitely going to start doing those for you guys here soon. That way we can kind of catch some of these moves that are too quick to type.
Like for instance, today, I know some of you guys were, that was because I didn't signal Neo, but it was like literally, I mean, some of these trades, they, you know, go from really good risk reward to, you know, within five minutes, the risk reward is cut into third. So then it's just like, you know, I'm not going to signal that to somebody because I wouldn't take it. But yeah, I'll go on live here starting soon. So that way we can kind of catch these together.
And you guys can benefit off those too. But until tomorrow, I'll see you guys later. Be safe if you're trading tonight. Don't degen too hard. I'll see you guys.
