What's good, Invictus? Yeah, we've moved a little far away from these rune limits. I don't like because we'd have to shift bullish in order to get to these limits.
A lot of these coins, they moved. It's not really like a healthy downtrend, which tells me that it may not hold. Because when you really look, we have the swing structure here. You did this number, that number right there. You could have said this was maybe your choach. And then you started continuing down and you started to have a downtrend here. But your new swing high is right here for the 15 minutes. So in order for us to reach our limits, you're going to have to go bullish.
at that point i'd rather just set alerts and wait for price to then possibly ship to a um bearish narrative what's goody how you doing you just tried the london session last night i was hoping good that's what you should do it's too much time on charts can be a bad thing bitcoin's still kind of just raging here i think it needs to uh
Okay, I don't know it seems like it looks like distribution. I think Ebo was posting something about the same thing but It needs to break down from this low right here in order for me to confirm that it's shifting bearish Bitcoin wants to be a little finicky So I want to make sure you get that confirmation before even touching it. I'm just gonna scan down this watchlist. I'm assuming it's gonna be the same thing What do you want? Okay, it's over here meowing
But yeah, a lot of coins, see, it's not really this healthy downtrend that I like because, yeah, you shift it, you change character, but it's not forming a, you know, clean market structure or the downside. Because, for instance, here, you know, if you're using candle closures, Wix, it's actually going to be a little different. So like, for instance, with a KNC, so the swing structure would look something like this.
You come down depending how you draw it could draw like this either way It's just choppy because then you have I think this is actually a low or no, so then you hear have here Oops, I clicked so you have price starting here Swing to the upside What does you will assume we're using wicks so choach right here then Is it even lower? No, it's not the next candle right here
It's just choppy price action. It's not really like a healthy downtrend. So you switch back up After this low right here if you're using wicks different if you're using bodies Then you go right back down. So it's just kind of like this choppy Indecisive market structure on a lot of these coins, which doesn't show me that we're entering a healthy downtrend just yet
So, with that being said, we can wait for us to get a more healthy downturn. Like, on the 5-minute, a lot of these coins have that. And ETH was one. This one's kind of interesting, depending on how you chart it. On the 5-minute, you probably already got your change of character. Let's go to the 5-minute. On the 5-minute, your swing structure looks something like this. And you can see right here, you got that change of character. I think HUD posted about this.
And that was really the five minute entry. And see, it's been paying off. But the 15 minute for me is what I like to use. The five minutes good as well. But as far as for like a more of a confirmation of a trend reversal, to me, we're still in this range right here. Like this is still just the range we're in. This right here. That would be our, this would be our low. This would be a high and everything else is just internal. Because the way I do it, if I'm in a four hour zone.
want to see a 15-minute
reversal and shift in structure. But here with ETH too, another thing that I had marked up was up here. You could also mark this candle if you want, find it, however. But I could see, this is what, I know that Flo wanted this POI as well. He said something the other day. But with ETH, I almost want price to return back up into this region, this 2050 area, because I see a lot of liquidity here above these highs. ETH's pretty bearish still.
So, you know, when we're looking at East swing high and low, you know, really this would be a range and That would put us more up an optimal trade entry up into that deeper premium
Than where we're at right now and oftentimes you'll see this you'll see price come up it hits that first POI when you're looking at the high time frames in Premium or discount for longs and you'll get a reaction, but it's not that Strong it's not a healthy trend shift like we see here. We don't really have much of a 15 minute shift in trend. It's still kind of just doing the same thing Nothing's changed from bullish to bearish here for me yet
Seems like, if anything, Smart Money is trying to exhaust retail traders and just range, just like how we've been doing in the 4-hour, and then make those explosive moves. But with Bitcoin and ETH, I think it's better just to wait right now because, as far as we're trying to call a trend reversal, there's tons of intra-range movements you can take.
Yeah, that's really what I'd be looking for Bitcoin and ETH. I'd look at Litecoin. I'd look at it a little bit. There's a daily zone as well up here. That's far up though. A lot of these, there are these POIs up above as well. All the way up here.
And then if you go out there, though, you have liquidity above. So at this point, before calling any kind of actual big trend reversal, I'm going to need a healthy 15-minute shift in structure to the downside. As far as for trading anything where we're going to swing it, you can find moves within the daily range, of course. I'm not saying there's not going to be any shorts until we have confirmed a complete 15-minute downtrend with lower highs and this and that.
But I do think before we say that crypto is just going to start dumping, that's kind of what we need. Another thing I've noticed with crypto, too, is a lot of times I'm going to go and back test more and actually get some notes down. But it seems like really certain coins react to using candle closes as your break of structure and certain coins react to the Wix.
like if you uh let's look at trx for instance because this shit completely reversed last night now when you look at the 15 minute structure if you're looking at if you're using candle closes so we had you know we are in an uptrend all the way from up here came up here here's where you got your first candle close because here is your low here is your high
Got that candle close. So now you're in a downtrend Come back up mitigate these orders come down get another candle close. So at that point This would have been your trading range right here. So Everything at that this is where I think it shifted But I don't use I try not to use wicks, right? Because if you use wicks with most coins with the with breaks of structured actual swing structure, you're gonna get
A lot of false signals. And if you look at TRX, it reacted as if because if this was your new low, you know, then that would have been your new high up here. So and then if you look, it reacted as if this, you know, is a break of structure. Price came down here. It acted like that was your bullish shift. So that's where it's kind of.
iffy and that's one of the things about certain coins that can be fickle is they react to different structure mapping different ways but the way that I draw swing structure this would have been your swing because you didn't get a closure this was your lowest closure so that's your low you can wick down here and wick here but usually those are just liquidity grabs
But then you can see that price definitely reacted as if this was a trend shift. So that was what went wrong with that one. Because if you see this one, the longs could have been down here. But not using candle closes, you don't really... If you're using candle closes, you don't really consider how to break a structure. But you can see now that that's how price reacted. So that's interesting. I wanted to look back on that.
I want to just backtest a lot of crypto and see because it seems like Wix for swing structure on lower timeframes do work a lot of times. But I don't know. That's one of the things about crypto is it reacts a little different than other stuff. Like if you look at Forex, candle closures are what you want to look for. But with crypto, I think with so many data feeds and how the volatility, the Wix can definitely provide for changes of swing structure as well.
Oh, what's up, JL? I just saw you were in here. Waves is running again. This PO actually ended up hitting, it looks like. Maybe I'm going to draw it a little differently. Yeah, Waves is just on meth recently. That shit is strong. Come up with this fair value gap. Nice reaction to that. I mean, at this point, you're almost looking like you want this supply all the way up here.
mark it as this pivot whole range. But I've noticed a lot of times too, once you have these high timeframe ranges, this inside bar here, a lot of times you might even get your reaction in this zone right here, but then price will just push back up into this inside bar where the actual orders are. Because if you were fine at the 15 minute, let's go back first actually and move it to the inside bar. If you take this, move it to the inside bar.
Another 15 minute that's gonna be a range You can refine that range to where supply really entered the market And you have another inside bar up here and you can kind of just see where the selling really started and where new supply introduction was because we had Came up here sell sold off price came back up into this supply, which is another inside bar. So I like using these Satisfied those orders. Where did it start to sell off again right here? Oh
exactly so that's one thing you've seen over and over with crypto is that this the initial range or the initial
you know the whole range you want to draw in a four hour oftentimes gets faked out like you'll see price come up here into this zone and then once price comes up there you get what you're looking for on a 15 minute let's just say you get your break of structure but then you get this like we're getting right now with crypto you don't get that healthy mitigation like what you want to get is something like this price comes up here bam and we're starting to form that healthy
downtrend down where you're coming up mitigating and introducing new supply with each swing but i'm not seeing that on a lot of coins that's that's with rune for instance i'm not seeing that like with rune right here i'm looking at it so we have this four hour i refine this i think to like a 15 minutes somewhere in one of these wicks but um you see the nice reaction to this zone all right we've got our 15 minute change of character really you could have said maybe it was up here and there are going to be shorts from that area
But I still see overhead supply. I still see liquidity left behind. It's not really a healthy downtrend. And then I see this clean high right here that is going to be a lot of stop losses right below that fair value gap.
So for me that doesn't look like a clean healthy downtrend I think that maybe price wants to push up grab more liquidity Maybe go up here where you have unsatisfied orders. I'm sure you have somewhere up in there So we go to 15 minute all the way back See what if selling really started to occur right there It's kind of like how an ICT order buck or you could even say in this candle up here
But that's the thing about crypto is it can be super fickle. So when you're trading on these reactions to these zones, because like, for instance, Forex, whenever this kind of price action occurs, it's usually pretty clean. It's a lot easier to kind of determine where the supply is, and it usually moves a lot cleaner as well. But here, especially with some of these alts, it's a little bit different. Like we could look at this.
okay well supply was in this candle it came up and gotten satisfied and we pushed to the downside and that's what you what it looks like but a lot of times you say oh well there's still supply in this wick so it can kind of be um a little frustrating at times you just gotta be patient though that's the key is just being patient and just taking the market like as it's giving like at price action to you you can't really you know bet on like for instance price comes up here you know into this zone
and we get a 15-minute change of character, well, you need to just take most of your profits at the bottom of that first 15-minute leg because you don't know exactly if it's going to reverse, you know, very well until we get a full, you know, you can't say anything in here is left. That's whenever you can start to get those swing entries, those long-term entries where you can hold for extended profit targets. For instance, let me look at TRX. There was a zone. Delete some of this.
this is on a four hour this whole zone up in here but you know obviously you can refine this maybe to this inside bar but the inside bar got broken if you look at this wick this is why i'm kind of just letting it have some space and have some time
You know, there's not really a super clear zone in here that I really like that much, except maybe this wick, because you don't really see a ton of displacement here. The only zone that kind of caught my interest was maybe this, because you have these equal highs above it. Nothing really tapped into it.
see actually if that's where we're at now see that's that's the thing you broke right through that so that's where i'm kind of like yeah i'll just do its thing um but i'll keep in mind that candle wicks are going to be what i look for um when determining shifts of structure for tron for sure
And on the high timeframe, I'll probably still use closes. That's just, I can't make myself use Wix because they give a lot of false signals. But on the four hour, you know, we've shifted bearish right there. So now you're high and you're low. It's wiki, but the way I would draw your high and your low is that right there. So until we get a four hour closure above this, we're still bearish in my opinion, but it looks pretty strong. Maybe this was just kind of an accumulation into distribution, aka, I guess, redistro.
At this point, I don't know if I'd call it that, actually. But it seems like you're up here. You want to get that right to the downside. But I see these equal lows. It could be just liquidity grab and then move to the upside. But the only area I see any interest in is this wick. Let's see what's on the 15-minute in there. Yeah, it's just not really. It's like maybe this wick. It's not really the cleanest zone, in my opinion. So that's why I'm not really interested in it.
But this is a good example of how that can happen, because if you look at Tron, we'd came into that original zone up in here, change of character, came up healthy downtrend, break of structure down to the downside. But then this is where you, you know, you got to use those wicks, I guess, because at this point, you know, anything in between here is just internal. But you can see price definitely reacted right here. Like this was a change of swing structure for Tron, even though it didn't get a closure. Because if you look.
if you're low right here you did not get any closures below that but price definitely did react as if you did change swing structure because it acted like you know now this is your high and this is your low because you see it came and broke this
All right, this this weak low I guess got taken out but this is where it's like kind of backwards because okay, well if you're using Swing structure Right to as you're on your 15 minute and you're using the wicks. Well, then here is your low Here is your high or you can draw it here whichever one no matter what you came back down made a new low And if you're using wicks you made a new high
then you shifted bearish down here. So that's why it's just so choppy. And then you came back into this POI, then you shifted bullish, but you didn't really have any, it didn't price it in return to the downside. So that's where it's kind of odd for me on swing structure here. But whenever a trade goes the opposite way, you want to reflect back and really analyze it. You know what I mean? Like really try to see what happened. And the main thing I can see is just that.
Price reacts to Wix better than than closers here, but like I just said it kind of it's a little weird Damn, you're still up. I saw you DMing me like 6 a.m Yeah, I was gonna over Tron like for instance because I remember I saw you said something about it, but Because like so when we look here, you know back here. This was filled. I just mark it again. So you have it This is that fractal supply zone originally we'd filled it
Price came into it on the four hour. That was a four hour zone. We got our change of character here. So you came up here, made a new high. So this was your swing structure. Came back down, mitigated, break of structure using candle closures. So then this was your swing structure right here, there, and then this high all the way up here if you're using candle closures. So anything under that was bearish, but you can see that this wick
You know usually I wouldn't use that as a break of structure because I don't use Candle just wicks. I want a candle closure, but you can see that price shifted. I'm actually just going a different chart This is already has a bunch of annotations on it. So Here was where you had that second break of structure here was a change of character and then you came down because this was your low and This was your high if you're using candle closures She came out mitigated these orders
Came down and then this was your swing structure right there Then you wicked so you wouldn't usually consider this a breakup structure unless you use wicks, which I usually don't So then you come up but but you can see that that's how price reacted because if if this was you know If we use this as a breakup structure now your new structure was this That was your new structure But it's that's where it gets backwards because if you're using wicks again Okay, here was your new high and then you made another high
So if you're using wicks you got to use them all the time So you came up and to me that this is all they look like with clear liquidity grabs, but I mean sort of this But then price comes up comes here because that would been your low and your high and you had a bearish and You come in your 15-minute zone, then you just rock it. So it's just kind of like odd price action to me
Yeah, that's what, you know, that's because some people use them, some people don't. And the logic behind not using them is you don't get faked out. But it seems like with this, but that's where it's backwards because, you know, okay, well, if this is, you know, your swing structure now up here, well, then you broke structure to the downside here. So you came up and you had new structure. You broke structure again, or I'm sorry, after this would have been your structure. And then this broke down.
And this would bring your structure. So you're bearish. Yes, you're on this 15-minute zone, this old zone, right? So it's just weird. It's very odd. But you have that zone reaction. And then if you're looking at swing structure, you broke structure and kind of never looked back. But that's just where it's like indecisive price action. It's kind of interesting. But I do want to analyze it and kind of...
just see exactly how the structure reacts but if anything here you'd look for retracement and play longs if you're using those wicks because then now you have your double confirmation upside but again it goes in with that the notion of just kind of like an unhealthy trend because you didn't really come down and mitigate anything you still have a lot of demand sitting in these candles down here this one probably got hit here so that's where it's like odd
You came down mitigated that But nothing you didn't come down here and you just continued from there, but that being said, you know you could look for potential longs maybe in this candle right here, but Going back to that four hour. Yeah, you have this wick up here I don't really see any zones whenever I go in there that are Too too much interest that haven't been broken through but
Because really the four hour, and I'm always going to use candle close in the four hour. And also what's up to people on YouTube. I just know some of this. But if you're using the four hour, I'm still using candle close. I don't care if the coin doesn't. That's just I can't make myself use Wix on a four hour. So I've back tested that and I know that you get a lot of signals. But if that's the case, then this is your swing structure and you're still bearish on the four hour.
So it's kind of just indecisive price action. This looks like reaccumulation now that we've broken out. But I'm just going to keep an eye on this one and kind of use it as a case study just to watch and see what happens. I think he was like, whenever he was saying that, it was like way cheaper because he was saying it when it was cheap. Like it was like down in this area. But yeah, I think he was, I think he bought, he bought it like down here. I'm pretty sure. I was actually going to roll in this morning, but I kind of forgot.
I've been smoking the little Graba Leafs with them. That's the best way to smoke, bro. If you like blunts, but don't want to smoke blunts all the time. Look at the waves, bro. Somebody else just text me about it. Shit's insane. Yeah, that's where it's like, whenever it gets like that, some stuff, if I've studied enough, that's why I removed a lot of coins off my watch list, because you'll see, a lot of these concepts don't really work consistently on most coins.
A lot of super low caps, they work, but not consistently enough for me.
So that's, but what's weird is Tron had been like, cause if we go back with Tron, it was respecting that bearish trend, like very nicely. It came up for our supply change of character came up all the way mitigated real nice came down. You know what I mean? But then it's like, I guess that that's the only thing I, when I look that change of swing structure, that wick, that's what changed it. But then again, like we said up here, it's just backwards. So, um,
it's interesting but if anything you know when you look at this you could look for maybe like a retracement down um for longs but then again if you're using wicks this is your new swing structure so if you change it's just kind of ugly in my opinion but um
And then going with the high timeframes, it's bearish on the four hour. It's not bearish on the daily, but most stuff, or not most, but a lot of alts aren't because their whole range is huge. But this is really the swing range in the daily, if you ask me, because you came up, you had, and a lot of things, I see people fucking up swing structure a lot because they're just like starting over here and they're like, yeah, this is our swing. But when you look, like with TRX, for example, you came down here.
Really, your swing structure was like this. Oh, fuck. Well, you guys know I meant to put that low right there. You get the picture. Because then you change character up here. Here. So, for instance, if you started down here, we'll just start, because we could start down here. Right? I'm using closures for the daily. So, for that, you could say, I'm not going to use this low. Watch me zoom in a little bit.
Actually, did it get a closure? Yeah, it did. It's hard to see from way back there. So we'll start like way back. You know, you got that closure. I'm still going to use the wick high after the closure, but until I get a closure, that's not really going to be my high. So then you have this right here. What is this? Can I check out B&B? Yeah. So that, swing back down to here. Then you come up all the way up here. Because remember, this to me isn't going to be...
That's a liquidity grab in my book because this high was your old high. Yeah, you went above it, but you can see wick down a huge amount. So then after that, what's your highest point after this? This is actually where we start to get closures. I don't consider that enough for a daily pullback. That right there. And then I consider that enough for a daily pullback. You got a candle closure here.
Down to the downside, you got that closure. And then from there, this is when the bull run really started heating up for Tron. Come all the way up here. Clearly get a closure there. I'm not going to say that this isn't, because if you look, and this is where it gets kind of confusing. So here's your wick. You did get a closure here. Not this first wick, but you did get a closure. So you could either use either one of these wicks, really. But, I mean, if you're getting technical, here was your closure, so you're going to use that.
You come up here. Or why is this a high? Because I know you're like, oh, it's a liquidity gap. Well, I'm not going by candle closures for this high. I'm going by candle closures for the low. So then once I have a new low, I pick the highest point between the two lows. I'll leave those there so I can zoom out. So at this point, like with TRX, and this is where crypto, where it's so volatile, it's confusing. At this point, I mean, everything really is within that range for using candle closures.
That's where it's like, you know, it's kind of weird with some crypto where it's, you know, this is all bearish in the daily if you're using closures. And a lot of crypto are alts especially, not really Bitcoin as much, but alts. If you go back and you can see this range is being respected. We came to equilibrium and then you can see that's where we consolidated and that's where you see a big move started from.
So that's what, you know, when you're looking at ranges, you want to see a consolidation and ranging around equilibrium, which we saw here. So that kind of tells me this range is good. You never got those closures under them. That's where it goes back to, oh, maybe you'd use Wix, but I just can't make myself use Wix on a frame. Because that would have been saying like...
This was a new, I mean, you know what I'm saying? Like, okay, you're in a bear market. This is your new low, your new high. And you can see that just got completely disrespected. There's not even a reaction to any of this really. So that's, that tells me that's wouldn't be correct. But when you're at that, in that perspective, the daily has been bearish on Tron since, you know, the last crash, nothing ever really changed because he didn't break above any of these old highs. So when we come back over here, we go to the four hour.
Get a four hour and be different the daily obviously because we had see we had this little bull trend here I'm not gonna draw it all out And we started a bull trend again got that closure here, but quickly reverse because you came up here is your high a new high and then you close below so
interesting price action that's why it's it's good to just like analyze stuff and just study it that's how you learn but then again some coins after a while i just take them on my watch list because they don't really move the way that i want them to like for instance um what's it called what fucking coin was it oh yeah xrp it started to move more and more like with some of these concepts so i like moving it to i'll move it to my watch list and watch it
you know i mean like this is more of a healthy move to me so you have that move up break a structure and price goes back up mitigates it doesn't just hang out down around here and then pump up and pump down and just you know um gets to where it's almost like jesus christ you but the thing is that i will say with a lot of those coins using like the high time frames you know and huge stop losses you can you can trade some of these concepts but whenever it comes down to like you know
m15 or m1 charts where you know usually you want to execute if you want rr that's you know what i would consider good um you're going to see a lot of just wiki price action and indecisiveness so like for instance like on this area right here so if you're going to say this is your m15 zone
If you wanted to, well, how about this? Let's start from the top. Really, a lot of people, well, this is a bad example. Obviously, you're not going to use this because it's your last up candle. You're obviously not going to use that, but then you use inside bars. A lot of times, there's an inside bar. I would still use the wick high of this candle most of the time just because there might be supply in there, but that's still a huge zone, in my opinion. For instance, if you're just trading the M15.
You're not looking at all the other stuff. You're targeting the M15 low. So it's like that's not even worth it. That's literally not worth the time. So, you know, then you can say, okay, well, I'm going to refine it up to this right here. Or you can say I'm going to refine it up to the Wix. But then again, it's just all super inconsistent when you do it like that, in my opinion. But whichever one you pick, you got to do all the time.
So, but that's why I would rather wait for, okay, you have this fractal supply right there. I guess you could say, because if you're using the inside bar, the Wix as well, then you will look, you can always go into the one minute or maybe a five minute, whatever, lower timeframe and look, okay, like try to identify where the selling really began. So if we're looking here, you see it came up.
whenever you change character on the one minute, which, so, which one? There's a couple white ones. There's a couple, oh, this one. See, this is how I'd look at it. So you had this bar up here, the inside bar, because on these inside bars, you're not getting really a clean change of character here, you see, because, you know, the last low was really down here.
I mean, so it's not really clean price action now, unless you want to kind of get greedy with it and say, okay, well, you know, I'm doing this rectangle. So then you wait till we come up, you know, we come, we started this pullback. Really right here, price formed a new low, got clearly taken pretty quickly. So, you know, you, it's, you could look at this bar up here, like, okay, what caused this right here?
Well, you could say this bar, but then this up here has a lot of unsatisfied orders probably left in it. Because that's where, if you go on the 15th second, you're going to get that clean structure here. Now, price comes up into there. New supply is introduced right here. So that came out what you were talking about. Price kind of came up into it, and it did react pretty nicely. So, you know, that's, and you could also look at like, you know, this was a break of internal structure. Then price came up.
You had that demand somewhere in here. This is the demand that pushed price back into this. Then demand failed. So you'd look at like where inside this range. Like what caused this supply and demand flip. And it would be that candle for me. Or you could just use the whole zone. Like some people just literally use this entire zone.
Because a lot of times, you remember this run on one minutes isn't much room. It's like a percent. That's more than it usually is. I'll say that usually you can still get like a very tight range. Then some people will play, you may place their order on equilibrium or use equilibrium to find a better zone. Or some people use optimal trade entry. You kind of just got to backtest it and see what works for you. You know what I mean? But you want to get good with specific pairs.
and focus on them because especially with crypto because a lot of if you're using the one minute for execution because a lot of shit you'll just see a ton ton of inconsistency but um so if we look here let's actually just see if price ever came up here because if it didn't you could say well you could expect price to come up here and this is getting pretty um refined with it you know you could also say and you could look at this whole zone
That's still being refined, you know, and you really think that's still being pretty refined with, you know what I mean? So then, but using the M15 for execution with this, you know, I haven't done it, so I can't say it works or it doesn't, but I mean, it may, you know, that may be a strategy. I mean, it looks like here it worked, but you have to backtest it more and more. So then you come up and let's see how price react in the one minute to this.
it seems like it reacted pretty nicely when you're looking for that same structure so really price broke structure right there you got that move to the downside and you see what moved up here because this was the supply or i'm sorry demand it's like where where did price find a little bottom and have demand introduced to the market right there so then what supply pushed through this demand right here
Yeah, you could look at it like I mean and this is where it gets choppy because Let's look left a little bit first actually none of these are really a low This is probably the way a better way to look at it because you know you look at this as your internal structure But if you get more aggressive with it and you really use every you know new low like or a new high on a candle like for instance When did a candle break the previous candles high which was right here all the way up to there? So this is your low and price came down here demand was introduced
then got broken you look at what supply caused that or we'll go over both possibilities this is a little more aggressive using you know this actual structure because you know really right here you came down still in the pullback this should be your low because by next two candles broke its highs for using internal structure
So then you came down and broke structure there. Got your little pump up. Here is your demand. And then you look, you know, what supply caused this. You know, I mean, looking at it from a naked eye, you would have looked at probably this. But you can see it was probably still on this wick. But in hindsight, that's easy to find. But doing that while you're doing it, you know, you probably would have stopped out here using the M1 if you were using that zone.
Because, I mean, I don't know if any of you guys would have looked over here because you're idealistically looking for the zone that flips demand into supply, which would be these last candles before that move. Or we'll do the first perspective we were talking about. So then you could say, you know, really, because here's your low, you made a new high, and here was your break internal structure. Broke internal structure, here's that demand that caused you to push up.
Nothing over here, really. I mean, this didn't break any demand. I mean, it reacts like it did. This would have been a snipe. But I wouldn't have taken it because you didn't break any demand. Like, this was your demand. Came up. Nothing broke.
So this is where it's like, you know, if you're using the one minute and you're using those internal confirmations, you know, I personally, I wouldn't have taken a trade here, but you can, in hindsight, look back and it doesn't really make sense because you're looking for that supply that the new supply that's introduced that flips the demand. So then you could say, okay, well, maybe it's this over here. Maybe it's this over here. So you could just draw.
this whole range and price obviously hasn't came back to it yet but we'll just and at that point actually wait let's see if it did no it didn't so yeah it's just interesting it's weird price action but some coins you know it seems like maybe the m15 entries are better sometimes but if they provide good enough risk to reward like if rune would have came up last night to where we won
you know, forming new structure, the downside, then I would, you know, this would be a good M15 entry. And why is that? Well, because the risk to reward was there. But, you know, here it's, or on XRP, it's just not. But I think the market just needs some time to breathe, start to form price action that is cleaner, and then just kind of work with what you have at that point. Seems like you're playing internal structure on Bitcoin would have been nice here.
But this can show that on the lower time frame, supply is starting to be introduced to the market. So that's kind of what we want because price is fractal. The lower time frames make up the high time frame. So we want to see price start to form that cleaner structure on the lower time frames in order for us to form it on the higher time frames. So at this point, it's a trading game.
Once Bitcoin comes down, if we wick that out, then we'll kind of have a bearish structure to go off of. But I would assume price will come in its fair value gap, reverse. And that's where we'll kind of watch for an entry. And BNB, I got you stacks. I forgot for a second. I think there was a zone above that I wanted it to tap into. Maybe it did.
Yeah, see this is kind of weird for me because really this is where your clear zone of supply is somewhere in this candle and price didn't go up to it yet. Although you did see that reversal. You did come into this fair value gap. You know, here is your swing structure. You got to change of character. Came up, satisfied this demand. This is an old box.
Or I'm sorry, supply. Seems like it still worked though. But break a structure, the downside right there. Then over here using candles or closures. That right there. And then came back up. Seemed like you had mitigated it here. And this is another example of that choppy kind of structure that, because I was charting this, I just didn't feel like I wanted to touch it because you have this four hour supply, your actual high time frame POI just above you.
And you're starting this, you know, kind of sus price action. Because then right after this, what happens? This is what I, you know, with Rune. So you have to switch bullish again on the 15 minute. You know, here's your swing structure. And you switch bullish again to come into supply. And really for me, until you're under this level, you haven't really switched. Right? Did you never close those? Nice. That's the low of this little range, right?
it is yeah exactly yeah yeah that's what i was just saying like on the uh 15 minute chart for bitcoin you got that like i guarantee it probably was like right here i don't know if you're looking but this is where you really got that internal shift at probably the five minute yeah actually it's like right here but still same same area are you using internal you're using internal in the five minute as well i was okay oh yeah yeah which works a lot of the time with crypto too so i'd say right here i mean really
if you want to be i actually still would be that for me because i mean right here yeah just like it yeah if that if it just pisses for me you get a sniper entry i think what will happen if once it clears that low you'll probably come to this fair value gap hit into this demand and then come up and see how you react to the new introduction of supply yeah yeah i see i've moved back up into what i'd like because it looks like you have some unsatisfied
supply up here in that candle so i'd like to see kind of like what i was posting just like get that break of structure then move back up and then just see how we react here that's what i'd like but we'll see i'm gonna look at dxy and see what it's doing because another thing that it's been kind of sus yeah this is um this is why your shorts are are paying right here well obviously for everything but dxy was looking at last night and i was like this looks like it's gonna pump
Yeah, look at the 4-hour. I mean, it started pumping already. Because now it's bullish again. The 4-hour is bullish on DXY. Yeah. As of last, if you're using closures, which I definitely do there, as of last, what is it, these highs or higher? Yeah, I could see it. Because that's really your weak high at this point on daily, right? No, it's not, actually. I thought it was going to look a little different when I scaled out.
Yeah, that's going to be good for shorts right there. DXY respects smart money concepts so amazing. It's insane. Yeah, it's probably monthly. Yeah, I can see it for sure. There's a lot of gaps and inefficiencies on the way down as well. Yeah, and this was one thing that I had looked at a while back is just the accumulation into reaccum with this is insane. Yeah. Yeah, it's really bad.
Yeah, it's what Japan went through, deflation in a way. Well, we're not going, but that's the problem. We're still going through extreme inflation. So that's why when you look at the way that asset classes are interacting with each other, it's pointing to a worldwide recession, not just America. Because you have commodities, energy, bonds, stocks, and currencies.
Those are going to be what you want to look at. And you want to see in a risk. So for instance, in a risk off environment, which is what we're going into, what we should be going into, you want to see bond charts looking bullish and not really have ran yet. Because let's just look at your bonds and for Japan as well. I don't know why it never comes up unless you hit bonds. But look at this on the fucking weekly.
This should not look like this whenever you're about to go through what we're going through. The last time that shit looked like this was 2008. After 2008, actually. The charts are pretty spotty. But you don't want to see... Idealistically, you'd want this to continue if we are going into a risk-off scenario. Same thing. And then another big one that people...
these Japan 10-year ones. Now watch this in the monthly. No, it wasn't the weekly. Look at that. That pivot supply. This isn't as clean. If anything, I'd look up here, but I drew it as it reacted to it. But with that being said, you haven't really seen, I mean, you've seen that weekly change of character and internal structure. So you can do that. And then also, obviously, we all know what's going on with oil.
I use the U.S. oil one. I like the candles better on it. I think of the monthly. So if you look at U.S. oil, yeah. Yeah, it really hasn't even started. Yeah. So that's why whenever... Yeah. And then if you look also, so like you can use like Spy and like the Dow and all that for... Okay, it's like, does this look healthy to you? Like this, it's like, does that look healthy? Sustainable? You know what I'm saying? So it's like...
actually what is I mean looked it yep there's probably some clean fucking shorts on this oh my fucking gosh bro well not really I mean I guess if you kind of you kind of so like if you took the 15-minute level you got in but using the one minute I mean you could have just executed
yeah like here on the so if you look here the way i'd look at is there was your change of character so idealistically you could just play this whole zone it'll be and then you got them tacked in right there perfectly that's the kind of price action that i want to start seeing on crypto but i just you just don't that one hour looking like distro like a motherfucker and i don't even do like off oh yeah literally the top i want to wait for um i want to put m15
I want to wait for this breakdown, maybe play longs back up, and then from there kind of decide about shorting. Like dog shit. You really got... Exactly. Yeah, not for sure. Yeah, I see it's going to be a rocky way, whichever way.
The way that I look at it, too, is when we're up here in this four-hour supply, we've cleared all of this liquidity. Like you said, there's tons of liquidity on the way down, but if we're following the four-hour trend, I'm just targeting weak lows below. Really, that's every low, every single one, because none of them failed to make a new swing high. You'd take profits. It'd probably be more of an in and out. This all goes with...
The dollar is bullish. Wait, the world is bearish. It is. I think it is for sure. Oh, I think that, I mean, if you ask my opinion, if we start to change character here in the 15 minute, you know, if I were starting to enter shorts, I would take no more than 50% before like discount of this range.
I would look for a minimum, like minimum sub 30K, of course. I mean, you can see, look at this four hour inefficiency is a big area, but that would be for me. I mean, because it's for me, we're in a bearish market on the four hour. So I'm going to look for, you know, I'm going to short, look for our entry. We came deep into premium. We're at the four hour strong high. I've cleared all liquidity.
If we get a 15-minute shift in structure, then you can look to get short at the mitigation once we have confirmation, as long as that 15-minute bearish structure is maintained. And then you can just take weak lows along the way. Because this just looks like another redistribution schematic. To me, it's just way more drawn out. Let's use like a 12-hour or something.
very just looks like every other redistribution schematic to me like up here like these they played out like this kind of shit right here this is what i think we're doing yeah that low that wick down here yeah yeah you never know with bitcoin honestly but oh no i know what they yeah no i know they used to work exactly i don't yeah i don't know man i just like
I can't be anything but bearish until we get that closure above this. I really can't. For me, if you're asking me, if we start to change character here, I mean...
We have removed a lot of the liquidity from all this down here. But I think that everybody thinks that this is the bottom, too. I think so much retail thinks this is the bottom. Yeah, 100%. Everybody I know has texted me, yo, dude, Bitcoin's at $30K, under $30K again. Buy. So everybody says. Everybody says, oh, it's a no-brainer. Buy crypto here. Before, here, it was scary. Now, it's like, oh, I'm not fucking up like I did last year.
You also look at the weekly, sitting under a weekly breaker, four hours bearish, then we have pretty clear targets below of liquidity. I mean, I know it sounds crazy, but I don't think it's crazy to see Bitcoin go back to around 20. I mean, if we're talking about a global recession, Bitcoin is not going to all-time highs this year. Just not.
My opinion. Now, unless we see some crazy shit where Bitcoin is now the currency for some insane shit, but I don't know. I'll shift my... Yeah, dude, El Salvador is fucking liquidated, bro. Their average is like fucking like... What is El Salvador? Hold on, let's see. Really? Oh my gosh. About 500 coins three weeks ago. So their average was 30,000, so I guess not too, too bad.
Our GMT is looking where I wanted to maybe long it. It's not going to be the ideal POA here, but with Bitcoin tanking, I'll probably be pretty conservative with that. Right, changing character. Hold on one sec, I gotta go grab a joint for this. Some popcorn. Oh shit, shit bounced. Yeah, I wasn't aping anything just yet. That's for damn sure. Yeah, fractal supply and demand.
Like sell to buy, buy to sell, inside bars, that sort, and wicks, or, yeah. Oh, yeah, no, no, no, yeah, for sure. Like, you're saying, like, for instance, like, over here, well, this would be inside, you could say, like, to that, and then, like, body, like that. Well, or for just this specific handle, you mean like that? Like, for, like, when you're saying body to wick, like, you're saying, like, this right here. This is an inside bar.
Or this, just the wick. Yeah, that's what I was saying. Okay, when you said body to wick, I thought you meant like the bottom. You know, like fractal for, like you can always refine and refine and refine. But yeah, no, that's one thing I was going on before you hopped on here is like lately with high time frames, it's like you'll see this reaction. Like say for instance, like you come to a four-hour body. Then you see the 15-minute change of character. And you can get trades, you know, off those little moves where it's breaking down, you know, it's breaking the structure of that 15-minute.
But as far as for swinging stuff, you'll almost always come back. It's not to break even if you try to catch the top reverse off of just the first zone. Wait, I don't need to roll this in my iPad. Actually, I do. I don't have shit else to do. I hate getting freaking trees in my mouse pad or my track pad. No, you're fine. I was just talking about rolling a joint. That's important. Right.
Yeah, that's what I was saying was just like right now in the market like they almost always end up getting tapped What time is it to oh yeah, it's that perfect time for this to happen to hurry up and roll this I'm almost done now try to rush speed roll that motherfucker Forget I only trade on my iPad whenever I'm on stream. So I was like why am I rolling on top of it? There's not a trade yet though in my opinion
but okay yeah they're nice that's the exact that's the only reason i have one you like the pen i don't know i don't like it i don't know why yeah mine's not the newest pro either so i don't know maybe that's it but i use it i was like i was so excited um to use it and then i used it i was like what the fuck it's like why do people use this yeah you know i know which one you're talking about yeah they're nice
You need to get the keyboard for it, Algo. Yeah, I like having the keyboard. Not for trading, but just for if you're using it on the go, because it's a little easier to carry around than a laptop. Me, personally, I'd rather have a laptop. But I have used the keyboard on it, and it's pretty crazy how well it works. The ones that have little trackpads and everything, I think they're by Apple. Sorry, excuse me. That was probably loud. Yeah.
Well, if you're looking at it, I see people use the term change of character differently. The way that Photon teaches it is like he uses change of character on a turtle, but this would be a break of structure if you close. Or you did close, yeah, so that'd be a break of structure. That's what I've been waiting for, so I'll post them out. Maybe, I mean, there's like a nice... Yes, definitely. So what'd you say?
You seen DXY, Algo? That's why. Yeah. Yeah, almost always I've found if you watch the way the market goes at market open though. Let's see. I want to see how it goes today. Like if we see the way it goes at market open, that's usually not always, but usually the opposite. It'll go the rest of the day. But this scenario is a little different because you kind of dump and continue to dump. Usually you'll see like it reverts pretty quickly if it's going to.
You have to always just pair that with the high timeframes, of course. But somebody said you can only hear me on the... It should be hearing everybody on YouTube. I don't know. Let me see. I don't know how to edit the... I'll have to stop it and then do it again. So give me for like two seconds. Share system audio. Okay, now... Somebody that's on Hilltop, if you can hear me, let me know if you can hear other people when they talk. They haven't yet, but...
Do you guys know that Bernie Madoff stole 60, what's it called? Lost his investors. I'm tired. Bernie Madoff lost his investors $60 billion.
Not bad. And he got sentenced to 150 years in jail. Jesus. He was one of the biggest Ponzi scheme runners in the world. How old is he going to be when he gets out? Yeah, I think I've heard that name before. He was the chairman of the New York Stock Exchange and he also ran the biggest Ponzi scheme. Worth 64 point something billion.
Jesus Christ. How did he manage to do that? Just like taking investors money and like somehow. Yep. He was taking your money to pay the other investors while keeping the change. Sounds like like 80% of crypto. How do they not like question Doquan about all this shit? Like what the fuck is in China? I'm sure. Don't get that guy. I thought he was in Korea. Invest into Chinese companies. Lesson number one for new investors.
He lives in South Korea though, right? China lies.
Any Chinese company. I don't know where he lives. He moved to Singapore from Korea. I'm sorry. Anything over there, you just don't put your money into it. Like Alibaba? Yeah. Robbie is brave as fuck for putting 100K in there. I would never. If you talk to any professional investor, they'll tell you to stay away from that shit. They don't put their money there.
They don't put their clients' money there. Nobody puts their money there. I think Bitcoin's going to come down a little farther here. I put my money in a hedge fund manager's pockets. Yeah? Your exit liquidity? Yep. Well, I call myself the anti-market maker. Somebody said, can I go over Seoul? Yeah, I'm probably going to do this. We're going to have to head out a little early today. Did you guys know that in the UK, parents are trying to get rid of the peach emoji?
Really? Yeah, because they're saying it has a sexual meaning to it, obviously. Wait, really? Yeah. So weird. I see Soul on the 4-hour. We were up in this... I think it was an inside bar. No, it wasn't. It was just this zone right here, this last candle. Came up into it. Got that change of character on the 4-hour now. Also, you've got a break of structure on the...
15 minute at the same spot. Looks like we're continuing that downtrend to be clean. But I'm going to be patient with this. I'll watch each one of these POIs, but really I see a lot of liquidity up here in unsatisfied supplies, fair value gap, equal highs. I wouldn't look for...
it to just you know topple completely from here we just swept this sell side liquidity as with i'm guessing a lot of coins are still are doing the same liquidity raid um so that's what i would look to see okay and dope hilltop you said he can hear other people i think we might get a little reversal here we'll see
Oof, the Nasdaq's popping. Yeah, I think this is going to be that little London close reversal. I think of the Bitcoin. This is a two-minute already. It might take some longs on Bitcoin here in a second. I'm going to wait. I'm just plotting it out now, but I'm not entering these yet. You know, you can have it preset to how many pitch stop-loss you want. Really? Oh, a template. I never even thought of that. Wait, is that how you just put it?
Yeah, it's a template. Oh, that's fucking dope. I'm not sure how I feel about that risk work because I'd be wanting to take most of it off at the high of the day, which is going to be like in this area. Even maybe lower to be safe. I don't even target that.
It doesn't change my candle. Algo, how do you get it to not do that? Because I know you told me one time, like, the candles on my, like, everything, like, my charts kind of sync, but they don't all the way sync, if that makes any sense. It's, like, weird. Do you have logarithmic on? No. Right click on the issue. Yeah, no. Hell no. I was going to say, I would know. Damn.
trend lines just shift not even the trends lines no no not the trend lines but the uh the damn like colors of my chart and shit like that oh um just apply the template so go to the which one has the this one up here they're not even a template it's just my saved setting yeah yeah so click on it on the window once it's highlighted go to settings and then um
apply to all. Just click apply to all. Wow. How do I not know that? I've like manually changed it before. And then you can set it as a template and it'll do it. So if you go back to the settings, just save it as your template. And anytime that that happens, you'll be able to go. So you don't ever use your charts on log, Casper? Not unless I'm like looking way back or like back testing or something. But even then, I really don't.
Let's see how both of these would look like. We could probably do a tighter stop, but rather not. I don't think people are noticing what's happening in the stock market. What's it doing right now? It's creating a creak. A 15 minute on certain stocks. You're a creak. But hey, what do I know? My head fucking hurts. You didn't turn it up, bro? Mm-mm.
i don't see the stock market doing anything since they're doing quantitative tightening yeah i'm just gonna watch on this if anything i'd just be cautious about my lungs yeah so basically what the fed is doing is they're dumping uh 30 billion or 46 billion back into the market of securities and bonds right selling their security because they have 8.9 trillion which is
Excuse me, which is just about half of the back market cap that they're going to start selling off. Isn't that insider trading? No, it's not. The reason why it's not insider trading is because it's the Fed buying shares of companies and bonds to keep the market up. It's what stopped the market from, it will cause that V-shaped recovery during the pandemic.
So you have to ask yourself if the money be, oh, Levi Strauss board approved, so 150 million share repurchase. See, right now, this is what you're going to start seeing. All the companies in the stock exchanges, they're going to have repurchasing programs because they don't want their stock to dilute because the Fed is selling their shares.
I'm interested to see how these react. Like you said, I'm not going to ape into these, but I want to just plot them out and see. Also, I like forward testing. Even if I'm not taking a trade, if I think about, okay, I could possibly see a setup here, but it's not what I personally want. Usually, I'd rather have that nice little shift in swing structure, but you did get that shift of internal structure. You have a fair value gap. I don't know. I'm not feeling too confident about these.
GMT coming to our long area. Yeah, I got that alert earlier. I think this is going to get swept once more. I'm just going to take these off so people don't long it. I hate even doing those because I'm scared people are just going to take the long or something. Sometimes that works for people. I'll hear in chat, I'll be like Neo looks pretty fire or something and somebody just shorts it immediately or longs it.
Yeah. Here, I'll send you what my chart looks like. These longs don't look bad, but... Look at, or I'll just at you so you can see. You just closed the one hour back within the range. Is it within the range? Looks like it's under. I can't tell by just looking on this picture. Spy's gonna come down. I hope nobody's in longs.
Yeah, this doesn't look like that kind of reversal you'd want to see as much. Not yet, at least. Could change, but... Like, for instance, a SPY, this would be what we'd be looking for. That ES, that's what I'm charting on. You'd look for a break above that, return to the fair value gap, and then longs. But you have to take that into account with everything else at hand as well. Where would it even be the target on SOL? If you look up at these equal highs. It's not bad.
Well, you can always, I'm trying to back test too with this, like see if you like watch how, cause like the ICT setup, you'd be in a long right now, but I've seen it doesn't always really hit. So I want to see, I'm kind of like trying to mix that with like, um, like you using the, the, I guess the.
idea or the framework trigger as like, you know, kind of your POI. And then just seeing how price reacts like, okay, we've got an internal change of character. We're back at that demand. Let's see if we get another. And then look at longs like that. I might take these on sole. Full screen on sole. One minute. Yeah, I'm going to take these on sole here. I'll hop off here in a sec. I skipped the gym yesterday. Do what Bitcoin's doing as well. Yes.
I don't know the ES, as long as it don't look terrible. Yeah, they don't. Nah, they did then, but now. I wanted it to go into 408, so 4,000 down there. I'll look in one second. I'm watching good old Bitcoin. The thing with Bitcoin, too, is it hasn't come into this POI, but it is in the fair value gap. That's the only thing I'd watch on it. I think Sol came back down. It swept a lot of sell side right here.
Yeah. Remember when it used to be like a fucking joke that people would crack about like, oh, you're using the one minute. And now like everybody's using it and it hits. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Good times. It all comes into this demand and reacts. So that's what I was saying. I want to like, you can see almost some of these concepts sometimes work with, with each other, like ICT and then some of the supply and demand stuff.
Yeah, like for instance in the stock market only energy and tech are up right now. Yeah. And tech is weak. I'll go with you watching. Which market? Forex. Forex? Yeah. I'm looking at GBP, JPY.
TJ for longs or what you think? Was that John? That is John. Yeah, dude. This kid's fucking voicing forever. Right? I didn't even know that was you. Nah, I was... How's Chirac, my boy? I'm not in Chirac right now. I'll be there in like five hours. Is that where you're from? Yeah. I'm in Colorado right now. I like it much more.
Dude, fucking that dumbass got COVID. That's so stupid. Flyer. I was like, yeah, well, I got COVID, so I'm going to beat it. And then he's like, I'm going to Detroit afterward. And I'm like, dude, I'm only going to be in Chicago for two weeks. Better beat that shit quick as fuck. Come on now. I didn't even know that. Wait, so wait, do you know you and Flyer are like boys in real life?
Nah. Oh, okay. Yeah. There's no flyer through this shit. I was like, oh shit, what? If flyer and I were boys in real life, I'd be much nicer with the crab. See, if you're getting aggressive with it, I'm trying to pair these photon things. You got your internal choach right there if you're using inside bars. I guess I can't tell which candle it is the same, actually. A lot of this depends on what ES is going to do, too.
Oh, shit. Oh, yeah, my girl brought me some breakfast. Oh, you eat a roll? Okay. Now she's like, roll me a joint. I'm going to mute my mic for a second while I eat. So I can hear you guys still there. Well, yeah, if you ask me anything, just let me know. No, we're trying to hear you eat, bro. Dublin Town, floor price, 6.5 ETH. What? Dude's talking about fucking... Dublin Town, 6.5 ETH. Freemint.
I don't... I don't know how... Honestly...
If it gets bad, all those people lose their money. And it sucks. Or something. Remember how I was talking about smart conch? Being able to write something. 2022 is going to be a year of mass suicide. I'm not even lying, bro. With everyone that's gotten into trading and crypto. Just thinking about all the normal people affected by crypto.
uh dj dude this weekend i was at some party and this kid was talking about crypto and he was like he's telling my homie and he was like yeah so uh do you got tick tock and he told some dude on tick tock i'm like bro are you serious like oh he gets financial advice from tick tock yeah i was like are you kidding me dude like no chance i mean you would have made a nice uh you would have made 10 if you bought four day yacht club yesterday
Not all of us can afford that shit out though It's only it was only 87 at the room only only do this more theater than I've ever seen but I think I could get Maybe 800x leverage Never spend my theorem on that
Oh, damn. Yeah, I hope nobody got into longs in the stock market. I got tired of telling people that no, that indicator is not where we're going. Supertrend? You don't like Supertrend, bro? Buy and sell? Nah. How to get rich in three steps? Dude, it gives you all the fucking things you can need. It tells you when to buy and when to sell.
What else could you need? Why even win? It's crazy that people fall for shit like that, bro. It's actually bizarre that people fall for shit like that. I could deadass just make my own indicator and act like it works. It's like people forgot the life lesson. If it's too good to be true, then it probably isn't. No fucking 30-second YouTube video is going to teach you the all-time...
Fucking profitable strategy to trading. Yeah. It's crazy how gullible people are, bro. Bro, I just can't believe people buy these JPEGs for this much money. I mean, people did it with modern art for years. Yeah, but modern art is tangible.
So modern art. It's fun. Modern art, at least you have the weight of a product in front of you. What do you have? What a fucking joke. Man, we get hit with an EMP. I'll go what you mean. And with modern art, it's like artists that are dead and can't paint anymore. Their paintings are fetching a bunch. Can we get hit with an EMP? They're literally selling a...
NFTs for the cost of actual art. Like, I can go buy Picasso. A fucking Picasso. For what?
For the price of 140. Yeah. I don't think you can buy a Picasso for 100k. Yeah, you can. You're buying some mid-Picasso, then, yeah. Some mid-Picasso. Yeah, you gotta be buying that exotic Picasso. Joe. Oh. Listen to One of One by Key Glock. You'll fuck with it.
I'm listening to Moscow Mule, my boy. Yeah, that's pretty mid in comparison. Fuck you, white boy. Never mind. We'll just fuck you, jail. Dude, I hate the fucking push to talk. Why do we gotta keep that on, dude? You don't push to talk? No, it makes me push to talk. It makes me push to talk. Now you can turn it on.
I think some people are just stuck on that. Playboy think I'm the kind of guy who's going to leave my knife out and just play music through it. Nah, bro. He's going to hear your mom yelling the fire alarm going off. Dude, yeah. There was a Picasso that sat in someone's closet for five decades and it sold for $150K.
Well, that person first offer if they want to milk it they could have milked it Yeah, it's fair but at the same time you set the fucking price if you got a fucking Little little like pamphlet hearts and shit
uh bitcoin just did some crazy on the one minute did it just go to the downside because the stock market it did that thing where it held a boner candle and then got immediately bought up at the bottom and i was outside of the range and i saw a fat volume come in it's doing the wyckoff ting right now i want to say that's bullish but i could be wrong because this doesn't look like full accumulation
There's some idiots buying up bottoms right now. Who are you calling an idiot? You bozo. Nah. I haven't made any crypto trades in like the past two months. I've just been trading fucking ES and gold. But I kind of miss crypto. Oh man, Bitcoin's just chilling in the fair value gap. I don't know, we still have a chance to reverse here.
One thing I learned from one of the Beat the Market Maker videos I watched is that, like, they'll fucking manipulate candles, and they'll just hold fucking candles to induce shorts or longs. Like, they'll print big boner candles, and they'll just, like, hold it there. There's a demand going right below there. No. Dude. Smash through this fair value gap and hit that demand gap. We're about to break the fair value gap.
Yeah, there is. There is Russia defaulted on some debt. What do I know? That's something 500 hit my level. I was looking at 408 for it to go hit. It has an area on the other side that I would guess that shit I don't like. I recognize that song anywhere. Such a banger. Yeah.
You know, usually you like that. I'll go. What? I say he's going to leave me out there like that. That's crazy. Oh, bro. My head started hurting. I was like, I got to go see something else. All this anchor VWAP talk is getting my head hurting.
That watch has been crazy. You see fucking PayPal? That shit is duh. I was watching PayPal, Tesla, Apple, Microsoft, and Roblox. I also have the, I have Boba Plus. Those are done, too. Those are just, Boba's following. Holy fuck. Yeah, market's coming down. Yo, these shorts pain, bro.
Were you selling your shorts from the other day? No, no, no. I'm still... I just trimmed at... It got auto-trimmed at 31.2, so I have my runners going for me. Where was the at, J.O.? Right.
Bro, what you mean? What you mean? What you mean? You know what I mean? I called these shorts yesterday, my boy. 100% short for the runner. Fuck yeah. I called these shorts out on stream yesterday. Yeah, shit. Where were you? It was a long day for me, dude. That's what I thought. It was kind of today, but it was a super long day. 106.
Can't be doing that. What's crypto at right now? Wait, yesterday wasn't Monday. What the fuck? Yeah, yesterday was Tuesday. Dude, I thought yesterday was Labor Day and Memorial Day. What the fuck? I'm a bar. Bro, you're one day ahead of us. I guess so. Fuck. That sucks. I'm so stupid.
Because week is almost over. Tomorrow is Thursday. Dude, I thought it was Tuesday. That's fucked. How much money do I need in my account to throw two grand a trade? 500k. Actually? What, in options? Uh, half a percent stop loss maximum. So 20 to 30 if I'm using 20x.
Sometimes that stop loss is like .1 though, or .2. You're flowing that bitch. Yeah, I was talking to Flo about this yesterday when we were playing Fort. Dude, JL, I will shit. You what? You cut out, my boy? Oh, dude, I thought you guys server muted me, but it turns out I muted myself. No, I will shit on Fort. Okay. Let's run it.
I'm not good at Fort. Neither am I. I fucking suck. I haven't played. I literally play that game to play with Flo. That's cute. No, I mean, because, like, I don't have anything else to play. He's a console gamer. Oh, he's a console gamer. Yeah. I didn't even start playing Fort again until fucking Flo.
And then Flo's sweat on Fortnite, dude. Motherfucker used to make fucking Fortnite montages. Yeah. It's just so funny. He's one of those good players. Yeah. One of those builders. Wow. Bitcoin's dumping.
Fuck dude this shit looks like a full distro pattern now This doesn't even look like a lick grab that and that upsets me All right, it looks like I'm gonna have to find a good entry to average up on these shorts Yeah, cuz I already trimmed we got our what 15 minute change of character
The problem is we might not see this level for a while. If this is a distribution, this is just a creation of supply. We can just dump straight down from here. Dude, I'm not even gonna lie. Like, you could be right for sure, but every time somebody says we don't see this level, we're never gonna see this level again, like, that shit just don't work out. Because I'm getting fucked. I swear.
oh no i'm saying we won't see this level for a while because from a higher time frame we just created like a higher time frame order block to the downside that's literally what ranges are they're just creations of order blocks supply and demand why didn't get kicked out of the stream what the fuck oh we could read actually i guess uh this might be a retest oh we could be retesting the um
Here, can I share my screen real quick? Alright, so it looks like we could be retesting the top of the range here, so this could actually be a point of interest for longs, because this is where we supply-demand flipped it, turned it into demand here, so we probably have an order block chilling here. So maybe we could catch longs here.
I don't know, but this also looks really ugly. We could just go straight down
dude what the fuck what's up with adam that's just like 10 bucks i was like disappeared for a few weeks because i like finals and shit and i had to like catch up on a bunch of work and then i come back and my port is just absolutely fucked like it's looking like dog shit and i'm like come on bro volume says we have a lot of demand in this range though which is why i still think it's accumulation but this is what i was talking about earlier we could do something like this or it's a
double bust yeah i've seen i've seen bitcoin create this ass pattern before i think it goes like this it literally it's just like it's literally like this yeah that's what i was thinking i was gonna come take that like low or moved up we could either take this lower we could once again come back and retest the demand in here i think i have the demand somewhere yeah no this is the fractal
Oh yeah, this is the fractal zone, but there's a smaller, I think it was like off the 50% of the wick. Because wicks are also just fractal zones, so you can play the 50% of it. You'll see that's actually what we did over here when we came up this wick right here, because we never violated the wick as a selling climax. You could have played the 50% here.
But that's like how wick filling works. So we could probably probably do something like this or we could do this. I think one thing ICT taught us is that we could also come back to our created range. We could even do this off equilibrium. Let me get rid of this real quick.
Are you going to look for an average up or no? If I've seen Bitcoin play out the way I usually see it play out, we're just going to fucking dump straight down. We'll probably have a little redistribution pattern here and then go straight down. If there were going to be any entries, I think they should have been over here. And these shorts. Yo, did you catch those shorts with me yesterday?
Yeah, because we were looking at them together. Oh, JL, you still trying to buy me Chipotle or no? What?
fuck you dude it was just my birthday you buy me chipotle it's just my birthday too like a week ago yeah my birthday was three days ago fuck you buy me chipotle yeah well uh yeah yeah you don't know what to fucking say buy me chipotle no i haven't made fucking dick for money in the past like week so uh you gotta buy me chipotle
I haven't made anything in the past, like, three weeks. I haven't done anything. I haven't made any trade. It's like one, and it was because Milan made me FOMO, and then I got fucked. Milan made me FOMO. And if I did FOMO and I waited 10 more minutes, I would have been paid as fuck. This would be our creation of Supplierator order block. So this is going to be a zone that we're going to come back up and touch in the future. It would probably be...
Probably be this whole area. Yeah, that looks about right. I don't know, where are you looking at for longs? What the fuck is this? Yo, Algo, you said you were looking at fucking GJ longs? All my shit got messed up. Because this shit looks boob as fuck, not even going to lie. Maybe I'm tripping now, which is most likely the case. I think we're bullish on the 15-minute right now, right?
Wait, sorry, let me rephrase that. We broke this here. You're JLQ, look at GJ. BJ? What the fuck is GJ? GBP, JPY. I'm saying it looks like a fucking short and a half. GDP, JPY.
Like on a high time frame, like, I mean, I don't know. I guess it's still bullish, but like... Did you say G-P-B-J-P-Y? G-B-P-J-P-Y. Yeah, G-B-P-J-P-Y. Yeah, it's the British pound and the Japanese yen. Yeah, I'm looking at it. What about it? Don't that shit look like a short or am I tripping?
Does it look like a short? I'm saying, like, that shit looks like a short, like, pretty much right now. Well, not like, I don't know. I haven't looked at lower time frames. I've just been looking at, like, the hour and, like, the daily. That shit looks like a fat double bottom. Double bottom, bro? Yeah, bro. What the fuck are you looking at?
The monthly oh Hey, your weekly's bullish my boy
on gj yeah yeah nah this is like i mean yeah bullish the market structure is bullish no like high time frame is bullish but like look look at daily and then like the hourly because it's in like a daily like i don't know man it's in like a daily supply zone and then hourly it looks like it's distributing like it looks like all you did was tap into a higher time frame supply and then you got a pullback yeah
But I'm saying, look at one hour, bro. Yeah, but I'm saying you tapped into weekly supply and you had a weekly pullback. So now I think you're going back up to break said weekly supply. And I think Japan is on track to become, what is it?
like the most uh like the best country oh like you're talking about the currency like becoming like the uh no their economy their their yeah i think their economy's about to boom my girlfriend was saying some about it but i think it's uh their gdp has gone up by like a good amount of percentage
Yeah, they're coming out of, like, the lost decade as well. Have, like, a shit year or something like that. Because Algo was talking about not that long ago that they were just, like, like, JPY's just fucked. Like, I'm saying it was five, six weeks ago. Yeah. But no, JL, I see what you're saying on, like, the weekly and all that.
but i don't know man i'm getting here i'll trigger it i've tried it for you real quick i need to make a play on my funded account or else i've never really charted forks before but here i'll show you it is weird going all the way yeah no it is so much cleaner but all right so you got your supply zone here confuse me
Let me see what I'm saying. Yeah. Alright, so... It has you on Bitcoin right now. Bro, I'm not on Bitcoin. No, I'm a bar. Yeah, I'm on Casper Street. Alright, let's see. Alright, so... Wait, this is even better. This looks like a fucking daily flip zone right here. Or no, it's not a flip zone yet. Alright, so...
You got a low here. You grab liquidity. Bullish, bullish, bullish. So monthly's bullish. I don't think you broke any lows here. Let's see. This is a weekly timeframe, so I don't know if I'd consider that a break of structure. Probably liquidity grab. This is bullish structure. Oh, okay.
Oh, fuck. Look at preferences as shit. You can't see it on the day or the weekly.
I fucking hear the defense, dude. That shit's so annoying. You get the idea. This is a change of character either, though. Yeah. So from here to here, this is when you start thinking that GPB, JPY is fucking bullish again. So you have this breaker structure to the upside, or this internal range. This means this would be your quote-unquote strong low. It got protected here.
So the goal of this low right here is to take out this high at 196.78. So let's see what else we have here. All right, this is actually, is this the low? Oh, this is the lowest low. So you have this zone right here as well. All right, you haven't retested this zone as demand yet, but I would say this right here is a flip zone.
yeah this flip zone you retested it here supply and then you traded through it so you flip this into demand here um so here's your weekly supply i was talking about so price objective right now wants to come up here and take out this high because like i said you're respecting this low so far
I want to say you swapped to bullish structure here. So you should expect this or anticipate this as a weak high. I'm trying to think if this is still bearish in a way. This would be a break of structure. You don't have another break of structure here. Maybe look at like, I don't know. The FXCM data feed might be longer. If that's what you're like trying to see.
To see if it's like... Do I need all the... Dude, this is a monthly chart, bro. I'm not trying to go back to fucking the 60s. Fair enough. Dude, I'd be looking at the monthly chart on gold going back to like the fucking 1930s. I'm just trying to use market structure logic. The market structure's bear from the 1930s. Because like this is technically... This is bearish, right? I mean, yeah, from the looks of it.
And I'm only trying to short it for, like, a day trade kind of thing. I'm not, like, I'm not thinking this shit's going to die. All right. This is really good right here. Accumulation, increasing volume on the moves up.
sideways action downwards volume i want to say that your objective is to continuously go up so i would see this as a pullback from weekly supply um if you come down to the daily wait let's see bullish internal is bearish this is bullish this would be strong low this would be high
Strong low, new high. Okay, so purely here, you have your breaker structure here, and then you have this breaker structure here. This is... This right here would be a minor pullback, so you actually have your change of character for the daily here to the downside.
you have your break of structure this is your minor your minor internal low strong low which got broken here so i would see this as a possible high all right so you could do something you could do something like this
Yeah, that's kind of what I was thinking. Because you have your internal breaks of structure here on the daily, which means your daily is now swapped internally bearish. So this would be your quote unquote strong high as you start to make more lows.
let's see you have a shit ton of liquidity here like a fucking pool of liquidity right here yeah that's why i was looking at shorts so we gotta take that out price is definitely be gravitating towards here um
Yeah, I could definitely see you forming a lower high here, taking shorts here, and then targeting all of this liquidity here. Because you haven't retested this supply demand as demand yet. So this is a little too far into the future, but you could maybe do something like this. Yeah. Go grab that lick, hit the fucking demand zone. But from a structural standpoint...
yeah i want to say this is a breaker structure to the upside this is your minor pullback so this is your daily change of character indicating that you're going to start seeing some sort of bearish movement and then you broke this structure point here which kind of confirms uh what's it called which kind of confirms that you want more downside and that you could be possibly reversing or starting a higher time frame pullback
So if your daily is just swapped bearish, yeah, you could start something like a weekly pullback and come all the way back down to like 145. That'd be prime. That'd be perfect.
and that would realign yourself with the overall higher time frame bias because you know using photon logic this would be a lower high this would be a lower high this right here could be a lower high and you could take out all of these lows and that would create a nice long fucking trend line of some sort not bad i was on the phone so build up even more liquidity but
Yeah, I see why you're thinking short. So for now, because this is a daily chart, so you have a long way to go because I think this is Forex, right? Forex doesn't fucking pump this much in a day, I don't think. You'd be surprised with that pair. Really? Oh, yeah. I know they have a lot of rules and regulations in Forex. Well, so GJ standard pips deviation for a range can be up to 50 to 70 pips, if I'm not mistaken.
Correct, John? Yeah, I believe so. Yeah, that's right. Like, GJ is, like, it moves pretty crazy. So, like, as far as, like, majors, that's going to be a more volatile pair. So, like, for instance, on, like, Euro-dollar, you can have, like, you know, those two to five pip stop bosses pretty consistently with most. And then a lot of moves, even on the lower time frames with GJ, will be much wider.
Yeah. One thing I'm watching on Bitcoin though here is we're starting to come down into this last bit of demand if we refine it back to the last candle. You could refine it fractal to even the one minute if you wanted and get way down here in these candles. But right now, if you mark this whole zone, that's that entire 15-minute candle right there. I'm pretty sure it's refined to the body it looks like.
Market, however, but I'm just going to leave this because we've seen price attempt. It's starting to attempt to go bullish. We saw one attempt here. There's not enough demand. The supply was still in control, right? So we came back here. Where was it? We got another one.
Oh yeah, right here. So supply tried or demand tried to take over. We broke, but then that supply is still overpowered. So we can still see a supply, new supply introduction is still occurring. So, but once we can see that order flow shift, we could maybe look for some longs, but that's only once and if that happens.
So I almost want us to go down into this zone minimum because this is what I'm seeing over and over. Like you were saying to jail with crypto, like Forex, a lot of times you'll see that reaction in this zone. Like you can get a one minute change of character in like this entire zone and that'd be the first one be a nice entry. But with crypto, you can even you'll see fake out on fake out at that point if you're using like a single confirmation. So crypto, it's more one thing I'm trying to like refine about these supply and demand zones because I think that.
A lot of people's problem is it's almost like you either get that last candle is almost like the minimum with a lot of crypto. And then if you have inside bars, those usually hit or those fractal perspectives on supplier demand. Yeah, it all depends on the timeframe for me. Yeah. Looking at what we've basically printed on the hourly now, and I think we just had a four-hour closure.
Oh, it looks bearish as fuck. This looks bad. Yeah, bearish as fuck. Especially because we haven't... We never came up and had our four-hour change of character, that 32,650. Oh, no, I mean, I'm bearish as fuck. Within that wick, within that whole wick is our strong high, and we could basically respect our strong high here.
That's what I was trying to tell you yesterday. I was like, I think we're going to fucking, we're going to die from here. I don't think that. And if we did get a liquid up there, I think it would just be a four hour wick. If, but at this point, I don't even see the logic for that. But like, I think that, I mean, cause really like, even if we're looking at the larger Wyckoff thing, like whatever, where we're like, you know, this is our spring or whatever, the secondary test, I can see it.
for sure but for me i'm not confirmed until we get that that change of character because i'm just going by market structure is like we have four hour oof but um the uh uh what's it called i just want to see like a closure above that before but i would see that if that happened but until then i just see this as like a retracement mitigation
right that's but you can see we're here too um once we got this break of structure sorry excuse me once we got that break of structure you know we had seen a pretty healthy introduction of new supply into the market like it but you did leave one zone like this inside bar really barely got tapped if it even got tapped i don't know if it did i don't think it really did if you use the wick it did but if you're the one minute
This is kind of going a little crazy. You could see that it kind of did get it hit into here. So with that being said, you know, you could want to see a retracement up to here if you wanted this inside bar. But I mean, the way I look at it, the new introduction of supply has been pretty clear. It's here, which, you know, you got you could have taken entries before even this break of structure, the downside. But for me, I just wanted to wait because we were this high up and we're in the four hour zone. I think that.
you know, once you get that change of character in the 15-minute, and now the 15-minute's bearish, okay, now we can look to short it, you know, because I see this as pretty healthy mitigation. Where I would look to short is probably up here in this zone right here. You could draw like this or however. You can always go in and refine that because I really see the selling started right there, and that's like the main unmitigated zone. Be like that right there. All of this really, but this would be the first one.
That's kind of what I'm going to keep an eye on. If we return up there, that's where I'll look to get short. Because I think that it's pretty clear that we're bearish right now. But at some point after that break of structure, I do want to see a...
i can't even think of the word oh yeah pullback brain's dead from one of these zones or after we sweep liquidity but like you said with bitcoin you may not even see it like you may just see like a complete dump you know what i mean like that might have just been it up there but
yeah that's why those uh that's why those fair value gap like 15 minute confirmation entries hit because yeah the fair value gap the top of like the accumulation or distribution the fair value gap that was a perfect like snipe entry at the top and okay i like literally if i was in that still like if i were you and still in it i would just have your partials and just stops at entry at that point like just hold like talking to like the lows of this range
Bullshit. Sounds like a good day is coming. Yeah, I think that I'm probably about to head to the gym here in a second, which is unfortunate because we're finally coming into these zones. But I'm going to be on the lookout for a return up to those areas.
But usually, I think, I don't know, like JL said, we've seen a pretty rough morning. Also, I haven't really looked what stocks are doing, but unless we see a reversal across all markets, I feel like the blood will probably continue for a little bit. It's a four-hour time. Damn, I shouldn't have. Oh, well. I got to get in that habit because I've been...
i've been in i've been in profits but i don't but i've always like not trimmed and then it went goes back down to fucking break even so i got to get in the habit of just taking some yeah if you trim like um like 25 around like 4r you just can leave your original stop or you there's a lot of different ways that you that way like even if your target's really far you still have like a um
a very defined area that you take profits no matter if there's a tp there or not you know what i mean like you have to have like those rules to where you can um make it thoughtless like a thoughtless process yeah let's see bitcoin's not really showing any signs of reversal just yet this is why i want to put a minimum of two g's per margin every trade yeah you just i mean you got to just be consistent with your stop loss so like that's that's the best way to do it
Yeah. Because that way, like, you're always making for every R, like, say, if you have a 10-hour trade, well, theoretically, if you held it to the end, you'd make 10%. That's the only way, like, if you're going to, like, over time, in my opinion, that's the only way to make a lot of money because you compound your position sizing. That's the trick to it because, you know, once you make, say, for instance, if you make 5% on the day,
you know you're the next time you come back you're that that position size is going to be bigger exactly you know what i mean so then you can weather a little bit of losses and then you know that the losses go the same way if you take too many but as long as you can you don't even have to have a positive win rate per se but if you have a higher average p l it's like there's like you know you could have that higher win rate but you're you know you're with really wide stops and you have you know
maybe a higher strike rate, but less, you know, and you can still be just as profitable. It's all just goes into like developing a style that's consistent. Cause there's like, you know, using like lower timeframes isn't for everybody. Like some people have like shit they got to do. You know what I mean? Like, and if you can't be on the charts, it's not like, that's not the way you got to be watching. If you can, you know what I'm saying? So like, that's why it's like M15 is good for some people.
You know, I still like the m15 if you can get good risk to reward but in these ranging Conditions you can't really get that with those 15. You know what I mean? It's like max like three four are ever and that's like full TP Yeah, bitcoins not showing much any signs of strength here If anything you may even look down here in that lower 15 minute zone, but this is already really been tapped into
Because the thing is with Bitcoin, when you really look at this, I mean, going by just like basic supply and demand, this is the demand that sent you up somewhere in this wick. So it's like if you don't reverse at this point somewhere around here, you're looking pretty fucking weak. Yeah, usually when in patterns like this, those are the zones I don't pay attention to.
Yeah, because you can just tell the supply is just heavily in control. You know what I mean? So it's like... Yeah, like the only reason that pump ever happens is to put us into the distribution range in the first place. Exactly. So it's like, you have to really wait. So a lot of people will try and like, yeah, take the order block and long that. Yeah, just like set and forget and just get wrecked. Exactly.
That's why I don't really like sitting and forgetting it all. That's the main reason of using the lower timeframes, other than, of course, risk-reward, but it's just to wait. You know, you might have to take more entries, but if you can get that, once you get those confirmations, you're going to be a little bit more apt to take longs. It's like here at this point, some people are already long, and who knows, they may be right, but they don't know until it's, you know, you know what I'm saying? Like you said, it's like they'll just try to log in the order book and get clapped. Yeah.
Yeah. I was wondering where the hell this noise was. I forgot I was on your stream. I was like, what the fuck? I got cars drifting. Wait, I'm still streaming? Yeah. I don't know. I have it turned way down. You showed me, you were pulled up TA and I was watching it. I forgot it was even like, I was even on that. I was like, wait, why is there? I was looking around at my other screen like, what the fuck? Yo, I'm dead. That shit is funny.
I fucking hate to push to talk. This shit's so annoying. Yeah, that sucks. I don't know why it's like that. The market is bearish. Bearish. Let's go look at my SPX chart. Don't look at SPX. Oh my god. That's hot as fuck. That looks so good, bro. I've just been riding these fucking shorts all day. I've just been riding them. Pause.
It's even worse about the push to talk is every time I fucking do it, it messes up my trading view because it pops up like the, like, take your search thingy. Nobody asked. It's so annoying. You know what, JF? Fuck you. You know what? I asked. Don't worry, man. I asked. Yeah, that's my boy.
Yo, fucking peep the SPX chart in crypto chat. We fucking... We retraced perfectly, bro. It's time to shit. I'm watching it. Not watching. A four-hour just slapped right into that supply. Yeah, Glacier asked me to fucking chart SPX. Like, I want to say a few weeks ago. Yeah. We came right back up, bro, and tapped that breaker that lines up with ICT, the optimal trade entry.
That's 70.5 and we immediately fucking sold off from it. Yeah. SPX is looking nice. I wonder, do I split these shorts or just... Nah, pretty good. Ooh, that means we might be ready for our next leg down. Yeah. 100%. Crypto? No, I'm fucking... Everything. Basically on everything. Here, look at the daily chart. Yeah.
That means we're coming to take like 3730 next. Definitely after lunch hour, after this hour. When they come back. I think we'll dump, bro. I don't think we're going to dump that bad, though. I don't think we're going to break this zone today. I don't think they want to trigger circuit breakers. They've been doing a good job not doing that for the past couple months.
Not doing what? Popping circuit breakers. If the market just drops like 5%, they're halt trading. Flypots would be paying me right now, right?
if i can read the spx chart i can what play spy calls and puts just play futures yeah but to be honest i'd fucking just run it on run the fucking run the zero days today oh yeah it was wednesday oh bro the zero days where they've gone crazy today oh yeah zero days are crazy on spy wait are there zero days today i thought there's only zero days on wednesday there's zero days on wednesday yeah this is right up my alley right now no bro the
No, fucking 930. 930 open, bro. It's actually what it hit because we literally tapped that supply zone and then sold off. Dude, I'm about to full port some calls. You're going to trade Spy. Trade SPX. Oh my god, bro. There's a change of character right there. Long-term practice. I'm about to bring Photon to fucking...
I would just play ES though, bro. There's way more money. I don't know. I'd say they're on the same chart, just different liquidity providers or whatever. Different charts. The way you play it is different. If you play options, that's a lot different than just like...
playing the minis you can make more money sometimes on zero days obviously you know i'm saying for sure but i like i'm saying i don't i don't know how to trade any of the other indices like i've only ever traded stock options before well it's just okay so for instance like an es i think there's like you can play it on so you can use discount leverage which is like playing on like a forex broker you can play spx or whatever which is like the equivalent um right but like
There's like regular contracts, which you have to have per contract. You have to get to like right now, like 24 to 26,000 open per contract, but they move $50 every tick, which is every 25 cents, if I'm not mistaken. Right. Or is it every penny? I can't remember. Oh, 25, 25. That's right. And the minis, the minis move, um, $5. Yeah. And then they take like 12 to 1400 margin.
Yeah, Algo was telling me about these. Yeah, that's where the money's at, in my opinion. I mean, well, just the way that I... So I shouldn't play spy options off the SPX chart, then? No, I'll just use spy chart. There's minis and micros. You could, but you definitely want to look at the spy chart, as well, if you're going to be doing that. I would just play options on SPX, because with SPX options, 60% of it's going to be taxed as long-term gains, regardless.
oh really yeah because it's cash settling instead of share settling like if you hold it into expiration you're not going to get assigned and end up with a bunch of xbx shares it'll just give you that amount in cash yeah index options are different for taxes either way though i'm saying just run that shit on like a funded account or like a discount like forex broker or something like that
or you can just like run the e-minis off like td like you'll be much yeah that's i would recommend that yeah i mean that's the best case scenario but yeah and they have the micros if you want to do like it's only i think like 2 000 you have to put up for contract for those yeah how much how much do you need that how much how much do you need for a td uh account i mean as long as you have enough to put up
I'm pretty sure you need like 25k, right, Casper? For the mini you do, but for the micros, the micros are a tenth of the size. That's what I was trying to say earlier. I was saying it wrong. Micros are the ones that you need less. Micros are for people with nine to five jobs. Shut the fuck up. I'm not saying that in a bad way. I'm saying that they literally want to fucking include us so they can take our money. In a way, though, if you're looking at taking...
profits in multiple areas i mean you're better off trading micros though because you can sell you know the time decay and all the like the greeks going into it yeah i mean like think about like this unless you're trading like you know like you got like a you know a sizable port for most people like most people aren't trading with a quarter mil you know i'm saying um if you're trading regular like minis you know you're just uh you know you're only you're gonna be i have to sell that contract you know what i'm saying does that make sense like it's not like
wait for every buyer there needs to be a seller no chance it's funny on um ict literally will like that dude's a fucking animal he'll literally buy a contract just to uh
see how it affects the market, if that makes sense. Or buy a couple contracts, and he'll take a $1,000 loss. He's like, that's part of the game, guys. That's testing the market and see how it reacts. I was like, what? But he does it live, and he does it in a way where it's... I know that sounds ridiculous, but he'll do it, and they're like, yeah, that's going to be a good reaction. Then he'll just put 40 contracts. That dude will trade 40 contracts. He'll say he's putting a feeler out. Yeah, yeah, a feeler. And then he'll put 40 contracts.
at the bottom of like a lick right before you've got any kind of like like stuff most of the other smart people use and you're just like this is a psychopath he makes racks though dude yeah he does i was watching one and he made like it had his pnl and he made like 30k and like
like an hour like and he was just like totally like yep that's that's really good day now guys i want to go have lunch thanks it wasn't even like an hour it was like 40 minutes bro it was literally like he's like all right looks like we're gonna 9 30 to 10 bro yeah literally some shit like that and i was like dude holy fuck yo those 9 30 to 10 days are the best yeah so nice that's why i love the minis because you can be done like early as fuck
one little tesla play goes like sitting at your desk waiting for the setup yeah that's one thing to be honest i mean i'm more and more considering starting to switch to like heavier uh
like focus on like 4x indices because crypto price action is cool and all but it's just not it's not the same in my opinion like it's inconsistent like what works and what doesn't and yeah these concepts work but they they like i see a shift a lot like for instance you'll start to see bitcoin really reacting um to internal change the character at times
You know what I mean? And it obviously has to do with all the other, the context you're in, like the liquidity you've swept and all that. But even backtesting it, like ever since we came down into this like under 30K range where we've just been sitting, it's been pretty just like chop. You know what I mean? Which would kind of go in hand in hand with the Wyckoff. That's the one thing that I did, like, because it's like, that's the...
Isn't the purpose of whatever, like the STB or whatever jail, that the purpose of that is to exhaust investors and drown out? No, that's just the purpose of phase B. Yeah, phase B. That's right. Phase B in general. It's just a long, trendless trading range that exhausts supply and knocks out any weak holders. Exactly. So that was the only, or not the only, the main parallel I saw. I was like, okay, that sounds pretty accurate. See, Bitcoin just doesn't look strong here yet. You're starting to get those little...
runs up but it just looks like it's part of a pullback to the downside a lot of people think oh what's it called um ranges like are are from like a lack of action but they're actually they have like the most action out of anything right it takes the most action to hold that range it's yeah it's basically a battle between supply and demand bulls and bears like i probably just got that 15 minute change of character
I guess I was foreclosure because I got that a while ago. Do I have another alert down here? No. I guess that's just delayed. TradingView does that. Let me see. I don't even think I put foreclosure. Yeah, no, I put only once. All right, just now I get that alert. It's so weird.
I thought that, but to be honest, I've always been like, you're probably just missing it. To be honest, most of the time, I'm probably just missing it. I don't get alerts on my phone, which is fucking annoying. Let me know. If your PC is open, that's the main problem with that.
Oh, fuck, baby. I caught a top. That's such a good feeling. Damn, bro. You still want that Chipotle? I forgot about that, too. You sound broke. Dude, yeah, I'm down bad. It's okay. That's how college students are. Yeah, it's kind of fun at all.
My spending habits do not fit what I fucking have. It's so bad. Well, where are you at school at, homie? We're at Colorado State. Oh, nice. I lived out in fucking Boulder and then Denver like a few years ago. It's a good-ass area. Yeah, no, I fucking love Colorado. It's so nice out here. You're up by Wyoming, though, right? Yeah.
Close as fuck to Wyoming. I hate Wyoming, though. Go to Wyoming for two hours to go to Jackson. But like, grass. Burnt-ass grass. Yeah, 80's weird out in Wyoming. Are you talking about like interstate 80 or like a different way? Like 70 up into 80? Or is that? That's Nebraska. I miss skiing in fucking Toronto.
Yeah, dude, the skiing is so nice. A Basin is still open. We went there last weekend. Damn, yeah, I used to have that pass, that, like, icon or whatever pass that you could just go to all of them. Yeah, that's what I got. It's so nice. It's clutch. It's you. I get that shit for, like, 600 bucks, so it's, like, half the day. Damn. Like, perfect. It's clutch as fuck. Yeah, no, it's so nice. Like, my four days at Jackson hole, like, paid for the entire pass. Damn.
You just need to get a little RV or camper and go plug up up there and you can just be a ski bump. Yeah, that's facts. Hit the slopes all day. Hit the slopes nonstop. Wyoming is so sketchy. Oh yeah, fuck. We're driving through it with a bunch of bud in our car. This is so sketchy. We get pulled over and we're all going to jail. That was some bullshit.
come from colorado where it's like
You can get that shit easy, though. Yeah. Went out of Colorado to Iowa one time and was sketching out going through Nebraska. Yeah. Nebraska, they're heavy on it, too, dog. They're heavy on it out there. Yeah, dude. Really heavy. This is fire. Load it down. Yeah, I think the new strut is 2Gs, 50% trim, bro. And then runners make bank.
Oh, never mind. I'll join in on that. Yeah, like, once you're on, uh, once you're, like, kind of, like, up at these areas, it's like, I don't even want to trim, like, more than 50% if it's too early, because, you know, you might be catching a good area. Jesus, what a fucking move you caught, composite. Yeah, that shit's fire. Even yesterday, I looked at it, and it was just, like, slightly down. I was like, oh, fuck, I missed it. Oh, damn, I didn't miss it.
fucking 173%. 175 on 50x. Nice. I want to see a return up to this area, but this displacement is pretty crazy. I'm just chilling though. What, now that we broke that other low over there, you want to see it return?
Yeah, like really for me, this was like the break of structure in the 15 minute, which you can look at zones down through here, but I'd like to see a return up to this area. Okay. But, you know, I'm not going to bet on it. Yeah. Supply is pretty clearly in control of the market, but we're definitely bearish, confirmed on the M15 for me. Damn. I could basically validate this whole thing as a redistribution. Yeah, I think that's 100% what I think it is.
That's what I think too, but I just don't know yet. Yeah, I keep muting myself and it just keeps confusing me. Yeah, using logic, I mean, we could even come back all the way down to 27,000 and not break this low and then reverse from there. I feel like it's going for that low if we go that far.
What'd you say? I think it's going for the major low, the four hour if we go that far. You think so? I do. I still have a, what's it called? I think minimum you're going to take this low. I agree. I think I was still looking for 27.5 because that's underneath the 27.9 liquidity. Yeah, I could see that. That was like the 50% of the wick, I think. And there's a fractal demand zone there. And that's the original demand zone that gave us.
any type of push to the upside yeah basically using that logic that's this zone gave us a 20 move to the upside so i'm definitely expecting a reaction from there if not a reversal so we come all the way back down there i'll probably look for longs again at 27.5 like i originally planned
The thing is, the volume, there's a lot of volatility within this range that signals redistribution, but at the same time, I also see signs of supply absorption, which is what has me leaning more towards accumulation.
Yeah, Bitcoin jumped off the cliff, didn't it? Oh, yeah. This area is going to be a big POI for me, really up anywhere in here. This is where you really started to see that selling. This is going to be the fractal of this wick and then also this last candle. I hope we come back up there. Yeah, me too. I'm not going to chase it if we don't. Oh, wait. I'll pay attention to other key zones, like these sell-to-buy areas like this.
Because on a one hour, that's probably going to be a sell to buy. I think Playboy did mention that higher time frame fair value gaps work as well. Oh, yeah. I know we have that big ass four hour fair value gap too. Which I think I want to say I remember a setup like this before. I can't tell this is an inside bar as well. Yeah, it is. I'd watch this whole range as well right here.
Anyways, I'm going to hop off here and go to the gym. As always, I appreciate you guys. I might hop back on after we get back. I'm not sure though. But if not, I'll see you guys tomorrow night. And yeah, just be safe out there. I think there's going to be some good trade setups. Maybe even buys or sells at some point, but I'm more waiting for the shorts. But I would keep an eye because when you see this kind of displacement, setups like to present themselves after the smoke clears.
But anyways until tomorrow, I'll see you guys later.
