You think? NFT's got obliterated, dude. I knew that shit was about to happen. I even took some L's on signing in the cap, bro. Is it really? I haven't really... Yeah, but I mean... That's how you know it's a fucking bear market. We're long and stable coins. Literally. That shit is crazy. That shit's crazy. I mean... Wait, what? Is it? Hold on. I didn't do it from the wig. Yeah, hold on.
Damn, he's not lying. It's like 42. I don't even want to look at anchor
yeah i could see i mean look if you right yeah it'd be buys or sells in my opinion on most like see like here like luna um the way i see this is okay we did come down um to some this is real like true daily demand it's not been tapped never been revisited um what did i just do um but you know we have like a high time frame poi like that under sell side liquidity
and we already we it's funny we thought the equal lows were what up here like this looks like a different chart to me now it's insane like i remember we were trying to find the entry we had an entry off of this area and then this push back up stopped us to break even so like 70 on 10x and then it just died but at one point this was the sell side liquidity and that's a fucking joke now um these equal loads even got swept i mean you've swept literally i mean really the last what um
seven months of price action in three days and that is fundamentally based as well as the market you know dying but like
It's just, I mean, I wouldn't be surprised to catch some longs here, even with Luna. Even with everything that's fundamentally going on, like you see this daily demand under that liquidity, that's, you know, for one, I'm looking, like most of these plays, like once we come under these major lows, even this low, even if we would have just came under this low, because this is really the strong low when you really look at it. This was the last low we made, the higher low before we broke all-time high.
There was a ton of liquidity resting there. I think the fundamental momentum of UST being depegged threw it all the way down here. But it's weird. I always like to say price action tells a story that is going on without having to understand. You don't have to watch the news to tell something happened here or something was manipulated. And with UST, I speak on it too much because I want to do more homework. But from what I understand, it seems like it was pretty manipulated and probably an attempt to liquidate.
Doquan and Terra, in my opinion. That could have been what a lot of this crash in general was behind because where they've added Bitcoin to their reserves, basically they're trying to become a bank. Imagine if Bank of America, if everybody wanted to take out 20% or however much it was out of their bank account at once. It's like newsflash, they don't fucking have it. You know what I mean? I think that's kind of what...
what happened with the deep pegging i don't i don't like i said i want to speak on it too much but um we cleared all of these lows so anywhere at this point even if i'm still bearish like i can still be bearish in this like long term i'm gonna look for relief and i'm gonna look for it probably in premium of this price swing so looking at a daily i can already tell you my main interest is gonna be in this efficiency if i can find my fucking tools
right here, somewhere in there. So from here, I'll go to four hour, see if we can find some supply. You could maybe even mark this just to keep it. And this all is going to take confirmation. We might've already got it. We might haven't, but I'll have to look in a second.
probably somewhere in this area, I would probably just mark all of this and just really wait for price to come up into this gap and then wait for a reversal. But you could, I mean, damn near target that if we do reverse, like that would be, you know, first target would be probably like equilibrium of this inefficiency. It seems like we're pushing to it. We're going to form the inefficiency on this close tomorrow, depending on price action we see may or may not still be there.
But anytime we come under these lows like this, this is where everybody is just like, fuck this. I'm out. You know, like this is, you know, talk about the fear and greed index. It's fucking broken right now. So if you are going to long, this is the kind of stuff you long. It's just like whatever, you know, we've made a new all time high and you have this huge gap. And really even more so because we all know like when crypto fucking bleeds, it fucking bleeds. So here.
Really, in the 15-minute, I don't see any structural shift yet. But you could, I mean, just playing the bounce off this demand, that in itself, I mean, it's already, what was it, Scarab's like fucking 48%. That's insane. Does that look like 48% to you guys? I feel like I'm like, I don't know, that's crazy. Yeah. Like, bro, what is this? I'd watch it here, though. Huh?
Oh, dude. They're going to need a fucking... I tweeted earlier. They're going to need a fucking therapist as utility. Fucking, dude. Real life. There's going to be, like... It's going to be... I honestly... Bro, right? It's going to be... There's going to be some dark shit, bro, that comes out of, like, the Borde fucking craze. Right. Yeah, there's a lot of claims that it's a... But I've not done enough to... Really? Yeah. They're not. No, no, no. They're not on Coinbase.
This is a nice setup right here. If like, for instance, like anytime I've been using this to scalp, it was kind of like one of ICT's methods, but basically like whenever you come and do any kind of POI, you can go in the one minute, whether that POI is demand or, you know, areas of liquidity, you know, you break structure because you, you know, here's your swing structure. You have this low, high, low, high, and instead of making that lower high, you broke it.
So once you get that first change of character, if, this is a big if, if you have a fair value gap, this one would have been, you would have had some drawdown depending on when you entered. These aren't limits. You just wait for price to come here and you buy with stops under the low. Usually pretty good on risk to reward. Like this one, I would have taken a good bit here because you see this liquidity sitting in these equal highs up here. You could have had...
I mean, a nice trade. And this is really simple shit. These are satisfying because they play out so fast. Like, let's say you had this. They're not going to be as good RR as, like... God, look at that fucking person. Holy shit, bro. Like, it's like, is Luna broken, dog? Like... Or this up here? Or this? Or this? Yeah.
Yeah, the thing about them is they're like, well, a lot of them, to be honest, I've been using it quite a bit on Bitcoin and Ethereum, and a lot of them, when you're playing the one minute, they don't come all the way back down. This one did, but the ones I've seen at least, like whenever you're scalping like this, and I will say these work better. Maybe if you're talking about in demand, because I haven't backtested using demand as a POI, so that actually would make sense because that would be like fractal order flow, like you're going to return to demand inside demand.
But like under equal lows and shit is where I've been playing it more so. And usually there, it doesn't really form that. So that's probably the difference. Because this would make more sense, honestly, to use the demand. If you use that, then you have a really nice trade. I mean, even this, a lot of people look at this and they're like, oh, that doesn't really look. That's 5% of your port. Because here, these scalps, when you're on these, you're not trimming till the end. I'm not. If I'm in one of these, I'm holding that bitch till.
take profit or stop loss. You know what I'm saying? This trade took what? Fucking, um, yeah, bro. 40 minutes. You're fucking days over. That's a weekly goal. 5% of your port. That's a really like, people probably like kind of sleep on that. All these, a lot of people that are in crypto are just like spoiled. I feel like, but, um,
i mean honestly you could have even used this really because that's that supply but um i would still probably use the equal highs but yeah a lot of people are just like spoiled but this is like it's a 40 minute work day if you do it right especially if you're like i'm trying to back test certain strategies and if i can get over like a 75 win rate like on on like ethereum is what i've been using on i'll start risking more
You know what I mean? Like, if you rest 2%, that's 10% of your port, you know, in 40 minutes. But...
Yeah, Luna, I mean, that's crazy how much volatility percent wise. Although like on the 15 minute, I don't think this is, I think this is going to dump more. I could be wrong. I think what's going to happen is you're going to hit, you're going to come up into here and you're probably going to break this low. And then after that, that's where you might see this change of character. But until then, I wouldn't really mess with it. Like if you got in here, then yeah, that's great. But you know, so Bitcoin.
has not broken above either. This is one thing I don't like about it is we have this buy side liquidity. And that's good if you think like, oh, that's going to attract us to change character. But that would be more of a liquidity rate situation in my opinion. And I would want a closure even in the 15 minute where I usually use Wix. But I mean, there's already been, there really wasn't. I mean, there was,
On the one minute, there's a change of character, but there's not really a trade opportunity there because you just kind of flew past it. That's another thing I don't really like. I like whenever price shifts. If we're in a huge pivotal zone like this or we're looking for a major trend reversal, I'm going to need a lot to convince me of that and give me a pretty clean price structure. What I would anticipate here is consolidating.
within this little range here forming some liquidity on both sides and then really the thing about it with bitcoin is
I would have to shift my perspective bullish here. I just don't see a notion not to, like whether I'm talking midterm or longterm, whatever. But I mean, we've cleared out the yearly lows. We're in the same demand that set us to all-time highs last time, which none of that's a guarantee. But that's telling me that a lot of the sell-side liquidity has been removed from the market. Most people who are going to get stopped out got stopped out.
very violently how we would want it if we're looking to play reversal um now on the the other hand this really does more and more in my opinion after it broke that this just looks like redistribution and um redistribution um if i were you know playing it just based off of that you know my end target would be down here like 28k it'd be these equal lows that'd be a cherry pick trade um
Really? Yeah, yeah. I... Yeah. Yeah. No, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's the thing. Exactly. We're so close. Like somewhere in here. Yeah. Probably this institutional candle. Maybe even the last one, but I'd be generous personally because I want...
I mean, dude, I would not be surprised. So that's what I'm getting at is like, you know, I can't help, but when I say I'm bullish, I should rephrase that because people are like, oh, bulls, we're in the building. I'm not saying, oh, here, I think this is a bottom. I'm just saying if I were looking to trade, whether it's intraday, whether, you know, I'm going to be more apt to look for longs. I'll sell short.
You know what I mean? But I'm going to need a lot of confirmation to actually take longs. And I'm not liking this so far. Like this to me, that's a trap. Like that tells, like, I mean, you know, we'll wait for 15 minute, one minute confirmation. Then I'd take a trade and if it gets stopped out, so be it. But when I'm looking at this here, I see, you know, oh, people are like, oh, change of character. But really you just swept liquidity and then you come back into bearish order flow. Down you go.
That's a real possibility, and that would be a very Bitcoin fucking thing to do. And it would also go with the fact that Ethereum hasn't hit its low yet either.
I wouldn't touch Ethereum until I'm under this, unless I get a nice shift in swing structure. I shouldn't say I wouldn't touch it, like equity or swing lungs. I'll day trade it all day. And I also do see, when we're looking at this price lag down, we've got...
huge POIs that aren't really in premium yet. So maybe there's something up here in this area that this might be the price leg and whatever, but I would be more comfortable if it looks something like this. And guess what that would do? Sweep these lows.
And that's more speculative, but usually when you have these big points of interest, market makers are going to want to push this down to where retracement to that would be back up into premium, because that's going to give the better shorts, if we are still remaining bearish. But we are under old lows, swept a lot in two days.
So a lot of liquidity has been swept. Right now, it's just a waiting game. I'm not really rushing to get any swings. This is a day trader's market, and it would be nice to get a change of direction here. Ethereum looks better than Bitcoin, I will say that, in terms of immediate bias. I wouldn't consider that a choach. Did they just form equal highs, actually? I cleared it barely.
Yeah, I'd wait for a candle closure. Once we get that, I'm going to be scaling in to the low timeframes for confirmation. But I wouldn't rush this. I don't see it just yet. I want more.
Dot is what I want to go over that I like a lot. So we look at dot on the daily. This is one of the more clean charts, in my opinion, because we came down and we cleared this yearly low. There's a very clear price target. If we were playing buys to sales, it would be the supply that pushed us through that. And drop this.
It'd be a nice target. If we're using external liquidity, we're going to target the opposing range's internal liquidity. Also, we're in an untapped daily demand zone. Whether you draw the lower candle, whatever, but it's untapped, and it looks like... Did we clear this low, actually? Might have. Yeah, it did. Not by much, but it still did. You've cleared a ton of liquidity on DOT.
The next zone is way down here, which could happen. Wouldn't be surprised at this point. Looks like there actually are some equal lows. But I'm not going to make that my target just yet. So DOT is one of the alts that I am watching for a reversal. But really, whenever we're in these super chaotic times, I'm cool with just waiting for confirmation on Bitcoin and ETH before I start getting into any alts because you can get wrecked.
Let me go to chat and see if you guys have asked. Yeah, it's fun to have been trading during all this madness that provides for a lot of volatility. I had to figure out, I was echoing in somebody's shit. But yeah, this shit's crazy. This market's been fucking nuts. I'm just not comfortable longing this yet for any kind of swings.
Because once we get, you know, even a 15 minute, not even waiting for the one hour, really the same swing structure on both. But that's when you'll start to, once we break out and can actually have a direction, I think there'll be a more satisfying trades with less drawdown and higher probabilities. And just to see what happens at London Open.
i like ethereum better as you honestly ethereum's price action is just so much better in my opinion bitcoin it's just less wiki and um kind of manipulated i guess if you will they're all manipulated of course but um any spot plays i'm not looking at any spot plays yet now all right for that i'm gonna need um
And really, I'm more to the point right now with crypto, like I would rather like open like two to three X longs instead of buying spot unless it's a really good coin, because I think a lot of this shit's going to get obliterated. Like coins that people really love that are major coins, I could see getting absolutely obliterated. We've about seen it with Luna, which is crazy because Luna went from, you know.
top tier you know it's creating a decentralized economy too this shit's you know completely just fucked is ada a dead shit coin um i don't know ada builds a lot um so i do have respect for them for that like i think that they have a lot to learn and i think that they get overhyped which is not even necessarily their fault like people kind of like have higher expectations on ada than and i feel like they even have sometimes um
This chart looks like it's going down, though. He said his boss bought $7,500 worth when it was worth $180. That sucks. This is a rough-looking chart. It really is. I mean, you're already in this fair value gap right here. Oops. Yeah, I mean, you are taking a lot of liquidity out of the market, I will say, as far as, I mean, you're clearing out these lows in the weekly.
daily or under really any lows so you could use this um as your poi like but this is a huge fucking range i mean this is literally from like 38 cents to 70 cents so it's like you know or i'm sorry 63 cents it's like do you it's not what i would be keeping my eye on not at all imx hell yeah i got let's actually look at imx it's probably fucking cheap i bet i haven't
Almost like, don't even want to see this. Makes me sad. It's not that bad. I mean, you're going to clear this low, I'll tell you that. Yeah, equal lows, all-time lows. Yeah, this is going to go down more. 100%. Did I already clear this? I don't think it did. 105. Oh, it did. Oh, wait, no. It's 1095. No, it didn't. Oh, yeah, it did. Shit. 11. Yeah. Blind.
Well, I mean, you know, once you get under these old lows, it's plausible to look for relief, but...
Like I was saying before, I wouldn't be touching much except the majors right now because you can have good TA on some of these coins. And if Bitcoin doesn't have great TA in these situations, you're just going to end up wondering what you did wrong. Here's the thing I'll tell you. Once you can understand the concept of high risk to reward and only playing those trades, you can get an amazing trade every single day on just Bitcoin and Ethereum.
You can get one on each of them every single day. If you trade at the right times, you know your trade model, you know what you're looking for, and you only execute off that.
you know, you're hitting, if you hit these five, six, even four hour trades, that's a daily goal in one trade, like 5% in the day. Like it's, you know, if you take that one trade in the morning and you hit that, just be done for the day. You know, that's, that's how you, you know, you can have those, you know, one, two hour work days with not much anxiety because, you know, let's face it, if you're in like swing trades and certain stuff, you're in crypto right now, you're not even going to fucking sleep at night. You know what I mean?
I'm buying shit coins. Figure of speech, but you get where I'm coming from. It's better to be a trader in a trader's market and execute off of this volatility and get in and get out. I'm going to look at BNB too. Everything is just so fucking cheap. This needs to go a little lower and I would actually like the setup. If BNB can get down in that zone, I'll look for some longs on that.
I mean, Bitcoin really doesn't look bad here, I will tell you. I mean, going by just these technicals, you swept these lows. I'm going to change this. You swept these lows. Why is this backwards? What the fuck?
And once you're under those lows, you look for the next mitigation. This is how you properly use supply and demand because people try to use, you know, all these supply and demands like, you know, shorting from this over here, like, and it didn't work. Why didn't it work? Because you didn't wait for liquidity to get swept. So there's no gas in the tank. You know, you're getting faked out by the same concepts that you're trying to, you know, use that involve other people getting faked out. So it's like you have to know once you come under.
These old lows and there is all that liquidity that's been removed from the market. You're in demand. This is where you would look for longs. So that's what I was saying earlier when I tweeted. I was like, would you call me crazy if I look for longs? But that's more where I'm leaning towards Bitcoin. I'm just not liking these equal highs here. If I get a closure above it, though, that's fine. You know, kind of a 15 minute closure. I'll look for.
return down to the demand that's sent it through this change of character and probably play like a choachin flip setup on the lower time frames and just swing it. But I think we have a lot of good opportunities forming. XRP is another one I want to look at. I think it says weekly demand. It's funny, I like literally just X my chart so much at this point.
You know, I want to draw, and this is something I've been just kind of playing around with lately, is using Wix for supply in certain situations. Or at least using them to identify where orders could be within the market. Or get a better demand zone. This is really just an old rally-based rally setup. Let me go back to the weekly. First of all, okay, this is better. Monthly demand.
This is going to get swept. Honestly, this is setting up pretty nice. I'd like that to get swept. And if we can have that logo taken out, I would be looking. Let's see if we have any nice targets. Maybe make some equal highs up here. Yeah, I'd like this to get cleared down here first, but I'll revisit this later. Gal. And yeah, HUD, exactly.
It's like a gal, dude. So first of all, somebody tell me what this was. I just know that somebody came and played a bit and was like, oh, I'm in this other group that says short this coin and then this happened. They picked a great time to fucking ICO. Really great planning there. Do you ever wonder like...
like surely dude but like surely surely these motherfuckers like you know they did they not just sit down and say hey guys like maybe we should wait a drop you know what I mean like they just didn't they just really didn't give a fuck and like I get it like be like oh they're just building they don't care it's like I mean you should kind of care about certain shit like that like you know you have invested I'm sure there's a lot of people that got fucked by this I mean I'm
yeah it's like probably pressure from everybody too yeah that that or they were just shorting their own coin from the top yeah this shit's and this breaker right here i actually wasn't called a breaker yeah i mean there's really not much ta to do here like i hate it but like i mean what what can you do as that not much you know um maybe let's see if there's other price action on kucoin oh wow much better
Is there anything? Okay, it just gets worse. Well, I mean, if I'm looking at this, I would be looking at, like, another 50% drop to fill this gap. So, yeah, there's not much that you can, in my opinion, rationally do with that. That's like gambling. Not to say it won't work, but the gay IO, yeah, the gay IO in that one, I would look for $3.20.
Spy and NASDAQ. I got you. Been some TN this a while back. I don't know what all this is from. These levels were from something. It's hitting some kind of POI. My weekly demand. I filled this gap. This is what it was. Probably. More than filled this gap. Yeah. Okay. This is... Yeah. I mean, what...
I mean, honestly, it's bad. I mean, no bullshit, bro. Literally, like, here. Like, this is first target. Down here? Oh, these equal, yeah. I like that, too. Oh, yeah. Yep. Really, down there. You could, like, this would be the, this would be fully out there, personally. Boy, you know what I'm saying? Like, that's fucking rough. No, I don't think so. That's gonna be, like, cataclysmic.
yeah yeah yeah yeah almost 20 from the highs jesus yeah i mean yeah i would you'll probably at least catch relief under this first one like right here like i would personally like if i was in this every single day i would just wake up and look for a short and when i got one i would just hold it literally do i trim yeah
Yeah Yeah, no hundred percent. Also, this is a little late, but I can do whatever TA is TA Fuck it. They're all I bet everything's terrible right this one. Why is that? Oh, it's Bittrex? That's funny. I was like, wait, what? Goddamn
I haven't even looked at stocks. Also, to answer Raul on YouTube. Yeah, support or not support supply. Well, I guess you said support and resistance, but supply and demand for the same thing, but would be.
the open of the candle goes backwards to the wick yeah no the wicks work because really the wicks can show you like on a higher time frame like say if you're on a five minute and say you have an order block that caused you know a flip well the better entry is going to be found in that wick so i get what you're saying um this though this looks fucking awful i'm guessing this is monthly demand here yeah i mean i would almost
So I would look for for that it doesn't look like it yet. I'll tell you that it does not like
Yeah, you've already swept liquidity here and then the sign of weakness right here It's like here is the liquidity sweep right there Came up above after that you made your sign of weakness. What I mean it causes just redistribution He came down clear these lows made a lower high lower high low high Well, this is the last sweep right here swept that high, but it's still the same macro structure So this would lead me to I mean, you know, you're yes, you're under some old lows I guess here
and you're in demand so i mean i wouldn't count on it but if you were gonna look it would be here but you would need huh wait say what but um also what's up hostile this like right here oh d dxy like yeah i've been charting
Um, I haven't been a couple of days, but I was the other day, bro. I was, it's crazy how well this shit works. It looks crazy. Like the other day I had, I was like, bro, I put it on Twitter too. I was like, bro, when it was right here, I was like, dude, I would long the fuck out of the dollar right now. Like that shit, bro. This was like out of like literally textbook fucking fair value gap. And also a lot of people call it the AME or the AMD, which is, um, the law of threes. So like, this is a different trade model. You'd have.
your accumulation manipulation and then distribution and that's a very powerful trade model and it's it's one like kind of like wyckoff where it's a little non-linear and hard to use but really conceptually it's the same thing you always come down you um you'll form a fair value gap on the way down that's where you get that manipulation orders are trapped in that candle and you come down fill a gap and tap into demand it's like
you don't have to tap into them and you can just fill the gap but this one even had demand so it was like for no fucking brainer like longing to hear if and then you see look we're kind of looking like distribution here i could be wrong but i think on like the macros that looks it's just questionable like if anything i could see this going higher like um
yeah until we broke and did oil yeah that shit's gonna until we broke this and even if you broke this you're coming right under this inefficiency really for me that's a bearish on this you'd have to like make a new low down here which i do not think you're gonna do because you have
Yeah, you know what I'm saying? Like, I don't think that's going to happen. Like, a lot of people that, like, say certain shit, they'll, like, about, like, this is the fucking dollar index. It's not just the U.S. dollar. It's actually six other currencies, or six total, that are weighted into this index. But I'll heavily rely on, this is basically the United States, you know, how much people are...
are transferring out of assets like just put this in layman's terms this goes up um everything else goes down so yeah literally bro yeah that's actually a really good comparison cl oh my god everything dumped hey oh what the fuck was this yeah yeah trying to flood the market yeah yeah
Uh, honestly, bro, no, that's actually, that logic, that's power, because, bro, like, if that's the case, and we, and that it probably is the case, this shit is gonna fucking talk, you're gonna hit this again, like, or higher. Look at this shit, bro. Yeah. Honestly, yeah, I could see, like, somewhere up in this area, dude. Like, probably, like, yeah, like 150. The United States lit grabbing the fucking world. Holy shit.
Dude, is she really? Honestly, NASDAQ, though, you come down here to this 11.5 on futures, you're fucking... That's going to be a big buy zone, in my opinion. A very big buy zone. This looks way better than SPY. Jesus. Yeah, yeah. Oh, I did too. I got fucked on crypto. That sucks.
You're a sick bet. That's one thing, because I've been looking into trading, switching some of my shit over to, like, Fingerswim to trade, like, just a few, like, minis. That's the thing, though, bro. Yeah, right? Because it's like, I like the idea of doing there, but it's like, god damn, bro. Yeah. That's for, like, one contract, dude. Yeah, like, what? Yeah. How are the spreads? That's not bad at all.
yeah dude that's the thing that sucks about like like bro i love metatrader but like the way that i'm trading now it's impossible i'd goddamn get stuck like you i i'm using like literally like you know on bitcoin like 50 pip stop losses and shit you know what i mean so it's like
You can't even do that shit, bro. It kind of sucks. Like, it's cool for certain things, but the more precise I've been getting with, or trying to get with stuff, it's like, you can't even use that shit, bro. Jasmine, by the way, my bad for being late on this, Ben Frank, but this is another one of those. It's just like, there's not much. Let's see if I can find some better data. Yeah. Here we go. Here we go. This was ProFresh's coin.
I used to trade this shit all the time. I mean, this looks like... Yeah, that's what I'm saying. It really does, bro. Like...
Like, you come all the way down to, and you came deep into fucking OTE here. Like, yeah, I mean, this one, I'll actually keep an eye on. I don't even, never mind, they already happened. God damn, that was, see, this is a good example. So look, God, this shit is strong. But we came down into this demand because you made a new low here.
This is a weird one. I don't know if I'd consider it as a swing high, but regardless, actually, I like this better. We might have not missed this, guys. Yeah. Yep. I actually like this. What I'm going to do, personally, I'm not going to set limits. I'm just going to set an alarm because I've been trying to be pickier.
So if we can get the price to come down here and I can see, God, I'm probably going to be a fucking sleep. Whatever, though. I don't chase it. But what I'd be looking for, for those of you that are going to degen and watch, I'd be looking or stay up and watch for this. Wait for a price to return down here.
Start to form structure. I wouldn't want to clear these lows. I'm just kind of drawing. But you want to have this first high, second high, and this is where you're going to play whatever propelled you into the second high. That's where you're going to set your orders. And you could very easily first target these highs and then take 30% there, swing the rest. That would be a very nice setup. This looks better than a lot of shit.
Yeah, I'm actually going to watch. I don't want to put this. I made a majors watch list. I'm just going to add to it anyway just because I like that chart. Yeah, it's just too much. I want a better entry than that. Used to, I would take that, but fuck, why is it doing this?
I'd be playing that fair value guy. See, that right there is not really... I mean, it's not bad, 6-1, but you can get a much better entry than this. I'll keep an eye on it, but I'm liking this setup. It'll be a very simple trade model, too. Looks like you probably already got an entry on the lower time frames. I don't know. I wouldn't have really taken anything there, but this is probably equilibrium of this candle.
No. I don't really see the trade to have been had there. That's why these kind of situations are a good example. You could easily see price come down into this and just sweep this up, maybe come up and mitigate, and then come back down to fill this area before going up. You said you got 0.025 average started.
Yeah, I mean, if you say you grab that much at .013, I mean, you know, I don't want to get your hopes up and say you're going to the moon, but you're looking better than most. This is a fairly good setup. So, I'm actually going to be watching this one, if that makes me feel any better, but I'm not in it yet. I was going to do AVAX, I think. I feel like here, I almost want to look in this wick.
I'm going to the four hour and see what I can find in that wick. And that would be a better. Yeah, there you go. See what I mean? This is why I like refining. So I'm going to be looking. And you could do the same thing. Because really, you're just seeing a place where orders could be left in the market. So I would want price on AVAX. Golly, AVAX is fucking $40. Yeah, we're almost in that zone where I would be looking to be a buyer.
My strategy that I like doing in these situations is, you know, when everything is this beat down, look for coins of value. Like, look for the majors, because if anything is running, it's going to be these, and you're going to be able to find clean price action on them. Gala, ETH church, maybe. Oh, yeah. Actually, I like that. I do like this. Oops. Fair value gap.
I hate when this happens at 10 p.m. I'd like to wait. I want everything to wait until like 9 a.m. tomorrow to set up. I'm really not super eager, though, in all honesty, because, you know, you got a lot of...
really you could to be even safer with this you could wait okay we've made our church if we don't break this supply and say it sends us back down wait till you break that then clay whatever sent you on that price swing so that would be a lower risk trade model
But nonetheless what you can do with these situations is say price does come back down to this area Well, you go down to your two minute or your one minute and you wait for another change of character and then you can play longs just to here and take Pretty heavy profits and then still wait for that same setup. So there's a lot of different ways you can attack this but Okay, Gala. I tried and Gala the other day over here. I mean you're coming down here probably
I don't want to be a buyer in this just yet. That looks like you want to go lower too. Could be wrong, but I would kind of chill on this one as of now.
Right now, for me, I'm just watching Bitcoin and ETH. All I'm looking for is high R trades. I don't give a fuck about the percentage move or the pips move. I care about the risk to reward. That's all that matters to me. If I can find higher R trades on Bitcoin, I don't care if they're a 0.5% stop loss and a 3% move. That's a 6 to 1. That's easy money. I'm just waiting for these setups.
but the main focuses i have are dot and then also now jasmine honestly i like this um did i not just set alerts on this i was on a different chart i guess i'm just going to reset them on perps i was probably on tether i think i was in the kucoin chart actually because there wasn't enough data uh one yeah this is going to be the last one i do the last one um jesus not looking too strong here but
Honestly just use this whole zone of this institutional candle and just kind of see how that lines up first I mean you're in you know that that zone where you could catch some beds, but Just like everything else, man. I gotta wait for The low time frames to shift this isn't enough for me. I'm sorry. I was in the one hour
Yeah, I mean, similar to Bitcoin in the sense that this buy side liquidity looks like it's being engineered. We've got that fair value gap. So it's just like even once you get that church, you've got a lot of liquidity that's going to push you right back down. So this one, I would definitely wait for like a flip setting or a flip setup. I'll watch it.
On that note, I'm going to hop off here. I appreciate you guys. As always, if you've got any questions, just comment, DM me, tweet me, whatever. I will see you guys on Wednesday.
