I'm going to give everybody a couple seconds to get in here. So what I'm really watching right here is this is what we talked about yesterday on stream. So.
Usually yesterday or what's any kind of trades pro trend for our I won't even break it even the stops. I'm glad we did though because This is what we were talking about yesterday on Bitcoin. We had these equal highs up here. You see ETH I think it's still up somewhere in this region It's actually cleared this zone now and go into some of these old zones See how we have this zone like this on the ETH where this massive displacement in the market clean high inducement
right there and then also this uh supply zone so we got a nice reaction where we got those shorts yesterday and some pretty good gains but the reason i put stops to break even even though it was with the four hour trend is because of this right here bitcoin had yet to even come up in this region yesterday so um i'm kind of just watching bitcoin at this point
I'm not going to rush into anything. As of right now, the four-hour internal structure is bullish, but we haven't really came down as much as I'd like. I'd like us to come back down into this area, but at that point, the four-hour would be bearish. Also, we are in weekly demand, and we did get a nice reaction. For me personally, you guys have been watching for a while, know my strategy. I'm not really ... Why is it doing that? Hold on.
I'm not really one to rush or try to catch the absolute bottom. I'd rather wait for a confirmation because while there are a lot of things pointing that this could be the local bottom, I still want us to get above this high for me to be convinced of that and close a four-hour candle. And that's where I'll be more long biased. But here what I'm really waiting for is price to see how we react to this zone right here. We're about to tap into it.
So the DXY is still looking pretty bearish. This is the dollar index for those of you who don't know. We've got our strong high and our strong low right there.
The 4-hour is still bullish, but the 15-minute may not be done pulling back. And the 4-hour is not looking too hot, which it's kind of time for this to cool off. I could see us pushing down a little bit maybe into this region down here. And then if that happens, you will see assets pump. That will make everything that is denominated by the dollar, including stuff that's denominated by Tether, of course. It's going to make it go up. The other thing I want to look at is the Bitcoin.
CME chart. So massive gaps here. We can look at the daily chart. Not real convinced of anything from the daily chart as far as that we're looking for these gaps, but we have these massive gaps from over the weekends. A couple times that, excuse me, that a
These will get filled at some point, but you know when it's not It's not necessarily required that we have to fill it Just think for every candle for every down candle or every gap on the left There needs to be an up candle to the right or and vice versa. If you look over here We had a gap and it was filled quite quickly That doesn't always happen that quickly
But these gaps will get filled every time they get filled. I don't think there's any gaps on the CME except these two that haven't been filled. So, you know, that being said, we kind of got to keep an eye out that, you know, we could switch bullish. So we talked about that a little bit yesterday in the stream.
We're in that weekly demand. We got the internal change of character in the four-hour, but until we break structure in the four-hour, we're still bearish from a macro perspective, and this could just be a pullback. That's all this signifies. Now, if we break above this and get a closure, then I'll be more convinced our swing structure is now bull. On the retracement down to supply, I'm sorry, to demand, I will look for longs.
But until then, I'm still kind of short biased. I know it's against what a lot of people are saying, but that's just the strategy I have. I wait for confirmation. So here where we're at, I mean, theoretically, I guess I could draw, you could draw this a little more and we're in it already. So we haven't tapped into any of this zone. So I would, you know, let's see what it looks like on a one hour.
Let's see if I can make this visible on the hourly. So yeah, it's an institutional candle on the one hour. So I'll mark that. Now, it'll probably be a while before if we even get it set up here. Let me go ahead and delete this. Now, the...
The setup we're looking for is price to come back, and we want to, you know, say if this stays our internal low right there, which it is right now, you know, we'd need price to come all the way down there and then come up into whatever supply sent, you know, sent us down there and then start to see that downward motion there. I don't think there's any. Let me look on my calendar. I don't think there's any.
stuff with the USD today. I know there's some stuff going on with the pound, which I don't know how much of an effect that will have on existing home sales today, which I think that's today, right? Yeah, existing home sales just came out minutes ago. It was actually better than... So that's good for the US dollar, which...
Look at a couple. There's a couple events. Existing home sales were up. Existing home sales a month were up. And then we have a speed of 11. I don't know if it's medium impact. So that's really it for the dollar today. That's going to be any kind of high impact stuff. I want to see what the pounds inflation was.
Sorry, excuse me from all the coughing. I'm still having some kind of small complications from COVID. Just a cough and then fatigue. It's been like two weeks now, I think. Yeah, it's been two weeks since I took the test. So it's crazy that I'm still kind of feeling some of the side effects. But yeah, sorry about that.
What did Twitter do? Oh, that's crazy. Speaking of gaps, this got drawn a while ago because I can tell by the color. I've changed the color of my boxes since then. So I drew this box. That was, I guess, when Elon Musk was on his rampage. And this is a great example that those gaps always get filled. It's funny. We were just talking about this. I drew this in the daily. Price hovered around and it took a while. What is this? For it to get fully filled?
It took a whole 29 days. It's not that long, but for some people, that's a long time, especially when you're looking at charts and waiting for something to happen that can feel like ages. But those gaps will get filled at some point. Now, this could have been 29 days. It could have been a year, but I rest my case there. Decent reaction here to Bitcoin. I'll go ahead. I'm actually going to post some of this TA up for those who aren't in stream.
What I'm looking for here is just a break of internal structure to the downside, and I'll start to look to play the four-hour pullback ending if that occurs. Because another nice thing right here, we kind of have swing structure right here. So this is the kind of setup we really want to see if we want to go short. Now, we're not going to go short yet, but if we get the confirmation, that's what I'm going to look for.
Let me post this T up. TA up. T. Yeah, so if we can get that break of structure, because to me, really, you know, this is actually gearing up pretty nicely. Let's see if that's an internal high or internal low in the four hour. That's not what I wanted, but let me go ahead and just like that. It's really right here. Actually, let's see. Let's see what this is right here. It's not wanting to show it.
actually well no i was hoping it would be up here because to me when i'm looking at this i mean actually no no no i see now i was looking at it weird that's even actually now because really the way i look at it you know our swing structure went something like this came um here is our swing structure right here so he broke side pulled back went up pulled back
And then this to me would be a pullback. I mean, that's enough for me to be a swing pullback. So while it's not the internal structure in the four hour there yet, I'll be watching this for sure. Sure, let's look at some Forex. I just have alerts set. I haven't got any alerts, but this is another one I'm watching for. The Aussie dollar. The four hour is bullish here.
Depending on what you determine for a pullback in Forex, if you say that's a pullback, then I guess we switch bearish here. But for me, I'm still pretty bullish on it long term. The reason being, not long term, I should say, I want us to come up and mitigate this zone before pushing down and taking out the sell side. Because we see we're engineering a lot of sell sides. So oftentimes, what that will allude to is that...
you know smart money is Grooming retail to have their stop losses in this area and they're gonna want to push back up to where they You know went short originally because they sell on the up move. That's why we use up candles and the candles before Displacement or before the big down move because they sell on those up candles. So Your smart buddy was selling up through here through here and
And those are going to be our better areas to get short if we can get a zone up there so that, you know, I've built my narrative around that. And it may, we may not get back up there, but that's kind of what I am looking for to get short a target these weekly equal lows. So let's just, we'll just go through the whole thing. Euro USD, I'm kind of sad about. I wanted to...
I had a limit down here on this candle. Because we had this trendline liquidity, these equal lows. I just didn't need them, I guess. And what's weird about it is usually I would have expected it to come into this. But it seems like this flip zone was kind of like the bread and butter of what it needed. And I've seen that more and more recently on Eurodollar. That it's kind of like...
At least it loves flip zones where it's the one minute, the 15 minute for whatever it reacts with those flip zones nicely. So I'm kind of taking that one as a, you know, it's a lesson of how you're a dollar reacts with certain situations because, you know, Bitcoin, I would look for it to clear out all that liquidity. Bitcoin loves manipulating everything, but.
Let's see here if we would have looked. I think that was on Father's Day. So it wasn't really. It was the 17th. Whenever I came back into this zone. Or 19th. Yeah, it was on Father's Day. So I wasn't really trading as much. I did take one trade. I just wasn't watching Eurodollar because it wasn't where I wanted it to be. But if you look, you came back down here on the one minute. Let's see how this played out.
I mean, really, there wasn't much of a trade, in my opinion, because you would have taken, you know, once price came in here, you'd look for the one minute to clear your most recent high. That didn't happen for a long time. And I guess, you know, if you waited for it to come down in here.
You could have played that because you're still in this zone, came back into it. There's probably some kind of entry on even a lower seconds time frame in here. The price came into your zone, broke structure to the upside. And then now you could have just played this area right here. You would have got in, tagged it on that candle right there. And if you missed that, whenever you broke through that supply, because then you had a flip zone in this inside bar.
I wouldn't have got hit, it doesn't look like. Or maybe, no, yeah, you would have got missed on that second one. But using a confirmation entry, you would have got tagged in.
So now Looking at a euro dollar what I'm seeing here a lot of people are bullish on it Because you know that they see this is our swing structure I guess for the four hour, but I don't see it like that I see This was our swing structure, you know, we came down It broke above it hold back bam We got a bearish break of structure and you can see we reacted to the supply
And then move to the downside. And now we're bullish again, somewhat, because we're right here. And that's all great and all, but what I'm really looking at is the higher time frame, which is the daily. And I see this as distribution right here, all that right there. And on top of that...
We've got that weekly sell-side liquidity building up equal low. I mean, this is like clear as day to me. So really what I'm looking to do is to go short up in this zone.
But I always forget to set alerts when I'm doing TA. But yeah, so really euro dollar. I mean, I was looking for buys up to this region. And I'd still take more. That's where I think we're going. I think we're going to go up here in this area, no doubt. So, you know, now at this point, I could look at this as my swing range still. This high is going to be targeted right where we're at. And we'll probably see a push into this supply.
mark that as well probably see a push into that supply and then get that for our retracement because you know if we break above this high or possibly you know this is really where we're gonna start seeing to get short from I don't I would like higher just because I see this big institutional candle right here also on the daily we have this last order block before this really big down move so
that would lead me to you know want price to go up into those regions but if we just get here i'm definitely gonna look to go short because you know while the four hour is bullish um you know it'd be a counter trend trade you know i i'm still bearish in the higher time frame so that's euro dollar for me um let's see what i did on this one i think i was posted something about this yeah trendline liquidity still being engineered pretty tough here it's widened a little bit
So what I'm really looking for here is this to get cleared, all this trendline liquidity, and then push down into this POI. That's really where I would feel comfortable to take longs at. If we look at the four-hour, I'm going to hide some of these. If we look at that four-hour, this is really a zone of demand that also got front ran by this low. So we have the inducement low. We're also engineering sell-side liquidity via trendline.
The four hour is bullish. So, you know, if we draw like this, that would also give us our retracement into a premium because we haven't seen that yet, or into a discount. So, I would like that a lot. Seems like we might be, this is probably low timeframe. Yeah.
Wicked through that. That's weird. Yeah, I wouldn't have really, I probably wouldn't have taken shorts or anything up there, but pound dollar, I'd look for us to come back down to this, what is this level? 1, 2, 1, 5, 8, 4? Into that supply, so that demand zone. So until then, I'm kind of just chilling on it. This is setting up nicely. Super nicely.
So we've got these relatively equal highs right here on New Zealand dollar. The four-hour came back up into this zone. This is still pretty bearish to me. That's not a pullback in my eyes. This is our range we're playing within, and it looks like price pulled back. And now we're starting to get those signs that the four-hour pullback's begun. Because down here you can look, okay, what were our signs that it was beginning?
Now your internal break of structure the upside price came back down into that supply or that demand right there on those sell to buy wicks So once price came in there we pushed back up Price came down
And to this inside bar, that was your second newly introduced demand. And then now we can see that this demand is starting to seemingly fail. We haven't, we can't really call that just yet. Ideally, I'd like it to be respected and us to come up here and come up into the supply because, you know, we see price pushed up into this four hour supply. See if we draw like this, if it touched it. No, I didn't touch it on the four hour. If you draw like that. So I'm kind of curious about this.
You know, oh, well, it touched into it there. Yeah, that's fine. Because if we see here, you know, usually if I see something like this, you know, I want it to be mitigated. But I see that it quickly was, you know, price pushed down by that inside bar. And the new supply was introduced within this inside bar because we know an inside bar is a lower time frame range. And then we continued our move down. So that leads me to be fine with this area. We got equal highs. We came into it.
and we broke structure to the downside. You know, we kind of had this little flip zone here. So, you know, that area, if we get price to come up into it, and then the one minute starts to break down, you know, I will look too short from that area for sure. And I will be targeting these lows down here on the daily.
A lot of stuff with the dollar is looking like the same kind of setups. Either they're engineering weekly liquidity to the downside, or it's been recently taken. You can see this for me. Looks like we took out that sell-side liquidity there. And then I try to find what really pushed us down to it. Let's go to the daily and get a better look.
because we had some nice accumulation down here i wouldn't try to target these lows just yet daily is giving us pretty clear targets right there also have some trendline liquidity here i don't really pay that too much mind yet swing range is pretty crazy so when we look at this our weekly swing range and it's important to be mindful of this because you need to know if you're playing within a weekly pullback or not it's weekly high weekly low
So when we look back over this way, it looks like this weekly pullback has definitely begun. We got that internal break of structure, the upside after that accumulation we saw on the daily down there. And we've got a second one, switch bearish again right there, but quickly shifted back bullish. The thing is here, whenever you're looking at it from this perspective,
We have the weekly swing structures there. So, you know, theoretically, whenever we're looking at this pullback, you know, we know it can end at any time. You know, we'd ideally like it to go back into premium. But with the weekly ranges, a lot of times you will see that they don't do that. Just kind of how it happens sometimes. I see this. This is a big POI for me right there.
So the reason being is that inside bars, that flip zone, because price kind of came into some, found some demand down over here, wherever it was, pulled back and then blasted through it. We saw a lot of displacement in the market right there. Also, there was all these highs that just got cleared. And if we fail to make a higher high on this week, which failed on the weekly close, it looks like, or did it actually. There are more equal highs. So I cleared it.
So at this point, this could be a good zone for the weekly pullback to be over. I could see that happening for sure. So if we go into the daily now, let's see. Let's draw this. I want to actually be able to see this on the daily. So on the daily, this could just be like a little equity graph right there. So we have this supply zone.
So when I look at this from a perspective of institutional order flow, I see this as the obvious high time from liquidity that's been engineered. But when we look over here, price seems almost in its own way a little bullish up until where we're at because... Why is it why you do that? So price seems almost a little bullish because we came down to this order block and then we came up and took the buy side liquidity that was offered.
Looking at just the daily chart, it looks like we're due for some retracement, but there's a lot of displacement here. Smart Money was pushing money up into this area. Now, maybe it was just to mitigate that weekly order block. Maybe not, but we could look at that area down here as a value area. There could be a lot of buys there. Also, I want to throw on this.
Fixed visible range So that's the that's that's us. So there was little to no volume through all through up here So if you see price push down through this level this value area, it's gonna fall Very hard. I'm whenever you have those really big low volume areas and no value That's where big money wasn't really touching it. So, you know, you can
kind of expect that to be a problem area, so to speak, for that asset. Kind of bust right through it. Once it gets through that value area, it kind of just drops off the face of the earth. Now, when I'm looking at the swing structure for the daily, I'm going to come back over this way.
And remember, what are those internal breaks on the weekly? Oftentimes, they're going to be swing structure in the daily. Also, I'm just not seeing the comments. So for Darshan, yeah, there's a Discord server. It's playbit.info. And use my code. It's all caps, CASPER. Just C-A-S-P-A-R. Here, I'll type it in there.
I just dropped that in the comments for you guys, for the guy who's asking. And also, I have no problem showing up every day. I enjoy doing it. So, you know, it's cool to kind of link up with you guys and just, you know, I do this every day anyway, so might as well, you know. So I appreciate you guys showing up every day. And institutional candles can be found on any time frame, especially refined. Oh, yeah, you're making a statement. Sorry. Yeah, that's correct, though.
So here we're looking at the swing structure. You know, oftentimes the internal structure in the weekly is going to be our swing structure in the daily. And in this case, it is because I would have looked at like here we have this here. Bam. We took that high. So now we've got a bullish swing structure. OK, that wasn't a swing high. I'm just kind of drawing on it. But right here we took a low. So you shift the bearish there.
then we came back up shifted bullish and this was your range then you broke another high so really right now i delete some of these lines good chart hygiene i don't like too much on my chart um so when we've cleared that high right there you know we look for the lowest point between the high and the lowest point or the highest point
We would reply as our high that broke, you know, that broke the previous swing high. So now I've got our daily high and low. These are really important. So for any kind of, you know, swing trading, this is going to be your go-to chart as the daily chart. It's going to tell you a lot. You know, the weekly is good for our liquidity targets and our overall, you know, macro outlook.
I think the daily chart tells you about everything you need to know from a swing perspective. And if you look at this, we know there's a ton of liquidity built up under these, wait, I clicked H4 low.
We know that there's a ton of liquidity built up under these structural lows, along with the fact that we have that weekly, or that, not weekly, that equal lows are going on there. So, you know, those, now while this is a strong high, so that means there's even more liquidity, we know there's equal lows right there. So that's another liquidity target we're looking at.
We know we're up in this zone of supply. We're not at a premium of the weekly range yet, but we've pulled up pretty close to it. I mean, oftentimes you don't even see us going to a premium with weekly ranges. So, you know, we also know that we're expecting a pullback to begin at any point. We look over here now with this immediate price action. We have this supply zone in the daily. We kind of came down and broke structure. It was really our pivot zone, our extreme. We could go down and refine it maybe on a four hour.
You could say this last tar, this last candle here. I don't think it's really necessary to refine. I mean, we're not trying to catch the bounce anyways, which already happened, so to speak. So now when we look at the daily.
Some people, whenever people are using a little more ICT logic, they'll say if we come to this zone and this last up candle's low is broken, that's the sign of the pullback. Me personally, I want the internal low going to be there, but I don't necessarily have to wait for all of that to get short. I'm not just using the daily time frame. I'm just using that to kind of give me a perspective because I've already got my perspective. I want us to come down at least to here.
I don't necessarily have to just target these weekly lows, but this would be the big target for me because I see price really pushed up. It came down on that buy side still being offered. We can't tick that high. But now that liquidity has been cleaned, we might come back down because we look, smart money buys on the down move. So that's where we have these down candles and then we push up. So we might look, see smart money, see this as a vested low and want to protect it.
The only thing against that is... What is this? Oh, no, I see it. The only problem there...
is this high just got pipped, so we don't have a closure up there. So that's not very bullish. If anything, it's very bearish because we're looking at our swing range. If we come up here, now if we just pip that high, if you're using closures, that's your criteria for a swing closure, which it should be on a daily chart especially, this is now a weak low because it didn't do its job and make a high. So if that's the case,
you know yes we have this demand but you know we might target this weak low down here so from a structure perspective that's now a weak low if we start to break down here and that daily pullback begins and then now you see we've built up so much liquidity down here trendline liquidity there equals here our structural liquidity we have this weak low
So, you know, I'm going to go ahead and delete these zones. Like I said, I don't like having a bunch of stuff in my charts. But so now I'm going to look for the four hour. You know, for me, if I'm if I'm using the daily time frame as my, you know, I'm kind of painting my swing perspective where I think the big next price swing is going to go. You know, I am going to also another thing we didn't really throw in or I didn't throw in. Look at all these equal highs you've cleared out.
Tons of buy-side liquidity has been removed from the market. So, you know, a lot of that buying interest has been removed. We're in that weekly zone. We're starting to see those signs of weakness. You know, I'm going to be pretty short biased on this.
So when I look at the 4-hour, okay, we can start to see these signs of weakness here. There's your first internal break of structure. And this, for me, is going to be my internal break. Some people would say right here. But the way I look at it, you had a low. Okay, we made a new high. Pull back. You had a high right here because this inside bar. We know these inside bars are very, very important tools that we have because they show us lower time frame ranges without having to go down to the lower time frame.
So, we know that supply and demand is introduced in ranges, so we can use them for that, but we can also use them whenever we're plotting internal structure, because, you know, remember, a high's job is just to make a new low. So, if this candle, you know, its low is taken by the next candle, you know, this one its high and low was, now, that would make it a high, whichever happened first, you know, say if the low is taken, that would make it a high, and then we had to change a character.
And that's how you can view stuff that's happening in a lower time frame without having to scan down into it. But then we came back down. Right here, this was a high because we broke the low. This candle right here didn't break its high.
but the next candle broke this candle's high. So that makes this a low. Came up, pull back, right? So then a little range. So we had this little flip zone probably in here. Because if we look, there was supply right here. Price came up into it, reacted, paused, pushed through it. So this should have held, for one, if we're going to remain bullish. And for two, that's our most recent internal low. So now we've broken that. So if I'm looking to play counter trend, now I've seen price move down.
Now I've seen it kind of a backup into it when I'm using internal structure. I'll use the whole range as a supply zone I'll draw the whole range like that Ideally I'd wanted to go a little higher, but I see this as you know, this is probably just a 12-hour order box So, you know, I'm not Let's see how this is looking
You know, this would be pretty aggressive to take shorts here. I mean, I see it though. I mean, the 15 minutes, very bearish. And you got your break of structure, first break of structure right there. Came down, liquidity rated into this 15 minute POI. And you're seeing it because we came back into this zone. Remember, this is a four hour zone. But you also came right into this 15 minute POI right there, rated these highs. And now you made a very obvious move to the downside.
So, you know, once I see price come up into this zone and I start to see these signs of weaknesses, now this is some weird structure because you're just now really getting your first sign of weakness because, you know, you saw here was our low down here. It kind of pushed up, pushed up, pushed up. Actually, no, this was your first one because you see right here we pushed up. This candle failed to break the high, but it made a new low. So now we have new low.
sign of weakness and I wish I wasn't watching this came right back into it pretty pretty nicely and then pushed more to the downside so now we're gonna have this it seems like we're gonna have this reaction with this demand right here but I don't think it'll hold now if I look at this point so we look okay so price
Push down it broke that gave us our side of weakness pushed back down, but then we found demand in this wick Right, so then we broke this wick. So we had this newly introduced Demand or supply push back into it and you see we're following this bearish order flow You know, I might actually take shorts on this here. I just want to see what the risk rewards looking like I mean, you know, yes, it's not the most amazing crazy tightest stop-loss, but if I'm looking to swing this
I'm not really going to be the biggest stickler on sizing myself in. So I'll target that low down there. Let's look at it. So by the way, because that move for me, I want more. I mean, 10R to the daily low isn't bad. But I do see...
Potential other entries here for instance once we get the close here. Yeah, I do see us probably coming back up to this candle I'm not gonna use a crazy tight stop here and you could because we really have mitigated this all pretty healthily, you know, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go ahead and Get in to 50% of the position now and then also Set some limits for the rest. I'll just set alerts. I'm gonna set limits
Let me get my position size calculator out. You know, thank you to Skrt for saying to look at Forex, honestly. I'm trying to stand crypto for you guys, but it's just... It's not the way right now, in my opinion. I think that, you know, it can be...
There's a lot of great opportunities, and I still like trading it, but as the market caps as low as they are, so much money has left crypto that you get to see a lot more kind of weird price action. Well, you can still trade it very nicely, but you're not going to get the risk-reward and the satisfactory price action that you're going to get a lot of times out of Forex. And Forex isn't perfect. Holy shit, these platinum longs are paying. I just now looked at my MT4.
Fuck yes. Let me do this position size calculator. So how many pips is this in my broker? Let's see. That's another thing for you guys that are getting into Forex. I know we've kind of just started to really mess with Forex here in Playbit. But make sure whenever you're setting your limits. They really not have fucking USD CAD. There's no way. Hold on. That's to just be in my thing. Yeah, it is already. Never mind. I was like, what?
So what is this? Now it's a chart. I'm going to look at this. So just look on your brokers when you have it. Look at the same structure and look at that last 15 minute high you have and find the distance of pips from where you're at to where your stop loss is on your broker, not on TradingView. TradingView is fine. I use it. And if you market execute and you're just in day trades, that's totally fine. But you want to make sure you...
Let's say can I do ES1? Yeah, sure. I'd actually enjoy that a lot. I like doing indices. So the price rate was 129. My broker. I'm going to go ahead and post this up before I do mine. For the people. Sorry guys, be patient with me. I got to post it to the server and then my position size calculator.
It's actually pretty similar to FXC on my brokers right now. Wick high is a little bit higher though. It's crazy platinum on my broker is so ridiculous, like the spread sizes.
Like I had to open 100 lots because the contract size is one. It's like Bitcoin. So one lot of platinum is really just one unit. I'll show you that trade here in a second. I posted this up on Twitter and all the TA. I didn't post the trade itself. But one second. Stop loss, one, two, nine. So we'll go over a few platinum and then I'll do ES. But I like this CAD setup. Even if this gets stopped, I'll still pursue more shorts.
Fuck yes. This is not the full target either. This is just kind of a recent target. So what was the weekly? This is going to be a pretty crazy one for me. Really? That'd be insane. I'll be definitely trimming some off before then. I'll be taking most off of those daily highs.
It's a pretty nice trade. So what happened? Really, I posted all this stuff on Twitter, so I'm not going to go over all of the TA and all that. USDCHF, yeah, I got you. I actually missed some shorts in that recently that made me sad.
I'll go over this Platinum play and then I'll do ES and then we'll go over USD Frank. So here I framed my high time frame story. The weekly was bullish. Everything was bullish. I found this POI I really liked because we had these equal lows right in front of it. Price pushed into it.
And then we saw a very super clean price action. So we saw this one minute break of structure here, right? We broke down, we broke right here originally, but then I saw price pushed up and we had this flip zone. You know, I would have taken both trades. I would have taken a trade here if this got, you know, what I did instead was instead of doing, you know, I could have done that and then taken two trades. I just took a trade there and was ready to size in more here.
and just put my stop loss where that's just kind of my style my strategy i've learned to not get stopped out whenever using these low time frames um cali fuck yes man so what's the stuff it's 0.17 it's 0.17 percent it's 3.04 divided by 0.17 forward divided by 0.17 seven yeah it's like 17r right now i'm gonna take some off here
The spread on this was so ridiculous when I opened it though. Sorry, I'm just not seeing. Some people are tagging me in Forex chat. I don't even get these. I leave my computer on sometimes. I won't see the notifications a little. That's what somebody just asked. I want to stress that you got to make sure if you trade Forex, first of all, a lot of people, they see the gains and they just want to hop right on MT4. And for those of you who understand MT4, you're going to get this. It's just like, that makes me...
You need to understand what you're doing. You need to understand because here's the thing. A lot of people come from crypto trading and they really don't understand anything about spreads or really anything to do with trading Forex. And I don't want people to get burnt and just see gains and that's all they see. You need to really, really spend some time and familiarize yourself with MT4 and also with all the terms, your contract side, spreads.
You know, your swap price. You need to know what all that means. Because if not, you're literally just setting yourself up to fail. No matter if you're, because I can give you signals or whatever. But, you know, it's, you got to know how to operate the platform. So USD, or I'm sorry, ES. Let's do ES. Let's see if this followed the path that I'd drawn forward a while ago. It was on Daily I drew it. I know.
So, I want a ridge eventually to come back up into this zone. I don't know if we'll... I think what's going to happen... I don't know why these are locked from the daily. Hold on. Fuck, dude. I need to change my settings. That shit's so annoying. I don't know why it's going on the... There we go. So, this one as well. Here, I see... I mean, this... Down last November, it looks like we just removed a lot of sell side from the market in the last 12 hours.
And you seem like you're getting a very nice reaction to it. So this right here, when that kind of stuff happens, you can expect a bounce for sure. So we removed a lot of those equal lows back from January to Christmas time or New Year's.
Yeah, you removed a shitload of sell side there. So now in the four hour, I don't know why this is part of the day. I think it's a weekly zone. Yeah, it is. You've got this weekly order block up here. We can refine that quite a bit. You could refine it to here. If you were me, I'd probably refine it just all of this right here, the whole range. But you did remove the sell side on the daily. You haven't gotten much.
let's hide these four hour on the other hand now you've got that internal change of character now the only problem here now i could see this getting violated you know this swing high um but you know until we break above that for me we're still bearish this is bearish you know we're still in a bearish market you know i could see the bull case building for sure
We got a really big move coming into the week for equities and indices. Futures, that's always a pretty big deal. Whenever you have that huge Monday open, it's not necessarily to use a loan. But when we swept the sell side, you got a four-hour internal structure break. Never really retraced. What I would be waiting for here before I really did much at all, you could find intraday trades. The 50-minute is definitely bullish at this point.
You know, this was pretty clean price action. So no resistance to this zone up here. That's going to be a really strong zone right there. So, you know, really with this, you know, I would be kind of just waiting to see how price reacts whenever we get up to this four hour zone. I wouldn't be rushing anything here personally.
So that's really what I would just wait for. See how you react here. If you get a small reversal, you know, dope. If you don't, then you break above it. Then we still wait for a retracement. I said long Friday at close.
But that's really it for yes for me. I know it's kind of like bland, but really just to recap, we have daily sell side removed. So, you know, we could have a bullish narrative. We see that we pushed away violently from that level. So that was definitely an area of interest. Internal break of structure. Four hours still remains bearish. But if we get a break of structure above this, you know, if we can close above here, I'll be looking to take longs. I mean, I won't be because I don't trade it yet, but I would be looking to take longs up into, you know, this.
for a thousand area pry up into this distribution up here the next one is usd frank pipe that in so yeah this um was it sanon that asked me this i don't know i thought it's smoker not smoker so so really what for me i wanted to short from here because this is our original
We had that weekly liquidity rate of these equal highs up into this. This is probably a monthly order block right here, but ran up into those highs, didn't close above it. So we can go into our four hour to see, okay, where did the sign of weakness really start? It was right here. Then we broke down from right there, or I'm sorry, over here. Same structure though. That's what I'm going to get into. We came up up here. We broke down. Here was our supply that pushed us down, came up into it, sign of weakness there. Here's our flip zone.
This is going to be a very big point of interest for me. I've got – I actually don't have alerts that I thought I did. I want price to push back up in here and fill this in efficiency, and I will be shorting the shit out of this. But until then, I'm unfortunately kind of just sitting on the sidelines. So swing structure is bearish right now.
That is your bracket. Here was your swing structure before. That was just a liquidity raid. Push down. So, you know, I want us to retrace up a little bit, but we might not get it. We'll see. Might have missed that opportunity. That would suck, but it happens. So that's kind of, you know, where I'm at with that. But, you know, immediate bias is probably going to be bearish. Let's see.
I don't know, not actually. 15 minutes bullish right here. You're in this range right here. Got equal lows down there though. I can see this getting taken out pretty easily. I'm not really looking to day trade this one. There's a lot of macro factors that come into play with the USD Frank because...
The franc is a safe haven currency, and during times of economic unrest, you'll see it gain a lot of strength. That's why we're seeing what we're seeing, even though the dollar is really gaining strength right now. I mean, the franc is completely just destroying it. So, you know, you got to keep that in mind, all the macros. It's not something I'm really looking to day trade. It's something I want to look to get in some swings. Unfortunately, we messed up here. It kind of sucks.
part of the game but we did we did talk about it a lot on um stream but that's kind of where i'm at somebody said usd jpy short soon in my uh chat i'm in i see it i mean there's this monthly order book i mean i personally went up in here but you're starting to get there i think they're a long ways off though i don't think this is anything at all that you're gonna have to uh you know really uh
you know watch the screen over i think that you've got time so as soon as i start to see you know the daily switch bearish up in this area i'll start to look to go short anyways guys uh i gotta run so um also young savage we talked about uh yes which is spy basically it's just the futures of it but um yeah so i appreciate you guys as always and uh until tomorrow i'll see you guys later peace
