So...
Yeah, what I was going into is crypto is kind of at a possible pivot point. So with Bitcoin and Ethereum, we've came down into this weekly demand. It's going to be a fractal demand zone for both Bitcoin and Ethereum. Ethereum actually wicked under it just a little bit. It didn't close really any major time frame under that zone.
I think the 15 minute is the highest timeframe we closed there. I think it closed a four hour. Yeah, no, I mean, it kind of, I guess, barely, but it's not enough for me to really worry about it. So, you know, once we expect, you know, all of these high timeframe break of structures, you know, everything from...
the four hour, all the way up to the daily and the weekly, you know, all our high timeframes were expecting a pullback at some point. You know, when can we expect that pullback to begin? You know, like we talked about in the class, for those of you who are in PlayBit, you know, we expect a pullback to begin after an internal change of character. Now, you know, we don't just use the change of character, we pair with other things like higher timeframe demand, this big weekly demand zone. So if you see down here,
Right there price got an internal break of structure because this candle broke this candles low which makes it a high and if the price action is
making lower lows and lower highs, we're obviously bearish. For instance, we pulled back a little bit here. This is how you could have found the last pullback. It was short-lived. That was your pullback, and then when you broke back down, it was the end of the pullback. Or you could just be more aggressive with it and say, as soon as we have an internal break of structure, which would have been right there.
But if you look down here, if you look really closely, we actually had two internal breaks of structure. So we have this inside bar right here, which produced a new low after it. Price pushed up above it, broke it. Then price came back down to wherever the demand was in this candle. We formed this new internal high since this candle broke its low, and we broke above that. So this is most likely going to be the pullback.
I would have rather price came back right into this zone in order for us to look for longs. Because now if price goes back down into that zone, price pushes down here, we're taking out all these lows. So now we're bearish again. And until you make that higher high.
The whole idea behind longing from these zones, you know, is getting less probable. Now, sure, we can wait for the 15 minute to come into this zone and then wait for it to switch bullish. But at that point, a lot of times you're waiting for some confirmation when in reality, the whole ideology behind taking those longs there.
was that the four hour switch bullish you know price healthily comes back in and retraces satisfies these orders you know then the four hour is still bullish you wait for the 50 minute to go bullish and that's we have all the time frames you know kind of working in harmony but now we've moved we've moved away from that so um you know trying to long off of this zone or these zones is a little less probable um you know now
uh it's not necessarily to say it won't work but at the end of the day we got to remember you know we're bearish in the four hour if you look you know this was our swing for me it's right there so we've definitely came up an optimal trade entry came up into a heavy premium um you know if we push back down to these zones then this will be the pullback will be you know kind of telling you the price action will tell us the pullbacks over so
You know, unfortunately, that kind of killed the logs for me. And with Ethereum, I think Bitcoin, there was a flip zone. You could have caught Ethereum. I really don't see it. You know, now if we come down to this zone, clear out these lows and start to see, you know, bullish structure form, you know, I'd be cool to long. But really for me, I mean, I want if I'm going to trade counter trend, you know, counter swing structure because we are clearly bearish. You know, here's our strong high over here.
And then here's our strong low or weak low. I'm sorry. You know, we're just looking to get short here and target this weak low, you know, just based off of structure. And we all know the structure is kind of, you know, our foundation of all of our trades. So really right now what I'm watching for is price to return back into this zone.
and look for a short opportunity. Now, I would be trimming at these zones of demand just because we are in that weekly demand. This is where that new demand was created in the four-hour, but overall target would be this low down here because that's our week low. I'd probably just target the demand zone, demand zone, week low. I'd probably even just target those lows instead of the demand zone as the first TP.
um good risk to reward too you know we can't because and i'll show you the logic behind this now we have a really nice po we came into a refined because we're in the four hour
You know, we have this massive, you know, bearish order block right here. We have some inefficiency to fill above, but we have this big supply zone, you know, the four hours bearish. So once we come into the four hour supply, we then go to 15 minute and we watch for a, you know, internal change of character. Now, early shorts. Yeah, Frontier, Stephen, I don't know if he's in here, but Frontier is awesome. I just don't have access to him. Excuse me.
Did I swear COVID? Like it's been like two weeks and I still have a cough. I don't feel that bad. But yeah, so here, you know, price came back up into that four hour zone, but it left this inefficiency right here. You know, it did sweep this high, but.
Price came back up, but we see it did not make it into that zone. So this could be considered an inducement high, you know, to induce the early shorts. And while the TA was correct, you know, if you came up, okay, you got that minor break of structure. You know, if you use the range supply, just this whole little zone.
You got it tagged in right there. I mean, really, I don't see any reason to target anything lower than here. So you just got, I mean, you probably got your trim. Maybe if you have a fixed amount, you take off at 4R. You didn't even get 4R. So you got faked out pretty hard there and took a loss, which is fine. But this is the power of refining those.
lower time frame zone or those higher time frame zones to a lower time frame. I think we talked about this POI on stream. I know we did one with Bitcoin, but we had that fair value gap, the high, which we'd already swept, but now we have a new high in front of it. So we know there was a lot of selling that came into the market here.
So once price reaches that zone, we see what happens. Now we got that internal break of structure. Price is actually moving a little bit tighter. I like this price action better. It's quicker, faster. Now we have a high right here. So once price comes into this zone and switches bearish in the one minute, I'm going to look to short it. I'm going to look at Bitcoin. My iPad's charged too because I can't enter VPN. Glad I just checked that. Guys, let me get my iPad charging me two seconds.
Sorry about that. I just had to get my iPad and make sure it's logged in because Binance sometimes will log you out and then you go to enter a trade and it can cause an issue.
Yeah, I like the idea of shorts here down. Now, if we can see price return to those levels of demand and start to shift structure again, then I'll start to look to long. But I need that four-hour demand creation, and I need the four-hour internal structure to be bearish. If I'm going to long against the four-hour trend, I need at least the end to tell me that we're pulling back, not that we're ending a pullback.
And that's a thing I see a lot of people getting stuck with is they'll find these POIs, but then they, you know, set them and then they wait for price to move so far away from them that by the time that price comes back into them, it just, they're not bullish anymore. It just doesn't, you know what I mean? You're kind of forgetting the logic that you use to when you're using internal structure and you're kind of just forcing a narrative that you want to see instead of, you know, using.
what the market's giving you. But, you know, just be patient. Remember what you're doing. Remember why you're doing what you're doing. Don't just ape into stuff and pick a POI and get married to it because that was the POI that you selected, that you liked. It just doesn't make sense to do that. Are we finished? Or what? Yeah, I'm waiting on.
How was your father's day, sir? It was good, man. It was good. Just went to the pool and hung out. It was a pretty lax day. Actually, whenever we came home, she took a nap, and I started trading Forex. I'm going to go over that play here in a second to kind of give you guys a look at the ICT setups. Forex is so much better than crypto, dude. Like, so much. I know. I downloaded M25 last night. I think I'm about to make the switch.
Yeah, it's so much better, bro. It's like, think of crypto. Well, Bitcoin and Ethereum are cool, but I'm about to just start trading Bitcoin and Ethereum only. Just because you can find good setups on them.
With all the other alts, it's just so much more screen time. You'll end up hitting that trade, but at the end of the day, you'll end up watching it for a while, getting stopped at a breakeven, this and that. You could have took the same Bitcoin play and not even worried about it. Yeah, exactly. And then another thing too, your trade's already relying on Bitcoin as it is.
You know what I mean? Like if you're trading against Bitcoin's trend, you know, like your TA can, it really doesn't always matter. I won't say it doesn't matter, but you cut your probability down insane by, you know, trading against the Bitcoin trend. But so here with Bitcoin, like this is the opportunity that we got with Bitcoin. If you look on the four hour price broke above that high.
and price came back down you know on this but it did come back down into this zone you know if you're using the fractal zone now if you go to 15 minute and you were fine you know i actually pushed this down here but if you look there's a flip zone right here you know price came back up into this zone it pulled back and then it pushed through it you know that it came into the supply zone you got a 15 minute poi that price um
you know reacted to and then push through us that's your flip zone you know that would be valid to long from enough you see price came into it
it's a pretty clean play price came into that zone you know once you have um price gets that internal break of structure you know you can just mark that order block right there price came right onto it i mean it was super super clean price action now um didn't really even give the best risk reward for one minute execution it was only six r but i mean can't be mad at it here with bitcoin let's see um
See, Bitcoin hasn't came up to the POI I wanted yet. I see some other clean ones on the 15-minute. It hasn't really came up into any that I paid too much attention to. Let's look at the 4-hour and see what it's looking like. It broke through this institutional candle right here. I like this zone, but I didn't seem to really respect it. I didn't get any 15-minute confirmation there. So, I mean, really...
The problem with this one for me, I had drawn this zone up a while ago. Like, see, if you look on Ethereum,
We had cleared out that liquidity, you know, this same zone on Ethereum at the same time and everything. It had actually tapped up into there like we just went over. And you saw price sweep those highs, fill the fair value gap and, you know, push into that supply. So that, you know, Ethereum is a little cleaner, in my opinion, than Bitcoin. But it could be an issue for Ethereum. We'll see.
Because Bitcoin, at the end of the day, it is in a four-hour supply zone. And it is exhibiting various signs. It's just not hitting the zone I'd want. And maybe you might just tap up into this and see that reverse we need. Because it's starting to... You've seen that reversal right here. And you are in the four-hour zone. So at the end of the day, you don't have to hit these refined zones. But it looks like it wants to. This already got cleared right here. Got more trendline liquidity.
I've noticed a lot lately, crypto is really liking to engineer trendline liquidity a lot more than usual. You're starting to just see these little trends over and over again. They get swapped and then price moves to the upside. But we'll go over this GJ play while we're kind of just waiting on crypto.
I think it was this one. Yeah. So this is a super counter trend trade. You know, four hours bullish. You know, we longed GJ. We got to stop the break even, but we longed it and ate off of it. You know, four hours bullish as can be, as with most pairs denominated by the yen. You know, if you're wondering why it's bullish, you know, price, here is our swing structure. We came down. We're bearish. Came down. So, you know, right there, you got to break a structure to the upside.
What's the lowest point between these two highs? It's right here. So this is our swing structure. Price moved up, came back down into a zone of demand and discount. So kind of all the boxes are starting to check off. That's why we took those longs. Started to see bullish price structure. There was actually a... I think the...
What was it? The Swiss bank started buying Japanese bonds. This is another crazy instance that tells us the world's kind of fucked up right now. If you look, Japanese bonds, which are considered one of the safe haven assets for national governments to invest in, usually these are bonds. You shouldn't see this on bonds, but it's because the Swiss bank is now buying these bonds. And the Japanese central bank also buys these bonds and they keep the returns very stable.
You know, whenever the Swiss bank started to buy the bonds, it created a lot of volatility in the end. So that's why you saw that insane price action where we went down so far.
Regardless, see, this is what happened. We were in the trade. We already took some profits and then stopped to break even. But it's frustrating when that happens because those macroeconomic conditions pushed price down. But it was still bullish. We see that it still remained bullish.
the news that we pushed back up in here. So the 15 minutes bullish, the four hours bullish, everything is bullish. So it's like, why did I short this? Well, an ICT setup that a lot of people go over is like these liquidity rates. And they're usually, they happen at certain times. So there's not really an Asia kill zone, but I like to think of the highest volume area for Asia around like 7 p.m.
7 to 9 p.m. Eastern. So we had the time. That was correct. Now price pushed above this high. Now we did close above it. Now I do it a little differently than they teach. A lot of people say all you need is the high. I personally like a high into an institutional candle, the candle right before displacement.
Just a supply zone, which this was both of those, you know, because we got our breaks of structure here. You see price shift from a bullish, or this was kind of confirming the flip from a bullish 15-minute internal structure to Barrett. That's going to be a flip zone because price came into demand down over here. And then this blasted through it. It broke demand. You know, it's kind of that second confirmation. So I like the zone.
We had the liquidity rate set up because we're pushing above this old high. That's all you need is just an old clear high or equal highs. We had filled the fair value gap.
There. So, you know, while this is against a 15 minute trend, it's bullish. That's against the four minute or four, four minute, I guess the four hour trend, which was bullish. So it's kind of like, you know, counterintuitive, but you can hit trades like this. You just got to take profits really quick. So I also saw this trendline liquidity right here. It was being engineered that kind of gave me more confluence that we would go to the downside.
And then we had this low time frame demand zone that we had these inducement lows right in front of it.
So, you know, you scale a low timeframes, we have this demand zone that really, the pivot demand that really started to push us up, but it never got tapped. You know, price formed a ton of liquidity under all of these lows. And then we had the trendline liquidity. So all of those confluences together, you know, gave me reasons. Okay, I'm going to look for shorts. So when I, you know, executing this kind of stuff, you need to use the one minute, maybe the three minute, but I don't even think three minute gave an entry.
Now, a lot of people would be scared to take them, and it is against the trend, but I encourage you to try to paper trade these first. So here, what we see, what we look for once price comes into this zone, is we look for that internal break of structure. But we need a fair value gap. To confirm this is a liquidity rate, we need a displacement in the market, which we got here, this massive gap all the way down to here.
So I just set it on the top of the gap because it is counter trend. I didn't care to miss the trade. I just wanted price to give me the best possible entry at the lowest risk reward. Stop loss just above this high. It's one tick above it. And you can see price pushed into it. And then at that point, if you're correct with these, they're pretty explosive plays. So there's a nice 11R on a Sunday night. You can't complain. I took some profits.
I think it was right here. Yeah, it was in this area right here. Right near this wick. And then I took 30% there and I took everything in full here. I'm not going to leave runners on a trade like this because you can see, look what happened. It reversed, you know, but it actually went a little farther. I thought it was going to reverse in this demand zone, but it seemed to want this liquidity down here thing over in this area right here.
But that's a good example of how I would take a very counter trend in today trade. But you've got to have a lot of confluences there. And now I took this trade totally okay with taking an L on it too. I wouldn't have been upset. You have to take these trades being aware that you're kind of taking an unprobable trade.
Oh, I shouldn't say unprobable. Like, you know, you wouldn't want to take anything that you just think is going to lose. But I also didn't have the highest level of conviction on this. But I did have all the checks on this trade model. So I took the trade. You know, I know that this works a good amount of the time, even though it's a little less likely. So, you know, I took the trade and went with it and it worked out. This right here, I think is going to be a really good setup.
So we have Aussie dollar. Got these equal lows right there. Mark this. Price hasn't really given me what we need just yet. I want us to come back down into this zone.
The four hour is looking good, but I think a lot of these trades against the dollar are just setting up to push us back into these lower time frame distribution zones to come down and clear out all this sell-side liquidity on the weekly. But the dollar is going to need some time to kind of chill out. Why is that right there? The dollar needs some time to chill out before we make those kind of moves. So here...
Now price is in this zone. Now what we're going to need is price to break structure to the downside. We're going to need that internal breakup structure. And we can kind of trail this low up along with price structure as it forms. We can also, if you'd like, you can try to refine it to some of these smaller zones. Sometimes you can get processed by analysis by doing that.
But I like to do it just to kind of plot the area to see, you know, how we react. I'm not going to say I need price to get into that area. But, you know, it would be nice to see price move up into this. Well, also right here, we have this area right here before displacement. So there's both zones would be cool. Well, I should see if they hit up into it. But really, for me, anywhere in this zone.
We're going to break a structure to the downside. Yeah, I'm kind of cool with it. Let's look at Bitcoin. Bitcoin looks like it wants that higher zone up here, which would give us that run on liquidity. The problem here with Bitcoin, for me, let's check Ethereum as well, or add it.
So, yeah, the only thing here that I don't like is now price has switched back bullish in the 15 minute. So, you know, it's kind of counterintuitive to use a confirmation entry on these zones once price is pushed away from it. But the thing is, when we're with the trend, we're with the four hour trend. You have a little bit more conviction on that. It seems like we're getting a nice reaction out of here as well.
what's this zone good old bitcoin's doing yep i hit right into that zone nice volume spike nothing insane also we're right around this time where these liquidity rates happen right towards the london close so that gives a little more um confluence there so we got that fair value gap join displacement in the market looks like it wants to fill it i want it to leave it there for us
So now price is reacting to this one-minute demand. You're kind of seeing that battle between the buyers and sellers, so to speak, because we have this institutional candle. I wouldn't pay too much attention for longs or anything, but you do need to watch to see prices reacting to it. Now we'll see price. I'd rather it leave this fair value gap, to be honest. It looks like it's going to need this fuel to go down.
But we'll get a nice flip zone if so. Now at this point, what I'm waiting for, I just need one break of structure. I'm going to play a little more aggressive. Once price breaks down from here, I'll want it to just come up anywhere really in this zone. But if we have that fair value gap, it'd be nice to use the order block within it.
Because in these situations, I'll play the range if we do break down from here. Because this is a one-minute. This is probably a five-minute order block. Yeah, exactly. You see what I mean? So if you play the range extreme all the time, that's fine.
need to fix this shading so it's not so dark but if you play the rain or the the extreme you know this up here that that's totally fine but um you know it can lead to um missing a lot more trades and the risk reward here is still going to be good you know if we take that so let's just see roughly percents are crazy nowadays because everything is so fucked
It's actually not the craziest from there. Well, theoretically, we're going to target the four-hour low. But for me, I'm not really going to be super, super greedy with it. Just because we are on that weekly demand, I'd probably take most of it right there. Six to one is fine for me. So no trade just yet, though. It looks like we're going to get our confirmation here in a second.
Give it to me. I got that break right there. I want to see how she reacts, if she comes up and fills this gap or not.
Now you would take your entry off of that fair value gap, wouldn't you? Not necessarily. I'll take it even without it getting filled. I'm just going to watch. I'm going to wait for it to start to reverse. Because really, we're in this zone. Theoretically, you broke below here, and now you're back in this one-minute supply zone. Or I'm sorry, the whole zone, if that's what you're using.
But I want to see if we can pull up and get a better entry because every little bit here is it means a lot for our risk to reward, you know, because we've already looked just just by waiting here. If we get another breakdown, I'll probably go ahead and enter. So if we break down again here, I'll go ahead and enter. Yep. I'm going to give it a second. I'm going to go ahead and get in shorts right here. I am in with you. Discord to always forget.
Did you see the little dispute yesterday in chat? About what? About how Hood just posts his games and never posts a play. I didn't see that. Did not see that. Yeah, Glacier. Glacier. That's why Bitcoin made the lesson channel. Oh, shit. Yeah, I was unaware.
I mean, because, like, Glacier said, it's confusing. You're posting games, and half the people, even Glacier said that the new people are confused because you're posting games, but where was the play at? Right. Yeah, I can see how that could confuse some people for sure. That's why, yeah, I understand for sure how that could be a problem. Uh-oh, chosen Trey's typing in Mpix. I haven't seen him forever.
He's an MP. Oh, yeah. Chosen's with the shit. He knows what's up. Oh, I know. That's where I got my Binance account from. Same. So here with ETH, I'm, you know, we're in. What's the divine saying? Why wouldn't I wait for M3? I don't use M3. But, um...
Here with, let's look at Bitcoin and see how she's doing. Okay. Definitely got a reaction you'd want to see there. This would also be similar to the LickRaid setup that we were just talking about on GJ. It's not really the ideal time. It's kind of around that time, but you see that, and then you see this move away. Not that much displacement, though, for a LickRaid setup. I don't really, I mean, I guess you have a three-minute variable.
Because whenever you're taught those, they go through all the time frames. But that's the other thing with crypto is it doesn't really have the cleanest price action. But with Bitcoin here, like we were saying before, I really wish Bitcoin would have came up way higher here, up into this region up here. But, you know, we still are in a decent zone. I'm going to look at indexes too, or indices when I said indexes.
Got some pretty clear liquidity building on both sides. Indexes are a little sus. I don't know. You could see all this get ran right now. This would actually be nice. One liquidity right there. Like this. I'll post this up for the stock boys. I would, you know, you'd need more confirmation for it. But yeah, with where Bitcoin's at.
I took the shorts because it met my criteria, but I am kind of watching and seeing how I'm not going to short Bitcoin here because, yeah, we got everything you really needed. But I do like the each setup better, in my opinion, because we cleared that higher supply zone. Like with Bitcoin, this is still left over here. So that's a little sus to me. You know, I would have rather had price come up, you know, and done this number.
That's how I would have rather played Bitcoin. If I say shorting now, that means I'm shorting it now. I wasn't active the other day. I saw a show that people were completely out of... They couldn't figure out what was going on. Maybe I can just say marketing next time. I don't know. What did you get filled at?
Horror History at 1134.95. Okay, I got 1130.
Yeah, but Bitcoin, I mean, it got, you know, it hit the criteria, but if I'm going to look at Bitcoin and ETH and they're both kind of hitting it, this would be a good example of why, you know, I would pick one or the other. Because, I mean, this looks good on Bitcoin. I mean, it's, you ran these highs, you know, saw price violently move away from that area. So, you know, especially like using like ICT logic, like that was your liquid raid right there. But I do see crypto a lot of the time.
not respect that kind of stuff and i guess you got a fair value gap here we're actually gonna plot that out and just see if it gets respected i wouldn't personally watch it but um it's the s and x divine sand so yeah i forgot to go over the team okay so last one s and x
So, yeah, nice little flip zone right here. Is Devine in here? Yeah, he is bad. Okay, cool. He was just like, oh, what the fuck? So, I see this zone. I like it. It's your flip zone right there because Price came down and reacted to this and pushed it. I mean, you know, you could look at both these zones, really. Like, both of these would be valid, in my opinion.
To be honest, ideally, the higher one, the only reason I say that is because you have liquidity in play there, too. You'd have a rate on this high. It's not necessary. If I was convicted in this trade, I'd play both, and if I got stopped out on both, then whatever. You know what I mean? It met my criteria. Now, I haven't looked at the higher time frame, so I can't really speak on that, but I'm just assuming we're in a four-hour POI probably.
yeah you could and you got see like see how right here did we run this high see that that's what i would i like that like that makes me have more faith in a poi if there's a high right in front of it you know what i mean because then you swept those stops and then you also pushed up into that supply so then you know we look
Price came up in here. Then you got that internal break of structure, really, because I guess maybe in the low timeframes, it got it first. There's probably some fractal supply in there. Price came into it. After this newfound demand was created, it pushes back up in there. Then you got that internal break of structure there or maybe right here. So if you look right here and you drew range supply, well, then you kind of tapped into it already. You see what I mean? So you kind of tapped into it.
Then, you know, price came back down, reacted to this demand, pulled back a little bit and then pushed through it. So I like the POI. I do like it. Now, what we need on the one minute here. I guess really you already got your confirmation over here. There's your break of structure. It looks like it's respecting this area. You know, you could have said, OK, well, here's a break of structure. You could have said.
This whole zone right here is your supply.
You see price filled it all the way, came really close to getting stopped out there. I really don't like trading coins like this with the one minute or just almost at all anymore because they just trade weird, but it is respecting it here. So, you know, now if you are double using a double confirmation entry and you'd want this to get broken and then come up to the supply center there. But a lot of times with crypto waiting for the double, like what happens is like price will come down and it'll like break through it.
And then it's now it's got to switch bullish to get back up to your POI. And then people set limits here thinking they're using a confirmation entry, but then price switches bullish. And now demand's in control and it hits their zone, maybe reacts a little bit and then blasts through. And they're like, oh, fuck this shit. It doesn't work. But it's just because, you know, once that market structure, you know, these internal structure shifts, you're trying to play them extremely fast. Like this is a good example. But at the same time here, even.
actually no you didn't see this is look at this so like it you know we came down this isn't high because the candle after it didn't break it's low so you really never switched um but you did right here
You know, right there you did switch. So it's like, that's where you kind of get that choppy price action that I'm not really a fan of. Because theoretically right now you're bullish on the one minute. But, you know, if you're taking confirmation entry, you know, there's nothing really confirmed about that because, you know, price is bullish on the lower timeframe. So I don't know. I don't like this, that right there on the one minute. But I mean, the 15 minute looks good. You know, I just...
It's definitely got some room to go down. So I see the shorts, but that's what I, you know, whenever people are saying this price action is a little sloppy on alts, that's a great example of that. So I personally don't really like it. It looks to me like if I'm looking at the one minute, this looks like it's going to go clear these highs. You know, if you're using the one minute confirmation, you know, if you use, okay, here was your break of structure. Okay. Well, you set a limit right here and stop loss right there. You're probably going to get stopped out.
You know, which I mean, it's not the end of the world, like if you take a loss on it, but it's just kind of like, you know, if you're watching this, this is what I was saying earlier, like it takes a lot more screen time. So like now for me, we're in this one minute POI. Now I need surprise to switch bearish on the one minute again.
But it's just frustrating because theoretically you had everything you needed. You know, you come into a 15-minute zone. Your four-hour zone has been respected. You're in a 15-minute flip zone. Price comes up, breaks structure to the downside, and then just comes right back up. But, you know, it's part of the game. It just takes more screen time and more patience and more watch. Not even really more patience, but just more sitting in front of the screen.
very close to the point of just removing everything except Bitcoin and Ethereum from my watch list, especially now where we're at with, you know, how everything is insane, beaten down and the market's kind of really far down because, you know, a lot of these shit coins, they don't, they don't take much money to push it. So it's like, you know, you're using concepts that are based off of identifying, you know, footprint of institutions, you know, and market caps that are
you know, not much at all. So if we're like using smart money concepts on something like, I don't know, like CVC or, or some like shit coin, they work, but you're going to have a lot more noise, a lot more false signals. And you can always go back in hindsight and be like, Oh, they work. I'm plotting it out right here. It works. It works. And you'll find where it worked in hindsight, but there was probably multiple stops at break even or stops for small loss along the way to that, which that's where it's like,
is it even worth it? You know what I mean? Is it worth your time? But it's just my two cents on other cryptos than Bitcoin. Yeah, I really, I mean, I don't want this to come up here because I would probably result in ETH getting stopped, but I would love to short Bitcoin from up in this zone.
Even though these shorts are pro-trend, I'm not going to be super aggressive. Ideally, if this demand wasn't here, I'd be still targeting this weak low. I might regret not targeting it on ETH. Who knows? I'm just not going to take it all the way down there. I'll leave a runner, though. I will leave a small runner.
Like what I was saying on SNX, even for ETH here, it was a little sus because the 15-minute switch is bullish again. But it looks more like a lick, in my opinion. Yeah, because it didn't close over? Yeah. But even though I don't use the closures for internal structure, but I kind of keep it in the back of my mind.
Now if you get another, now look at that. There you go. Now you've got, okay, so this is what I, now you waited for it to come up here. Now you've got another, you know, break of structure here. But it gets so choppy where it's like, okay, you know, you kind of are also engineering this liquidity right here. And also if you refine this zone, no, I'd hit into it. Nevermind. I wouldn't really worry about the inside bar. I'd use institutional candle if anything there.
Now it looks more like it's starting to break down, like it's showing those signs of weakness in order to open a short. Because if this were 4x right here, you could say, okay.
I'm waiting for this. I'm just going to come here. I'm setting my order like this right here, right at the high, maybe one pip above two. That would be the way, but with this, you risk kind of getting stopped out and then having to enter again. It's just really, I always tell people trading with the lower timeframes, you have to be very at peace with your system because what people aren't showing you whenever people post,
a ton of gains and and this and that they're not showing you all the times that they got stopped out a break even or a loss it happens all the time you know if you're using the lower time frames but you have to once you have confidence in your system you're okay with that happening because you know what you're doing works it just didn't work that time is that you know what i'm saying like that's one thing i stress to people whenever they start getting on the lower time frames
But at the end of the day, I mean, once you get it down, I'll tell you, hands down, you make more money. No question. No question, if you're doing it correctly. Somebody said GMT. Also, I forgot. I kind of went on a rant there, and a couple people asked me. There's a couple coins. Storage. Let me do storage, and I'll be fair. Let me do storage for Oscar first. Astroge. Let's see. This shit still is in its four-hour range from, like, fucking...
No, it's not. This shit is mad sus. Oops, wrong. Another example. I mean, you look like a massive liquidity rate so far here because this was your four-hour range right there after you broke down from this low.
So, you know, you've got that break of structure. 4-Hour is definitely in a premium. It almost looks like Bitcoin whenever we were at that, like $32,650. You've rated all this liquidity right there. So a ton of liquidity has been rated. You can go to lower timeframes, try to find supply. I mean, we could just say there's fractal supply in this WIC. I'm going to go to 15 minutes and see if I can pinpoint something.
You could say there's fractal supply now and this way can continuously refine it. You already tapped into it a little bit. Not really the most appealing price action. It really already tapped into all this, so I don't know. And you broke through this, so I wouldn't really pay that too much mind. For me to want to play this, I would wait for a four-hour internal change of character.
or 15-minute structure to be, you know, switch bearish, which this isn't that to me yet. So, you know, and I would wait for that, you know, or if we make another small little high really quick, you know, price comes down and...
It does this number, makes a new high. So now you have a new low and then you switch bearish. That newly introduced supply, once price returned into it, wait for that 15 minute to do the same, switch bearish. And then maybe take an entry off that demand. Or once price goes into it, you wait for the one minute to switch bearish. And so you can just layer that same strategy. And you don't have to use the one minute. I know that a lot of us use it.
make a lot of money off that's all great for sure but you gotta be um you know you don't have to you don't have to use the one minute on some coins i almost recommend not trying to because but uh yeah so i mean i wouldn't be rushing this you know you'll be able to get the targets are very far away um your target's really all the way down here and i would target it on a shit coin like this um
But, you know, so no need to rush and try to get in here. You know, a really aggressive trader could say like, okay, well, you know, maybe this is your trigger. You know, you say, okay, we got a four hour lick rate, which means you came above that, you know, high and didn't close. So, you know, being super aggressive, you could say, okay.
Well, you know, let's see where we got this break of structure. Really, you got it once already, but then you got faked out. I mean, I wouldn't have talked about it either. And let's use a stop up here. Now we've got a second break of structure there. Price didn't really come back into, did it? Let's see. Actually, yeah, it did. I guess it came into this range here.
um you could have marked it all but i would just mark the last at that first up candle so i guess price came in the range of filled this fair value gap right there um almost now you've got another break of structure but um this is another example of like what i was just talking about so like yeah you could mark this zone right um and while that is correct um what's up scorpion
While that is correct, you know what I'm saying? Whenever price comes up here, because now we've got our internal structures come down here. Okay, we've got a low. We've got a high. We made this low. So now the 15-minute has to switch bullish to get back to your zone.
And I was using double confirmation entry there for a while because price action was kind of tighter. Whenever I think there was more money involved in crypto, there was a little bit more institutional trading. So now, you know, while this is a good POI, we've got a fair value gap. Mind it, it's tiny, but it's there. While that works.
you're going to have to switch bullish in the 15 minute once you get up there. So it's kind of like, I don't know. That's why I think the first one is almost better. And if you don't have confidence in the setup enough, you know, don't take it. But an aggressive trader could have said, okay, well, here's my trigger. It's not for me, but maybe this is for you. Maybe you take this. I wouldn't. But, you know, you got in short here.
You could market it as soon as this broke down. Because remember, if you're a 15-minute trader, that was your stop loss. But it's like, dude, that looks like a big stop loss, 6%, right? It's such a big stop loss. But I don't care about percent. Anybody who cares about percent is just flexing. That has nothing to do with the amount of money you make. But theoretically, it's not a bad trade. 9R, I mean, it's not the greatest to target a whole 4-hour range.
you know now and if you're not happy with that then you can wait till price comes up here switches bullish or bearish again then you know or maybe you did this number up here you waited for it to come up in here into this zone and you said okay price is here let's see um price came right here broke down you might have just marketed there
Maybe just market it somewhere here, whatever which is fine. You don't have to always wait for it You will get better risk reward if you do but a lot of times you'll
Also, miss trades, whatever's cool with you. If you see, okay, well, this definitely worked. Now, if you waited for this last POI, your risk was through the roof. Now you've got 10R from barely making a move. If you were to try to target the same areas, you're going to have a trade. You're going to quit trading for a while if you take. You have something crazy. That's where you can, but it looks all pretty and stuff.
You know, you got to remember you're going to get stopped out more. You got to have that fortitude and resolve in your strategy in order to trade like that. It's kind of just chilling.
the 15 minutes want to switch bear and yet it hasn't yet that was the same thing of this 15 on eth um well the four hours bearish so that gives me a little more confidence the 15 minute had to shift bullish to get back up to this poi now if we break below this it'll have shifted bearish again
And then you'll kind of start to have those timeframes in harmony. But for me, the 15-minute switch bullish. Once the four-hour is bearish, we're in a four-hour POI. We did raid liquidity. So that's where I'm a little more confident in it. Bitcoin, I want to wait. I think Bitcoin could come up. We'll see. But this is ideally where I'd want to short Bitcoin from.
But I'm interested still in the long idea if price can push back down in here and we start to see that new demand creation. Are we going to watch any other coins right now? Yeah, on that note, I'm going to hop off here. What do I mean? What do you mean? Okay, so like for instance right here, see like we got an internal break of structure.
This candle made a low. So there's demand creation in this zone. Demand was created there. Okay. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. I just wasn't sure if you were talking about some notes or not. Yeah, just the new demand zone. Because anytime we get a break of structure, there is demand. Whether it's a one-minute break of structure or four-hour. Now, obviously, the higher the time frame we need to happen first. But, yeah.
What the fuck is this monkey? Oh my gosh. Monkey got killed with... Yeah, bro, it happened over the weekend. Damn. They're savage. Wow. Bro had a bulletproof vest on there.
Well, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I appreciate you all tuning in. As always, I'm going to keep an eye on everything. Really just Bitcoin and ETH and see how we react to these zones and then kind of build our bias around that. But until tomorrow, I'll see you guys later. I appreciate you as always. Peace out.
