Casper, what's up? Not shit, man. I'm getting moving today. I literally traded from bed this morning, pre-market. That's kind of goals, though. I say what? That's kind of goals, though. I guess. I'm kind of like...
Sorry. I don't know. It feels weird calling you decrypto. I call you Papa Schmuck. But I had to meet that just because of the TV is in the background. Sorry about that. Yeah, this morning, I mean, it was a pretty clean setup pre-market. I haven't... I've been paper trading pre-market, but today I implemented it just because I was pretty confident on it. And I'll review that. And I'll go over the possible long. I really just didn't take it just because I took this trade. And I'm fine with that for the day.
i'm trying to just get some slow steady gain just continue building the account up and just build discipline and kind of watch but not always have to participate so um the bias for this trade that i did take we're going to rewind it so when i woke up it was right around 8 15 8 and we are in this fair value gap so we're looking at the 15 minute range you know we i look at what created the range so we had this liquidity rate here
And this was really the range we were operating within, right? Now this low right here, I think it might have been, yeah, it was this low. So we can drag this over here.
So that was the low that we had been, or the range that we'd looked at. So whenever I'm looking at this, you know, I see that a liquidity rate kind of created this impulse move because we rate it up into this order block, then it consolidated and then expanded the downside and showed that market structural shift. So right here was the key moment when this kind of confirmed it was a bearish range, because if you look over here,
and again like we've been talking about in ranges we just look for all internal liquidity to be swept up and then we look for the external liquidity and we look for a continuation until proven otherwise or whenever we have a high time frame bias that might oppose that so if we look here kind of just looking back price came up into the order block that's all of the internal liquidity back in the premium so now we go for this low that's exactly what price did and that formed a new range right i'm doing a couple so uh
We've got to have the hygiene, the chart hygiene. So we had a range there and then here. So whenever we're looking at this range, and I'll still, I guess, keep this one on here. We had a clean high right here.
And then a very obvious draw on liquidity. Whenever the price shows, it's moving back to the upside. So we got a nice sweep. So price came down and took that external liquidity and ran off of it impulsively right into that draw on liquidity. And this is using the 15 minute. I'm trying to give an example of how you can use the draw on liquidity ideology in order to frame trades based off of any timeframe. I use a lot of the 15 minute and the one hour because I'm a day trader.
Obviously, I do it on the daily and I frame this ideology around that and operate in that context, but I think it's key to translate that understanding into the lower timeframes if you are a day trader, which I'm pretty positive most of you guys either are or you want to be one. Whenever we're talking about ranges and we say, okay, well, once price comes up into that draw, we look for the lower timeframes to show a sign of reversal.
So we'll go ahead and hop in the one minute. I really don't use much other than a one minute for entries. I use a three sometimes to look for a fair value gap if there's not one on the one minute, but rarely does that help much. So I stick to the one minute for the most part. So kind of fast forward this just a little bit.
So at this point, I'm looking at this as a market maker sell model. So really all a market maker sell model is, is a consolidation expansion, our smart money reversal, which is what we use to enter indices. But then there are two different kinds of entries you can take. So right here, we have that first little accumulation of orders in that consolidation phase. Then we have our expansion. And here's where we get that smart money reversal.
Same, it's a market structure shift showing that we are now on the sell side part of the curve, right? As price comes up into the higher timeframe draw, we use the lower timeframes to confirm that there were indeed orders resting up here that are going to be filled and price will then expand and start seeking the opposite liquidity, which here was these lows. And the reason I didn't target the lows is I'm actually testing a fixed 2R model right now. I'm probably going to do it for the next week or two.
maybe even for the rest of this month and just see how it goes on the funded account. Because my goal right now is to, I've been doing pretty good on this account. So I want to open a new challenge here soon. And if I have, if I can stack up accounts, then all I really need is 2R. I'm trying to, and I'm trying to really build a, the most mechanical model possible. And yes, it will miss out on a lot of huge moves, but I really don't care about that as much as just consistency. And
Also, time efficiency, because I have a lot of other projects I'm working on, and I would like to be able to work on making more content for you guys and also putting out a lot of educational stuff. So I want to build something that is a little bit more autonomous. I don't know if I'd say autonomous, but efficient. But anyways, back to this model. You could have targeted these lows, right? Because that's obviously where a lot of stop losses are resting. And then that's just based off the one minute. Off the 15 minute, we know we could have targeted this low.
So while there was a lot of money potential up on the table, I'm totally fine with that. It's okay, whatever. But just going over that. So if you wanted to target based off of the model instead of a fixed risk reward. So we have this accumulation under our POI and under a lot of liquidity. So orders kind of accumulating under all of these highs. Well, really not this one, but...
under this high and that high. So there's a lot of liquidity, you know, building up right here. Algorithms that are not the algorithms we look for, but algorithms that people use to trade will automatically try to sell these highs as a type of resistance. So we know there's going to be a lot of stop losses building up ready to be that liquidity for the orders remaining within that 15 minute fair value gap. Because that's the whole process we're anticipating is
Price expanded so rapidly down that it could not fill all of these orders here. So there weren't enough buyers for smart money to sell to because price was just seeking that sell side liquidity and expanded rapidly towards it. But once price comes up here, this clean high is engineered, which is going to be a stop loss for shorts or breakout buyers are going to buy above that. So there's going to be a lot of buying here. So now that there's all that buying likely to happen right in front of an area where we're also anticipating
institutional order flow to reside, then we can start to look for the lower timeframes to frame that. So here the first entry could have been right here.
So right at the beginning of that fair value gap, you could either put stop loss there or the high. Now, when I'm trading the SMR model, I always use the main high. That's just me, just because I've had times where I didn't and it ended up biting me, you know, and that's just for trying to get a little bit of a tighter stop loss. But the first model would have been right there. That's how we trade indices whenever we're looking for that first liquidity rate in the morning. But the market maker sell has two potential entries. So this is what you would call the low risk entry.
And then we have that redistribution after the initial reversal, which is basically just like another, you know, it's not the reversal. It's more of the continuation. Some people call that a supply and demand flip. Very similar, but I'm using fair value gaps, not.
not order blocks or supply and demand zones. But after price gets that second break, all we do is we look for the first fair value gap in a premium of that impulse move, right? So forgive me, these are a little off because I was drawing them on my phone and you can't anchor there. Now, there's that first fair value gap at a premium right there. So at this point, all you do is wait for price to return up into that gap on that second break.
Now it went a little higher after this right now that's gap, but you can see this is basically you're getting in that redistribution of the
the market maker sell model. Now, the reason that I took this entry over the other one was because you look at these as a more high probability entry. Sure, you might have got the better entry here and a tighter stop potentially, you know, if you got in right here and put a stop loss there. So it's the low risk entry, but it's not as probable as something that has continued to the downside. Now, something important that you want to note is let's just say this leg in price already went all the way down to here. That could
you know, that would alter the one minute market maker sell model because it would have already played out. Because with this model, you're looking at the original accumulation. I'm going to drag this out a little bit. And that's where your liquidity lies, right? Because that's the manipulation where there's going to be a lot of stop losses under all these equal lows. And this model can occur on one minute or a daily or a weekly, whatever. But that is the first component. And that's going to also be your target. So then you have your smart money reversal up here.
oftentimes this is going to occur after a first stop hunt into your POI. So just like we've talked about before, we always like to see a second tap, if you will, or even third, fourth tap, whenever we have the...
the first high taken that tapped into that POI. So that's going to be our stop hunt. So, you know, you have that little expansion right there. It's almost like, you know, they call it an expansion here, but it's almost like a little consolidation before the smart money reversal. I just like calling it the pre-stop hunt little area. I don't mean to confuse anybody because there's terms, you know, I didn't come up with this model. It's ICT model, but I think it can get really confusing and it's actually like super, super fucking simple.
But there's your second little consolidation right under your POI. Now, this could be an old high, a breaker, an order block. Just think of any of those POIs as the same thing. They're just an area where you're going to frame a trade around. That's all any of that is.
Whenever we have the smart money reversal, then we have that second leg down. That would have been the entry. It's pretty simple. Yes, I could have targeted lower and it would have hit. We all know what happened after that. But genuinely, I'm not sitting here loathing over that. I really don't mind. I'm happy with 2R.
The reason I wanted to test this out is because I was looking back at my trades and almost all of the trades that I did take that got stopped out, almost every single one of them at one point was above 2R. So when I look at it like, yeah, I have a lot of trades that have a high risk to reward and the numbers look really nice. And then you have some stop losses that get hit. I haven't done the math completely to determine.
because that's kind of a hard data set to analyze, you know, like a bunch of what ifs. But that's why I kind of want to put it to the test and just see how it goes for a couple of weeks, because I think that it will be a very nice ease on the site, I guess you would say. Very easy, very simple, and also a lot of time saved. Now, the morning entry.
That we usually that would look for very clean nice little three drive took out these relatively equal lows Remember that that bearish range, right? That was the target was those lows. So let's go back to a 15 minute Now whenever we move to under that low we created a new range
Now, you could look at it as a bearish range. And, you know, the only thing with ES is when you look at the 15 minute, we hit one area of liquidity. So now where are we going to go? So if we look in here, there really isn't any, there aren't any imbalances. There's no real target other than the high, right up here.
And obviously that's been taken already. So now we've seen a reversal. And now how would we have looked at this in the likelihood that this was going to reverse? Because a lot of times whenever we have a bearish range created by the stop rate in the morning, you'll want to just take profits around equilibrium. And that's fine if you did that today. But a couple ways we could have seen this or one could have seen this. If we look at the daily chart. So classic SMT divergence. We talked about this in the server a little bit yesterday.
made a lower low on the NASDAQ and did not on ES. You see that? So what that can suggest is that this lower low on the NASDAQ was just a stop rate. So if we're seeing a stop rate on sell side liquidity, that means that market makers intend to do what? Push price up. Now, where are they probably going to push it to? This fair value gap. Now, you could probably refine this a little bit when we have these really high areas.
Let's go to an one-hour chart. We can basically just go and refine this into a smaller fair value gap that's in a premium. And this would be the next draw on liquidity on the daily chart. So you could maybe try to frame longs up to that point. Now, today's closure will tell us a little more. If we close really bullish today, we look pretty good so far. I think there's another area that I had my eyes on for potential reversal. It was right here.
Or at least some kind of...
a little momentum lost. But you can see it time and time again, we're having these sell side raids followed by a break in market structure just to move to the downside more. But that tells, you know, that orders are starting to be accumulated, right? So now we're inching up on getting, I mean, we took the high, but I want to see how we react above it just because it whipped right down, came to this imbalance. And now I would say we're probably reaching for these equal highs for that overall draw.
So I would look for more upside here. Now, another way, and that was using NQ, but when we look at ES, you could have utilized that logic as a confluence because SMT divergence on a daily chart is oftentimes very valuable. Tell you it's very easy to maybe you would have looked for the high here or looked for a full-on reversal. Now, the entry was pretty clean, clear cut.
Market structure shift. Try the impulse move that caused it. First fair value gap in a discount. Very clean.
The only reason I didn't really take it was just because I was happy with where it was, like where I was for the morning. I was up 2R before the market started. I was kind of tired this morning. I went pretty hard for my birthday this last weekend, so I'm still getting back in the swing of things. So I just didn't see the need to take out a trade. Beautiful setup nonetheless, though. I probably won't look for anything in the PM either. I'll just be working on some stuff. But another way, kind of got off topic there, another way you could have...
maybe anticipated a reversal was looked at dxy now first up i want to know we didn't really have any kind of clean um power of three on the daily here so when we look we we did it first until we took this low in my opinion so we'll go to a five minute so you had this accumulation right there
potential manipulation leading into that London session. And we went over one of these setups last week, but then you see a lack of expansion here. We just caught that order block and then moved to the downside. No market structure shift, not even on a five minute. So there wasn't really a clean power of three here as far as using the New York midnight candle. Now, when we look at DXY, on the other hand, I would already hit the target.
I tweeted about this a little bit. Damn, that's crazy. It's going. Now, we look at DXY. Very, very clean setup. We had this accumulation right before midnight. Manipulation. And then you get that nice, clean breakdown right there. Turn up and do a premium of that impulse move. Looks like this rejection block was the move.
It really doesn't matter which POI he reacted off of, just that it did react. And again, look, what does this look like to you guys? What do we just go over with the market maker sell models? Look at that. Look at that. Consolidation, expansion, smart money reversal. Then on the second break, if we look at those entries, you could have gotten a very nice trade. You could have gotten on either. Now, I know we're talking about DXY, but price is price. So I would like to show you guys exactly how that would have worked.
Could have got in right there at that first fair value gap at a premium of that move. Overall, target would have been those equal lows. We can see that hit, and that would have been the, quote, low risk sale because it's the first smart money reversal. Or you could look at it as this break right here, and the entry would have just been at the beginning of this, really right at the beginning of premium.
You can see that wasn't the greatest risk to reward on this model. Now, the way we could have used this to help with indices, I just want to explain that or show that because it kind of caught my eye. But we had this nice little accumulation here, manipulation right past New York midnight. And then that market maker sell model confirmation is also confirming that daily power of three for the DXY to have a bearish day.
Now, the reason these FIBS are here is those are OT FIBS. I'll go to a 15 minute to make it a little clearer. Now, why do I have these OT FIBS here? I went and drew them off of this. Again, it's kind of rough because I was doing it on the phone. But whenever we have that expansion throughout the London session coming into the New York session starting right here.
We know that the characteristics oftentimes, if we have a clean power of three, is that London expansion is going to get retraced around an OTE, which is 705, 79%, or a 62%. So we just look for price delivery raise in an optimal trade entry. And if we get a reversal there, then we can say, okay, well, we're most likely to see another expansion.
because that New York session early morning has a retracement into the lending close and oftentimes a continuation. So we draw the fibs. I drew them from this body to that body right there. And we see this whole little area marked by these blue lines as optimal trade entry. You have that order block right there. Very clean move. So what this is showing and how this can help you whenever you are modeling your plan for the day with indices is that if the dollar is bearish,
that indices will be bullish. So when we look here, we also had a pretty nice fair value gap that we've drawn into. I tweeted about this, but what's this question? I'm not sure if I've done an educational video on ranges and how to identify them specifically on Bitcoin. I don't think I've done a specific video on ranges yet, but as far as on Bitcoin or...
It's all the same on anything. But I like this fair value gap right here on DXY because whenever I see that, I didn't necessarily see this first, right? I saw the...
power of 300 daily lining up to be bearish in the day. So when I say, when I'm looking at this with, why were we bearish? You know, DXY is pretty, been pretty strong lately. So I don't see us, you know, I mean, yeah, I guess you could look at this as an order block, but I just look, what is, what is pulling us down? So for me, the first stop, I'm going to be more aggressive is going to be this fair value gap. And the reason I'm more aggressive is because it's DXY. I don't think there needs much more of an explanation there. So.
that could have also helped when playing out your TA on indices. And again, like with ES here, I'd say the pretty clear draw. I mean, you could see some kind of trouble here with this volume imbalance.
But I would pay attention more to the imbalance up above because I'm looking at the lower timeframes here. I don't really see anything there. I mean, I'm not saying there's no value and not saying not to keep an eye on it. But if I had to pick, I'm going to go where there's going to be liquidity have been taken and that sort of thing. So overall, probably see a little more upside here on indices.
That SMT divergence is pretty clean. After we get up into this area, though, I would watch for potential reversals. But, I mean, you know, it's a tough one because if we don't reverse there, you know, and that SMT divergence on NOS holds, we could maybe start to see a push-up. But I think everybody thought that last week whenever, I don't know if it was last week, but whenever this happened. NQ didn't touch for a while.
Everybody and myself, I thought that that SMT divergence, you see here by that point, right around here, yeah, it's taking a little. I was looking at like, okay, we might retrace, but really until I see very clear signs of that, I'm not gonna be looking for anything but continuations. So we'll see how it goes. I think the overall draw right now is gonna be in this fair value gap. And we can also refine that one, just like we did the NQ, and it's probably gonna be very similar.
Look at this one right here. That's right at a beginning of a premium and kind of watch for price to drop towards that. And see how we're using that same strategy on daily charts, the impulse moves as we use just to enter a one minute chart. It's all the same. So going back to like you asked about specifically on Bitcoin, everything is the same. It's all the same. Now I will say some stuff moves cleaner than others. And the only reason for that is that there are more large players involved.
With crypto, it's been kind of a sad little market here for a little bit. There's really not been the greatest opportunities, in my opinion. It's not moving very much. We have like two, maybe two, three days in the last, I don't know, three weeks where they've been good days. So your five-day average range is going to be very puny here. So until we start to see more moves, which I think are going to be sponsored by getting up into these higher value areas or down below these lows, that's where you're going to start to see
you know, setups that are worthwhile on crypto. So for those that are just watching crypto, I'm sorry for you guys, because I know it's been a boring time. But don't sit there and just burn all your money out trying to trade this, because this isn't, like, look at this right here. Let's just do this. So we'll say, we'll just do from September 13th, or September 13th on indices. Okay, why did that do that? Oh, this isn't really gonna be a good reputation, or representation.
Yeah, that wasn't as clean as I thought. You can just see it though. I mean, look at this right here compared to this. You had one good day. Indices have been moving very clearly towards an objective and providing nice price opportunities. So again, I always encourage people that are stuck on crypto, just try to fan out. Don't burn yourself out.
I think EU is drawing up towards this imbalance right here, right off that wick and this volume imbalance right here. And I know that it's already been filled, but I've noticed a lot of times those areas still, the gaps, they hold value, especially when they're on a weekend like that. So I would say this is drawing up into this area. Also, there's a massive daily order block right here. So there's a lot of liquidity that could be swept up in that little range right there.
Yeah, again, I'm sorry guys that I know everybody wants to trade crypto, but it's just Just really it's just there's not nothing there right now. It's really not especially a little theory like look at this This is almost a month of just it's moved It's been enough and then for crypto. That's like nothing. I know you guys all 14% but That's not really normal for crypto, especially when they're at these low prices
So once these markets start showing desire to move somewhere, I'll be more active in them. I just haven't, I'm just not, I don't see it worth as worth risking my money on right now. Gold. Yeah, I got you ZP. I'll just clean off the whole chart. So we all know we've taken these massive equal lows, the monthly.
I mean, using the monthly price delivery arrays, it would be considered oversold under this order block right here, but I think it kind of had to take these lows. So I wouldn't really pay attention to that too, too much. The weekly, on the other hand, whenever I look at this, all these lows getting cleared, right? I want to look at what impulse move pushed us into that, which for me,
I mean, that's right here. So on the weekly, you know, this is kind of a tough one because this could be considered an order block in a sense. But let's see.
I mean, you still have this imbalance up in here. All right. I'm going to go to a daily chart and kind of refine this down. But on the weekly chart, remember, once we take external liquidity, we're going to look for a return to a premium and clean out internal liquidity. So there's a chance it still moves up here. I could definitely see that up to that 1765 to 1770 region. I only popped down into a daily.
Because, you know, there's not been any kind of market structural shift here. And what I mean by that is once we came back up into this premium right here, there's a weekly order block and you could look at these daily order blocks. It's in balance. We didn't really get a shift. And what I mean by that is there was no low that was taken. And this isn't a low because the candle next to it's lower than it.
We really haven't gotten any kind of structural shift. Now, if price were to do something like this and then shift, that would show me that we are targeting the lows. And you can use those market structural shifts to kind of where is the market going? That's why whenever we come under a low in the morning and like, let's say here's a low, we wait for the shift because that tells us it's targeting something up here in a premium.
That's all that's doing is that displacement shift that tells us that now that sell program served it purpose and took out this liquidity. So we're going to look for an entry to kind of play the retrace or whatever price model or context we're in.
We haven't seen a shift to the downside yet, so I don't see the need to look for sales down to this low personally. If anything, I see a nice little reaction off this massive candle right here, which I would look at. This is the order block because it has the highest distance from the open to the close and it took liquidity. I'm not sure. That wasn't the candle that took all the lows, obviously, but it was kind of that last little stop rate, if you will, on these daily ranges.
So whenever we're looking at it in that context, I could potentially see this as some liquidity building up here above those highs. And we had that weekly imbalance deep in a premium. Now I want to see, that's still an optimal trade entry. So that's interesting. And then also when we're looking at the daily chart, we now have kind of a bullish impulse move.
All right. And what did we come back down to? We came back down. Now, this is an old order block. You know, it's not in this little impulse move, but it is still a price delivery rate in a premium of this range. So if we don't reverse here, which it looks like we want to, because if I go to the one hour, just like I was kind of, you know, hesitant to confirm a market structural shift to the downside using the daily for that weekly range, I dropped down to the daily and said, okay, we haven't taken a low.
well i'm going to go to the one hour from the daily and say okay look at that that's showing me that there's something in that order block in this area right price came back down right into a discount looks like it's preserving some equal loads for later so a lot of people are going to look at that like why didn't the lows get taken right well just look at the daily chart you know don't get stuck on one time frame we have that order block right there the one hour has shown a pretty clear desire to want to move higher
So, based off of that, we want to potentially frame longs. If we can form a fair value gap here, let's say you don't make a new low on this hour, you could look for potential longs in this region to draw back up towards what? Remember, if we are looking at it in the context of the weekly range, and we have internal liquidity at optimal trade entry or a deep premium, we should see price return to that.
Remember, price did already return to a premium here. But the likelihood that I see a sale program is lower because the daily hasn't really confirmed that by breaking down. Now, whenever we look at the daily, on the other hand, we just have this bullish impulse move right within that bearish weekly range that is now coming down to a discount and is showing signs that it wants to move higher. So you would look for this fair value gap.
Right. And you can be a little more conservative and, you know, build, build logs up into that. That's all you need. You don't have to build logs all the way up here. This is just a narrative. Right. So then, um,
And also, thank you guys. I'm seeing these comments. I'm going to reply to these. I appreciate the kind words. And then after we start to move back up into this fair value gap, you can reassess there. Because I'm not telling you this is for sure going to go up to that weekly imbalance, but this is just the narrative that I see. So I can see a lot of this as liquidity, right? Fair value gap. And then also that honeypot zone up there.
So the daily is still showing signs that wants to go up the one hour is agreeing with that Now where are we drawing to that daily imbalance? So you could wait for a price to come back down into here Preferably during session wait for a liquidity raid
and you know however you trade and that's something i keep trying to push is the narrative is the most important part like the entry is easy as shit right entry models like it's funny like i could i could post an entry model you know this and people are gonna like that's all people want people just want to know how they get in they don't give a fuck about why they should get in which is that's why most people don't make money because you have to think of it like what is actually going on like what's the bigger picture
Am I looking for longs? Am I looking for sales? And that's what's going to really separate you from being a boom and bust trader into a consistent trader that can sit back and wait for their story to play out. And you're going to be wrong. I'm wrong all the time. But if I'm wrong in my narrative, a lot of times I didn't have to lose a shitload of trades to figure that out. Usually it's just losing one or two, having a bad day.
Yeah, I would look for this fair value gap to kind of wrap that up. So first off, that fair value gap, if you don't see any kind of structural shift off that, like say price does this, it went up here and then took that low with displacement, then I would say, okay, well, now the narrative's changed, we're probably seeking this low. And you just gotta be nimble like that. But you can get most of everything you need to know off the daily and weekly charts.
Another thing to keep in mind, too, is what is everyone trying to do right now in gold? They're trying to short it.
Literally everybody. So keep that in mind. Now after that though, so after we get up here, if the daily starts to show signs that it wants to push down, then that's where you can go down because we now have returned to a optimal trade entry. We've cleaned out all internal liquidity. And if the lower timeframe starts to show signs that we want to go lower, then you look at it as a sell program on the weekly and you're going to have bullish days, right?
But you might even have a bullish week. But the overall narrative is that price is reaching down towards that. And then the cycle restarts. I want to look at his oil because it had a lot of stuff with the OPEC oil cuts. It's going to be interesting how this plays out.
I wanted these equal lows to get taken, but there's something that's telling me that's not going to happen. Has somebody answering the comments or actually me, let me answer some of these. So I do the, I do the lives Monday through Friday, 12 PM, Monday through Thursday and Friday, I do them at 4 PM. And then we also have a private class in the discord every week. And if you want to get a free trial, there's a link in the bio of this video where you can use code Casper and you can get a five day free trial to play with. And that's where I give all my trade ideas.
and any of the private classes. Also, thank you. I just asked Dark Casper as your name. I don't know if that's a coincidence or not. That's funny. Thanks, dude. Always love your quality content. It's time to branch out into indices. Yeah, definitely. Definitely do it. Don't try to just force crypto because one thing that... Actually, Playboy was a good example of this because I used to only trade crypto, but I remember...
Whenever you start to see value in a market shift or a clear direction, not there. For instance, if I'm looking at a market and people think once you can trade, you can just go trade any market at any time of the day and you just know how to trade, right? But what it really comes down to to be a good trader and a profitable trader is knowing when and where to trade. Once you learn price action,
You can really trade anything. There's going to be different times of day and maybe different setups that work better than others, but it's all generally the same. But the key to maintaining success and consistency is identifying where and where are not opportunities. For instance, like crypto right now, there aren't opportunities. I hate to say it. Now, there are people that are making money off crypto. I'm not sitting here telling you they're not, but I do not think they're as clear.
For instance, we were trading like crazy all through this. We traded like crazy all through this. Here we traded. But this, it's just not there. So don't force it. Don't sit there and burn out the money you made here over here.
And that's the idea of a lot of these ranges that get manipulated is just to exhaust retail traders. So don't be that statistic or that guy, I guess.
The options is a whole different beast. I don't really like options, to be honest, just because there's a lot of money to be made. But like the risk profile, I don't really like the way they work because it's basically like you're risking everything you put into the contract. So like people will risk like 20 grand to make like 20 grand. And, you know, that's great if you're making a bunch of money on them for sure. But it's just not it doesn't fit my style as much. There's some people like we have.
a ton of fucking super solid options traders like robbie called the spy calls this morning scorpion kills it it's just not it doesn't meet my style but a lot of people make really good money off options for sure
They fucking kill it. I think they called spy calls like the very damn bottom today. And like, for instance, the other day, I think yesterday they had like 800 or 700% gain on some spy. I don't know if they were puts or what. And just so you guys that aren't in the server know, like it's not just me that's streaming. They're actually streaming right now. But there's tons of stock stuff that people do for options. Here, I'll show you. Where is it? I can't even see. Oh, yeah. Day trades in here.
Tons of stuff. Let me go back to where it's a little more recent. There's a little L Nice little win there this morning. Yeah, there's tons of stuff. This is just one of the channels And there's this high-risk word Glacier and Robbie be tearing shit up in here. A lot of you guys know Glacier on crypto, but he does options a lot too Yeah, 200 a day on calls, maybe 200% So there's great money to be made a lot of opportunities in the stock section and you can get a free trial to that too by using the code
Oh shit. So you said you've had that name for a long time. That's funny. I saw it and I was like, I didn't think it was because of, yeah, I thought it was a coincidence, but still. I just, COT data shows it's strong. I mean, you're saying like you're going against the COT data or gold is a long, yeah, I think right now gold is a long, I do. I mean, if DXY starts to.
If it doesn't reverse here, I mean, that's going to tell me next stop. And again, it's just stepping stones. If we don't reverse there, next stop is going to be that order buck. And I wouldn't pay attention. I mean, if we get that close, yeah, there's that imbalance right there. What the fuck? Little fib tool. And you can just use everything in context of each other to increase your probability or your confidence.
more long okay so with it yeah i mean it makes sense to um usually you don't want to be on the same side as cot data for more than mitigate but but i mean in this situation where it's mitigating you know i can see why there's a lot of longs surprise though i would picture i guess that was everybody down here was trying to sure they've already probably all got liquidated what's gbp usd doing i haven't oops fucking died
I don't know. I could see a bearish power of three potentially playing out here. Fuck, man. I know they have an emergency meeting tonight. Let's see. That maybe already happened. A lot of stuff going on. I think it already happened. I saw there was something today. They had some kind of cabinet meeting. Take my information, City AM.
Okay, so they didn't talk about anything. I guess they just didn't everybody thought they're gonna talk about something they didn't so I don't know When I look at this impulsive move right here, and there's I know this is kind of like
Why would I pick just that? But for the reasons that's really, you know, I see that reaction here. We could maybe draw it up, right? But I see that as a swing high. So I'm just kind of taking it very precise here until that's broken. Just because, you know, when I look at that. Let's see how we're reacting. The daily draw, on the other hand. The daily looks better than the weekly, though. I will say that.
So if I look at this as liquidity right there, we came back down into a premium. Sorry, actually, no, we didn't, nevermind. Nevermind, sorry. I guess if you draw here.
And I've been kind of fiddling with that sometimes. It's like, yes, this is the most recent impulse move right here. But, you know, this is the low. I just, a lot of times I'll see a little bit more accuracy for these short moves if I'm just using the impulse moves. So you see we had that. It's still not at a premium or a discount, though. I mean, price did come to a discount. I'm going to go to one hour. Looks like gold. But it's already kind of in one of those potential reversal zones.
Let's see you can build you know framework like that just using the daily and weekly chart. What are we likely to draw towards? So the daily almost tells me these highs up here weekly is iffy Still early in the week. So if we start to see some form of reversal of the downside here on Tuesday and Then you could have a bearish power of three we talked about in the private class this past week I just don't really see a clear
Daily POI you're pushing into that's the problem there. There's four-hour supply I guess if you look at it like that what the fuck there's like a fucking I'm gonna ban the fucking porn bot the fucking comments. Look at this shit What the fuck? Why? Fuck you porn bot Yeah, overall everything looks pretty good. I mean like even today it's like I mean there's a nice sweep on the lows on Bitcoin It's just like bro. Like look it's pathetic. It's sad almost it really kind of is
Like, look at that. That's the one hour for Bitcoin. And it's like, there's just, it hasn't even broke structure yet. It's just, I don't know, man. Something's coming at some point, but, you know, don't, just don't force it until it happens. So they were in the same one hour range since September 27th. So I'm taking Bitcoin down from $19.995. What is that?
Go up right here somewhere. I don't know. I mean, if it gets that high, I want this imbalance right here, 2,500. That's what I'm looking for. Either that or the low down here. It's one or the other at this point. That's the next how I'll look to trade. Good old cord. Oh, that's fast. Well, I hit up into those equal highs. Nice little reaction off of it. So you're getting that same little market maker model here.
So it's probably now whenever, if we get a second break of structure to the downside, and that's why they're the more high probability targets. Because for instance, here, you're shorting against the bullish order flow. You got to enter right there. But it's like, yes, you can target these equal lows, but there's always a chance those imbalances are going to turn and smack. But again, market maker sell model right here.
So that would be the first entry right there. Now what you'd want to see is maybe a consolidation, redistribution, then take that down. And then that would be your high probability. So down into these lows, you'd see something like this. Bam. You don't have to, you know, I guess that's counter bias, but you're just looking at it like, again, higher timeframe POI, which is a 15 minute equal highs.
There's liquidity there. We obviously can see that there is something and you can just get a nice little scalp. I mean, it's not yet, so don't go short this, but my fib template, yeah, sure. For which one? For this one, whatever color you want it to be, you have to make the 0.5, whatever color you want the top half to be. I don't know why. These are actually drawn like backwards.
If you would have just come back and rewired to the video, it's a 50 minutes and 10 seconds for that fib. And then if you're asking about the other one, it's literally just nothing except 0.79, 705, and 62. I'd be surprised if it actually reacted super strongly off that. I mean, sometimes those little gaps hit. But you might see a nice little retrace.
opportunity for some buys up in this fair value gap on your dollar. Probably will not happen today, I would expect. We'll see though. Also, if you're playing the three drive here, which you see this first leg down, second drive, third drive, you would be also wanting to take some profits at the optimal trade entry of that, which is right here. He has made a way bigger move today as far as structure goes than NOS. I mean, I don't know what was the biggest risk reward, but...
um yes would i recommend trading indices even though you're based in australia it just depends on your sleep schedule i mean you'd be doing it you guys are what 12 hours ahead right
A night trader instead of a day trader. Yeah. I mean, it's really depends on your sleep schedule. Like for instance, I've thought about doing that to trade London session for Euro dollar, just because I keep back testing. I'm just like, holy shit. There's like, this was a really good explanation of a explanation. A good example of trading that London session would have been so fire. You would have been getting active right around here. This was free at this point.
You literally got on it. Let's just say you started around at 2 a.m. Immediately you get a framework and market structure shift. It's literally just catch bottom ticks, you know. But that would have been for me if I was doing a fixed 2R, you know, instant almost. Literally 15 minutes. And you know, the way I'm looking at it, if I can hit, you know, 3 to 5, if I can get...
Obviously, there'll be some losses, but if you can average, let's say you take five trades, or let's say you take six trades, and you win three, lose three, that's going to be a great return just trading two R. I mean, if you do that every week, every month, and it's just very consistent. We'll see how it goes though. Just testing still for now.
But on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here kind of to recap. We went over the trade on ES that I took this morning, plus the trade that was there on the long opportunity. Also gave some key levels to watch out for, what I think we're drawing towards. It's going to be up into this imbalance. If you want to refine it here, up to that. But also remember to watch out for the volume imbalance.
Same story here on NASDAQ. Euro dollars probably drawing up into this. We went over gold. And then for Bitcoin, I'm still, nothing's changed, just waiting for these key levels. They're 20,500. Sorry, excuse me. Hope that wasn't too loud. Or 17,500. Until then, I am just sitting on my hands with Bitcoin. Ethereum, I'm going to wait for Bitcoin to hit those levels as well.
Hey, Casper, I got a question. Sure. Where does ICT talk about his market maker, sell model, and buy model? Because I've never gone over those, and I'd kind of like to go over them. He has a free video on YouTube that goes over pretty well. To be honest with you, bro, I literally watched that shit so many times, and then finally just started seeing it happen, and it just started clicking. I'm not even...
Watch the free one he has, but then come back and watch what I went over. I feel like it's overcomplicated a lot. It's literally just like, it's similar to Power of Three. It's basically just like consolidation. So you have a small little consolidation expansion. And then that little leg in price will be a zone. So that's your second component. And then you've got your...
Whatever your think you're drawing towards your basically you're drawing liquidity on that if you're out of one minute You'd be using the 15 minute, you know, then you see this that reversal So then there's kind of the confirmation of the beginning of it So to be honest, this would just be an SMR right would be the entry if you're if you're gonna do that you just look for that fair value gap, so that's one entry but then you have that Consolidation I hear my true that a little fucked up
So then you have that break here, and that's going to give you the framework for your second entry. And oftentimes that second entry, you know, confirm that second break of structure, that's going to be your most expansive, like very quick entry. And you can always just target the consolidation lows.
Right. Okay. So it's almost like a three drive in a sense. Yeah. And it probably is on like a different timeframe. When you dissect it down, it's always just that like, think of this as like the first part of power of three. Okay. It's similar. Oftentimes you could go in a different timeframe and just draw a power of three set up too, you know?
Overall for the week, though, I still think that indices are going to end up bearish. We'll see, though. Before I get off, actually, let me check what news. Like I said, I'm kind of getting back to a little slow from the weekend. Okay, so there's medium impact news going on, probably still. Okay, tomorrow's PPI. That'll be fun. And then we have minutes, which is still high impact. Tomorrow will be an odd day. PPI could send the market.
Skyrocketing or to the downside. Looks like forecast is to be better than the previous. So you better hope that does not come out lower than that previous number or will be carnage. But until tomorrow, we're going to be live tomorrow at noon.
I'll probably be a lot more active starting tomorrow as far as looking for trades. Wait for that 8.30 a.m. news and see what liquidity is targeted and see what we can frame around that. But until then, be safe. Don't force any trades. And I appreciate all you guys coming through. If you could, like and subscribe if you're not already subbed. But liking, commenting, all that shit helps me a lot. And if you've got any questions, get at me. And I'll see the rest of you guys tomorrow. Peace.
