What's good? One second, I'm getting this tweet out. Yeah, so everybody said GBP. What's up, ZP? What's up, Caillou? Yeah, GBP, that shit's crazy. They're talking about some crazy interest rate hikes, like insane shit. Give everybody a second to get in here. Yeah, so what I'm looking at, so...
First off, whenever we're talking with indices and really, I'm not really paying attention to too much right now to Forex. That's just me personally, just because of the magnitude of global issues going on right now, which I think that could provide for good opportunities. But in my opinion, the cleaner setups right now are in indices. So that's what I'm focusing on. And crypto really is dependent on indices as well, in my opinion.
The draw on liquidity that I'm looking for to me is pretty clear. It's going to be this low down here. Let's see.
But let me go ahead. So the market maker sell model is obviously playing out on the daily chart, but the overall target is going to be down here. This is going to be that weekly drawn liquidity, which is the low of the range. And the reason for that is we've already came up and cleared out internal liquidity at a premium. So after we come back down into a discount and we're in a bearish range, we've cleaned out the
internal liquidity up here at that moment you know i'm gonna look at it like okay we're seeking the sell side but on a bearish week right so if we think the week is going to be bearish then oftentimes we'll have a judas swing to the upside before pushing down to the downside so you know if we are anticipating taking out this draw i see two two possibilities so
And this is another reason why I've been heavily considering sitting out Mondays, just because whenever we are, especially when we're this close to a draw on liquidity, because there's two possible scenarios. A, we go right to it. Take out the draw early in the week, start to see a consolidation and relief reversal.
or B, we start to push a false narrative and move to the upside, away from the weekly open, early in the week, and then put the high of the weekend on Tuesday, and then start to move towards the sell side. Now, this morning, there was a nice little market maker sell on NASDAQ. Here, I hid them so I can just pop them back up.
So that first consolidation, the push into, it was a, I think it was either a 15 minute or a four hour fair value gap. Yeah. So we pushed into this four hour fair value gap, got that initial, I guess it's not going to show it. Let me see. It says it's showing it on the, oh, it just wasn't pulled over far enough. So we get that consolidation under our target, push into it, stop raid. And we get our first little break of structure, not much displacement. And then the second break of structure right here.
So I guess you could say there's displacement here. I mean, you could have maybe got an entry right there. It would have been a little better of an entry. But I think the higher probability sell entry was right here. Now, the target, again, since we're on a Monday.
I think that reaching for the range lows at this time, I think it's possible, but I don't think it would be very logical or highly probable, if you will. Because yes, we could go down and take out all the lows, right? But it's still Monday. It's very early in the week. And oftentimes, Monday is just generating liquidity. So we're not going to get the true intention of the market. Now, while we have our bias, which my weekly bias is bearish for indices, I think we're going to come down and we're going to take out.
this weekly low down here. Indubitably. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, I think that's pretty clear, but I think that we could, you know, again, it's two scenarios, right? So we can say,
You know, this push, we have a weekly open over here. Now the midnight candle here, if you see, we pushed under it, moved up, 8.86, and then expanded. But again, we're just so close to these key levels where I think it's best to wait for the market to show its hand because if your bias is bearish, oftentimes you're going to have bullish first. It's just like the power of three at the daily candle. We see that accumulation, manipulation, distribution.
So, you know, again, if we're going to accumulate orders around midnight, manipulate them, distribute, that's the power of three, right? Now, if we're looking for that on a weekly...
scale, we could see, you know, Monday be a move up, Tuesday be another move up and then start the narrative down. Now that would also, in my opinion, pair up nicely with, you know, retail manipulation because we look out support where a support, you know, we've got a double bottom on ES, right? So, you know, I could see something like that happening and potentially form a fair value gap today.
move up into the fair value gap. I know we have some Fed meeting on Wednesday, I think. So, you know, you can easily see a lot of volatility come from that. Let me see actually the pull up the economic calendar. Okay, Powell speaks tomorrow morning. I thought there was one on Wednesday. I guess it's Tuesday. Oh, he speaks Wednesday too. Yeah, this week there's a lot of news. It's not really that good for trading. Yeah. Unless you're scalping. Yeah.
September's fucked up with news. It really is. Like, I put up the scalp trade while we were in voice on GBPUSD. It's a 500-pit move to the downside, expected. GBPUSD? You'll see it. As soon as you click on it, you'll be like, what the fuck? I was on the 15 and 5-minute trigger. What are you targeting? The lows.
Like these lows right here. Yeah, I could see it potentially. I'm staying the fuck away from this pair right now just after all that, but that's just me personally. The cell was up there. It was at a 1.0500, 08500. Nice. It's up 200 and something pips right now. Hell yeah. Yeah, that's crazy. That monthly low got fucking cleared. I mean it.
Well, I know that they just talked about raising up everything like 175 basis points, right? Or something fucking crazy. And they just raised it, I think, 75. But they're talking about something crazy I saw this morning after that plunge. What's it called? Europe lowered taxes on the rich people. Yeah, I saw that. Is it Europe or just England or Great Britain? Anybody in the...
What's it called? In the Eurozone. So anybody in the European Union. Oh, okay. So that was what came from that speech this morning? Yeah. So because of that, well, it came in on, what's it called? On the 22nd, 21st, 22nd, where we had that big displacement to the downside on GPP USD. They didn't like that at all.
Yeah. So they started going risk off and going into the U.S. dollar. So the U.S. dollar is going to pump. I'm looking at it like 120 on the DXY. Yeah, the next target is 116 for me, like just stepping stone. But yeah, I mean, 120 is probably very, very probable. Yeah, I want to take out those highs right there. You know what?
Look at this stuff right here. Does this look familiar? This is the yearly chart. You see what I tagged you in? Go look at Euro USD on the 12 month. I was looking at that. It's a three drive on the 12 month. Euro USD? Yeah. Yeah, bro. That's just terrible, bro. Ow.
That's scary as fuck. Yeah, so if you pull a fib from the low to the high, it should go to the 705 of the low. I would say this right here would be the main target. According to ICT, I think that was... Yeah, look at that. That's going to hit that low. That's fucking nuts. I wouldn't doubt it, but that's just fucking nuts to think that 80 cents.
Another, what, 20% drop on a Forex pair? I mean, I don't doubt it. Yeah, it's fucking nuts. I haven't even looked at crypto today. Let me look at crypto. I've just been chilling. They started printing money in Japan, China. We're popping out, bro. We're finna be ballin' with the US dollar. Yeah, Japan, China, Russia, and Germany started printing more money. Yeah, I saw Russia's stock market was down stupid today.
Yeah. Damn, they're back by all COVID. Holy shit.
Yeah, but the DXY 12-month chart is crazy. It literally looks like an indices buy model. Yep. Like the 120, I like that target. Just looking at this yearly, that's going there. Yeah, I want that list that ran. That's going there and maybe higher, honestly. I think it would trade into that fair value gap that's right there on the yearly. Yeah, right there. It would trade into that and hopefully pull back.
Because they said that they're not going to cut rates until 2025. So once we get more rate increases, it should start tapering a little bit. Yeah. Corn.
I feel like the more I watch crypto, the less I want to watch it. Like last week I was, well, Friday I traded ETH and it literally just sat there while indices dumped. I was like, are you kidding me? It's like the first time they traded crypto in quite a while. And it just ended up just, it was like a small ass win. It was basically a breakeven stop. I just put them above my stop so I didn't get slippage.
I mean, I think the weekly is pretty clear as drawing out of this low, too. I mean, I could see that little false bullish narrative. I mean, crypto, the only area of interest I see daily is these equal highs. So I'm actually going to mark that out.
So we got some buy side there. I mean, because if we're looking for the, I mean, we also could look at this too, to be quite honest, there's equal highs there as well. Because I'm not trying to be, let me clean my charts up from last week. I'm not trying to be greedy here. You know, I think there's actually a high up here. I had it marked earlier. It's a high right there, but I'd say these equal highs are probably.
A pretty good target as far as if we do stay bullish today. Today is going to be more kind of like a telltale. Because, I mean, if we look at that, like I said, if we look at the power of three on the daily chart and it's set up to be a buy day on NAS. But another thing that I've been watching is ES is moving so fucked up compared to NAS. Like it's just not as consistent with NAS. Not consistent in general, but I like the way NAS is moving way better recently.
like way better and i was trading yes for a little bit but you know we had this buy day setup but then we just come down and raid the london low which with the indices is a little bit you can be a little bit more um liberal with that strategy but you know nq is moving super efficient because if you look we take that fib bottom come right down to optimal trade entry fill the fair value gap expand up to the higher time frame poi
So theoretically, this daily move could have already played out. We could even just kind of consolidate around. And then tomorrow, once we come into the market, if we start to see the same formation, we move down for midnight, expand up, and then that would give us more...
more, I guess, conviction to lean into buys tomorrow and then sells the rest of the week. Because again, with the weekly power of three, it's just like we get a false move at midnight for the daily power of three. Well, the weekly power of three, you're going to get a false move the first two days of the week. I see some chop here coming to the lunch hour, especially since we saw this little expansion.
This range we have on the one hour is pretty gnarly, too. I mean, really, if I'm looking at the one hour, you know, this is going to be actually do it like this. Oops, fail. That would probably be my range for the one hour. So look at the daily on NOS. So that was really where we hit that fair value gap. Trade it back, but not below it.
Yeah, I think everything where we're this close to a key level, it's going to be a lot easier to develop a narrative after today is over. For instance, if we take this low today, somehow we just see some massive dump, then I'm probably going to look for buys after that.
Maybe not immediately, but after the market starts to show signs that it wants to go up. But I like the idea of going up first and then down because it goes along with manipulation of retail, right? We have this double bottom. Retail looks at it like, oh, buy the dip, buy support. And then we start to dump from there. Hey, we're ready. Right. Because if you look at this, this is like.
prime retail buy mode especially if we bounce super hard here you know that would be like very very prime oops i made that manipulation corn same thing um bias would be to take this low this week look at dxy is just looking like crypto in 2020 it's definitely drawn up to this month the order block dude dxy is railing yeah it's fucking crazy bro
Yeah, I really like the idea of false narrative to the upside first. And I mean, with ES, I will say the daily chart is a little cleaner here on ES. So if we were to not make another high of the day and close something like this, or even if we just moved up a little bit and just left this gap, that would give us a nice target to trade into probably during the London session tomorrow. And then if we can start to see that power of three play out, look for sales after that.
Again, we're just that close to it. We could just take it out. It looks like it wants to go down here. Yeah, I'm eating shit, dude. We got a ton of Fed this week, too. Yeah, I think tomorrow and Wednesday, right? Yes, sir. Hold on, baby. Yeah, I like either of these zones for crypto. Yeah, I'm going to be up like 14k for today. Hell yeah. Yo, this fucking volume profile actually slaps hard.
Yeah, it's all Robbie and I use pretty much. The fixed volume profile? Or is this the regular one?
Nah, they use the fixed one. They pin it on certain candles. No, I use the regular one personally. Yeah, I use the regular one. I like the fixed one better, but that's just me. Let me see. For me, at least, I know where I want to pull it, so it's easier to pull it from different levels if I just have it fixed or if I have it visible and then just make it to where I only see where I would have pulled it from.
This was actually clean this having put it back and forth you need to change your settings Casper if you're gonna use it to change it to 500 versus I only use 30 I think the lower the better personally yeah But the only thing I would use like oh, let's say 500 only thing I use it for is the lower so you just basically pair it with
with price action, like fair value gaps, highs and stuff with the lowest volume areas that are pro trend. So for instance, like if we're in a bearish range, we'd look for the lowest volume area to get mitigated. I don't know if that's how Wyckoff does it, but I know that's how I've seen some people use it on like Twitter and stuff. That's why I don't really use it just because I'm not like very versed with it. So I try not to, I try to like just basically study it and I don't want to like trade off of it. Yeah.
That's nice doing. Yeah, I like it. I really like it on the eight hour and like the week too. Yeah, I never use it really. Let me see. I'm just curious. Because that's pretty much all I use. Like I don't really use indicators anymore, but the volume profile is what I keep up at all times. I'd say this is going to be, it's going to be hard to use it where we're at because it's going to change, but.
um once this goes to the downside it'll show us a better yeah for what uh yes yeah yeah yeah well what i've been doing is i've been uh doing it from like the code from like 2020 levels to having it to where i can see like 2020 from covid till now and then going from and then using those profiles let me see
So that would basically have us going all the way down to here if we start to remove. This is 27.11. Again, I'm not the best with these.
What I was looking at on the ES, just the continuous contract, the one exclamation point, is if we have a weekly close below like 366 level-ish, 3660 I think, then it's looking to come towards the, holy fuck, SPY. Then it's looking to come towards like 330 on SPY. SPY's done though. Yeah, might end up taking that low today. That'd be beautiful.
Then it can chop down there and then expand. Yeah, that's why. I mean, I'm really heavily, heavily considered. I've been saying this for a while, too, just not trading Mondays and letting the market kind of show its hand. Could look at this like a three drive, too, on the ES. Right here, here, and there. It'd be nice if the PM would give a little sell. Or, well, either way. I think this week isn't going to have a ton of action either, though. Yeah, there's a shitload of...
Economic events. Yeah, it might just give for more of a choppy-ish fucking week. Waiting for it all. Crypto is just like in its own world recently. Legit. Yeah, it's just been sideways all weekend. It was hardly even moved. Like, bruh. Like, it just literally has done nothing. I feel like it's generating a lot of short liquidity.
i probably won't touch crypto until either 19.5 or 17.5 i'm good on it until then because that's one thing i've learned with crypto for me is like you really just gotta wait for the higher time frame setups like i don't even i feel like i do better with crypto using nothing less than maybe a five minute chart but really a 15 minute and then like intraday i like watching indices
So we could get some SMT divergence here if it starts to reverse. There we go. Look at the indices running. Did it take those lows? Not yet. To go make some breakfast. You've been up for a while now, Hunter, huh? Of course.
What time do you get up at 4? 3.55. My alarm goes off. What time do you go to sleep? 10, 10.30. See, I'm like bad with like, I can make myself wake up really early, but I suck at going to sleep early, bro. I kind of learned I force myself pretty much now. Yeah. Because I, like I used to not go to bed until like 11, 11.30 and shit. But now it's just like, because then I'm way more tired in the morning when I want to get up.
yeah no for sure i mean i'll i'll like lay down and shit but i just can never fall asleep i'm like even if i wake up hella early like do you use your phone while you're on your on your on your bed not for like the first last 30 minutes but okay i feel like even that is too close because like for instance if i'm like say if i'm like charting or watching a video or like playing a game or some shit where that's like an hour and a half cool down period for me after that yeah
at minimum yeah i always try to do like an hour or so of no screens before i end up going to bed yeah oh that's probably lots of times lots of times lots of days like i'm in jujitsu until fucking nine until like 9 30 9 45 and then it's like come home i'm all tired as fucking shit and then just try to go bed right away right yeah that'll do it too
like that late night workout that really helps. Yeah. See, I, I usually go to the gym. Like if I don't go like first thing in the morning, I'll go like right at market close. Yeah. Could see a little, let's see, actually, no, I wouldn't call it that actually. I don't know. Could see some potential little power of three play out. I've been, I've been really like starting to get an eye for, um,
for the power three steps and this wouldn't be this is more just anticipation but it'd have to fall back up into this range but i would like to see a little higher move up on spy before we really make a bigger move to the downside i would love that i would love if we could clear this out here and then rail and then get some sales what level is that that you're saying clear i'm not really just all these lows like the i guess it would be on esz
36, 71, 50. Perfect. The exact level I have. Yeah. That would be fire.
I think later this week, we probably will come back to the upside some more just because people are, if we keep going like this, they're going to get short if they're not short already. And then they are going to want to obviously stop them out or fuck them over. Yeah. And then we go back to the downside because the market makers are going to keep adding at the lowest price. Like this morning, they probably added shorts and now those shorts are in good profits. So they could go ahead and sell soon.
then raid the upside again retail is going to still be in their shorts and then they're going to get fucked yeah i really wanted a little all my most my shorts like anything that's for january i'm i'm holding um
yeah that's what trading fraternity said uh last friday he's like you just gotta size your positions according to where you can hold through these minor bounces because at the end of the day we're gonna downtrend look at my look at my intel put leaps that i got in fucking the beginning of june they're up 330 percent you know you got those when i was getting those those apples and all those all those all those at one point i went up 20k on my puts
And then I sold all of them, but one of each. It was great. Now I'm waiting for the rinse and repeat. My Amazons are already up 12%, the yearly puts on Amazon. So we cleared that level on ES. At this point, we're either going to go down for these lows or start to see some kind of reversal in the afternoon. But we're so close to this draw.
Yeah, I think we take those weekly lows out. Robbie trading futures now, I see. Oh, yeah? Oh, yeah. He's going to fuck that shit up. I mean, you don't really look at SPX for options contracts.
Spy gives you decent RR. SPX contracts are fucking smack though, I'll go. Yeah, that's all I used to trade before. I never traded Spy. But I'd rather trade it on futures because I'm at risk of my own money. Those contracts are really expensive. Yeah, they are. The fade on them is ridiculous. One up move is detrimental to the premium markets.
The best part about it is the tax benefits. That's pretty much it. Literally. Yeah.
It's crazy how far ETH is from this target, though. That's something else I was looking at. What's crazy to me, Casper, is how ETH and Bitcoin are still green on the day while Spice is pissing his pants. To be honest with you, you need something to hedge the dollar being inflated so much. So I feel like there's enough institutional bias going into accumulating Bitcoin and Ethereum. That's what's propping it up.
That's mad interesting. Yeah. Pretty good point. One Ethereum is one Ethereum. $100 is $10. You know what I'm saying? I just got news. Chinese Yuan weakens to 28-month lows. UK 10-year guilt shorts to fresh 12-year highs. What's it called?
I just tagged you in what I was looking at for the volume profile for Spy, Casper. Where did it go? I saw my computer. I turned off notifications for Discord once, and they just don't show it in Stock Chat. Yeah, it's in Stock Chat. It does that to me, though, too, Casper. Certain devices will show certain notifications. It's fucking mad annoying.
So you're saying if it closes under this, basically? Yeah, if we can get a weekly close underneath that volume shelf at $366.50, then theoretically our next target would be the next volume shelf, which would be $340.
I think, bro, if you ask me, I really think we're going to have some fucking crazy shit happen. I think so, too. I think it's going to be so much worse than everybody thinks. Did you read the JP Morgan letter that we got shown that they're trying to push the market down to 340 was their first TP, and then 278 is their second TP? And I would really look for oil shorts, potentially, too.
Because, like, the market has never had, like, a heavy downside move without oil following. Yeah. And when oil drops like that, when the market does have a big downside move, it's a fat fucking drop. Bro, honestly, oil, no shit looks like, I mean, I would legitimately say.
Let me see. On a monthly chart, no bullshit, bro. Like, I mean, if you're just taking it back to discount, it'd be like the first target and discount would be $43.92 on CL. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of right around where I'm looking for. I wouldn't really incorporate that wick, Casper, because that wick that you see to negative 40. Oh, it's negative. Oh, you're right. Yeah, it's not necessarily COVID.
Yeah, that was what's it called? The Saudi Aramco. They got into an argument with Russia and they're like, oh, you think you could fuck us with oil? Nah, what about the fuck you? And then what they started doing was they called all their allies and they're like, hey, we'll pay you to take barrels of oil. So it went negative $40. They were paying you $40 per barrel of oil for you to take it. I forgot that it went negative.
That's what I'm in. I'm in heavy on XOM puts right now for just oil shorts.
Yeah, I think these equal lows would be a better target at 6174. I'm also looking at USDJPY because I have a feeling the same thing that happened at GBPUSD is about to happen. I'm just waiting for the right reaction on it. The currency market is just about to be fucking wild. Yeah, that's where all the volatility is headed. Yeah, that'll be fun.
This shit is nuts, bro. We are literally in, like, times that you don't see. There's so much nice stuff that I'd look. Times that you wouldn't die. It's historical times right here. Yeah, for sure. I would say, I mean, dude, you might not take this. Because, I mean, here's the thing. If we're looking at it, you know.
This range really which I would say this is the range we're on a monthly chart You know if which I don't think this is gonna happen necessarily too soon, but if it does I mean you start to pull back into a Into a discount which would be down here in the 120s, but I just I don't know I feel like DX why I still got some juice what's uh forget you can't type that
Jesus Christ. Yeah, they're printing money, bro. Yeah, I saw that. They said that there's a bunch of shit they're doing in Japan right now that the banks are doing. They're buying their own currency. Yeah, exactly. I didn't know. Which currency are they buying? The yen. No, other than yen. I saw they were buying something else as well with it.
They run like trillions of dollars of yen and then something else it was I think it's you as a dollar. Yeah Or they might be selling their US dollar
It's not good if TXY keeps going up. And if you do historical TA, I was just talking about this. If you look at, if you do historical TA on the Japanese, like USDJPY, you'll see that in the 80s. So like 85, they did the same thing in the 90s. But the difference is that they have other countries helping them do this.
Does this mean like with DXY going up that our buying power is going to increase or no? Absolutely. That's why I said you got to get ready to buy properties outside of the U.S. before the U.S. market starts crashing. I'm going to figure out how to buy property outside the U.S. Just hit up a real estate agent. There's certain countries that require you to put X amount of money into the property. I'd be looking at Portugal and Spain. Those are good destinations for...
And when Italy hits the lows, I'd buy something in Italy. Yeah, the sales off this would have been nice, but looking back now, it seems like this second displacement was the nice little entry right there. But the thing was, that was like the target, because I mean, to me, I think it was either, it was kind of 50-50 if we're going to go all the way for the lows or not, because, no, I wasn't watching ES, but NQ, there was this fair value gap right here. So it was kind of like, you know, you were right.
Up on it. So the profits had to be taken pretty quickly at least for me Then I think take the one hour range to me is this right here that we're in right now Like this is to me the two points they've moved the most impulsively off of so it barely came back into a premium There still was some lick up here. So it's kind of was 50 50 but now I could see it I mean if we start expanding just continuously down
Just so crazy how uncorrelated ES and NQR.
I mean, it's just due to how many different companies are in each one. Yeah. Well, yeah, I mean, there's more factors that move in. But usually you won't see as much divergence as we have recently. Like I've noticed there's SMT divergence. Well, this isn't confirmed, but there's been so much SMT divergence on like the intraday timeframes. It's fucking nuts. And I watched for us. There's not usually that much of it, but recently it's been pretty prevalent.
Yeah, DXY looks like it wants higher too. Depending on this price action after lunch, I might look for a sell under these lows, but I need to get pretty clear indication to go lower. Ideally, what I'd want to see is something like a little consolidation through here and then one push up to take out some liquidity and then a sell signal. And I would just take it all the way down. And Q would probably be the better opportunity if I needed to take this low though, which is pretty far off from that.
I'm just waiting for a circuit breaker day. Right. We about had one at CPI. I know. I just saw a really interesting tweet. So it says, the three steps and a stumble rule was discovered by the economist Edson Gould in the 1970s. Here it is. When the Fed hiked either interest rates, reserve requirements, or margin requirements three times in a row,
The market crashed with nearly 100% accuracy going all the way back to 1919. Oh, yeah. I mean, we're definitely crashing, that's for sure. Yeah, that's crazy. I mean, not crazy that we're crashing. That's just a crazy, like, thing to notice. Yeah, statistic, yeah.
Well, that's like the statistic I've been following for a while now with the interest rate yield curve. Whenever the yield curve goes up like that and they end up inverting the yield curve, then so far it's only happened fucking every time in history. It ends up with either a recession and a drop in the market, a major drop in the market.
It happened in 1921, 1987, 1999, and 2018.
In 2008. Percent-wise, how big was the 2008 drawdown? Horrible. You don't even want to go back there. Was it like 20% or more? No, it was like 40% or more. Oh, goddamn. Dude, the 1921 crash was 80%. Yeah. I actually looked back on it. I think it's SPX that has all that data. It's SPX and then also the Dow. Oh, the Dow. Okay, never mind. Yeah.
60% in 2008. Well, from the highs of 2007. 20 yes. Just think, we're barely at 20. I'm telling you, people are calling me crazy. I legit think that SPX is going to go to sub-2000. I agree. I do not think you're crazy at all. I think NQ...
It would be like 8K range. Like in here. If not lower, really. Which could take all the way out of here. Imagine NQ at fucking 6,000, bro. Oh my god. From the high, that's like... If that happened, you would get liquidated on everything. Like, put it this way. The money you have in your broker, your broker would go out of business. You would go to the bank and you wouldn't be able to withdraw money.
Just food for thought. That's already happening, bro. I fucking went to the ATM the other day to pull out like $500 or $1,000 and the fucking bank's ATM was like out of money. I'm like, what the fuck?
So I had to go to a different bank location. If you look in like 2008, go until now, or 2008 and 2002, I can spy like it broke the 2002 lows in 2008, which in theory could have us coming down to these like COVID lows. Yeah, that's what I think. It's a very similar topping pattern. It's very similar to look similar, just like in 19.
1999, we broke the 1998 lows, broke the fucking 1997 lows. And I think this is minimum until 2024.
Minimum. Minimum. Yeah, at the very earliest. 2024 is going to be where we can maybe see some decent action. Maybe. If the economics work for it. Yeah, pretty boring so far. I mean, there was that nice little song. I can't say it's totally boring. It's boring for me.
I've been making eggs the whole time I've been talking to you guys. I was literally just thinking as soon as I get off stream, I'm going to go make some eggs with cheese in them. That's so weird. Before I said the boring thing, that's what I was sitting here thinking. I was like, damn, I'm hungry. Eggs are one of the best sources of protein, in my opinion. Six fucking grams per egg. You can eat four or five eggs in fucking one sitting.
bro i go hard on eggs shit maybe you bro i can only eat like three to four eggs per sitting i usually eat four i eat four eggs one sausage and then one potato put it all in a fucking burrito and then that's 50 grams of protein usually see i like making mine over easy bro i don't know i just love over easy eggs on like a i'll do that with like a bagel and like mayonnaise on it
mayonnaise on it. Oh, yeah. Mayonnaise on an egg sandwich. I swear, though. Mayonnaise. Mayonnaise on an egg sandwich is good. I swear, mayonnaise on an egg sandwich is good. No. He's like, oh, yeah, mayonnaise gets a spoon and starts eating that shit. I have a friend like that, bro. None of y'all eat mayonnaise on an egg sandwich? I don't eat mayonnaise. I don't even eat it.
It's breakfast. I'm not thinking about mayonnaise. That one's not like the peanut butter. I get that when people are like, okay, I get that. But the breakfast mayonnaise, there's nothing wrong with that. You need to post something about peanut butter and mayonnaise. I did, and I got horrible results. I posted a poll, and it was like 90% of people were like, you're fucking disgusting. Did you know that the Royal Guard, they have procedures of fainting properly?
What? Yeah, the British Royal Guard. Like, yeah, you're going to prison. You didn't faint. You fell too hard. Yeah, they have to faint at attention. That's fucking funny. This meme had me dying. This shit's funny as fuck. They don't know how to trade SMC. Yeah, I mean, honestly, ES is showing desire to go higher, but, you know, how higher is the question? I would say, like, on the five minute,
This is really your first target in a premium. I guess you could refine a little bit on the 15-minute. You've also got a high right there, but when it came out of these equal lows, to me, it's showing that Zyre wants to go higher, but again, how higher? Because one could look at it like, this is the whole impulse move, or you could be a little more aggressive and say this, and just look for up to this order block. It's just not super clear to me yet.
I really want us to close bullish today. I mean, there's no reason except personal. I'm not trying to push that narrative, but I would be happy if we could close at least higher than the daily open, close the day green, see another green day. Because I think that would kind of like give a little bit of a bullish narrative and then see it push up. And from there, start to get shorts. Because we're really not even in premium of the one hour range.
and there is clear liquidity like there's fair value gaps there's a high right here front running a fair value gap there's these highs up here which don't really matter as much yeah i would like i wouldn't even mind to see it move up to like three i think it was like 385 or some shit like that i have a wait 385 there's a fair value gap at 384 on a daily i think that's right around where i'm looking at yeah that would be that would be ideal but yeah
NOS has a gap up there as well. Brings a little more symmetry into the pattern, too. I really like it because it feels like it needs another quote right shoulder. Yeah. Also, too, what's it called? The SMP divergence looks a little more apparent now on ES and NOS. Let's see what the afternoon brings.
Yeah, so kind of to wrap things up, overall weekly bias is bearish to this low, which on ES is $36.57. On NQ, we've got $11.135, Bitcoin $7.593. Now, ETH, on the other hand, I'm not going to lie, ETH is kind of like, I mean...
I would almost look at these equal lows first, because here's the thing that bothers me with ETH on the weekly chart. So we never even came back into a premium, right? I guess I don't really count this as a little swing because none of this got retraced. So I don't count that as another swing. I'm just going to look at all this. So and with crypto, you'll see kind of inefficient movement, especially with the ETH as far as on the higher timeframes, because if Bitcoin is going to go down.
Most of the time, ETH's going to go with it. But those weekly lows right here, the equal lows, are probably, I'd say, the next target. It's right under a grand. Then, like, a short false relief, and then probably take out the lows. Now, ETH's monthly chart looks fucking scary. If you look at, like, really, I mean, I would say the overall target for ETH,
It's like $434. People are going to say I'm crazy for that. Fuck yeah, that's right where I have. I've got a question about that. I don't think you're crazy at all, but if we see those prices, are we going to buy? Or is crypto just dead? No, it's not dead. Here's the thing, though. Here's my personal opinion. I think that a lot of people...
Trying to think how to say this a lot of people
I'm sorry, I read something as I was saying that and it threw my train of thought off. I don't know where I was going with the a lot of people. But oh, yeah, no, no, no, no. With the a lot of people like the ETH merge because it's like lower gas fees and it makes for like a more NFT friendly chain and all this shit. But like to me, I feel like that just completely lowers the quality of like like Ethereum is useful.
And I think that it's going to help with the supply because I know that they're starting to cut, burn Ethereum. And I don't know all of the very finite details, but I think that when we look at crypto for like the original use case of it, I think that the only coin that has that anymore is Bitcoin.
And maybe Litecoin, but I'm not really a big... But when I look at Ethereum, I think that it's going to become kind of like the bonds of crypto just because of the way that the issuance is now. With ETH2, it's like you have to basically buy a shitload of ETH and stake it to make any kind of like the passive yield off of it. Well, I mean, I think that with another bull run, I'm not saying Ethereum is just useless. It's never going to go up. But I do think that...
If shit gets that low, I'm just buying Bitcoin. Like, no question for me. Like, if shit gets to fucking, like, 3K and shit like that, oh, dude, I'm just going to start buying Bitcoin every week. 100%. No question in my mind. I mean, the thing that's fucked up with Bitcoin, though, like, if you're just using, like, I mean, looking at, when you look at this range here,
Sweet luck. We moved up.
Took the high I took that external now I've came down and This to me it looks more like a liquidity raid So if we take a key monthly high a lot of times you'll draw it out of that lower monthly high, which is gonna be those covered lows but That'd be pretty fucking crazy if we saw a $3,000 Bitcoin now if that if that happens like I'm buying Bitcoin I don't give a fuck if it goes down lower And what's another interesting thing that I'm looking at is
Let's say the Fed, you know, I mean, not let's say they said they're going to not hike back with they don't plan to halt the rate hikes until 2025 or late 2024. And if that's the case, it's going to be hard for crypto to do its thing with this next happening because every a lot of people that just trade, they don't know. The reason crypto pumps like this is every four years they have a happening. So if you look.
2016, right? 2020, 2012. You see what I mean? So that's why crypto pumps, because they cut the hash rate for Bitcoin in half, meaning only half as much Bitcoin can be mined per block or per set amount of time. So, you know, it gives that supply shock. So when that happens in 2024, you know, depending on how the economy is, then I wonder if that'll affect the next crypto bull run.
It's very interesting that crypto has a four-year cycle and Spy has a four-year cycle. Does it? Yeah, if you go back till 2000, I think it hasn't been going on very long. But if you go back till, I think it's 2008. Yeah, 2004. So 2002, we had our little bottom.
run up for the 1999 crash so then we ran for two years we run for two years and then we go sideways for two years until about 2008 dropped in 2008 and this is where i really started paying attention to it was to 2009 bottom 2009 bottom goes till 2011 and then we kind of go it's like right in the beginning of 2008 2010 and it goes sideways till 2012 breaks out in 2012 runs until 2014
Goes sideways until 2016. Runs until 2018. Goes sideways until 2020. Runs a little bit in 2020. Has a big drop. And now we're ran from 2020 to 2022. And now we're going down to sideways for two years. Yeah, I could see it. Fucking BXY, bro.
Yeah, I don't know that this looks like like if this was if you just showed me just this Like this is exactly the model I would look for to buy indices like this would have been the target like literally it would be right here is your your idea There's your entry That's literally on the same thing. I would use on a one-minute chart This would be like the first target be right there Really probably like without goes in this fair value gap right there. That's fucked
I'm actually going to do a little case study. Oops, I didn't mean to save it. Holy shit. That yearly chart on ESC. Looks like a rug pull. This actually kind of was what we were saying. It was a little accumulation, manipulation, distribution, potentially. That would lead us up to there. We'll see, though. On that note, guys, I'm going to try to rush and make some eggs before the PM session.
Don't force anything out there today, guys. If we get a nice liquidity rate in the PM session, watch for signs of reversal. If not, it's Monday. We got the whole week ahead of us. A lot of news this week, so absolutely no reason to rush or feel pressured to make a trade. Until tomorrow, I will talk to you guys later. Peace.
Later, homie. Peace, homie. See y'all. Hey, worldwide, let's run the bets up. Oh, you know the vibes? Let's get it. Let's get it, sir. Two-year interest rates are at 4.3. Holy fucking shit. You said four-year interest rates? Two-year. Yeah, I was just about to tell you that the bonds are going crazy and it's not looking too good. We're going to start staking.
that's what robbie that's what robbie's been doing he's been buying uh t-bills yeah hell yeah it's not a bad idea because i mean shit you can do t-bills a six month t-bill and get four percent interest and it's guaranteed like you're it's guaranteed you can't lose man well shit guys um what is this
Oh, never mind. Well, be safe out there. Don't get licked. I'll haunt you boys tomorrow. Peace. Later, brother.
