This FPG strategy consistently gives me days like this, this and this and I'm about to show you exactly how. I've been trading for nine years and in that time I've tested hundreds of complicated strategies and this is one of the only FPG strategies that actually works. And today I'm going to teach you the full strategy and then we'll do a one month backtest to prove to you that it works.
Let's hop right into the strategy. The goal of this strategy is to make consistent profits in less than 90 minutes per day. And to do this, we're going to get to our desks right at 9.30 a.m. EST. This strategy works for any market, whether it's futures, stocks, crypto, or forex, and you use the same time for each market. There are two ways that you can use this strategy depending on whether you're scalping,
day trading and knowing when to decide between the two is what separates profitable traders from the unprofitable traders if you aren't aware already scalping means catching quick and small moves and taking a lot more trades and then day trading is catching bigger moves and taking less trades first we're gonna go over how to scalp using this strategy for step one we're going to identify our key levels now this part is stupid simple but if you mess it up
everything else will be wrong so make sure to pay close attention we're going to start on our five minute chart now to get to this chart you're going to go over here on trading view and click the five minute button this means that each candle you see represents five minutes of trading time next we're going to wait for the first candle of the day at that 9 30 time to print and then we're going to mark out the high
and the low of the first five minute candle to do this we're going to go over here to the left hand side of the screen on trading view and select the trend line tool and then we're going to mark out the high and the low of that first five minute candle that happens at 9 30 to 9 35 a.m eastern standard time but in order to find good trades we need to know which way the market is going to move which brings us to step two
confirming the market's direction for step two we are going to switch to the one minute chart by clicking this one minute button on trading view and once you're on the screen each candle represents one minute worth of trading time next we're going to wait for a break of the level but we need a fair value gap simply crossing through the level whether it's a wick or a candle closure just won't cut it as you can see the market rather quickly forms a fair value gap
Now, if you didn't know already, a fair value gap is just a three candle formation where we leave a gap between one candles wick and the third candles wick. So as you can see here, the middle candle was very expansive, showing a lot of force, which tells us that buyers are in control, especially when it happens through this first five minute candle level. So since we broke through the high, the direction is bullish.
We're going to be looking for long trades, but knowing the market direction is useless if you don't know when to enter and exit trades. Which brings us to step number three, finding our entry, our stop loss, and our target. So first, we want to wait for a retest of the fair value gap, meaning we need the market to trade back into the fair value gap. Now, after we've traded into the fair value gap, then we wait for this retest candle right here.
to get engulfed now if you're not aware of what an engulfing is it's when the body of one candle gets completely closed through by opposing direction candles as you can see this first candle that traded into the fair value gap has now gotten engulfed and this shows us that buyers are in control and as soon as we get this engulfing you're good to enter the trade now in order to do this we're going to go over here to the left on trading view and you're going to find this icon right here
and then you click long position since we are taking a buy. This helps you plot out your entry and find good risk to reward. So for our stop loss or our invalidation point, where we will cut our losses if we're wrong, you wanna put that under the lowest area that we traded into that fair value gap.
And you always want to give it one tick of breathing room. And then for our take profit, we are just targeting a fixed three to one return, meaning that on our winning trades, we make three times as much profit as we would lose on a losing trade. So as you can see here, we've got $400 at risk to make $1,200 in profit. And after you execute the trade, you sit back and let the market do the heavy lifting for you.
No need to micromanage your trade. There's no guessing and no confusion with this strategy. As you can see here, this trade took 24 minutes to play out and netted a profit of $1,200. Not bad for 24 minutes worth of work, if you ask me. And there you have it. It's that stupid simple. And yes, the scalping entry alone is powerful, but knowing when to use the scalping versus the day trading entry is what separates the profitable traders from the unprofitable.
let's learn how to use the day trading entry first and then you'll learn how to choose which one you will use and this brings us to step one of the day trading entry now we're still going to identify key levels but we're going to do it just a little differently because for this entry you're going to start on the 15 minute chart
Now to do this, you go over on the top trading view and you select the 15 minute button. Now this means that each candle represents 15 minutes of trading time. We're going to wait until the 9.30 to 9.45 Eastern Standard Time candle closes. So it's still the first candle of the day. It's just using the 15 minute instead. And then just like we did with the scalving strategy, we're going to mark the high and the low.
of the first 15 minute candle. And this brings us to step two of the day trading entry, which again, we're gonna confirm direction, but we're gonna do this differently than we did in the scalping strategy. So pay close attention. Instead of going to the one minute chart, we're gonna go to the five minute chart. So go up here and click that five minute button, and then we're going to wait for a very specific pattern. What we need is similar to the previous strategy.
but a little bit different. As you'll see here, we have now created our fair value gap through this first candle. But here's where things get different because instead of waiting for a retest, we're actually going to set a limit order.
on the fvg this means once the market trades back into the fair value gap we're automatically entered into the market now if you don't know how to do this you just click the buy button here on trading view and then you want to make sure to click for a limit order now on trading view you can actually drag down your order to put it right on that level now for my stop loss i'm going to put it right at the first candle in the fair value gap pattern remember
The fair value gap is three candles. So it goes right under this first one. And then for our target, instead of a three to one return, we are going to target a fixed two to one return. Now, I know what you might be thinking. Why less than the scalping strategy? But wait till you see the back test and you'll see exactly why I chose this target. Now, as you can see, the market traded into the fair value gap, which entered us into the trade and we have a nice move away from our entry.
For this trade, we risk $945 to make $1,900. And the one thing that isn't different about this strategy from the last is that you don't need to micromanage your trades and you can just sit back and let the market do the heavy lifting for you. Now, I wanna be clear that every once in a while, you're gonna have the market come down and revisit the fair value gap. That's totally fine. Don't freak out and close your trades.
Just trust in the system. Now this trade took 35 minutes to play out and remember it made $1,900. Not bad for 35 minutes if you ask me. Now I know you're probably thinking, well Casper when do I trade the scalping entry versus the day trading entry? And my answer for you is the only way to know for sure is to look at the data.
So let's go over to the back test and put this strategy to the test. But before we get into the back test, I need you to take a look at this disclaimer. Now that we've got that out of the way, let's take a look at how the back test turned out for both strategy entries. Let's take a look at our five minute first candle scalping entry first.
it netted $10,950 in our backtest with a win rate of 70%. And now taking a look at our 15 minute first candle day trading entry, it netted $15,400 with a win rate of 81% over 16 trades. So to answer the big question, how do you pick which strategy to use? Well, here is how you're gonna decide. If you have blown accounts before.
or if you struggle with emotional trading then use the day trading approach it's more forgiving and it has a higher win rate and yes as you've seen in the back test the scalping works too but it requires split second decision making that most struggling traders aren't ready to make so congratulations you now have a powerful and proven strategy but chances are that you've had great strategies before and yet you're still not profitable
now the reason that i know this is because i used to be in the exact same boat which is why i mentor traders to help them avoid all the losses and all the wasted time that i had to go through i do this by trading live with my traders i share my screen and my executions every single trade that you take will be reviewed plus you get direct access to me for anything that you need and you get access to our trader dashboard and all of the other stuff we have in our software
Now, I'm so confident in this system that if you don't get funded in 12 weeks, then I will personally sit with you and trade until you get funded. This is not your average trading discord. And due to this being a direct and intensive mentorship, I limit availability to the public. So if the link at the top of the description still works, then there are slots remaining in this enrollment. But if there are no slots, then you can join the waitlist for the next enrollment. Thank you guys for watching this video. Make sure to subscribe to the channel and I'll see you in the next video.
