What's good? What's good? Sorry, I had to get everything set up. Pretty big move on ES this morning. I didn't catch where I originally wanted to catch. I wasn't really watching for it, I should say. I had eyes on the wrong area. So what I'm going to go over today, I tweeted this out. Let's see. I don't know what day. I think it was Sunday. Yeah, here it is on the 18th. So what is that?
Okay, that was Sunday. So I tweeted this out on Sunday talking about looking for some manipulation on ES. Ideally, whenever we're looking for a bullish week, if we have a draw on liquidity that we're seeing to the upside, we want to see bearish momentum first. It's very similar to the manipulation that happens of the Asia session. So you're going to see a false move that will induce traders into the market.
That's what I'm looking or was looking for you on ES and we got that if you look at the picture we were The different it's gonna have different previous daily lows and stuff, but um the picture we were up here right around This zone I've drawn bigger too. It was on Sunday. So oh, I'm on the 15 minute thousand one hour So we were somewhere up in this region right here
So now we've seen that manipulation down. We have one second drive other than this third drive right here. So we have one drive, two drive, three drives, and then the one hour came up. It barely closed above this area. That was the Asia high. So we pushed up there, got a nice push out of this refined daily order block. I just went under the last four hour candle. Now the daily was a much larger candle. So I really want to see a reaction here.
I mean, let's hold it. And if not, I'm going to look for most likely these lows down here on the daily, which is 37.82. But until my bias is proven wrong, I'm still going to stick with more upside. So I've got what I wanted in terms of a push down in the week. So if we separate our days like so.
you'll see we have this push down on Monday creating that range. Now, oftentimes we'll see another push down on Tuesday and even Wednesday. So usually whenever you're using the strategy, you're looking for the high or the low of the week to be put on Tuesday or Wednesday. And a lot of people have a misinterpretation that it's always going to be at one time, which just isn't the case. I mean, there's data that shows that. So the main reason I'm looking for, well, I'm not going to give out too much because the private group, we already got to buy, but
Um, why I'm bullish is again, the, that daily order block prices moved back down into, right? And if we're looking at the most recent impulse, which I wouldn't mark this whole high, um, just because we kind of came down, had a little consolidation, and then here's where it really started. So if I'm looking at that, we've got this fair value gap right here. That's why I have this 3934 marked out. So even if we are bearish and you're going to remain bearish, which
um i wouldn't be surprised if we did after this kind of shift down but again we're looking for at least some kind of retracement up into this area now we also have a volume imbalance right there that we can keep an eye on so
It is the week before Christmas, so we can expect things to be a little off. There's not as much volume later in the week, and also not much news. I think there's news at 10 a.m. tomorrow, the consumer confidence. But if we look at the one hour, we've got nice equal highs right at that imbalance as well. So I think we have more reason to go up before down, even if we are going to continue down. I'm not saying we're not. When I look at the daily chart, and I'm kind of looking at this swing structure,
on our external structure. We have already retraced. Let's go to weekly to show you guys a little clearer. So I'll draw it like this.
What's up, Ivan? And what's up, Adeliki? So we've already came back up into this premium. So when I'm looking at this chart, I see price getting really close to this high and forming pretty, if you ask me, they're pretty equal highs. So you never know. I mean, that could even be targeted. But you know me, I like the low-hanging fruit. If we're trying to trade intraday, we don't have to always catch the entire move.
overall bias here you know we're in this weekly order block if we go down to a daily it's also order block if we go to a four hour we have this last down candle right here so there are some relatively equal lows there that's what i was talking about if we start to draw down i think that would be the draw and then we have our previous month's low but on the 15 minute i like this price action so let's dissect this just a little bit more and keep in mind this is that four hour zone so after we came into the four hour zone right here
We swept those lows. So we had a sweep of liquidity. And also this big push down took out Monday's low, right? I don't know why that says pretty. This is supposed to just be a check. Wrong thing. But so last night during the Asia session, it took out the New York sessions low.
And, um, somebody asked 20 day range. Is that the last 20 completed days? Or do you complete the, do you include the current day in that 20? I just start from today and go back the last 20 days. Um, that's just how I do it. Some people would probably, there's so many different ways of doing things, but I would say like the way if, if I was doing that, I used to, um, monitor it a lot heavier. So I would get a box like this and just go over the, like here, let's, so we'd go the last 20 days.
20 bars Ideally, it's one thing that I would I'm on the 15 minute It might be better if we're going the daily chart. Um, so we'll go You can do 20 bars or 20 days, but if you're gonna do Stock market on 20 bars, you would go like this and just draw a box So what you can do now as you can right click it go to your object tree and put
20 day. So what you can do now to make this easy, let's say every time you move forward a day, you just move it one tick over. So now you have it and you don't have to measure it every time and you can just hide it. So as far as the 20 days goes, we're also in a discount. We've tapped into a price delivery array. We took out liquidity from this range and we've got that imbalance. It's just a pretty nice imbalance. And also we have a breaker block right here on the daily chart.
So I see more reason to go up before down than anything and then we'll reassess the situation there And you know who knows I could be wrong, but that's that's what I'm seeing right now now back to this intraday price action the Push down and that took out the low made in the New York session on Monday
We had that nice consolidation there starting around that midnight. Then price didn't manipulate the lows of the midnight session. We did take Asia lows at right after midnight. So the Asia low is taken here. We have a high left up above. So we took the low of Asia. Then we start to see this bullish order flow inside that four hour zone. So it's all about context. So not only are we looking at intraday price delivery, we're looking at on a higher timeframe perspective of that four hour chart.
we have this order block price comes in sweeps and then we get a break of structure so the way i like to explain it and the way i look at it is whenever we're looking at a sweep of liquidity and then we get a push up right after the take structure with displacement it's the same reason we use that for entry it's just showing us that a big force is manipulating the market and then entering the market so they're buying up those stops that's just our way to visualize that so price
comes down and if we are in a bullish order uh or a bullish market or a bike program as ict would call it um we're gonna see down candles as support so we have an order block right here price comes into it right there during london kill zone right takes out liquidity here expands right so we get that london expansion now i get a little bit of consolidation through the london lunch and then 8 30 open we'll go to five minute to dissect this a little bit better
I'm going to hide this big box. So the A30 open right here, we come sharply under it.
into the next bit of order flow right there. So again, this is all about timing. And if you're ever kind of confused on how to use time, this is a really good example. That's why I wanted to go over it today. So we have an order block here that was created during the London kill zone. So again, we're trying to identify institutional order flow. So we have that London kill zone expansion right here in the New York kill zone. We come down to right at equity open under the 830 open. So we're looking at price.
from the perspective that we're in a discount, price comes down into this order block and this imbalance, whichever one you're gonna look at. And then we trade off of it rapidly, get displacement coming out of that zone. Now the draw on liquidity was the highs over here. So whenever I was taking this trade, I'm gonna go over that in a second. It was these highs, all these equal highs.
I was kind of scared to execute at first, but I was like, you know, I haven't taken a trade, um, on my funded this week. So I just went ahead and took it. Now I missed the ideal opt, uh, entry. Now the ideal entry was all the way down here. You got that shift right there. Could have entered off order block and you, I mean, we were in the voice chat and play a bit and I was like, damn, I should have, I was kind of kicking myself or not.
I wasn't watching. I was actually watching for a sell, a scalp sell. I wanted price to go a little lower and take out these lows. But looking back afterwards, I realized, damn, I should have longed down there. But after we got this reaction, I was pretty convinced that the draw on liquidity was higher. So we had the Asia high and then we had these equal highs. So when I'm looking at price in the context of the higher timeframes where I'm looking for bullish price action, then I see bullish price action.
coming in at key times of the day, I'm gonna look for longs. You don't have to long at the very bottom, and then if you miss that, it's just over. That's just not how it works. If you can simply get an idea of where price is going and have confidence in why it's going there, there's a lot of ways to position yourself. So this is where I missed the original trade, but I just went into my execution timeframe, which for ES is the one minute predominantly for me.
So price was right here under the Asia high. I knew we were going to draw it to the upside. And whenever we came down and took out this low, again, if we are very confident that we're bullish, we see that as an opportunity because we have to think like smart money. So if if we are bullish in the market and we see sell side liquidity being taken out, we have to look for an opportunity, even though.
you know you might look at it like we're breaking down or we're shifting structure and this is why context is so important and why you shouldn't trade every single market structure shift because if i'm bullish a one minute market structure shift doesn't really mean anything to me that could i look at that as an opportunity you know it doesn't mean anything in terms of a reversal it means something in the terms that you know hey this might be where you want to buy so price comes uh
down under this low, then I got that fair value gap, that rapid expansion. Now, no shift in structure, really. I mean, we had this, if you want to call that a shift in structure. I don't know anything even took that, but that wasn't my bias. The bias was just that I was very confident we were bullish and we were going to continue up because we were obviously drawing to something above us. So as soon as I got that opportunity, I just went long, tired of those equal highs, quick 2.4 R. I wanted to short it here as well because now...
This is where you can trade countertrend, is if we have met what you're anticipating to be the current draw on liquidity for whatever timeframe you're trading, which we've taken out the Asia high and taken this out. I wanted to short it into this low, and I didn't. And then I look back, and we'll go on a different chart to visualize this. Nice market maker sell model here. So we have this consolidation. Let me make these blue so you can see them. Run to support or resistance. Smart money reversal. And then you can look at this as the
second leg of distribution. Again, they're not always the prettiest charts. A lot of people want to draw the boxes perfect. What I see is this right here would be the second leg of distribution. Price traveled right back up into this fair value gap. That would have been where your entry was, the high probability. The low risk sell would have been here, and then you would just target this low, and you see that consolidation under that local sell side liquidity. Another good example of a market maker sell model right there.
So overall, I want to see ES stay above these four-hour and daily equal lows. If we go under that, I'll still look for bullish price action, but then we're really close to that previous monthly low, so we might just draw down to it. So again, just kind of staying nimble, but leaning more bullish overall for the week.
Hold on one second. Hold on, if you guys have been talking, let me put my headset on. I just see there's a couple people in here, unmuted. Has anybody said anything? I always forget. I just have my shit. So, we're a dollar moving pretty positive. Did it come up and take those highs you wanted to take? It's close. I think this was one of them, right? Pipped it, right? What is it? 0851. Yeah, barely pipped it. Here's two more to the left.
I'm looking at. Oh, these right here. Okay. Gotcha. Yeah. Overall, I want to see us, whether we pip those highs first or not, I want to see us push down into this candle right here.
Crazy price action with the yen after the Bank of Japan originally wanted us to bounce off this zone which we did bounce off of it but The Bank of Japan said fuck no to continuation there. So now with the yen I wanted to see us push up higher Into this region overall or no, no, sorry not that this region was where I was looking for Sorry, I was thought it was on a different chart for a second or a different timeframe But price now is seeming to seek down. I mean, it's
I don't want to be the one guy's like, wow, it's going to that low. But obviously, I think that's where it's going as of right now. Weekly order block down below that. So that would be the current draw on dollar yen. Another setup I wanted to talk about was Aussie dollar. So this is super clean price action, if you ask me. We have a nice three drive right here into that daily order block and premium of the external range. And a lot of liquidity down below. We've got previous monthly low. I think this is our previous. No, no, no, no, it's not.
But we have liquidity there, liquidity here, all through this. So now another thing we can look at on the weekly is we have an order block that the major sell-side liquidity front ran by just a tat. Let's see how many pips. Roughly under 10 pips for a weekly level. And then a major reversal point is pretty crazy. So I think we will trade down into that, if not lower.
Right now what I'm waiting for on the Aussie is kind of I came close kind of cocked me But I think it might be just generating some liquidity there. So on the one hour, there's a nice little order block right here and Then up here as well. So either of these zones
I would be looking to trade from if we can get a nice reversal. And I kind of like the lower one just because this is a pretty bearish chart. And once price starts running with these daily setups, a lot of times if you try to wait for the top, you're going to get left behind. So no FOMO, of course, you want to execute mechanically, but specifically what I'd be looking for is a push up above this high and then a reversal pattern there. And that's where we would try to get in.
Kind of waiting on the Aussie. I'm not gonna force it, especially with Christmas being this weekend But overall, I think the drawn liquidity is gonna be this low. That's like the low-hanging fruit So for instance if I get I push up into this area and I get my entry pattern probably would use a Five-minute to enter on this I wouldn't just jump with a one minute, but I would end up trying to target down into these lows
And that would be a nice move. You don't have to try to catch all the way down because, you know, oftentimes we might get a move here and then price comes up to take out these higher zones and then you get left behind because you're trying to hold on and make, you know, the Hail Mary profits.
So with Bitcoin, we've been talking about this POI for quite some time right here. We came down and pipped even lower. It looks like this last little down candle before the expansion was the better area. I was watching this one, but nice reaction off this, to be honest. I won't lie. Crypto doesn't look that bad based off of this. Now, one thing I will say is we kind of already hit my target overall.
So which was when we are in those longs, this was one of the optional TPS was that high? We've seen displacement down so I don't think that we're gonna go very high You know if I had to guess I would say
something in here because you have a breaker block and that fair value value gap opening right there so it's when you have zones like this i always am pretty mindful of them so we didn't tap into it just yet but if we do go much higher i would be looking for a reversal in that that region up here so for crypto um we're kind of just i mean it's again range and we caught uh the only move we've had in crypto in the last three weeks so i'm not too mad at it um
I have alerts on a bunch of coins set to catch some shorts if price skips up and gives us an entry, but I'm not going to force anything. So now another chart I wanted to talk about is DXY. So with DXY, we have this...
Let me check. Somebody asked oil and dollar swiss. I'll check those after DXY. So with DXY, we have this weekly fair value gap that we've talked about for a while that coincides with this monthly order block. So I think we're going to get one last little push into that. That's what I'm looking for. So again, once we get in this zone, you're going to be watching for reversal because if the dollar does start to reverse here, I think we'll see new highs.
So, again, got to be patient. Got to be just ready for whatever happens. I don't want to try to predict the future, but I am watching this zone for a potential reversal. And what would really confirm a reversal to me would be displacement upwards on the daily. So I don't want to get a one-hour break of structure up or anything like that. I really want to see, for instance, if price just tapped into it today, I would want to see a sharp move out above this high. Or, you know, however we form structure.
you know, I want to see pushes above recent highs, those short term highs getting taken, preferably a closure above. So weekly open here, we kind of just move straight down away from it, which we look at the weekly open on DXY, we're moving down as
the, uh, stock market's kind of in the same thing. So it's kind of weird. Might be manipulation. Um, because that's what we look for whenever we're trying to identify, uh, you know, real or false moves in the dollar. Um, that's what people use SMT. I noticed more people, I guess, cause so many people have just only watched 2022 ICT, but, uh, more people use like correlation SMT than inverse, which inverse was originally what was taught.
i mean they were both taught but inverse was is what was focused on but nobody uses that it just shows because a lot of people they've only seen 2022. let's look at oil though so oil
These weekly equal lows and then this sell side, I think, are the draw overall right here. So overall bearish on the weekly chart. Doesn't mean we can't have bullish days, but I would look for more downside overall. Now, where we're at here, if you notice, we have all these highs right there and that fair value gap. So off bat, I want to see this taken, right? That's just too perfect for me. Now, it might not, but because we've traded in this order block and now I've shifted down a displacement.
Overall whether it's from down here or wherever I want to see these highs taken but looking at this I would say You got a pretty clear order block over here So I would be pricing looking for price to draw down out of this first and then catch longs up to here and that would be pretty counter trend But it seems like we're moving down as of right now and you've got this liquidity right here, so
If I was day trading this immediate bias, I'd probably be a little more bearish. So if we look, we do XMR, Litecoin, and GRT. Yeah, we'll do all those. I appreciate you giving me coins because after I go over my stuff, I'm kind of lost because I've been watching a bunch of charts. So I don't have much to go over except really Aussie, Bitcoin, and ES. So what is this? So, okay, we took out the Asia high right there.
Nice push and now it looks like we're going for that London low This morning see where the price didn't stay above that 830 open for long
Yeah, I mean if it were me I probably wouldn't be trading this today. I think the move was kind of already to be had It was really just we looked at this raid. So we took out that Asia high Price moves sharply under it. So then you have a fair value gap to work with an order block or a breaker But like this is a good example of why it doesn't matter Necessarily was that I guess that's the subscriber thing
But this is, I scared the shit out of me, it was so loud in my headset. But this is a great example of why it really, there's not one correct entry. So let's just take a look. For instance, let's say somebody trades breaker blocks. Well, there is a breaker block right there. Let's say they trade the last candle before the down push right here. So this is kind of more of a supply and demand style order block. Or let's say they trade ICT order blocks right here.
Or let's say they trade fair value gaps right here. You can see there is usually order blocks do provide the higher risk to return or risk to reward. I don't know what my brain's doing, but that was kind of where the move was. And then if you didn't catch that, then you saw an immediate reaction off that or confirmation of this zone, so to speak, right here. So then you had another order block to trade off of. No real fair value gaps here, but again, multiple ways you could attack this.
oil is always pretty clean i don't know why i don't watch it i always say that and then never watch it it's just kind of like not ingrained in my head this is actually super clean price action so took out the asia high displacement down so now you know you're seeking downside on top of that we have that overall bearish bias to move down in that four hour zone because the and the reason we have that bearish bias is price is taking out lows with displacement so that tells us water flow is pushing down so you can go into one hour and see that you can go on a four hour and see it
And again, price is just trading up, taking liquidity into these points of interest and then expanding down. So that's just definitively bearish order flow. You would look to short. But again, I think the bread and butter setup was kind of as here and gone, which would have been something like this. If you traded the order block, it should be that candle. Or you could even have traded the entire last little buy to sell range, which was right here. So it would have looked something like this. Super clean trade.
Dollar Swissy was the next one. Let me go to my main watch list. So I think we're kind of just consolidating down here, waiting for DXY to get ready. So it's pretty choppy here. I was originally trading all through this. Actually, you know, I mean, the four-hour, it looks like you might go down for new lows. That would kind of match DXY as well, because if we look, right here we have that order block, and then price trades up into it. Damn.
Pick the wrong way to watch swishy or swissy. That's clean Price traded up into that area three drive into that four-hour order block shift and structure right here Fair value gap That's clean as fuck. I think overall you'll probably seek out this low these equal lows right here So at that point I would maybe look too long and correlate that with DXY But until then, you know, I think that's that's what way we're drawing towards is this low. So I'd be more short biased
And also a lot of, uh, you got to think about, um, the effects that the, what the bank of Japan did on, uh, the dollar half, because, um, that's sending, uh, that the yen is being, becoming a very strong or, well, it's not a strong currency yet, obviously, but it's that, that, uh, pivot is, um, it's pretty, a pretty big deal. So dollar Swiss, I would be more bearish, I'm biased. That doesn't mean shorter right here. Um, that just means overall, I would be looking for short entries.
I like this up here. Let's see, have you tapped into that? So I like this balanced price range at OTE. That's what I would look for if I were trying to short. And the reason I like it is we'd look, that push up was manipulation because we took out this high, took the high again. So we have a nice high resistance run on liquidity, expansion down, optimal trade entry, point of interest, and then clear draw on liquidity. So next one was XMR.
I have some alerts set for XMR. Ooh, looks like they're about to hit soon. So XMR I'm bearish on as well. I want to see price trade up into this candle and then I'll be watching the 15 minute for a reversal. I'm mainly just trying to look for swing trades on crypto now, getting really close. So yeah, I'll just wait for more structure to develop. We might come down, might leave without me, who knows, but I want to see something like this and then get active right there.
So overall after that if that happens if we do get a nice 15-minute shift with a lot of displacement I'm gonna look for new lows
So, what was the next one? Ivan said, I feel like I'm learning so much from this stream, even with my little knowledge. Hell yeah, bro. That's kind of what I try to go for, is I want people to be able to understand it, even if they haven't been trading for a long time. So Litecoin is kind of like a rogue chart right now for me, because I don't think it looks that bad overall for maybe a run up.
Crypto is pretty bearish. So I just peeped this. Let's see this right here. We have a daily balance price or unbalanced range, I should say. So I think this would be a good draw overall right there. Now, if we're looking at the four hour, we see this push up, but this is where it gets weird. We came down to that daily refined order block into this four hour order block. And even the four hour kind of gives us that change of structure right there with nice displacement, leaving that fair value gap.
But price didn't come down into that, those two candles. That's why I have this mark. I have an alert set for this right there. You just can't see it because I make it blend in with the chart. But if I can get bullish price action in there in the lower timeframes, I would look to long to either local buy side or this unbalanced price range. Now that's if there is good enough risk to reward. I'm probably not going to look to short from there. If I was going to short, I'd want to short from up here. But I would see more of a buys to sells thing here.
That's if we come down into this range. So I want to see a push down, sharp move out of it. Really, I want to see a sweep. So I want to see a push down and then a sweep, shift, and then watch for that order block. And then just target whatever high is there or the unbalanced price range. The next one was GRT.
Yeah, this chart's fucking been dead as fuck for a while. I mean, I wouldn't be watching this if you just, it's just a total shit coin at this point. Might not be forever, but that's just what I would see it as. So you've got this right here, got a breaker block on the daily. So that would be overall what I'd be looking for. Now you are at a daily order block and looks like the four hour might have
Giving us this right here. So we've got a sweep in our zone, but now we got to get back above this high and then by the time we do that, you know You might even just go straight for this and then the trade the bias would be over for any bullish ideas Or if you come back up above it and trade into you know more water blocks or points of interest that are created Good luck for longs. But again, I wouldn't bother with this one. I think it's a waste of time But that's just because it's like your automatic trading is all about your edge and
defining your edge is trading assets that work well with your strategy. So usually the lower the cap, the less consistent I see, especially at lower timeframes, the less consistent I see smart money concepts work with.
With low cap alts. So I just I think there's a lot better charts to watch whether it's Forex or major cryptos like Litecoin XMR good coins a trade GRT Not I wouldn't I wouldn't but overall I think you're drawing like that 60 cent mark
Will you need more so that again? What I'd be looking for is a break right here at displacement if you tap this it's the bias kind of over But let's say if you come up break it then I'm gonna be watching for return down into this zone Then I'll watch the 15 minute for the same thing and then look to trade up into that or whatever high you create with that four hour
But I crypto I don't see a lot of setups right now. I think there's stuff developing XMR is probably the one that's closest And I like XMR because it moves very well and it's not very correlated with the the rest of the crypto market John Thanks, Cam Caspi. Yeah full docks I check Matic. Yes, sure
So, Maddox, another coin. I mean, we took out a lot of liquidity over here. We're coming off of pretty nice. So, if we look at the daily chart, took out these equal lows. So, really, what I'd be looking for here would be a... Actually, this doesn't look bad. I won't lie to you. This does not look bad. I'm going to mark this up. So, the reason I like this, just to give a little insight, took out these equal lows. You've got a...
unbalanced price range in a premium of the range. Oops, wrong one. And I also have that four hour zone up there. So if we look at this, it's right under optimal trade entry.
Not an ideal area, but I still think that usually the higher time frame balance price ranges are unbalanced until price hits it I should say usually they Will yield some form of reaction and notice how he came down form some equal lows then took out the major sell side liquidity right here so at that point I hopped for one hour because I like using the one hour to confirm the daily and
Look right there. Nice sharp push out. So what I want to see here is price coming into this zone and getting displacement out of it on the lower timeframes. And I would probably look too long up to like these highs. But I'm just playing a waiting game. And if that happens, I want it to happen either during the Asian session or the New York session.
Now ideally what we'd wait for is the four hour so we wait for something above this high that would be a little bit less aggressive But I like the the reaction off those daily lows, but I still want to use the lower timeframes to confirm What's the correlation market for oil? So a lot of people look at the stock market and then also the Canadian people use like the Canadian well can the Canadian dollar is more tied to oil than a
the other way around. So I don't want to lead you the wrong way, but I know some people use the stock market. I personally, with oil, I would just watch oil itself. I wouldn't worry about an inverse. That's just me. Speaking of inverses, it's like it.
USDTD. So I think here, Heather dominance, we got to be very mindful of this fair value gap right there. You might push a little lower and this would go with that Bitcoin analysis too, that we're going to see buys to sells and the rest of crypto. But if we push down into this zone and start to
get that bullish price action lower timeframes, I think crypto is going to see new lows, or at least USDTD is going to see new highs. Now, I don't know if that means Bitcoin is going to see new lows, most likely. If we look at the correlation of the two, you'll notice that...
oftentimes so we have this major push right here that was when we made this low now we didn't make a low we didn't make a new high on the dollar right there but that actually would have been some nice smt divergence and we longed off that anyways right in this zone but um as you see right here we made a new low and then over here is when we made the low for the last range so if we see new highs here we're likely to see new lows on bitcoin so
Let's see if there's anything else. Okay. What's VIX looking like? Any gaps on VIX to fill? No. How's our boy QNT? Let's look at little quant. Is it getting fucked up? I think I saw something about this recently. Let me go to the other chart. We talked about this somewhat. Well, I guess it's been somewhat recently because it was my last colors. I think this is like a four hour maybe. I don't know what that was.
I'm surprised we didn't come up too above these highs. So let me just trash this chart and kind of start from the top. Wouldn't that be pretty crazy? Those equal highs right there. That would be wild. I mean, shit, if you're going to do it, it would be soon because I would be looking at, you know, the daily structure. You know, I don't know. Actually, you'd probably look at it as this whole fucking thing. It's crazy. Let me just test something really quick. Yeah, that's my thought.
If you react nicely off this low this could be a big big buy, but that's Neither here nor then it's gonna be a while till that happens, but
Because we have those equal highs. We didn't ever come to a premium of the weekly external range. The overall swing range for the daily would be this entire move. And if you notice, we have that tapped into that one time. But you guys know that I like playing sweeps. So even if it's way later on, if this were a 15-minute chart, I wouldn't look at this as any different. So I want to see a sweep of that low. So if we get a push down under that region,
what I would want to see is a sharp push out of it. So very sharp push. Now, if we get that, I would probably get some QNT equity. So QNT does not like to follow Bitcoin or ETH when it's doing its thing. So it could, I charted everything else. And now I'm looking at crypto, right? Yeah. Crypto is, um, is that a weird spire? And I think we're going to get some opportunities soon though. I just don't want to force anything. She used that dollar yen chart looking crazy on the weekly whenever it's naked.
I think I have a different one on my... No, I didn't. I guess I thought I had some more stuff marked up. Yeah, overall, it's dollar, and I think down under that candle. There's definitely manipulation in this whole little range right here. Gold? I haven't looked at gold. Let me put that on this watch list. Oh, I did look at it earlier. What am I talking about? Yeah, fucking... I don't know. What the fuck happened with gold? I think I had to do something with the Bank of Japan, but, I mean, it's going for new highs. That'd be no question to me.
That's crazy. I don't know where but it might give us that three drive without Yeah, that's the obvious try don't want to be that guy. But I mean, I know we're pretty close to it I didn't expect that for gold either Super nice. Yeah, I have no idea what the fuck happened last night, right? It's like bro the fuck it's up like since She's since midnight around that time
Gold ran 2% like that's nuts Go to like 1850 at this point, I wouldn't even be surprised 1850 is there anything on the so weekly order block up here So the daily is looking like up there. Yeah, I mean it's new hot new for our highs for sure at that point I would revisit it, but Yeah, that shit's pretty wild
A lot of equal highs up here, so we might get an opportunity to be a buyer. But if it doesn't take these highs before it comes into this range, I would look at something in there. Yeah. Yeah, I think setups are kind of cooking. I mean, it's the last week before the holidays, too. So that's why I've been trying to not force anything, not overtrade. BNB, I just saw that call. It's my bad. So with BNB...
I mean, it really doesn't look that bad on like a daily timeframe. So we look at the weekly here. We have this fair value gap. It's pretty much unscathed. I mean, it got tapped into a little bit, but I would say that that would bring us down more. And then overall crypto where we're at.
And if we look, we trade it into this order block right here on the weekly, all those three candles. And then we refine that down to this daily order block right there. And we see that push down right there. Nice return up to this zone. I think it was a four hour zone. I was watching this.
Sweep of these highs into it and see that's an example of why I like sweep so for instance look at this We trapped right traded right into it came back down and we still came up and took those highs That's where you're gonna get because the whole idea of smart money is that there's manipulation going on and Without a sweep you have no manipulation and sometimes price will go without that, but you know It's just I think it's better to kind of maintain your edge So here I mean pretty bearish order flow overall
Let me just look at this hole. I think this is kind of your swing range right now. I remember I did this already. That's why I like that zone. I knew I was like, I fucking, mine's gone blank. I like this zone a lot. I have alerts set on that four hour order block right there for, to watch for shorts. Now I would probably take those, I mean, minimum down to this low right here. That's where I'd be going. So down to that low and then down even into this low as well. But so much going on with Binance right now.
but I still just trust the chart. So I would just watch this OT order block and then watch the 15 minute if we get up in there for a nice switch. If we get that, boom. I'm going to trade into that low, trade down here. I'm actually going to post that up. Yeah, that's where I'm at with BNB though. And no problem, bro, no problem. Gold's up 5% really? I think you said that earlier. I thought you were joking. That's crazy as fuck.
Oh, right now it's oil. Yeah, 4.6% still. Holy shit. I haven't, looks like it's silver. I haven't looked at this shit in a minute. So monthly order flow, fucking mega bullish. So we'll actually pull up after this one more chart, a commodity chart on the monthly. And it's pretty interesting how well these strategies work. So sweep of that low into this monthly order block, an old, old order block, but we swept that low.
Pushed out of it super hard. So then we're looking at That high being taken now this whole sell to buy range. We're going to look at as potential manipulation So we came down into that we get on a weekly now Oops, let me do this where we can see it
We go to a weekly, similar price action. We get a push into it, a sweep. So if I get our sweep, now we see that closure above that right there. Price never really came back down to give time for an entry. It's super volatile out of that zone. Now, if we came back down to this region, I'd watch the daily, but there's nothing saying that we have to. I mean, that would be a while. This is all the way back from...
October, so don't expect it overnight. Now the daily is pretty clear, pushing the upside. We've got that weekly order block up here, but I think we're probably drawing to this candle right there. So I would look for a push into that candle. Also, we're in this imbalance now, so really at any point you could start to reverse. Overall, I would be watching price above. I think I just put a line up here. Did I? No, never mind.
Um, you're watching a reversal above that. And then you've got a nasty ass gap down here too. So it's hard to be bearish on metals with everything.
But I would look for, you know, that's really kind of coincide. Again, it's whenever we start to see these higher time frame levels, like for instance, where we're at on DXY, because this is silver's heavily reliant on the dollar. So where we're at on DXY, we're at that weekly fair value gap and monthly order block. You know, it's probably not going to be a coincidence if silver hits this weekly order block at the same time. So at that point, if you start to see...
bearish price structure on the higher time frames, like a daily chart. That's where you sort of shift your bias, and now your bias is to move down. Where to? Probably right here. And then hopefully get something out of there. That's where you start going to buy silver bars. Use that weekly time frame. Fuck the MT4. We're going to the bullion. But yeah, overall, looks pretty good. So what is this? ETH. Yeah, we'll look at ETH.
I'm right. It's been like dormant. Sorry to do be like that. But it's been pretty dormant overall lately, but nice push under this low and under this low over here. So we've ran a lot of sell side back deeper into... I actually did a touch... Yeah. Ran all those lows into this fair value gap and rapid push off of it. So I would watch this candle. I'm glad you brought this up.
Because this actually looks like one of the better setups. We've got a lot of levels right there. So I'm actually going to focus on this breaker. Oops. I'll leave this. Keep in mind, I should say, I'll leave it. But watch that breaker right there. Also, if we were marking the whole buy-to-sell range, which is that, then that would match up with that. So I'm actually going to move this down to there.
So overall, I would like to see a push back up into that. Now, if this is a better setup, that's why I was saying I wouldn't like GRT because there wasn't room. Now, if we look at ETH, if price were to come down into this and we start to get that reaction that we want to see, you know, we can actually get a decent move up to targets. So target here, target there. This is more of a setup that I would be watching instead of GRT. And plus, it's Ethereum. It's not, you know, a fucking S coin.
So I would want to see a push down into this now if you're like day trading this You could watch for signs that that's starting, you know, maybe I don't know We're not those equal highs You're in that fair value gap. I mean you're at a point you wouldn't be likely to reverse but we start to
to push down if you're a day trader. You know, you could look short into that. I'm not really big on day trading crypto right now. For the most part, I'm more trying to trade swings. So I'm going to wait for a return down to this zone or a return up to this zone. So, I mean, obviously one of these is going to happen. I'm not trying to call anything. I've seen people push on Twitter like this is what I think is going to happen. I'm like, wow, it's going to go up or down. But I would wait for one of those then react. I'm not really trying to anticipate which one happens first.
The h4 on NOS indecisive as fuck big wicks run a key level for me It must be a coincidence that it's this time of year. Yeah, I Haven't looked at anything except ES this week. It looks about the same daily order block Haven't tapped down to that last candle though. Damn this actually was clean this morning for
This is what you were talking about, Haas, because you said it hit the one. Because I wanted ES to do this. This is fucking fire. Came under that low. And again, we talked about this in the private classes about the importance of midnight. Got 830. You were under both 830 and the midnight open. Down here. Push up above. Trade right back down in this order box. Got it.
And again, this is when you have valuable order for this is how you Track it you just okay price comes down and we move up but again So, you know again in a bullish trend you should see support on down close candles Best way to try to explain things so came down took the lows out under midnight price under the 830 price so now you're looking at price in the Perspective that we're at an extreme discount down here. You start to get that shift. You're in a daily order block. I mean, it's pretty
Pretty clockwork if you ask me
So hopefully this helps you guys whenever it comes to determining, you know, a bias and then understanding how you can just get active in that. You don't have to catch the bottom. You don't have to catch the top. It's all about understanding the narrative of what's going on. Because if you know that prices is going up and you're confident in that and you're not going to get your bias shaken up until, you know, obviously if you're wrong, you're wrong, but you have to wait till you're proven wrong. Right. And like I used to have a problem. I would move my stop loss to entry because I was afraid I was, you know.
wrong. I didn't realize that's what it was. That's, that's what it is. Or I wouldn't, you know, let my stop loss do its job, so to speak. And, um,
You know, the sooner you can get to where, you know, you're okay with being wrong, but you're still confident in your system. Like you're not going to force your idea, but until your idea is proven wrong, you don't change up your position. Once you are good at getting that correct, it's all, the entries come kind of easily. You know, you're just looking at, okay, well, if I think order post bullish, I'm looking to get into the next fair value gap, the next winter block until we hit my target. It's that simple.
That doesn't mean you long every one minute or five second break structure that means that you're using the higher time frames to Determine where you're at
But on that note, I'm probably going to hop off here. Been on here for like an hour, so it's time went back pretty quick. But yeah, I'm going to try to get out a video or two this week too. I know it's the holiday week, so I'm trying to wrap up a bunch of stuff before I am off with the family. So yeah, I appreciate you guys coming through as always. If you can, like and subscribe helps me out a lot. There's my little YouTuber pitch, and I will see you guys later. Peace.
