what's up what's up i'm gonna give everybody a couple minutes to get start or get in here i know i started late so so basically j pal said a whole lot of nothing um really i just told everybody that they have inflation in mind and they said that uh they they understand the hardship that high inflation is causing and they're strongly committed to bringing it down so
And then on some bullshit about how strong the American economy is, which is totally bullshit. So basically, he just kind of talks to sounds like almost in a way, almost in my opinion, it sounds like kind of desperate. But I mean, it might affect markets. We can see that we started to push a little bit.
Let's see how the dollar index is doing. Yeah, so obviously we see the dollar is pushing down a little bit. We're still bullish in the four hour here. Depending on how you drop, maybe if you say this is a swing, you might say we're bearish now.
I can see that notion too. It definitely looks like the dollar is gaining some weakness. So what this will do is it will, if it continues to gain weakness, it will pump assets. That's usually what happens after these FOMC meetings or him just speaking today. He was just testifying.
You know, it's expected to see that volatility and to see the dollar fall most of the time. Unless, you know, for instance, say if we have insurance or not insurance, interest rates that are expected and say if they're, you know, lower raise or a higher raise, that can be more extreme. You know, usually if they're expected, it's bullish. If they're lower than expected, it's bullish. It's higher than expected. It's bearish for assets. Let's see.
This is relating to gold. Usually gold has a really big impact off of this kind of stuff. I want to see what demand I'm in because this is a really big zone. I need to refine it. I think it's weekly. No. I don't have this huge zone drawn. Weekly demand. It's weird. It's not showing on the weekly. I'm just going to delete it because it's too much. Are we engineering some sell side here? Or did it get cleaned up? No, it's still getting engineered.
I think Gold's going to set up some really nice shorts. One thing I did want to go over, I didn't catch this move, but we talked about...
GBPUSD quite a bit. We talked about it yesterday, and I put it on Twitter for you guys. It didn't come all the way down to the POI on Forex.com, on other brokers. It did. It came into this zone and then moved, I think, like 100 pips, roughly. Oh, 150 pips. So I didn't catch that move, but hopefully some of you guys who are a little more...
You know chart on your own and so I know a lot of you guys are just really learning so I don't expect you guys to catch those but Hopefully some of the guys that have been doing this a while and are just watching that They you know took advantage of this really clean setup
You know, we can identify in the four hour that we're bullish here. We got to break a structure there because that's going to be a pullback for me. I mean, 100 pips, that's definitely a pullback for me. So we came up, broke that high, you know, and then we retraced back into discount, engineered a lot of sell side liquidity and left a point of interest that hadn't been touched into. And price did what it does best and it sweeps that liquidity, pushed into that zone and off she went.
What I will do is I'll watch...
Or let's see where I would see you could mark two zones So really what I'm doing here is once price comes into this zone You know at the time of it going into the zone our way so the 15 minute was making You know, we had like our internal structure was starting to be a little bearish here You know, we've pushed up. Okay. Now. We're making lower lows and lower highs Push up. Let's see where the next time would be
right there so that we can make a low high low high and so on you can see we're in a pretty clear bearish market right so then what happens here we have those internal highs and i'm not going to get into how to do internal structure right now we've gone over in our group and in the discord um but
We came down and then now, you know, being aggressive, you would mark another internal high right here. Because that candle broke the previous candle's low. Or the candle after it broke its low, I should say. So I guess the high would be right there. So, you know, we broke above that. You know, we started to change that nature of just making lower highs and lower lows. And that was also coming off of this point of interest right here.
We can move this little bit to both inside bars. That's what it responded to. And then when we go back, we can look and say, okay, well, what demand? Because if we broke above an old high, when we were making lower highs and lower lows, of course, we had to see some form of, there was some kind of demand to enter the market. So whenever we're looking at this chart, we can look at this a couple of different ways.
You could be very broad and you could say this whole candle, the whole down move, right? Because we know that smart money is buying on the down move. This is where they're buying. This is where they're setting orders. It's in this candle, in this area. So then you see, I mean, that worked because price broke above it, came right back in the area, barely even touched into it, and then moved to the upside. But there's a way we could have done this a little more refined.
You know, we use this candle and oftentimes this range is correct. But when we really look at price, you know, we know that the buying really was created. You know, we referred to it a lot. We had these inside bars. So what is an inside bar? That's just going to be a range on a lower time frame. So we know that price pushed through that zone.
But when we look at what's really going on here, you know, we have supply in this candle. Now, anytime we have a break of structure, whether it be internal or, you know, a four hour swing structure, we have supply or demand that caused it. Now, you know, the level of the break of structure does dictate how strong that zone is. But regardless, if you're on a one minute, you have this, you have supply. So we know that price broke through.
We had tapped into this supply zone right there. When we see that reaction, we got to see price push up, and then we have a supply zone, and then we see price react to it to kind of confirm our suspicion that there is supply there. So we see a reaction, and then price pulls back in this inside bar and then blasts through it. So we know that demand was created in there. We also have a small fair value gap there.
Very small, but that doesn't matter that just shows displacement in the marketplace price was pushing so hard that it left that gap So now you know what I'm gonna do
Is I will wait for price to return here. I won't just long it off of it, you know But I'll wait for price to go bullish on the maybe a one minute in that zone You know because the four hours bullish, you know, we know there was a lot of demand created here We might not get it, you know, you got to be totally okay with the fact that you might miss That trade, you know, it definitely might happen
And that's okay. But, you know, if we're looking at this now, we say, okay, well, I missed that move. I'm not going to chase it. You know, there's no way in hell I'm going to just FOMO into that and chase into it. Just so I know I can, you know, we could also plot, you know, you can plot more than one zone because we have supply up here as well. There's supply in this candle. So then we could say, you know, we've got another flip zone right here. I like this one too.
You don't have to just pick ones that this is the beauty of using the lower time frames for confirmation I don't have to just pick You know one zone and stick with it and you know say screw all the other zones I can set alarms on both these zones and watch for the both Or watch the same kind of price action You know price comes into it and we get on a one minute and we see it prices making lower lows and lower highs just like it was over here Internally
And we see that switch, that change of character. We can look for demand, just like we're doing right now. It's the same thing on the one minute. Price comes down, bam. You can set alerts for both of these levels. In another one, you can always set alerts for the extreme, which would be all the way down here.
That's fine. I'm not going to do that right now because I know that if price comes into these zones and I have these alerts, I'm going to be watching it. And then, you know, if price just decides to push through these, you know, then I might like to play here. But what I will say, in my experience, the flip zones are usually what you see reactivity from these scenarios.
Also, I wanted to look at the Aussie dollar. It hit POI. It was like 3 in the morning. I got an alert, and it actually woke me up. It was like 3 o'clock, so I was like, I'm not going to take that. Unfortunately, I wasn't trading that time of night, but it's another setup we've been talking about.
Shame when those happen that way you kind of wait for them and it's okay, but I'm not really too worried about it So here it looks like this whole down move was kind of our order block right here the last down candles before that move That's what price reacted to and then we have that demand or that supply that was introduced to sent us back down here When we look that was broken right there, so I'm gonna look at this water block right here
That's going to be another POI for me. We kind of moved away from it more than I'd like, but if I can get price to come back down in there and the one minute starts to reverse, just like we were talking about with everything else, that pattern right there is going to be our best friend right there. I'm going to go in one minute and show you how it looks whenever we did come into this zone. Maybe you were risky and that first big zone we came into, you could have used this same logic.
Why doesn't this want to select? There we go. So for instance, price came down. You know, we're making that bam. Okay. Lower, low, lower, high. Yeah. Okay. Here's a new high. This would be your high right there. And then we broke it right there.
So it doesn't have to be a swing structure where the old low or the old high has to be broken. It's just a candle to candle basis. If a candle produces a new high or low after it, then that's going to be a high. So we have a high right there. Okay, look. Oh, our price is broken. Say if you were watching this and you said, I'm going to get in on this order block, which would be this whole range. Because we're in the one minute. You can use range, supply, or demand here. Price broke above it. It quickly moved back down into your zone. You are entered immediately.
That's exactly how I enter a lot of trades. That's how we got in Bitcoin yesterday. You could have done this. Could have said stop loss below the zone or stop loss below the recent low. Regardless, you had really good risk to reward. On one minute, before we even got my trigger, you would hit 6R. Now, I don't take trades that risky, personally, for moving down.
Into these zones you know 15 minutes bearish. I want the 15 minute to switch bullish. That's just my style Sometimes it you know has you missing trades like for instance There was an opportunity up the 15 minute here, you know price price breakdown Okay, well you could have plotted your zone right here And then we can see the same thing occur over here and get really good restore or two Sometimes it does sometimes it doesn't but most the time you'll get a similar setup
But for instance, right here, here's your internal high. You broke above that. Could have just used the whole zone. You got tagged in right there, stop loss over there. Came close, you didn't stop that over here, but you didn't. Very similar risk to reward. And you can take the, whenever this happens, you know, you can take a very quick in and out trade. Say if you're trading counter trend, that would result, you know, 4.5 R is amazing, especially for something that takes, you know, an hour.
So there's nothing wrong with taking a little scalp like that. Or maybe, you know, you had a higher time frame narrative of what was going on. And, you know, that's like for me, you know, I think that we're going to move up to at least around this zone on here. I want to see that in the balance field. So, you know, it would have been a bigger move to take it all the way up there.
Let's look at Bitcoin. We'll review that play a little bit. I mean, we went over it live. We called it live or called the first one live, but I do want to touch on it. You know, we had this VPR.
So we've been talking about this zone for a while, for like three days now. And we've shorted Ethereum the other day. We got some profits off of it and then got breakevened. And I anticipated that might happen because this zone on Bitcoin had still been left untouched. We had these equal highs building up. The buy side liquidity is building up. All of the people who are getting into shorts all through this range, their stop loss, if they're trading retail, is going to be all of these highs. They're going to look at that as resistance.
They're going to say price isn't going above that. So there's a lot of buy stops there. Those buy stops, they're covering short positions. So if someone's shorting, if everybody gets short all throughout here, all their stop losses are going to be in that zone. So smart money, they love stopping traders out. And it's not necessarily a personal vendetta where they just want to ruin retail traders.
More or less, they're creating liquidity for themselves to either open or offload positions. So for instance, if hedge funds want to go short and they want to manipulate price, they're going to push it back to an area that they went short from before because they still have orders in that area and it's going to be a vested area for them. So when we look at this price action over here, first of all, we always are using the higher time frame.
you know, to develop these zones and develop this higher timeframe narrative. So here we know that at this time, you know, we are in demand on the weekly, we did produce some new four hour demand, you know, but we have to expect, well, I mean, if you trade my style, if you use market structure, you know, we have to expect that our strong high and our weak low, this is what we're trading off of. So, and this is why so many people
wanted to say that this was accumulation and this was the bottom. When in reality, it was just bearish price structure. And a lot of people got tricked. People were buying here and then it pumped. They got really happy. Oh, this is, you know, we're going up from here. This is the bottom. But in all reality, you're just becoming liquidity, you know, to be absorbed by smart money selling off Bitcoin. Because just using a simple concept of market structure, we're still bearish here.
just like we're still bearish here now every trend comes to an end and that might change if we get a closure above that level great you know then then we are bullish but until then we have to trade with the expectation that price will come down and take this low and then we're going to try to position ourselves in that lower high because if you look for instance if you know say if here was your high and your lower highs right here that's the best entry for shorts and you you know target this um
And then you can short all the way down, find an entry. But the thing here was when we had a four-hour supply zone, which was this big candle, this one right here. But that was a little bit big of a zone. So what we did is we drew it, but then we looked. We want to see, okay, what's really going on here in that zone? Oops.
So we drew it and then you look for the displacement. And when I say displacement, the animated moves, these big groups of down candles, that's what you look for. That's where the selling really started. So then we look right here and you know, you could have refined it out of this one candle. Originally I had it like that, or you could just say, you know, the whole zone.
So we know that it's started because we have a huge fair value gap. And then what also brings value to this zone makes a high value POI for me is not only is it followed by inefficient price action with this imbalance, but we have equal highs front running it. That's called inducement. That's inducing retail to believe this is support because smart money intends to push price back up to this zone. And I know you're probably thinking,
This is, oh yeah, it's like, what is some guy sitting here doing all this, like putting in the orders? No, it's algorithms. It's all algorithms. That's why it's so clean and that's why it's easy for us to, well, not always easy, but that's why a lot of times it's easy for us to follow the footsteps of what is going on. We can look, this selling really started the redistribution schematic that pushed us down and got that four hour break of structure. So it's a high value area to me. I had a couple of others drawn. You could have drawn over here too.
But the thing with that was, you know, you know, this is our high and here's our low. Very quick fib drawing will show you, you know, our optimal trade entry is going to be up between a 62% and that 79% fib. So I would have, you know, I looked at this, but we obviously got no confirmation, right? We still want to use our confirmation. So that, you know, POI kind of got violated pretty quickly. And whenever you're using POI or you're selecting your POIs, you want to have.
you know a deep premium if you're looking for a bearish poi you want to have liquidity you want to have fair value gap this this you know we did get a break of structure here very obvious displacement but there was not really much front running it not much liquidity in front of it it wasn't in a deep premium so we know the big dogs really probably didn't start selling their their biggest bags there
You know, it really began up here in that four-hour candle. Because they really were selling all through this. That's what distribution is. They're selling on the up, but they sell some offload here, offload here, push up to induce liquidity, sell, and then here's your last point of supply. And this isn't a beautiful Wyckoff schematic, and I'm not sitting here saying that it's picture perfect, but I'm looking at it for what actually happened. Not like, you know, oh, we're accumulating. This is the schematic B.
I hate those schematics because they paint out these occurrences like there's some bull flag or something. You're just looking at it for the occurrence. What is actually happening? What are the components of this move and how do you identify those components? We know that this is where selling began. We have inducement in front of it.
I'm a lot of equal highs. So we're building up and engineering that sell side. Then you start to see it becoming manipulated. So you see the early signs of weakness here. You know, we see a high broken and then following it, we have a break of structure. This is where we were shorting ETH this day. We saw it move to the downside, but look, Bitcoin hadn't got what it needed. Now, if you notice, it engineered even more buy side liquidity here with these lows.
So now we're, I'm sorry, sell side, forgive me. Buy side is buy stops, which is going to be above. Sell side is your sell stops, which is going to be below. So now it's engineering, you know, anyone who's going long in these zones, they're looking at this as support. Their stop losses are going to be there. Okay, if we go under there, then also you have the retail people who want a short that are looking at this as some kind of breakout level.
You know if price breaks down from there, I'll short with volume we're going down Which you know who knows that might work for it might not but we know that smart money just engineers liquidity so they can offload or Open position. So for instance if if we're engineering liquidity, we're in a bearish market and we're engineering the sell side
but we're not offering it yet. So if we know the buy side is being engineered more, and if we're in a bear market, this is why structure is paramount. I cannot stress to you guys how much market plays a role in everything you're doing. Because if you do something on your structure wrong, or you have a biased perspective because you want to be bullish on something and you find all these little reasons to be bullish, but it's simple. If your swing structure is bearish,
You have to be looking at everything in bearish context. So I'm looking at it like, yes, the sell side and the buy side is being engineered. But if I'm anticipating we're going to push down, I'm anticipating this buy side is just being engineered for smart money to open position. So price pushes up. We talked about this earlier this week. It did exactly what we wanted to do. Pushed up into it. We got a break of internal structure right here.
Right. So then we took one short that got stopped. Totally. That's OK, because, you know, a lot of people that use low time frame execution, they spend all this time potting stuff. And then when it's time to move, they get scared and they don't want to do anything.
So right here was our trigger. We broke down there. So now we were down in this zone, and this whole zone was our 15-minute POI. Now, refining it a lot of times is better, but I know, like we just talked about with the Forex pairs, the range supply, a lot of the times, and these change the character, sometimes stuff moves fast. And I was pretty convicted in this level. I was confident in it. I'm confident that my market structure is correct, that we are bearish, that this could be a lower high.
I would have taken another L. I would have taken two or three Ls off this zone happily. It's okay because I know the system that I use works most of the time. Sometimes it doesn't, but I understand that and I'm willing to just act. I'm not going to think about it. I'm not going to kick the sand and cry if it doesn't work because I know that I have my edge over the market. I have that light edge because I know it works. It doesn't work every single time.
If I want to maintain my edge, I have to keep my strategy mechanical. So price breaks down. Then at this point, what are you looking for? You're looking for price to push into the zone and then get another break of structure. Now what happened? We got one right here, but that wasn't really satisfying for me. I was kind of like, that's personally what I'll do in these situations. If price was over here, I'd wait for this to get broken again. And that's what happened.
Whenever we're trading the one minute, theoretically, you know, you could have waited. You know, what I did, I just went ahead and marked it executed because I'm using this stop. My targets are like 18K overall. So, you know, I'm... And even these first targets that we've already hit, I think we went... Oops.
on these first targets that have already hit, you know, that we've already hit like 15 risk reward in this trade. So my targets were far enough away to where I know I can take L and also I could have had a bigger stop loss when I started. So, you know, if I'm here, I'm looking and say, okay, we've got two breaks of structure. You know, theoretically you could use this supply. You could have said.
I'm going to wait until we come up here, and I'm going to short. I'm going to put my stop loss above it. You know, you could have done that. You got stopped out there. What we did is I just waited. We marked and executed whenever we broke down, and I just put my stop loss here. Now, could I have put my stop loss up here and we never got stopped out? Sure, but look at that stop loss. I would rather take this trade or this trade and get stopped out and take an L rather than take a trade like this because this is just lazy.
This is like having an overall understanding of what you think is going to happen, but you really don't understand what's actually going on because you're just going to put a really wide stop loss and hope it works because you get stressed out when you take a loss. That's a problem. That means you have no system if that happens. Not saying that if you use a wide stop loss, but if you are using this because you're afraid you're going to get stopped out, you need to reevaluate what you're doing.
what happens here we get stopped out there's a couple people in chat or you know upset and they're like oh we got stopped out oh my gosh oh my gosh you know and that's okay but you gotta learn you can't be like that you know what i mean because you know we still have our bias okay we broke now now what happens okay well we wait for us to come up into a refined poi and then we just have the same thing
So, okay, what happens up here? That break of structure right there. And yes, that matters. This way you have to be on it with internal structure. It's very technical. So we had a low because this candle broke its high. Pull back because, bam, we broke above that candle right there.
He broke down, so he got one right there, and that was enough for me. I said, okay, there we go. I'm just entering. Now, you could have just waited and put a market stop up here on this candle. That wouldn't have worked. You wouldn't have got tagged in. I just market execute a lot of time, especially when I'm trading with MT4 as well as my Binance. The limits are going to be different, so I don't care to market order, especially if I'm trading off of ... I built this around the four-hour, my structure.
um, the idea of the four hour. So I'm using the one minute to execute, but I don't need, like people I've seen another thing too, like price will do this and they'll be like right here. And they're like, fuck, I missed Bitcoin. And it's like, dog, you know, like, I mean, you, you know, yeah, this trades like 50 R if it hits, but you didn't miss Bitcoin just because, you know, it moved, you know, to 20 R, 20 R is a beautiful trade. I mean, you can be making,
20R, theoretically, if you just hold it the whole time, that's 20% of your portfolio in profits. Here, me and the server that took this trade, if you took it how I did, you took off about 30% here to de-risk. That's 1% profit. And you took another 20% here of your original position at, I think it was, 10R.
You know, we've got was that that's already five are secured or I'm sorry to walk to our secured
Or forgive me, my math is completely fucked up right now. Apologies. Two R secured off this and then one R here, if you just secured that. And then once you came down here into 15 R, your portfolio was sitting around up about 12% overall after we shaved off the original little bits of this position. Yes, we're at 15 R, but if we shaved off half the position.
15R, if you're risking 1%, is you're sitting at about a 7.5% gain plus the three you had already secured. So really like around a 10.5% gain on your portfolio if you trimmed exactly how I did, which is being responsible. We weren't being degen about it. And that was in about 14 hours. This looks like redistribution like a motherfucker right here, by the way. But if we start to break down here, we'll confirm it.
Those are ridiculous gains. For instance, people take a trade like this and they're like, let's just say you took this right here.
and everybody wants that because look like they're looking at percent they like push percent they're like oh my god dude we're up 300 but it's like dude it doesn't even matter because if you have a system of risk you're only up three and a half percent on your port we did that in about you know i don't even know it was like five minutes
30 minutes. So it's like, dude, that's what I really want to drill into your guys' head. If you don't take away the way that I trade or the way I do TA, if you don't take away any of that, that's fine. But I do want you to take away that percent doesn't really mean anything. It doesn't. What means stuff is how much money you're actually making. And if you're just YOLOing shit on every trade you take and you're putting a shitload on it,
Or maybe you have a really big port and you kind of justify low R just because you're, okay, well, I have a 200K port, 3R for me, that's a good bit of money. That makes sense. That does make sense. Okay, 3R is good, but I don't see why you don't fine tune your system if you have the time. Now, I don't mean everybody has time to do this because if you're not full-time trading, you don't have time to use the one minute.
And also, if you haven't been trading for a while, you don't have the psychology a lot of times to do it because it is frustrating sometimes. Like, dude, this whole thing could have happened. You could have waited for this for however long we waited for it. Price could come up here and then just, you know, maybe gave you three entries that got stopped out. And each one of them, you know, you...
just, you know, you got burnt on and you just sat there and framed your whole week around it. And that happens, dude. That's happened to me. But, you know, once you have built confidence in that system and you know the benefits it can give, you don't care for that to happen. Because, for instance, if this trade hits all the way, because right now I'm just holding the rest of my position, right? I've made a good bit of my percent off or my portfolio off of it, you know, a couple days worth of daily goals. If this hits all the way,
I'm probably going to make around 20% of my portfolio. That's ridiculous. You know, that's way more than my goal per month. So if I take this trade and it does work out, which we don't know if that's going to happen yet, but if it does, that one trade that took me a while to frame and, you know, took a little bit of patience to get that one minute entry and all that, you know, people will clown on the one minute and all, but that one trade will make more than, you know.
a ton of trades that people take with really big stop losses so that's kind of my logic behind it and um you know i think it's really important that i'm not saying everybody should use the low time frames but i am saying everybody should really be aware of this risk reward and you really be in touch with that number because you can take less trades and make more money um doing with smaller moves like
Here's a platinum trade. This one actually kind of burnt me on the lot sizes. But if you look, price hit 17 risk to reward. Let's just move this down because it got stopped at entry after. It was such a baby position, though. I was just going to swing the rest of it. But I think it was actually...
52 to 1. Now, I took a lot off at 17, but 52 to 1. Now, if you were to just hold that, which would have been ridiculous, too, but there really weren't many take profits other than, you know, there was one right here, really, here, and here. So, you know, let's just say if you shaved off 30% each time, you know, okay, well, 30% at the first TP I took.
was right here at 22R. Or no, I think I trimmed it right here at this because that's what it was. I trimmed it this order block because I was being conservative. So 17R, 30% off right there. You're already 6% of your port gained. Okay, then you trim off another 30%. So remember, you're only 60% of your port. So it's going to only be 60% of this. So that is going to be, well, let's just see. I think that's actually 35. I think it's going to be some, six goes into that.
divided by so you'd be basically making 58 percent hold on so that'd be 67 percent of your port and you'll be making 35 percent of that so divided by
At that point, you'd be at 23% of your port gain. If you take 30% there, that's another 8%. Now, you're already up 14% of your portfolio. This was a move that did not take long. It was literally...
a day. So, you know, even those two take profits and then say you took all the rest of the profits here, which I didn't, I took most of it off at that first one, but I'm just giving you guys, you know, a perspective of what risk to reward can do if you use it correctly and you understand, you know, the, you know, kind of money that you can make by using these lower timeframes. But the thing is, don't, you can't just use the lower timeframes. You got to use everything.
in context of buy timeframes. Everything has to be revolving around what's going on in the bigger picture. With Platinum, we did TA all the way down from the weekly. I posted it up. I'm not going to go over it all right now. I think we went over some of it live, but it's on my Twitter. It's also in our Discord. This is one of the more bullish metal charts. Price was doing its thing on the weekly, super bullish, respecting demand, introducing new demand, respecting it.
Still think it's one of the most bullish charts. The daily is also bullish. We got that pullback. We came back all the way down to this demand. New demand was created. And so whenever people are saying, I know a lot of people get confused with some of these smart money terms. So, you know, we had demand created here, right? In this area and this WIC.
But we know that there's demand in this candle because it's a pivot. It's an extreme. We know demand had to be created for us to move up. So demand was created there. Now what happened when price came into this zone?
We started to move up, but theoretically here, you hadn't really got anything just yet. Unless, you know, if you looked at this as your internal break of structure, which theoretically, if this candle right here, this down candle, if it went down below this candle first and then popped back up, that is a change of character because that candle created a new low. Then the candle kind of took that low. We don't know if that happened because we're looking in hindsight, but we do know we started over here to shift bullish. So we price still was in the zone.
Okay, you know what happened when we got over here? Okay, price right here. Sorry
Same thing with that candle. If price broke down first and then pushed back up, that was another change of character. That's what I anticipate happened. We're just in hindsight. We can't really look at it. And it's also a daily chart. So daily charts, change of characters are a little weird. But we know over here that you did finally. We know that demand was respected on a daily level. So that's really bullish. So at that point, we came back down wherever demand was in these WICs.
You could have drawn fractal demand here, price came down, and then it started to do the same thing in the lower timeframes. The demand is being respected across the board. That's what we say or what we mean when we say new demand is being respected. Because if demand, its job is to break structure. So if we have a demand zone and price, we have this zone here, price breaks out from it. So we know that there's demand there. Well, price can do all this.
you know and then it comes back down into that oh wow price can morning poppy what's up price can come all the way back down in this demand zone we don't know if it's going to respect it or not because at that point the internal structure would be bearish you know so you know we want to see price start to do this
Now, while this isn't a swing high, we're using internal structures. That would give us the bias of that demand is being respected. And okay, look what had to happen here. This is what we mean when we say new demand was introduced. So look, because demand had to be introduced to break this. So then you'll see price a lot of times, and this is where you can have that power of three start to go on.
I won't get on all that, but say range liquidity is engineered, maybe in a range up here. It deviates to sweep that buy side, then it'll push all the way down because oftentimes there's a fair value gap here. And then you have a demand zone and all these equal lows. I should have drawn this a little different. Let's do it like this to make it clear. Because you're engineering a zone up above.
You know, prices engineering liquidity on both sides, accumulation, manipulation, distribution, price goes up, deviates, the buy side raids it. So that way it can push back down, has enough fuel to push back down. It pushes into our demand zone here. And then, you know, some people just long off that. Some people wait for that same thing.
And this has to be in context, the higher timeframes, but you'll start to see that power of three because you have, you know, your higher timeframe demand price comes down into it, respects it. Then you can go over here in your lower timeframes. New demand is being introduced consistently right there. So that's like your power of three. You have one, two, three, you're tapping the same area, but really you're introducing new demand each time. And then, you know, your entry is going to be over here. Oops, wrong thing.
So, you know, that's how you would be able to frame a trade off that. Yeah, if Bitcoin, because I think a lot of people want to be bullish on Bitcoin because of that J-PAL meeting. But that, to me, like, I mean, it may pump markets a little bit, but...
I don't know. I think anybody... I didn't watch it, but I did read a recap of it from a pretty credible source. Basically, he just went up and said a whole bunch of bullshit to try to make people calm down or not be worried. Because all he did was, oh, we have a strong economy and this and that. All this bullshit. Because everybody's in fear of a worldwide recession.
so i don't know how much impact that will have in the long term it did seem to have you know the anticipation of it you know seem to do this but a lot of times that's just engineering liquidity you know all the retail hordes are coming in and they're oh my god we're bullish we're bullish buying buying and then you're just pushing up into you know this supply zone right there because if you let's just hide this you can actually see so you know if you have your supply zone over here right you're the institutional candle the fair value gap
Okay, what happened price came into it? Okay, pretty clean. There's a very clean price action right here. And you got that breakdown right there. And you didn't really get a return up to entry. You got another breakdown here. Price maybe accumulate a little bit over here and push back up, sweep this. This happens a lot with Bitcoin. You'll see this. And then everybody wants to just set a limit off like this right here. Actually, this already hit. No, I did already hit. Never mind.
Sorry, it looked a little different for a second. I thought these lows were under it. Yeah, I mean, that was an entry there. You could have just marked it, executed on the break of structures. A lot of ways you could have tucked that. But, you know, if this maintains, you know, we're going to go down farther, which is what I hope happens. Because, you know, the 15-minute here is very bearish. You know, here was our swing structure before.
And we'd finally started to make a bullish move, making higher highs and higher lows at the swing level. And then, bam, we broke down. Now the swing structure is pretty choppy. I don't know if you'd even mark all the swing structure right here. I probably wouldn't. But moral of the story is we're bearish. Now we're making lower lows and lower highs. So I think we might have switched right here if you determine this right here as a switch.
Because this would be a swing, I guess, for me. So you could say we switch back bullish and switch back again. So you could watch. I see the bull case. But I personally have to continue to go off the 4-hour. And I'm going to be short biased. I really want to see this. I'd love to see Bitcoin just fucking nuke. 18k. That'd be beautiful.
Let me go back over the comments and see if you guys ask any questions. Sorry, I've been kind of just going. I didn't want to just touch on all that. Somebody asked if I could look at FLM. Yeah, sure. That was a while ago. I don't know if they're in here still, but I'll still look. I encourage, and this is just my opinion, I wouldn't even really look at these as much anymore right now because the market cap of crypto as a whole is so low compared to what it's been. We're back at like...
early 2020 before the bull run levels so to me you know that makes me not really have much interest in any of these low caps because a lot of the stuff that we are you know that the ta we're doing
is based off of smart money concepts. We're trying to track institutional order flow. And I don't think there's going to be that many institutions trading like FLM or something. So you're going to have really sloppy price action. I wouldn't even touch it, but I'll do the TA audit. So weekly, let's see you're very bearish. So you had price came up. Here was your structure. You broke it.
You had a pretty wide swing range right there, but I would say this is a weekly pullback. So now here's your weekly high.
Here's your weekly low Break of structure was right there. So, you know, what do we expect after break of structure pullback? We definitely got that I don't consider this a break of structure because we didn't close above and also it looks like a fat liquidity read we have this weekly Supply zone you definitely got a reaction you front ran these highs. It's the same thing as a Bitcoin short You had that liquidity building up, right? There's a lot of people to think we break out here going up
And also you have that strong high. There's a lot of liquidity there that got ran, but we didn't close. We didn't even come close. See, we wicked all the way back down. Super bearish. The weekly is bearish as fuck. Looking at this perp chart, you don't even have... Your target is just this weekly low at this point. 787. It's your... It seemed like you're well on your way too. This is horrible. I wouldn't... I mean, if you shorted it up here, but I hope people aren't in this in equity or something.
We can refine that weekly zone down to daily. I guarantee lower time frame structure broke down first here. I don't know how you could have really necessarily taken this because a little bit crazy.
Again, I wouldn't even really be a pain in mind, but if you look at it for a four hour, there is your internal break of structure. You could look for a return anywhere in this zone, which is a huge zone. So I'm going to obviously refine it. Probably go ahead and do it to this candle. I don't think you'll necessarily get this, but if I had to refine it, so I go over here, you have this three drives distribution where you make a high, either high or high, and then liquid rate, push down. So, you know, where was the supply really introduced? It's going to be in this inside bar for me.
because we could say this last up candle but look price broke down pushed back up into that area so for me that's not going to be an area of interest in this candle because price came down to this demand
It came down to the demand, reacted, pulled back, and then blasted through it. So if you wanted to be a bear here, which you should be in my opinion, this is where you would look to really go short from. There's no guarantee you'll get this at all. I'd be surprised if you did. I mean, Bitcoin's going to have to really rally for you to get that, which that might happen, but you know.
Then you also have this zone up here you could look at. Starting to induce liquidity above it. Why is it not showing my zone? So you're starting to build up that liquidity above this or below this zone. Obviously displacement came into the market there.
Yeah, those are the two zones I'd be watching, but I wouldn't touch this for anything but shorts. You're also engineering a shitload of all these lows down here, right above your weekly lows. Really, this area right here is what I'd be focused on. But you have a lot of equal lows down there. It's an overall horrible looking chart. Looks like straight X of liquidity right here. Devs. Dev rug.
But like I said, I'm very close to removing everything off this list except Bitcoin and Ethereum. Maybe BNB, AVAX, and Solana. But I still have everything. I don't really look at it. But you really don't need more than Bitcoin and Ethereum. And especially with the way that the market is. Your market caps are extremely low for a lot of these coins. So you're not going to see clean price action. You're going to get...
Like I said, everyone wants to chase percent. Oh, but Bitcoin doesn't move that crazy. It only moves 20. You shouldn't care about percent. If you're chasing percent, you're probably not making as much money as you could be if you understood a good risk management system. I know we've said it 50 times, but I won't go back into it. That's the number one thing when people say they want to trade some crazy coin like SHIB or whatever.
That shit moves 80% in a day. Bitcoin doesn't do that. It's like, that's fine. But I don't need something to move 80% to make money off of it. For instance, we make more money off this trade that's moved. It moved not even like 7%. And that doesn't look that fun to flex 70% P&L. But you make more money than people that are making 300% if you size your position right. So that's where I don't mind to just trade Bitcoin and Ethereum. It doesn't matter to me.
I'd rather do it at this point where we're at. Sushi. So, weekly. I don't know what I have to say. I'm just going to mark it all off. Maybe monthly demand or something. Yeah, you came into monthly demand right here. But, I mean. Oops, wrong thing.
So I wouldn't really just use this whole zone because it's already been tapped into. You're going to get that reaction to it. But really, I think it's just engineering more liquidity. I wouldn't touch it until at minimum this little internal range right there in the weekly. That's a different monthly area, I guess you'd say, just to add in with the candle the same. But this would be the zone I'd be looking for and preferably down to this last candle to fill that gap. I think you're still just engineering liquidity. A lot of times you'll see a three tap.
This happens on lower timeframes. You see like one RAID, push up, mitigate one RAID, and then that's where you start to get that power of three. But there'd be an accumulation, manipulation, distribution, but in a bearish perspective on the lower timeframes. But here we have this weekly demand, you know, low right in front of it.
You did sweep this low over here. You removed some sell side. Personally, I would want it to come into that zone just because I look for more supply and demand. But you're rating the liquidity. You've got a good demand zone here on the daily. We can refine it. And the reason I like it is because it's a sweep zone. You swept that liquidity with this zone, pushed down, and then started to expand from there. The daily is bearish.
You have got this pullback that looks like it wants to begin. There's your daily high and your daily low, but how do we determine we have a pullback? Ideally, we want just an internal break of structure. Now, we saw with Bitcoin at like $22K or whatever, it faked us a lot of people out with this same price action. So one for me isn't necessarily...
Super convincing. And remember, all that signifies is that you're beginning the pullback of this bearish move. So the expectancy is you're going to come somewhere into a premium. It's not required to go into a premium, but somewhere, some POI, some area, you're going to come into, and then you're just playing the pullback. And then once you get another change of character, you're saying the pullback's over and you're targeting this week low.
So you could be pushing back, but you've got to be aware that pullback could end at any minute. You have a fair value gap. You're pretty much just filled. That might be enough. I don't know. But the daily did get a change of character. So at this point, we can say that we possibly are in a daily pullback. If we're on the four-hour, we want to see, are we bullish on a four-hour on the swing structure? And for me, if you look here, I mean...
It's close. Actually, let's see. No, because your swing structure before was this right here. So once you broke that, oh God, yeah, you're not. Unless you got a closure down here. No. For me, the way I plot swing structure, you're not bullish for a while because here is your old high, your old low. It came up. We broke this low. So what's the highest point?
Right there. That's your daily high. So we come all the way down. I was looking at this like a pullback, but that was before you broke down. So it can't be a part of this new price swing or at least the structure of it. So we broke down. Now, then we come down here and we get a decent little pullback. And then, you know, you'd say, okay, well, right here. Well, we didn't close under it.
So for me, that's not a break of structure. So that doesn't give us, you know, a new high and low. So I look at it as, you know, this is our high and low. So now we're still in the mindset that we're bearish. This is probably more so just a pullback when we're looking like this. We can look at the four hour, the same way we have this daily demand zone. We could refine it if we want.
I would refine it down to here. But we see what happened when we started to reverse. The same thing that we saw on the daily. We're seeing the four-hour. Looks like right here is our low that got broken. Price never retraced into it, which is not healthy, in my opinion. I don't like when that happens. You leave that in balance. Usually, you see that on pullbacks. You won't see that in a healthy trend reversal. Sometimes you will. But on the higher time frames, usually I want to see that push up, mitigate it, push up, mitigate it. Then you start to really boom.
because it gave smart money the time to really accumulate.
you know, position. So here at this point, you know, you have this supply. So you can start to plot POIs around, you know, where are our valuable zones. So we could just draw this whole big candle right here because we're not using the supply of trade. I'm just using it to see where we got a flip zone. So you see price kind of pushed up. Right here was a good zone. It looks like it's already been tapped. I wouldn't be longing this, but this would have been valid.
You broke up. Remember that daily pullback's begun, the four-hour pullback's begun. Where are we looking to take it? Well, we can always expect it could end any minute, but we could look to take it maybe up to these supply zones or this fair value gap, however you did it. You know what I mean? So this doesn't look too good, especially once it happens in this fair value gap. You don't want to see that liquidity rate right there.
You know, you have the fair value gap. You do have a supply up here you haven't tapped into. But, you know, we got that break of structure. You could have said, okay, well, we're bullish. We're in pullback mode. You know, you're really an aggressive counter trend trader. You know, you came up into supply, pushed back, expanded from this inside bar. So we know that there was demand in this candle. You know, maybe you took trades off that. How could you have done that? Okay, well, if we were watching the 15 minute, you know, if you're using the four hour for POIs.
I use a 15 minute for confirmation. So then price comes down into it. It looks like we get a break right here. And then we can look at, you know, two zones because, you know, you look at what sponsored this zone break. You know, we've gone over. You can just use supply, the range supply or sorry, range demand.
So, you know, then you got, looks like, let's see if you got tagged in. No, you didn't, it looks like. Or, like we were saying before, a lot of times with these reversals, you can use flip zones, because this wasn't what sponsored the break, but we know. Actually, I wouldn't have used this zone, because you didn't really tap into it. Yet, for me, I would have got left out on this one. I would have just used this, probably just came into it, I would have probably got left out. Or maybe you were watching the one minute, and it came close enough to your zone. Or did it touch it? Let's see.
The zone was 116. Oh, actually, it did touch it right there. So never mind. You did get tagged in using the 15-minute or you used the one-minute for execution. You got it. Let's see where the high was. I'm looking at it. No USD for sure it's from. Yeah, soon for sure. If it's getting up to that daily distribution. It's right there at the LPSY. Is it really? It's about to hit it.
i thought i should let you know yeah no good shit right there yeah yeah i want to show either here or this daily level do you think do you think those those equal highs get ran these right here on the one hour because i was looking at yeah those right there i would i could see it like i mean i would still watch this zone but i just i really like this up here like because for me
The selling really started in this candle because like I remember like when it pushed back up into because like the last thing we're looking at Like this distribution, but there was like a lower time frame distribution like right there So it pushed back up into that and that's where the selling really started wasn't like this way I caught that one right there all the way to the bottom Yeah, that's what I remember you guys were kind of anticipated. Yeah, I didn't catch it to the bottom my bad I caught it till where it took out this equal this strong low one
point zero five three
oh yeah yeah for me bro at this point if i'm being in shorts i'm targeting the weekly lows yeah yeah that's why i wanted to get it back in this and then the other one was gold was putting in a three drive on the five minute i missed the entry it was looking really good for shorts i'm gonna watch this uh that zone i like the zone i think i think i i don't did i just draw this or i think i had it drawn i can't remember but i like this zone and then also you drew it last time we were talking about yeah yeah and then the daily right here i like too
Yeah, okay. Because, like, the way I look at it, like, from, like, an ICT logic, like, we can see that, okay, the sell side's being offered. That's the way he would say it. So, like, yes, there's demand. Like, supply and demand would be, like, said a long year and all this. But, theoretically, you look from, like, where price really moved away from. So, we moved away from this area. So, we know that smart money was selling all through here. So, they pushed out and they're still going to engineer more sell sides. So, it looks like, from institutional logic, this shit's going to get.
clapped right yeah the other one i'm looking at is audjpy it's about to get back into premium right i mean i don't even think i have this in my watch list
I was just playing all JPY pairs the other day because of how it was acting. If you look at it on a four hour, you can pull the range from that high to the low, from the strong high to the weak low. Or I guess it's a strong low now. But yeah, it's getting back up into premium. I'd like to short it in the inside bar on the four hour. There's an inside bar at 96, 121.
ish around there yeah it looks good for short seam frack swings because if you look at the monthly yeah we had this previous previous monthly high and low like pml and pmh and then we broke above the monthly high with a daily reversal pattern so we came up paused a little bit we have this internal structure right there gets broken so now we're coming back up you know we could we could draw all this if we wanted
and push it over. And then if you see this low get taken right here, that's just probably going to start tumbling. There was another one I was looking at. I think GBP USD gave another entry for shorts. I caught 120 pips on it to the downside yesterday. I wanted to long it today, but I wasn't awake. I think I was awake for either AUD USD or GBP. I wasn't up for it.
So, this actually looks pretty good. The four hour just shifted. It's like, okay, we're in this supply zone here. I'm going to go to 15 minutes and see where we started really selling off from. I would want it to come up a little bit. I mean, it might. You've got a good flip zone over here, too, I guess. Personally, I'd like for it to come up to, like, here. That actually is perfect right there. That's a nice flip zone, too.
So in the 4-hour exchange character, I want to find where that occurred. So we have that supply and demand flip right here. So it's like price came into a ban. So I'm actually going to set alerts for this. Good luck. I'm going to have this on my watch list. I need to add it. Yeah, I'm trying to go back into premium and it's a fucking short. Yeah. Yeah, you got that 4-hour. It's looking rough for sure.
let's go bitcoin doing yep that's a distribution hasn't really let's see if it broke an internal low no it needs to break down from here it's equal to nasdaq starting to break down finally this bitcoin shorts about to pay my bills this month if it if it goes to full tp i'm about to i'm getting really close to where i'm going to start risking two percent but um on my like finance and stuff but i'm not really feeling it yet
because bro if you you just take less trades and you just hit only if you're only using four hour poi selection and use 15 minute for confirmation like don't worry about all the other stuff as long as you hit like one of those bitches literally like one a month bro like you're you're with crypto you are like solid more than solid yeah my boy tyler he trades uh he's been trading forex since i made my ftmo account like beginning of the pandemic um
He just swing trades, bro. Just daily charts only. He does. He wakes up at London Open, clicks open his phone, looks at the charts. I have his watch list. If any of those charts have a move on the four hour, he'll take it. If not, he'll go back to sleep.
right all he trades is the four-hour chart and his biggest win was like i think like 800 000 on a swing hell yeah and but it wasn't like a prop account it was his personal money right it was crazy it was oh yeah it's breaking down let's go
I've been like a couple people DM me. One person DM me yesterday and somebody DM me today about like AXS. Like apparently they've got some kind of fundamental shit going on. I don't know. But people keep asking me about if I should short it. But I'm just like I said, I'm really like leaning towards only trading Bitcoin and Ethereum. And I'm kind of weaning myself off of futures and moving towards MT4 because.
i'm trying to just familiarize myself with the platform one thing i will say about mt4 that i've figured out mang actually made this point to me because you know me i'm a limit guy like i like limits like i like waiting for like you can but it's annoying because i've been and mang was like bro what the fuck you're a psycho how do you been doing i was like oh well i just look at the 15-minute structure here and i have my phone and then i just mouse over the same candle and i figure out it's open high low close and then add the spread
He was like, bro, you're a fucking maniac. I was like, wait, is that not what everybody's doing? He was like, fuck no. Well, that's what we do. But the problem is that the broker can see where your orders are. And the way that their platform works on the back end, they can flush those. Oh, yeah, of course. So because of that, like.
you can check uh it's like trying mt4 is like by bit and then using anything else is like using finance like we both know like i don't know if you've seen those five candles there they're like ten dollars more on bitcoin
So, like, if you set a limit sell and you don't count for, like, a $10 to $20 spread, you'll get whipped out, like, immediately. You'll get in and out of your position. And it does that on MT4. Like, I've seen it happen where I'm sitting here trading futures, like NASDAQ. It happened to me at the beginning of the month when it was, like, really volatile. I was in a 15 lot on the NASDAQ.
You could go back on the NASDAQ and see the candles. The exact thing bullshit I'm talking about. Like on the June 15th.
It was just like red candle, red candle, and then huge green engulfing candle, and then huge red candle, and then huge green candle. I'm like, what the fuck? I got whipped out on a position. Oh, like this shit right here? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no, for sure. The spread, it's just like any kind of, I mean, they, you know, especially whenever you're using like, say, I don't know, a funded counter. Really not even the funded, I think. I think it's in there.
You'll see that, hopefully at least, I would think less on them than a regular Forex broker. Because other Forex brokers, they make money more off that. But in essence, like FTMO, yeah, they might get your deposit or something. But most of the time, people have got their deposit back. But yeah, the volatility can definitely fuck you with the spreads. For crypto especially, I'm talking more about Forex. Crypto, I wouldn't ever try to do that. Not with low time rates. I don't really trade crypto on my MT4.
I don't know how your main do it. I'm a little too weary on that. Here's the system that works best. Just like, for instance, even if I have like a 0.5% or like, you know, $50 stop loss, I just don't use that. You know what I'm saying? I just use a wider one. You know what I mean? So it's like if you have a 300K account.
you can open a 15 lot and have a $200 stop loss and you're risking 1%. So it's like that, that system I feel like works better than trying to like, you know, really get fine tuned in this and you know what I'm saying? Or just if you're going to have a stopwatch, but just watch trading view and if price starts, this is where I don't want to endorse this to people because I don't want people who won't follow this, but you can use like a mental, you know, but people you have to have been.
You know how bad that can go for some people. Oh, yeah. They'd be like, oh, yeah, easy. I'll just stop out whenever. And then they're like negative 80K. They're like, oh, it's coming back down, dude. Another one that's looking really good right now is Euro Pad. I think it was. I was looking at it. Or I think it might have played out already. It was a fat short. Like fat short.
Oh yeah, it already played out. Damn, I missed that. Two hour on EuroCAD, bro. I'm so mad right now. I forgot to set an alert on the channel. What was it? You're trying to long it? You missed a long or you're trying to short it? I was trying to short to long. Like the short already played out? Yeah, it already played out. That short and then it was going to go long.
Should I look like a short right now? I mean, I don't know if I'd take it here, but you just ran. It depends how this closes, but... Maybe US CAD might show up for... Yeah, I was watching that for shorts, too. I don't know. I guess so, like, when I'm in, like... When I hit that Bitcoin, bro, like, there's some part of me that doesn't even, like... Like, I still am looking at shit, but I just am not, like...
I won't say lazy, but I don't want to just keep trading, which I think is a good thing. You know what I'm saying? But I'll hit something like that, and I'm just like... I see Celeste, and I'm like, it's not perfect enough. But no, I like this stone right here. Because it's like, you came in this stone over here, and you ran all of these highs right here. So if we start to see Unreal Demon Time, you know, you might have already shorted this, which I wouldn't have done it like that. Yeah, no, I would wait for it to come down the channel.
I'd rather wait and miss it. Yeah, for sure. Like, for here, for me, like, for instance, if Price, like, did this number, like, we're in this zone, even if it, like, if this candle made a new high, like, the candle we're in right now, if it made a new high, why does it keep, there we go, if it made a new high and then came down and took the low, like, I'd short it there, but I wouldn't do it until then. Yeah, the other one's setting up nicely. Because this shit's... It's gonna fucking free fall. Yeah, I know, I was talking about that shit in the stream yesterday.
I got stopped on a trade yesterday, but it was like super tight stop. I still have an alert right here. It had a nice reaction off of that OB right there. I was looking at a larger time frame. I was looking at the four hour chart.
i want that order block to break to the downside but you know this right here what to do yeah yeah that's i have that alert so i was like if this flips because i had it set before i was like because this is a flip zone like a motherfucker but if that breaks down like it's going down this looks like if you look at the daily bro it looks like massive like daily like distribution and then look at all the liquidity like this the weekly lows the daily low and then also we push back into this daily zone and the weekly pullback like if we look at the weekly
You know, it's in pullback mode, but we're getting up to that zone where it's like, dude, this is our flip zone right there. That's like literally the flip zone that pushed us down so we could see that weekly pullback end and you catch some crazy moves. We'll catch it down to the OB at 127 on the 4-hour minimum. Bro, if I swear to this shit, I swear to God, I would take a lot there, but I would take it all the way down to fucking $1.20. I swear, but I mean, but not like...
You know, I'd be out 50% or more of my position. Oh, yeah, for sure. But, yeah, like, that's one thing I've gotten better at, too, like, is not, like, selling shit too early. Because there's a fine line between degenning and then, like, being, like, too aggressive. Be that guy, like, people are going to, now that people hear me say that, they're going to be like, oh, yeah, I'm holding till full TP all the time.
No, that's not what I'm saying. But what I'm saying is like, if you have a narrative built out that, you know, gives you the framework of your trade, like don't get in the trade and then take profits. And like, you know, if you're framing a weekly trade swing setup, like I see people do this, they'll sell like this and then like price moves like.
20, 30 pips are like, I'm out, I'm out. Because they see that big-ass number. That's why another thing, I always keep talking about how I want TradingView to have trading on it, but I swear that would be bad for people. Imagine if every time you're charting, your P&L was right here. It does have it, you just have to use one of the platforms that offer it. No, that's what I mean for Binance. That would be horrible. I thought I would like it, but I know it wouldn't be good for a lot of people.
probably myself a couple tests before they let you use that yeah because it's like you just see your pino you just take it immediately every time i was paper trading on trading view for a little bit and like i just was no i was like god this is just engineered like literally like if you open a trade like i did on bitcoin a couple times i was open i was open like 100 lots on bitcoin just to see what it looked like and it was crazy bro
Bro, platinum was insane. I'm still big bull on platinum. But the thing with FDMO, I don't know about the actual account, but the trial they have, bro, the contract size is only one. So, like, every one lot is just one platinum. I think that's how it is for mine. Yeah, fuck that, bro. I won't even trade that shit. That kind of sucks, but whatever. I think I have to do two more trades this month, and then it'll be pay. Pay months on it. Gold's going to be a nice short soon.
yeah i wanted it to be a long first but yeah i don't know about longing like i was telling flow i was like bro there's so many other things that you can trade other than gold like there's so many like gold isn't unless you have a port like the ftmo port is cool but you can take a fat loss
yeah like this morning um i forgot jerry was trying to short gold and it had like that fucking huge boner candle to the upside i was like oh my god i wouldn't have touched gold speaking the stops on that shit is crazy yeah your position
The position side is going to be so small because the contract size on gold is 100 on almost every broker. The flow is like, oh, I got in off of 15 seconds. I was like, bro, it doesn't matter. I just started putting up articles so he can see how JP Morgan has gotten sued year over year over year for manipulating gold prices. Yeah, gold's weird. I mean, I'm not against trading it, but I'm picky with it. I've been watching it for...
I don't even know now, a week or so. And since I posted about it, I think in Forex Ideas, but I've been watching and I just still haven't even touched it because I'm so, like, not rushing to trade gold. Like, gold is like Satan to me. Like, I've made some good money off gold, but I know, like, what you're saying, it's just like, it can fucking annihilate you. But you can make good-ass money off that shit.
Yeah, if you happen to be on the right side of the manipulation, you'll fucking kill it. Like, you'll never see a P&L go up so fast like you've seen it on goal. But if you're on the wrong side, oof. And then the thing is that with that, there is no smart money concepts because they trade it differently. Like, it's not that JPMorgan doesn't trade it smart money.
They use other macro indicators to move in and out of their funds. They just manipulate it to take all those people's money. It's crazy. Yeah. What's NQ doing? NQ is putting in a slight green candle. I'm waiting for it to come down to this fair value gap. Possibly take some longs there to see if it'll... I want this shit to dump.
yeah i wanted it to dump too like look at that because it's like bro that's like bitcoin that's the zone that i had but pal kept talking and i was like yo this is just not healthy bro like i just don't know how like if you look at the 15 minute bro it's just that's the most unhealthy up move i've ever seen in my fucking life he's such a capaholic bro pal oh motherfuckers like the u.s economy is very healthy
He said the banks are stronger, and I was like, bro, shut the fuck up. It's like, I'm sure the bank is probably strong. They always are strong because they get bailed out. Like, the fuck does that mean? I'm looking at the fair value gap at $11,536 to $11,556. Because the market's bullish.
He just started talking. He just stopped talking. He just now stopped talking. He talked this whole fucking time? Yeah. So when he talks, he's not necessarily talking. He's getting questioned by Congress. Yeah, yeah. So they're hammering him with fucking questions. And the one thing that he's good at doing is playing like...
He's like the avatar with water. His waterbending skills are amazing. Yeah, no, he is. Oh, we do not comment on such and such policy. Oh, we do not comment on legislative policy. I was like, what the fuck, nigga? What do you mean you don't comment on this shit? Bro. We're relying on you. He bent something in that last couple minutes, it looks like, by looking at NQ. He said something somebody didn't like.
This is like a phallic. I swear, bro. It's crazy how you can literally paint the manipulation chart. Literally, what happened here? The elite and the large funds are like, yeah, all these stupid-ass fucking retails are going to buy the fuck out of this shit. It's like induced lawns. Dude, and it literally induces them right to a fucking supply zone, clears a high. Everyone's like, we're breaking out. Oh my god. Holy fuck. And then it's like, bro, just dumped on.
it could continue to upside who knows i'm talking too early but if this does just break down because really right here i mean theoretically depending on what happened first here like i want to see if this happened first so if we go to like a one minute um okay so the high did happen first so there was a change of character and this is like nope i'm kind of aggressive with this like a lot of people i look at it from like state like so okay if i'm looking okay if in real time you know if i was back here
And I had the candle next to me break this high. Well, that's my new low. Even if it breaks high and the same candle breaks down, you know, which is what happened. We don't know. You can't see that here. But if we look at the one minute, I can draw that line. Okay. From the bottom of this, what happened? We broke up. So then we broke down. So that's your bearish change of character. So like here would be your supply zone. And for me, it'd be the fractal wick on this there. Or you could just use all of it.
It looks not good, which is what I want. I was trying to catch longs from that level down there to that fractal supply up there. I want, like, max pain across all markets today. What did he say? Oh, he said something about... J-PAL said, the world of stablecoins lacks the necessary regulatory scheme. We need a framework for stablecoins and other digital assets.
GG's. Dump it, JPow. Dump it. There we go. That's what we talked to this morning. Redistribution. Literally, people that aren't even on the server could just tune into these streams every day and save themselves from getting fucked in so many ways. I swear. Because you know people were logging this. Right here. Like, oh, we're pumping. We're reversing.
I still see a couple potential reversal zones, but to me, this is picture-perfect to ask if the four-hour pullback is over. Because market structure leads us to target this low down here.
Because I saw a lot of people targeting this demand zone, and I have a PTP there, but I wasn't taking full there because I just don't get... It's like, okay, this was internal structure break, and we had demand. But when we really look at it, what demand...
really caused that was this flip zone and it already got satisfied. I took a long off that shit. So it's like, I don't know why we're longing from here, like thinking we're going to just totally reverse. Like it might, but it just, it kind of is counterintuitive to the strategies we're using because if you're using demand and you're using market structure and then market structure is telling you we're going for this low.
You know if you reversed you know now we could just accumulate and you know you could see a reversal there But I would need price to go down there and then like change bullish in the four hour for me to really take that level any with any kind of seriousness Oh, yeah, this shit is fucking dumping tp3 is about to clap
Yo, that position I have on the fucking trial, I haven't even trimmed it. I just moved my stops up to entry instead of taking it. And I swear though, but my Binance position I trimmed just to de-risk because I was pretty heavy. But I'm not taking... I'm going to hold on to it for right now. Because the last move I took...
up here this trade i took most of it way too fucking early i mean it was still an amazing trade but that was literally like you could i could have caught that lower high i stayed in like i caught this and then it didn't stop me out over here like it came like a look how close this show is bro
it was like literally it was like pennies away or like a dollar or something you know it was a couple bucks and then but what i did though whenever price came down and took this low again i took all of it i took all right there and i was like bro you're a fucking idiot like why did you just do that you know what i mean like it's like what the fuck were you like because i literally targeted this was my target and i just should have just held it and it would have been like you know fuck bro that's from it was 25r would have been
You know, 38R. That's why this time I did catch shorts down here when we were down towards his weekly equal lows. But so this time, if, you know, my bias is correct, I think that's what's occurring here. Yo, Casper. What's good?
Oh, is that my boy Scorpion? Yeah, Scorpion. Everybody fell asleep over there? Yeah, yeah. I went to get my food up in the kitchen, and that's where the food is. Anyway, I went in the kitchen, and then my mom was just in, so I was just chatting with my mom. Hell yeah. And then I totally forgot. I was like, oh shit. Yo, A-U-D-J-P-Y, I better not fucking do this right now.
Oh, my God. Why is it doing this right now? I mean, I know another superpower is buying the yen to dump it into Japanese bonds. So don't worry. It'll fucking die soon. That's the craziest shit. Have you been watching that shit? Yeah. Like, bro. I think it's the yield chart. I need the yield chart.
with the Y. Literally, bro. Look at that. That's literally what's happening. That's why the Yen pairs are going to get real fucked up here real quick. Is this daily chart broken? Wait, hold on. Oh, never mind. Yeah, this shit is fucked, bro. Like, absolutely fucked.
monthly you're in that supply zone but it's i don't necessarily i'm just plotting that for fun with bonds this is more fundamental you know you haven't seen this kind of movement momentum um in a long time or actually really saw on this chart so we see like
You know, big bonds, bonds, the yields of bonds rising 250%, you know, in two years or three years. We've seen them rise, but it's like, look at that. It's like 50% or like, you haven't seen this like this before. It's always, this was like the worst before that. That was 2013.
And for those of you watching, what these indicate, countries and, you know, large economic powers, whether it's governments or, you know, just the whales of real life, I guess you'd say, they're hedging their investments into risk-off assets because they think the world is going into a risk-off state, a.k.a., you know, kind of like a recession-type vibe or moving into that. So, you know, currencies like the yen are used. That's why the yen's been dumping so much as they're used.
by other you know countries because these bonds have to be bought in yen and these bonds are known as some of these safest assets uh or safest investments um for you know large investors um during times of unrest so when you start to see this um you know each day there's four hour candles here that are 90 90 or 80 like what the is going on it's insanity
This is another pair. This is another thing you can use to determine that. Algo has actually gone into this quite a few times and explains it well. We have the franc that investors flock to because of their economy is a little more hands-off from all the bullshit that other economies deal with, and they're a little more independent. The franc is seen as a store of value. If you see the US dollar against the franc dumping, that means the franc is stronger than the dollar, which we see in this distribution up here.
back in may we talked about this on stream and then i just completely fumbled and didn't have an alert set um and then you know we saw what happened but i still have alerts set here this actually looks pretty good like we might see this move a little bit because especially if um money starts flowing out of assets it goes into the dollar and dxy gets stronger we might see this gap get filled and get some more opportunities here um i'm actually going to set an alert at the bottom of this last daily candle too
use some ict logic because the way he does order box is so weird like he used like the bottom wick of like the last or like one of the up candles like that's how he'll do it it's weird like he would use like something like this and it'd be a break around a low time frame but um i'm looking to swing some shorts in this soon i bet you didn't want a tp i was talking about weed inflation how it hasn't hit yet i think we're engineering more sell side here if we push up to the upside let's see
This looks like low time redistribution like this is like the same pattern we saw like in the four hour a lot of times we have like that massive move up push back down push up and everything's for bullishly just Just literally it's like something just sniped a fucking bird out of the sky If we go back to the four hour, we saw this or one hour price show up better. He said this a lot
Like this right here. It's this same schematic right there. So you push down here. Let's actually just draw. I'm just curious. I'm going to draw a fractal. I haven't drawn a fractal in a while. I used to be all about these. So if you look at that, that's like a pretty good redistribution schematic. I'm just curious. That's at one hour from Bitcoin back in, you know, wherever the fuck that was. Like April or March or something. I'm just curious to what this will look like. You see that the similarities. Maybe you do, maybe you don't. But we have that.
Price coming down or engineering liquidity, leaving the supply that pushed us down. And then we see this massive run up. It's like that arch. You move up and then you come up and test. That's kind of like right here. Might look better if I was on a different time frame too. This is probably a little clearer. Oops.
all right there it's a little different and nothing's gonna be perfect but if you see we have that arch we engineer that by side right there people think this is our breakout limit pushes up but we're just pushing it an old zone of supply so if you go back to the one hour and you look at that zone that we just drew that from that was over right here yeah that's on the supply it's the same thing this is very similar hopefully we get this action seems like we kind of already have a little bit on that 15 minute
Nice move away from it so we can see where price is moving. You need to always pay attention. Where is price moving violently away from? Those are levels you want to watch at displacement. On that note, I'm going to hop off here. Probably no new trades for me today. I have some Forex alerts set, but there's no need to force stuff. We're already up and saying off these shorts. If you have any questions, just at me, DM me, whatever. If not, I'll see you tomorrow. Peace.
Bye.
