Hey, what's up everybody who's watched on YouTube? This was a live stream at the time of recording. So if you want to fast forward five minutes in, that's when the video will start. Because I gotta wait for my Discord to get in here. What's up, what's up? I'm gonna grab some coffee. I'm gonna give it till 7.05 and then I'll get started. That way everybody has a little bit of time to get in. I know it's kind of late in the evening. What's up, Batman?
Oh shoot, I got my mic on. I'm good though, bro. How are you? Shit, I'm doing great, man. It's been kind of looking at everything as a whole. I'll go over all of it obviously in depth, but it's going to be pretty interesting. Pretty interesting stream. Alright, bro. I'm here.
I know you guys are probably watching this, like, what the fuck chart is this? For some reason, I can't find this ticker, an accurate visual of it on TradingView. But I think it's because I have to buy a CME package on TradingView that I don't have, which I might end up getting. I know that there's actually packages on TradingView you can get that give you...
more on-time feeds of futures markets or commodities because a lot of them are actually delayed by that 10 minutes or certain things like inflation rates. So like that, you have a weird chart looking at it. You have to buy more access of certain things. What's this chart right here? This is the 30-year treasury bond futures. I would say it's 30-year bonds.
monthly chart. Also, what's up Honk on YouTube and everybody else that's on YouTube. Give it another minute that way. I try to give an exact amount of time that way people that are watching this later on can fast forward and not have to wait through silence. Sorry, you guys have to.
What's up, Casper? How's your day going? It's going great, bro. How about you? That's good. Well, we're alive. Yeah. Well, that matters. All right. It's 7.05, so I'm going to go ahead and get started.
I know that, myself included, I think everybody has been super, super bearish for so long, and rightfully so. And currently at this point, most market structure on higher timeframes is bearish across almost anything that is denominated by the U.S. dollar.
At some point, you do have to assess everything, in my opinion, in order to be versed enough to expect when that trend comes to an end. Or even if it doesn't come to an end on the super high time frames, like the daily or the weekly, when we will get a nice relief bounce.
Oftentimes, due to the delivery of contracts, futures contracts, every quarter we will see either an extended period of sideways movement on the dollar or just major markets such as the stock market, commodities market.
bonds market, or you'll see an outright reversal. Now, the consolidation, it can be accumulation or distribution for a reversal in the next quarter after, or it can be just a redistribution or reaccumulation for a continuation of the current trend.
A lot of people, especially people that are in stocks, spend a lot of time doing fundamental analysis, such as earnings and really keeping up with the news and all of the numbers that come out with PMI and really basing their bias off of data that is released to us through
I personally would rather...
read that through charts. Because at the end of the day, I truly do believe that news, for the most part, is used to induce liquidity. Some people may think that's a little paranoid or tinfoil hat mindset, but to me, it makes sense. That's kind of what I think. I don't think that we're going to get it straight.
from you know these news outlets or especially the federal reserve or larger bodies that have a higher interest to keep the big funds satisfied i think that's just common sense so instead of using reports or news to give us our bias on the state of the macro um economic just outlook
I would rather look at it through charts. So what we're looking at is the 30-year treasury bond for the United States. What this is directly correlated to is interest rates.
So most of you probably know, but interest rates have a huge impact on financial markets. Whenever they go higher, markets don't like that because it is signaling to us that the world as a whole is going into more of a risk-off state.
As the interest rates decrease, we expect a bearish dollar, which means we expect markets or no risk assets such as stocks or crypto or commodities to increase. So whenever we're looking at the bond markets, what we're using this to determine is before we're using it to anticipate.
how the Fed is going to handle big problems or big issues such as inflation. And most of the time, they're going to do this by using interest rates. Now, of course, there is expected heights or hikes, and there is expected
You know, for the next FOMC or the next rate hike. Right. But no one really knows. And also over time, no one's going to have expectations for interest rates are going to be in three months from now. I mean, I'm sure somebody says there are people that have expectations, but not from a state where they're very, you know, super confident in it. Or maybe they've done enough homework to be able to do that. But what we can use is this chart.
for kind of an inverse of interest rates. So if the bond markets are rallying, that means that interest rates are decreasing. And you can see that here, starting back in 2018, you rallied all the way into 2020, right? And this is why I like using it as an indicator for what's going to happen. So look, as the bond markets were rallying,
into COVID, and this started back in 2018, as they rallied right into 2020. You see this March 2020, right when COVID hit, right when the COVID crashed. This could have given you a bias that the world was about to go into a...
heavy risk on state. That definitely happened, right? We saw that COVID, you know, the markets crashed. Now, this told you that was going to happen beforehand. Now, notice this is crashing with the COVID crash. But the important thing is that the interest rates told us, because the bonds markets were rallying, that we are going to expect a decrease in interest rates.
A decrease in interest rates gives us a bearish dollar. A bearish dollar gives us bullish qualities of any asset denominated by a dollar. So if the dollar is bearish, the stock market's bullish, crypto's bullish, pairs denominated by the dollar are bullish, and vice versa. If the bond markets fall, that's going to indicate an increase in interest rates in a bullish dollar.
Now, if we look here, just on a monthly chart, TA still works on interest rates. I wouldn't say to sit here and do TA on a 15-minute chart, but we can do TA on higher timeframes. I'm not really going to use supply and demand as much, but I am going to use order blocks.
So whenever we're looking here, where's our big area of liquidity or big area that needs to be mitigated? You could draw this a little higher, maybe if you wanted to draw it here or on this candle right here. I'm personally just going to draw this one. I like that candle. Price almost tapped into it. We might see a little bit more of a push down. But once price has moved very violently away from an area,
You know, we can determine that it's being drawn to something. Like we went over drawing liquidity kind of briefly in the last, I think it was the last stream maybe or a stream or two ago. And then I put that infographic out on it. You know, here we had this low that has now been taken out. And why is this not deleted? I guess I have to actually hit the delete button.
We had that low taken out. We've traded back into this order block back all the way from 2013.
Call of demand zone. I'm looking at it more from an order block perspective. I guess you could use this candle right here. Did we violate that low? We traded through this candle. With order blocks, I don't want it to trade through the body, especially on a higher time frame. So I would look for maybe price, not price, but theoretically price because these are futures. But anyways, I'm looking for this to go lower into this area. I don't care about this doji.
What this can indicate, if the bond markets are going to start rallying again, that could at some point indicate that we're going to have a bearish dollar. Now, we're not just going to say that we're for sure going to rally here. We don't know that.
Now, we can do TA and start to tell when we think this is going to occur, but we are in an area where price once expanded from super hard, and we've taken out a low. I'm not really going to use market structure in this. I mean, I guess you could say price came up. I don't think we closed up there, so then this would be your swing range. You might just be an equated rate. I'm not really looking at it from that perspective as much.
But the main thing here I just want to stress is that order block. Now, where is the next area of institutional sponsorship on a monthly chart? It's going to be just our last order block right there. Super, super big range. Huge range. So here, whenever price has moved this violently down and the bond markets are falling,
we are getting an indication that we might see a bullish dollar, right? Start to see a bullish dollar. Now, oftentimes with COVID, it kind of was, it was foretelling almost the future. Let's just throw, where is the way we can do this on this chart? Let's just throw the XY on here. So you can see that the,
Price of the dollar is correlated to it in an inverse manner. So like I was saying, the bond markets are falling. We're expecting interest rates to increase in a bullish dollar. So that's what we've seen. But if we start to see price of these bonds kind of do a 180 here, well, that could mean that we're going to have a bearish dollar.
And I think right now everybody is expecting a stock market crash like immediately, which we've already kind of really had a crash. And while I overall think we are going to be think the world's going to go through some pretty crazy stuff, I do see the potential for at the at the least a consolidation around this area. Now, like I said before, a consolidation.
could be maybe the dollar is being distributed, or it's going to be reaccumulated. Just because we're consolidating does not mean that we're going to just turn around and do 180. I'm not saying that just because we're in this order block, you could consolidate on it, and then that could fairly push back through it. But we are in an area where we can expect somewhat of a reaction. Another thing is if we take, we can draw this.
Let's do the quarters. So I just have to click it every time. It's at 2024. I need to zoom in. I can't see what they're saying down here. This is seven. This is four. That's right in the first place. So what I'm marking is just the quarters. That's all I'm marking. So you see here, price, we saw a reversal here. We saw an extended consolidation.
the last two quarters of last year. Now I've seen a super big expansion. Now, let's see. I'm going to go back a little bit. I'm actually curious. Oh, I'm not used to trading view where I can just click July, October. So price, and this is going to be on a monthly chart. Let's go in like a, maybe weekly to tell this a little bit clearer.
So we saw a pretty big extended. So we pushed up into this area. We saw an extended consolidation. You know what this was, was the dollar was distributing. We know that that obviously happened throughout COVID. The dollar was distributing into other assets. So when we see that happen.
I mean, it's kind of two plus two. I don't want to go into it and waste too much time. Dollar distributing, assets are accumulating. Smart money is accumulating assets and going to push them higher too because they're going to be net long at that point. So I think right now we can clearly see that everything's pushed down insanely. We've came down on that supply. So now we're into that demand or order block. I'm just so used to call it demand. So now I think for this quarter,
I think we're going to see some consolidation or possibly a reversal. Now, the dollar is super extended. I'm going to go on trading view now. Key takeaways from this is that the 30-year treasury bond market we can use as a benchmark for anticipating mortgage rates.
If the bond markets are rallying, we're expecting a decrease in interest rates and a bearish dollar. If the bond markets are falling, we're expecting increasing interest rates and a bullish dollar. You can see divergences here at times, and that will help you, just like we use divergences. I want to go over some smart money divergences later on, but that's the key takeaways from that. What is GJ doing?
I'm not going to get off topic, but JJ looks like she want to break down. So let's see dollar here on a daily chart. Now, if we're looking at on a monthly chart, huge order block just got put in here. So remember that just to go cover back this again.
The bond markets have been falling, so that's giving us a bullish dollar. So now if we're expecting an extended consolidation,
you know, where can we look? What kind of levels are we going to look for at the dollar? I think the clearest levels and the clearest way to do this is just to mark the most recent order block. And we just had, and I know that this isn't the best demands and you might look at it as a flip zone, whatever, but I'm just looking at as an order block. So we're just looking at a visualization of value, you know, entering the dollar. So we're looking at order blocks. We know that smart money is injecting value or
injecting their funds into the market on the down moves because they have to. So they have to in order for the liquidity to be there. So that's why we look for demand on down candles because smart money is buying into that down move. So what we're going to look at after we've established this order block we've expanded from, we're going to look to the left for any... Sorry, excuse me.
any order blocks that have a lower or a higher low than this candle right here so i'm going to give two scenarios so we have right here where's my horizontal line right here we could mark this and you can see price push up into because we're just marking the bottom of the order block if we want to mark it like a zone
We could just mark this whole area. So what we're looking for in that zone is a potential reversal, and we're looking for price to trade within these ranges. So I have a higher area marked as well, but looking at this monthly chart, the closest up candle that has a low higher than this candle's high, where it hasn't been mitigated, is going to be right here.
It's a long-ass time ago. It's from 2002, I know. But remember, prices fractal, charts are fractal. We're just using charts to view what's going on and where institutions are accumulating or distributing. So we know that at one time, there was heavy distribution from this area of the dollar into the market.
We're back at that level. Remember, we're using multiple different confluences here. We have our bonds. Bond market is also at an order block. Not from as long ago, but which means we could expect extended consolidation or reversal. We're at the beginning of a quarter. Right after the worst two quarters in the last 50 years, the S&P 500.
Everybody is bearish as shit right now. I've been bearish for a long time. I'm not saying I'm just super bullish, but I am starting to...
to see a bull case across really anything denominated by the dollar. Now, it may be short-term. It may be just a couple months. It may take a couple months, right? I haven't really got the confirmation I need. The confirmation I need is going to be viewing price up in this zone. Let me make this where I can see it. So I know it's kind of a lot of stuff.
I'm going to rewatch this if some of it's not making sense. But key takeaway here is the dollar is at an area of supply. For those of you who want to look at it like that, yes, we're above the line, but we're still in this zone. Just like whenever we're trading, we don't just bet the farm on anything just because we're in a POI. We're going to watch price action as we get into this area. Notice this is going to take a while. This is a weekly chart. So don't expect it to be overnight.
You know, whenever we're looking at the dollar, if you looked at any other chart that wasn't the dollar, you know, we could say that we are due for a retracement. I think that, you know, most people can agree. And even if it's just in this zone, even if we kind of start to distribute up in here, you know, we start to.
Just like anything else, if you're looking to short something, we might just come back into this zone. Now, that could take a long time. If you look, this is already back in 2024. Now, what could happen? Or we reaccumulate and absorb that so-called supply and then expand up to the next area. But with the bonds where they're at, and I think where overall sentiment, everybody in the world wants a stock market crash. Everybody in the world wants everything to go to zero, which, you know.
At some point, we're probably going to see a huge retracement in a lot of stuff. I'm not saying we're not. But I do see room for relief. And this is just using macroeconomic confluences. And we're still using price action. We're still using the same principles that we use whenever we're trading. But we're just using them on different charts. Because all we're using a chart for is to view.
value accumulating or distributing in a market so another thing I want to go over today because I think it can help a lot of you guys and you can use this on any time frame I personally just really use on the higher time frames like one hour or above and move this out of the way so whenever we have an asset let's do an EU doing this earlier
Is that a four hour? Let's do a one hour to make it a little clearer.
Whenever we, and a lot of you guys, including myself, we used to trade different ways and we used to use a lot of divergences. So to some of you guys, this would be easier to catch than others. But really a divergence is just, it's a divergence. It's a difference. So if we're looking at the DXY, you can use USDX for this as well. What you're looking at is the strength index of the dollar. If we're trading something that has USD at the end of it, you're going to see
correlation between these two charts. For instance, if the dollar is making higher highs, well something denominated by it should be making lower lows. If we see a higher high in a currency and a higher low in the dollar, we can say that pair is being distributed and that higher high is just a run on liquidity.
Or vice versa. If we see a lower high or lower low in a currency and also a lower high in the dollar, we can say that pair is being accumulated.
So one thing on here that I'm starting to keep an eye on, and this isn't, I want to be very clear. This is not something you should just trade off of or say, okay, we have a smart money divergence. I'm going long or short. You should use it as a compliment to your TA. I don't want you to do that, you know, learn this and like go ballistic with it and get married to this technique, but it can be super helpful if you use it correctly.
If we have, so we see here on the dollar, price failed to make a higher high, but we saw a lower low in the same time period on this currency. So what that could tell us, and remember this is just a one hour chart, this doesn't mean EU is going to the moon, doesn't mean that.
What it could tell us, because when we're looking at accumulation or distribution, and the reason I don't use schematics and I don't really incorporate a ton of Wyckoff logic, I don't think there's anything wrong with it. I think it's great. But I think that I just want to use more of the meat on the bone with it. What is the purpose of using it? It's just to tell if these moves in price to the downside are just raids. For instance, when you see a spring,
Wyckoff logic is telling you that that spring is just a run on liquidity and smart money is accumulating an asset under that low. What we can use this for is to give ourselves a little more confidence in that. So for instance, right here.
You know, if I had TA on EU, that was more bullish. I was super bullish on EU. I haven't really been doing a lot of TA on it. I actually took a trade earlier today, just a super scalp on it. But I haven't been doing like a lot of macro analysis on it. But, you know, we're on a one hour chart. So if we're starting to see a lower high and this confirms and we've moved down and the dollar retraces more.
Which we're starting to see it. You know, if you're using internal structure, we haven't really gotten any confirmation yet. I would say that really here is your internal low. And then say like maybe here, you can be more aggressive. I guess you're kind of starting to break up on your dollar. But I wouldn't, for this, I would be more interested up here.
But if you start to see, you know, newly introduced demand under these old lows being respected and the dollar is making lower highs, then you might say, OK, well, euro dollar is starting to get accumulated by smart money. Now, that is not to be like, again, don't just long off that or don't just use this alone. Use it with TA. You can use this on lower time frame charts as well. I personally.
have found more success using it on a one-hour, four-hour chart. Or I guess you could use it on a daily as well for long-term analysis. But I know some people use it on the lower timeframes. I just think it's too much noise for me. Because once you establish your higher timeframe bias, you don't really need it, in my opinion. But you can use it however you want and see if it works for you.
Just like anything, the formula that we're using works across all timeframes, but with higher timeframes, you're going to have higher confluences. So another thing that I want to touch on, I'm kind of going into why I think we are possibly due for a little relief, along with everything we've already gone over. Yes, let's look at, I'm going to just delete everything off this chart. It's weird, it said the number of drawings. It's new.
So on ES, let's do a similar kind of the order block theory we're using to kind of find this monthly price delivery range.
So we're going to look as we're making lower internal highs and lows. We're going to look for the most recent bearish order block. If we're bearish, we're going to look for the most recent candle body. We're not going to use the wicks. It's not supply and demand. It's more order block theory. So we're going to mark out that level right there. 436 or 4367 on ES. This is SPY. For those of you watching that don't keep up with ES, this is just the futures for the S&P 500.
What you're going to do after that is you're going to look for the most recent bullish order block that has a lower high than the low of this candle. So if we look over to the left, right there. So notice, and this is why I want to do this stream, and again, I'm not saying I'm just gigabole. I'm not going to be just insane saying we're going to the moon. And over time, I think we're probably going to remain bearish if you're talking about from a macro perspective.
I don't think the worst is yet to come is basically what I'm saying. But I do see a correlation between our bonds chart, the price is trading back into this bullish order block. We have a huge range to go. What does that mean if this starts to rally? The dollar starts to fall. If the dollar starts to fall, what does that mean for stocks? That means the stocks are going to rally. So now we're at that monthly order block here. We're just using this from a price delivery range.
Now, none of this is set in stone. This is not, you know, just saying for sure we're going to move. But we did see a nice little reaction here. We did trade through the order block there, the body. I think it went maybe made equal lows. We did through it.
And that's okay. I'm not super concerned with that. Now, of course, we're going to use other TA to coach us through this. So if we're looking at a daily chart on ES, we have our swing range here. So here was your break of structure. We're bearish. That's understood.
So we're looking at where we're at now. We did just come up and fill this imbalance. So we did kind of meet the most recent draw on liquidity. That's our imbalance. There's a lot of buy side liquidity left in this imbalance. So we could see a possible short term reversal. But just from a perspective of market structure, what do we have right here? Because like price.
Came down. We got our break of structure. Price traded back into a premium. Didn't really fill a gap, but traded back into a premium. We moved down, but it failed to come take out this low so far. Now, this could all change. Again, we're going to use our lower timeframes to complement this macro perspective. The macro perspective is just to give you...
a way to look at things. It's not meant to frame an exact trade over, but it is meant to be kind of like in your head whenever you're navigating the market. So if we're looking here, we have this in what we're anticipating to be a weak high. Now we are in four hour supply, right? Got that four hour candle. We failed the imbalance. So we could expect a little bit of a retracement down.
If we start to see that and we clear under these lows, you know, we could maybe reverse down here. Who knows? We could just come down and take the low out. Now, if we notice the four hour is bullish, right? We're looking at just the four hour. We've got bullish structure here. The four hour, this is your swing high. It's your swing low down here. You see price came down into a discount.
Came down into this demand zone. Didn't really satisfy all the imbalances, though. This is where I really wanted price to go, and we could still see price come down into this area. But we came down into a discount, and we started to see, you know, how do we determine when a pullback is beginning and ending? We use a change of character. So there we got our bearish change of character. It definitely was valid. We came down, came into a discount, and then what do we see? Price came up and took the high.
I had a new demand, new demand was respected. And I'll admit it's been while we're creating a ton of equal lows and inducing a lot of retail longs, but those retail longs are printing right now. But what I'm seeing more is this newly introduced demand is being respected so far. Now, maybe it could be just to push us up in this area. If we reverse here and we start to see a four-hour change of character.
You know, not a 15-minute change of character here is just going to lead me to short down and to fill these imbalances. I would not go off personally. I would not just use this 15-minute change of character to say,
going down into the dirt. And the reason is I use the four hour as my high time frame. We look at the daily and the weekly, but what's the monthly telling us? That monthly is telling us that we just traded into a monthly order block and saw a bullish reaction off of it. So the four hour is bullish, and that's telling me to target this week high.
Now, I could see the shorts from here. I'm not saying I don't. I could definitely see price retracing from here, even maybe coming and taking out the lows. But in order for me to look for that, I'm going to need a four-hour change of character. That four-hour internal structure is going to need to get taken, which for me is pretty far away. Now, we might form more structure, and that 15-minute short might hit. But for me, I'm leaning more towards this weak high getting taken. Now, another thing that we can look at.
On the daily chart, whenever we had this daily change of character, what else did we create right here? This isn't using demand. Oops, wrong tool. This is just using order block theory. It is demand as well. It's the last down candle before move. But what did we see was created right on this old monthly order block, a daily order block.
Price comes in and expands, moves rapidly away from it. Drawn liquidity was this imbalance, but you can also look at it like this high. The imbalance is really the closest one. So I could see maybe price turn around here, come take these equal lows, but then we have that demand right under it. And that's oftentimes what you're going to see in times like this is going to be max pain. It's going to be max manipulation, choppy trading, especially for those who aren't.
good at understanding structure or the principles of weak highs and lows and liquidity, but that's overall what I'm seeing now. If we look at the weekly chart, we've removed so much sell-side liquidity, right? So much. Cleared that, saw a weak reaction, came down, cleared this low, cleared these equal lows. I think that this was our weekly draw on liquidity, personally, after we cleared this.
Now, where was that just under that monthly order bar? It's just so much stuff is kind of aligning to me that I'm now looking at it like, hmm, you know, and if this week, if we do manage to close this week, which we're most likely going to above this low, I would look at this from, you know, more of an ICT logic that this was going to be considered a swing low.
Theoretically, it really already is because we have one candle to the left. And this is not for swing structure. It's just, I think actually it is swing structure, but it didn't have to be swing structure. It's just one candle that has a candle to the left of it with a higher low and two to the right with higher lows. So after that occurs, I'm going to look for the next weekly drawn liquidity because we've satisfied one, price reacted to it. Where is the next one? It's all the way up here, 420 or 4200 for ES.
Right. That's a far ways away. And that's the weekly. This is not saying we're going to moon straight there. It's not saying that at all. But that would be the weekly draw on liquidity at this point. So I'm starting to see things from a little bit more of a bullish perspective. And if if you have, you know.
I know some of you guys are versed in some of this stuff too. I'm open to any contrary suggestions. I find it super interesting. And I'm not dead set on saying I'm right for sure or anybody else is wrong. But I am starting to look at it from this perspective. And those of you know in the Discord, we've been shorting our fucking hearts out forever. I know there's been a lot of nice longs recently, but everybody's been just like...
Anytime anything pumps, we're just ready to short it, which it's been working great. But with the new quarter, we have new expectations. We expect at least after a big expansion, we expect that consolidation or reversal.
Yeah, I'm expecting more of a consolidation. Now, other macroeconomic factors could be a catalyst to some of this. For instance, if the war in Ukraine expands, which I don't even want to talk about or think about, that's an awful thought, but things like that could definitely be a catalyst for any of this to be accelerated or violated. But I also think that a lot of this kind of stuff can...
help us tell certain economic occurrences before they happen or as they're happening before you're aware they're happening through news or other things now one thing i do want to go over with crypto too i know a lot of you guys have been waiting on this let me just do like bitcoin usd on coinbase i want to mark up my other charts so we're looking at bitcoin now oh do we actually come up into this range
Oh, no, it didn't. So right now, the four-hour area I'm looking at, just to kind of let you guys know, right here. You've got these relatively equal highs right here. They're actually exactly equal, I think. And then you've got a four-hour imbalance up here. Along with the same logic we're just using on SPY, we have a weak high here because, yes, we're bearish. Here is our swing. The price came down.
and failed to take out the low with respect to this demand after this imbalance filled. Price moves up. Now we're moving towards that draw on liquidity. Where was that on the daily chart? I originally was looking at this level as the first area just because it was a very clean high, but we see that we pushed drastically through that. Now we're close to this area. Now I will say out of all the asset classes,
Crypto, I have, I guess, less confidence in than like the stock market. But I do know as well that if we see the stock market rally, probably going to see crypto rally. So let's go back on a monthly and we'll use that same order block theory to get a range on Bitcoin. Now, don't get frightened by this. That's what we're looking at.
the main huge range, 12,000 to 43,000, right? This is where we really started to, I think it's actually 11 something, 11, 655. Now I'm not saying we're going straight for 11, 655. That's not at all what I'm saying, but I'm going to mark those out just so you can see that. So now we can say, and you can use premium discount with any range. We are in a discount of that range.
So looking to just go straight there at this point, it's possible. But along with all the other macroeconomic factors, especially that we're going into a new quarter after the worst performing first half of the year the S&P has ever seen, and along with Bitcoin for sure, it's probably the worst more than a year, or not more than a year, more than half a year for Bitcoin. But when we look at the weekly chart,
We are moving away, and I just want to show you guys what I mean whenever a swing high. So let's look right here. So we had that one candle that had a, and this is a swing high, same stuff. Like I was saying, a swing low is a candle. It's the inverse of this, but we have a candle to the left of it with a lower high and two candles to the right with a lower high. So at that point, you're going to look for the most obvious areas of liquidity.
So everybody knew with Bitcoin, huge weekly equal lows, right? Now we took those. I want you to notice how many up candles did we have before we took that? Not a single one.
Now, I wouldn't use this on less than a daily chart, just the daily and the weekly, really. But it works very well if you do it correctly. That's something you can easily mess up and use the wrong draw on liquidity, right? And if we look beforehand, like let's look before. So what was the draw on liquidity back here? This imbalance. We formed a swing low right there. Where did price go for? Right for that imbalance. Then what happened?
Price for another swing high now, where are we going most clear area and we know what happened after that delete this But after we went through that we saw another swing high form We saw this failed to form a swing low a new swing high now. Where was the next drawn liquidity? It's gonna be that imbalance right there. Oh Now we're starting to show some strength. We've filled that imbalance
Again, this is weirdly aligning with the time we're at. What do I mean by imbalance? A fair value gap. So if you have a candle right here that moves very rapidly and it leaves a gap right here, there's no wicks. We have a wick right there and a wick over here. There's no wicks. If you see other candles like this, the wicks came in and they absorbed all that liquidity.
And when price moves this fast away, there are orders, usually large orders, left in this imbalance of price. Every time you see this, you're going to see at some time, price trade back into it. It's an area of liquidity. So we satisfied that weekly drawn liquidity, and we're starting to show strength. And you guys know I've been super fucking bearish on crypto. Now, going into the daily chart.
Again, what did we form? This is more ICT logic. And you're going to see choppiness with crypto compared to other stuff. What did we form right here?
in that area, an order block. Now, like I said, it's choppier. We went under it. It's just crypto. It's going to get shitty price action. It's part of it, but we can still use this to our benefit. So price came down into that order block over here, and then we've traded up. What did we do? We took out an internal high. Now, this is being a little aggressive, right? Because we came down. I look at this as an internal high. You guys know how I do internal structure, but
This is more aggressive than some. Now, really, the internal highs, you could undeniably say it's right here. Now, this area is going to be a really big decisional point, in my opinion, for crypto. And this is why I have less faith in it than I do indexes or indices. Got that bearish order block right there on the daily.
And the reason I'm just marking the candle body is because I'm using order block theory, not demand. They're different. Don't get confused and think order blocks and demand zones are the same thing or institutional candles and order blocks the same thing. They're different.
So we know that smart money was selling in this up move because why do they sell into up moves is the reason is they have to have buyers. They create buyers. So their price is moving up and they're selling to these buyers on these so-called scam pumps. Then the market sees the inefficiency and price expands to an area of liquidity or where it can find fair market value, which it seems to have found here. Now, this is why, again, this is why I have less faith in crypto personally.
For one, that monthly range is pretty nasty. We are in a discount of this range. Now, another thing, just going off market structure, we have our daily swing high, our daily low. We're obviously in a discount here. We're a discount of all the higher timeframe, like daily, weekly, monthly. So what do we expect after this break of structure?
We expect a pullback. Now, this is another thing I just sometimes have less confidence in crypto. Like, what did we expect here? You know, okay, after we had this break of structure over there, I guess it would have been up here. You know, we expected a pullback once we got a change of character.
Where do we get a change of character right there? Did we get a pullback? Absolutely not. That was a huge scam pump. Now, we were ready for this in the Discord. A lot of people were catching shorts off both these levels. But there was a bigger force at play, and it was that weekly draw on liquidity.
All right, that imbalance, and that's why using those weekly charts can help. Now, again, the weekly is starting to show a little more strength. If we can create a swing low here, if we get the next week closing at the higher low than this week, that's going to be super bullish in my opinion. And again, this is going all back in kind of cohesion with the bond market, with the dollar index, with the stock market.
with we have new quarterly contracts being delivered in the futures markets. So there's a lot of money exchanging hands right now. Now, if we look here on the weekly, well, the next weekly drawn liquidity would be this imbalance right here, right around 26,500, right? It's also a daily imbalance.
What I'm really watching for in crypto is how we react up in this range right here. That's going to tell me a lot. Now, I'm not saying if we reverse it all. I'm expecting us to have somewhat of a reaction here. But once we come back down to these demand zones.
That's whenever we're going to start to frame our ideas. I'm going to continuously watch the stock market. I'm going to continuously watch the dollar along with all of this. You guys should too now. I just gave you everything. You can use the same stuff. You can do exactly. It's not that complicated. It's just using inverses. For instance, we know bond markets go up, interest rates go down. Bearish dollar.
bullish markets. Bond markets fall, increasing interest rates, bullish dollar, bearish markets. I'll post some of these kind of notes. And then you also have this video to watch again. And if you want this chart, I'll post a link to this as well. And whenever you get on the website, it's going to look like this. You can just click this right here and then it expands that. On that note,
I'm going to hop off here. If you got any questions, let me know. If not, I'll cut it, and then, yeah, that's really it. Also, I'm just not seeing the YouTube stuff. I appreciate all you guys, for real. If you could, I hate to be the YouTube guy, but if you could like the video, it helps me a shitload. It helps with the algorithm, because I'm starting to get in front of more viewers that aren't from our discussion, from Twitter and stuff.
Alrighty. Well, if there's no questions, I'm going to hop off here. You guys enjoy your night. We'll hop on tomorrow. I'm not really sure what I'm going to go over tomorrow, but we'll go over something good. I haven't really traded a shitload this week to have a trade recap. I've taken a couple of trades, but what's this, Johnny?
Yeah, I could definitely see a move up into that area. That's kind of what I'm anticipating, what you posted here, and I'll put it up here for people that are watching this later or watching on YouTube. This is the homie Johnny, 6'9", profile pic, Johnny.
Now, this is the same shit, though. I mean, like I was saying, I expect somewhat of a reversal here. Also, to go back to the daily chart, if we look, once we make this big up move, you could look at this area, any area before the break of structure, or we can look at the last down candle. Again, with crypto, it's like...
pretty choppy um stuff you'd ideally want like a block like more like this it's gonna be the last or the biggest volume like ict logic would lead you to look for this right here as a buying opportunity um i think a big poi could be this zone right in here
And I know that Papa was even looking at these limits down here. That's where he had limits. I wanted price return down there too, but that drawn liquidity prevailed. It's a super, super good strategy if you know how to use it. I'm starting to incorporate it more and more because what it can give you, if you look, okay, look, we formed this swing low, drawn liquidity is up here. How many down candles do we have? We had one, and there was a heavy down movement in that one.
So theoretically, and this goes into the power of three, accumulation, manipulation, distribution, which the idea is to get in once the daily candle is under its opening price on this bullish move. That's when you're going to see those stop hunts, and then you can ride that move out for the day because your daily bias is that price is going to trade higher to seek out that liquidity. And if you did that, let's just say you did it correctly each day. You had one, two, one, two, three, four.
Actually, I guess you would say, theoretically, you wouldn't have been able to confirm it until right here because that was your swing low. Both days, you saw an immense move to the upside. If you caught a move in the discount range of either of these days, you were up heavily at the end of the daily candle and could have closed it out. Now, obviously, it's more complicated than that. You're going to use your lower time frames to frame your entries around and that sort of thing. But anyways.
I'm gonna hop off here. As I said, where can I find your Twitter? It's at Casper underscore SMC. So just, it's the same thing as the YouTube, but with an underscore in between Casper SMC. And I'm also going to, for those of you that maybe are a little bit more of a reading learner, I'm going to make a thread on this probably today or tomorrow, probably tomorrow. And I'll put all this into a thread and kind of include some pictures and, you know.
Some people learn better like that. Anyways, I appreciate the hell out of all you guys for showing up, especially those who stuck with me the whole hour. And I'll see you guys later. Peace.
