Honestly, the reason that I've been liking Forex a little more is just because, well, not even more, but I've been entertaining it more than usual is because I noticed that a lot of times it'll give the same exact setups that I trade with indices, but they'll be just a little bit higher risk or reward. Not always, but I'm definitely going to start watching it more and kind of...
Just keep that in mind and keep it in the background. I added a couple more pairs to my watch list. Euro dollar, pound dollar, dollar cad, JPY, USD, CHF. Those are the main ones I want to watch. Yeah. Yeah.
It is really clean, to be honest. So really this week, I think we're due for some retracement. And if we get it early enough in the week, you know, it could be a fickle week because it is a holiday here in the States. For those that are not in the States that are watching this, just be aware that this Thursday is probably the second biggest holiday of the year here. I'd say second or third.
Thanksgiving, 4th of July, Christmas. But super big holiday on Thursday and everything's going to be dying down, I think, for those days. As far as for equities and Forex with dollar pairs, it might be a little weird. I mean, of course, there's the London and Asian markets and European markets. But as far as for the stock market, I think that it's going to be a choppy week, but I am looking for retracement.
i tweeted up a couple things yes or on saturday maybe some of those yesterday i'll start with dxy and go over what i see here now i said this before uh when i was down here i said we are drawing up into i'm like i like this imbalance here now there is some kind of um order blocks down here in the lower time frame if we look at this zone that is right at a equilibrium that we are trading into
I still want to see that 108.44 just because it is on the daily chart, the first level that I really see that's in a premium of this little impulse swing. And notice I just drew the fib from this swing high to the most recent swing low. Now, the reason I did that was because whenever we're talking about dealing ranges and for a day trader, a little bit more of an immediate bias, we don't always have to use the entire swing structure because we understand where we're at as far as external structure goes.
For external structure, we're definitely at a discount of a pretty bullish range. Now, you guys know that I like to do things kind of by stepping stones, and I'm not going to say, okay, well, we're going to be bearish all the way until we take this high. I'm not going to say that because we are at some pretty key monthly levels on DXY. If we look, we are traded into this fair value gap that is at optimal trade entry of basically the entire...
monthly range we're in. A little deeper OTE and we took this liquidity. So, you know, who knows? I'm not saying we're going to reverse. We also traded into this monthly order block. If you look at that. Now,
Again, I'm not one to try to foresee the future, but I do see the possibility that we do go lower, but we are still in a bullish range of the daily. So we're at a discount. We traded into this weekly order block right here. Nice reaction off of it. So the daily forms a swing low in the weekly order block. We're in a discount of the external range and we're in a discount of the recent impulse range. So very clean, free setup telling you this is probably going to go up. So whenever you have setups like this, you can be confident in them. Sure, you may end up being wrong. That's okay.
But that's why I put out, I'll go ahead and just show where we were at whenever I was tweeting these. Because I saw a lot of this in the weekend. So I said, it looked like the dollar is going to get some relief this upcoming week. I like the daily imbalance. That was when you're lower. You see the chart now, obvious expansion of the upside. And DXY, for those of you who don't know what this is, this is just the chart of the dollar strength index. Very helpful if you trade literally anything in the world. And it's extremely directly beneficial if you trade stocks.
Forex pairs with USD in the name or crypto. Crypto is kind of weird with this. Sometimes crypto just does its own thing. But big push up on DXY. So whenever we're looking at that bearish, I'm sorry, bullish TA on DXY, that means we would look for some bearish price action on, or I said that completely backwards. If we're seeing, no, I didn't. Bullish DXY, bearish, anything that has USD at the end. So I tweeted about Eurodollar as well.
So that we're going to be seeking back down. I like this imbalance, but really I think we could go a little lower. You guys know that I'm about stepping stones. I do like this order block overall as a draw. Now we got up, we're getting to this point where that's really close to parity, that one big figure. So keep that in mind. There's that order block. There's going to be a lot of defense attempted there. Could also be a lot higher of liquidity. So we might see it ran, but I think that we're drawing downwards. That's the moral of the story. We don't.
had to foresee the future and say, we're going to get a one minute choach on Tuesday of next week. And it's going to do this here. We don't have to know that. We just got to know where is price likely to draw, which I think is down right now. So talked about that on Twitter as well. Obviously that played out pretty easily. And I just want to really.
you know, accentuate that whenever we have those clear telltale signs that the markets are going to do something, you have to be confident in them and execute. So I wasn't going to trade this morning. I was going to just trade Tuesday and Wednesday this week.
I ended up trading this morning, but I'm glad I did. And we'll go over this dollar Swissy. This is another chart. So if we look at this chart, very clean price action. Rapid expansion down in the dollar against the Swissy. And we took out this old low. So we know that whenever we take an old low out and we're in a discount, we know that we're oftentimes going to reverse. Now, how do we kind of complement that bias? Well, we have formed a swing low and price is already showing a desire to move up.
So if we draw this entire range all the way up here, we could move a lot higher. Now, if we want to be a little more immediate, we draw it right here. Now, so this is why I like this imbalance right here is because it's an optimal trade entry of the impulse move. Now we could move up higher and there's a breaker if you do the impulse of the, or I'm sorry, the OTE of the entire swing. But again, I'm all about stepping stones and kind of one thing at a time and you don't want to force something and...
then end up shooting for the stars and missing out on good opportunities because you were trying to hold out for that home run. So we have a weekly unbalanced price range. I know I put BPR, it's not a balanced price range yet. It will be once price trades above this 966. So we have that imbalance right there, you see, and then another imbalance. On the daily optimal trade entry of this impulse move down lines up with the discount of this daily imbalance. So this zone right here is a good draw.
when I got on my desk this morning, I said, okay, well, I think we're drawing up. So if we're drawing up, what are we going to look for in our trades? We're just going to look for a push to the downside in order to push that false narrative and so to speak, trick traders onto the wrong side of the market. So we know that coming into this morning during the London kill zone, we had this expansion up, right? So then what do we form?
Sell side liquidity, resting on these equal lows, front running, optimal trade entry, and balance. It's fucking free as fuck. This is bread and butter. If you want to teach somebody power of three, or well, optimal trade entry entries of the New York retracement, this is literally as perfect as it gets. Not the craziest risk to reward, but we see as we tap our zone, we wait for that sweep.
Price gave us the sweep. We're in an optimal trade entry. And we confirmed that this was indeed a liquidity raid by a shift in structure. So displacement upside, formed a tiny fair value gap between these two candles. And this other next down candle barely wicked into it. Now, I just marketed this as soon as we were here, as soon as price came back down a little bit, just because that's my style. It's literally like one pip or less than a, it was less than a pip away from the limit. I'm not going to set a limit for that. I'm just going to market it now.
Why did I target this? I think it could go higher, but I just targeted this high for running this order block just because I draw on the body and see we reacted nicely and we hadn't tapped into that body. So that is a likely area where I think we could see some retracement. I don't think that just because this daily chart is overall bullish, that doesn't mean we can't have any downside. If we look at the one hour, we definitely have some room to maybe retrace down into this order block, maybe into this order block.
and kind of put that false narrative early on in the week. Because with the weekly power of three, it's just like the daily power of three. If we think we're going to have a bullish move up this week, then sometimes you will see on Monday manipulation. Sometimes on Tuesday, you will see manipulation. Now, what does that mean? Well, if your week is bullish, manipulation would be bearish price action. So you got to keep that in mind. Even though you have that bullish bias that you don't want to just shoot for the stars, I'm not just going to long every long and try to swing for.
the home run. Because what happens then is you end up getting in a trade and it goes four or five R and then you end up just getting stopped at a break even after taking 20% or maybe you get stopped out for a loss. And I've learned in my time trading that it's better to kind of snag that money while it's there. Don't sell yourself short. There's a fine line between correctly taking profits, swinging for the moon, and then also taking profits too early.
You just got to be realistic. And if two to three are in a couple minutes or a day, that's totally fine with me. So again, the bias was the daily bias. We had a optimal trade entry, fair value gap, probably swept liquidity into it. And then we got the sweep right there. Now, why did we not want to long right here?
Well, we hadn't had that displacement sweep. Now, yes, this right here can be mistaken as that. We push into it and sweep, expand. But we don't want to long just into this fair value gap. Now, maybe, I mean, I guess maybe if you long right here and took profits of this gap, it might have been, I don't know, if you perfectly timed the trigger right and did all this. That's not enough for me. So you don't want to long whenever you have that.
massive displacement down, because that's going to get traded into, and then we're going to come down and take out those early longs. This is where you want to trade, because now we've built up that short interest. So hopefully that helps. Going to indices. Now, why did I put on Twitter that we'd be looking for a move to the downside in this order block? Where's GVP? I think I did it after that one.
Yes. Yeah. So I was talking about looking for downside into this order block right here. You can see that we've formed this swing high. I'm just giving you guys this so you can see that for one, I'm not just saying this after it happened. And for two, why I said it looking at this. So at this point, we had formed a swing high inside that daily price or daily now balanced price range that we had talked about since we are down in this range. We talked about this being a target. Right. So.
After we get up into that area and we form that swing high, we get the one hour starting to shift down. We're in a bearish order block on the weekly. It's a lot of confluence that says, hey, we might retrace. Now, overall, I think we're still going to see upside.
right? I think we're still going to go up higher. Now for NASDAQ, I'm not really super sure just because the current state of the economy, tech stocks historically are weak. So, you know, we may not see that for NASDAQ. I know a lot of people are looking for the same stuff and I kind of was too, but I'm trying to look at it mainly from a technical analysis standpoint, but also you have to take into account certain fundamental aspects of the stock market. I mean, some may disagree with me. That's just my opinion. Now,
The reason I picked this order block and not the beginning of this imbalance is because if we look, we have this optimal trade entry right here. Now, if we draw this imbalance right here, yes, we did move into it. And I may be wrong. This all could be wrong. I cannot tell the future for sure, but I don't like how he didn't come to that discount pricing, which is that black level right there.
So you guys know, especially if you've been in the private class in the Discord, the way I use the one hour, I try to use like a daily chart. So if I have an external bullish structure in the one hour, which I'm treating as a daily, and price has shown desire to move down in a premium, then I'm going to look for discount pricing. Price is going to move from internal liquidity to external liquidity and then back to a fair market value.
Nice to see you too, Alicia. I appreciate it, man. So at that point, I think a lot of people are looking to buy right now. And a lot of that is going to end up being liquidity, right? So I think that we're going to draw down to these lows right here. This is really the first point I would be watching. And again, it's stepping stones. Now, overall, I think the draw is this order block, just using daily levels, right? Now, if I go to a one hour,
All right, let's go to a four hour. I don't really use this chart too much. Sorry.
We have a massive imbalance starting right at this, well, just under discount pricing. So I still think that we will draw a little lower because we already came up, we took liquidity over here, and then we got that initial push. So after we take the old highs, usually we'll see this beginning of the manipulation. So we see push up, a little drive up, drive up, and then we get that big push up. A lot of people.
are buying right there and smart money sold to them. That's why we see that big push down. So take it day by day. All this can change. There is a lot of relatively equal highs up in here. Not equal, but I think that retail would look at this as a resistance zone. So we could see a sweep of that. And again, it is the holiday week. So I don't know how expansive this is going to get, but that's just what I get looking at the daily chart.
I look at this order block. And also too, you got to remember this massive pump after that order block, that's clear institutional involvement on this down candle. Smart money was buying on that down move. So if we're looking for mitigation, that's probably where it's going to happen. And then at that point, we need the one hour to start shifting bullish in order to look for new highs. Euro dollar, we tweeted about this too.
I think it was lower or older, I should say. ETH I was wrong on. There's one I was wrong on, if you guys want to see something. Because exactly, I'm not right all the time. We'll go look at ETH. I did not respect that zone.
I haven't really been watching crypto too much this weekend or week, but I was wrong on that. Now, when we look at Eurodollar, kind of can't see because it was the widescreen, but a daily order block was the draw that I was speaking about right there. And I was talking about how it agrees with DXY. Like I started off with DXY, that can be your barometer for your confidence level in.
TA of inverse assets. If you're very confident that DXY is going to be bullish, that can assist you in making your decision on what your bias is for pairs that are denominated by the dollar. So again, that helped with this. Obviously, we're drawing down. Where are we drawing down? I think into this water block on the daily at a minimum. Now, the weekly is very bullish on Eurodollar. We got this market structure shift right here. Very bullish, in my opinion.
I think that as long as we can get a pushback down in this discount of this range right here, that impulsive move that caused the shift in structure, I think that the euro dollar has a chance to move up. And this is also why I'm looking at DXY as a potential reversal. DXY gave us that shift down in the week as well. So that weekly market structure shift, whenever we're talking about price ranges, if we have a massive range,
I'm not saying just go ahead and just load up the ports, but I mean, if we have a shift in a premium after the external liquidity has been taken, which it was taken months ago, then usually I'm going to look for a return to discount pricing.
So again, stepping stones, though, I'm not trying to shoot for the fences or shoot for the stars and swing for the fences, I should say. So there's my analysis on DXY. The euro dollar, I think, is drawing down the order block. DXY is going to draw to this imbalance. Pound dollar. I like this weekly order block and this imbalance right here because this one is even clearer. We're in a weekly imbalance and an order block on the weekly. So if you look at the beginning of this up move, that's an order block.
And then we have this imbalance right here. We traded and filled completely. Expansive move away from it. So I think this is some of the cleanest price action I've seen in a while in Forex. Enough to where I added some more pairs to my chart and I traded Forex the first time in a while. I traded Eurodollar last night. I ended up getting stopped at breakeven. I wanted it to go a little higher. I don't even think I charted or at least put a position to it. I just kind of counted the pips. It was right now too far.
Yeah, actually it was right here. So I traded it off of this area down here. Let's go to one minute. Traded it right here off of this shift in structure. And I traded just right off this imbalance. And I was targeting, let me go back to a 15 minute. So I should have targeted a little lower. I did take some profits. I took half and then stops to break in. So it wasn't all bad. Where is it?
Oh yeah, I think I was targeting this imbalance because I wanted a Judo swing into it. Let's see where that's at. Yeah, I was targeting... Hold on, somebody's mic's sounding crazy. It stopped. I don't know who that was, but if you muted it, thank you. I wanted to target way higher than I should have targeted here. I see that now, but I wanted that push back up. This was an optimal trade-in for the 15 minute, but the price did not move back up there. It just moved to that first five minute imbalance.
Or no, no, five minutes. Yeah, no, this is right here. So, you know, not the end of the world. Or wait, no, no, I was looking at the wrong thing. Price did move to the five minute imbalance right here above these highs. That should have been my take profit. Got a little greedy there. I wanted it to move higher, but that was just, I was looking at the 15 minute, not the five minute. But I took half at this level and then it ended up turning around and stopping at a break even.
Oh, another setup I want to talk about, which we tweeted about, was gold. And we've been talking about this a little bit. We have this. I'm going to show you the weekly.
power of three that I see. So we have this imbalance right here, massive order block. And then also all of these equal lows got swept that had been holding up for a year and a half now. And we have these equal highs that are preserved. So when we're talking about the power of three, we want to see accumulation within a range that exhausts traders. I think that's exactly what this range in gold did. Because we had this, everybody was looking at a cup and handle, right?
Everybody said this is going to be generational wealth, cup and handle, right? Well, guess what happened? I guess if you draw it a certain way, it might be. This is the retest. No, but this is your fake breakdown, I guess. But this is what everybody is looking at. And it never got to that target. Not even the first time. Really, I think that the cup and handle targets for most people is they measure from the base of the cup to the lowest part of the rim or something along those lines.
if that's the case
This is going to be kind of off, but you see it nowhere near whatever it was. So I think that this range did exactly what it's supposed to. It did exhaust traders and it is imposing a false narrative when we push down into this manipulation. So when we talk about accumulation, manipulation, distribution, what we want to see is a sharp move out of the range and then a sharp move back into the range. And that is exactly what we have. And then we just apply regular technical analysis. I get a lot of questions like, how do you use power of three?
How do we execute off of it? And it's just really a narrative tool. Execution is your execution. Your narrative is kind of like how you navigate and then your tools are still the same. You're still going to be out here in the field operating just the same. You just have a bias to work off of. So when I look at this, we have two ways to draw this impulsive range. On the weekly, it's what you see. But if on the daily, move it up to there and we have this optimal trade entry.
Now, if we're on the weekly, it's the first area that's also at an optimal trade entry if we're counting the 6.2. And it's imbalance and then this daily order block. So what I'm looking for in this zone is the one hour to switch bullish and or the daily to form a swing low. At that point, I damn near want to just buy physical gold. Because if you look, let's just say if you were to long.
from here all the way up. That's already a massive move, but it's a four hour for a pretty massive move. So I want to wait and let the one hour kind of give me some bullish direction. And then I will look to probably get some options on gold reliant stocks and maybe even get a position trade going on. I don't know if I'm going to do the funded just because of the swap fees. It's kind of pointless, but I'm definitely going to be a participant of this move if price action gives me what I want.
Overall for gold, I want us to push down into this zone that also goes along with the bias for DXY. One of our traders here at Playbit, he made a good point. He's a Wyckoff trader and he was talking about this being a selling climax and that this would be a target. I'm not really big on Wyckoff, but if you look, it lines up exactly where I want price to go. More confluence there. I think this is a very good setup for a long-term trade. Also, if you look,
um historically gold moves well whenever we're in times of unrest which i think the world is in the definition of that another example of this we can look at was the oil monthly chart so we're talking about accumulation manipulation distribution we have this accumulation of orders this is over from 2008 which was the massive housing market crash in the united states and oil crashed extremely
Right and then we have this massive range and then what's the biggest or the next big financial crisis COVID
This was probably the biggest manipulation of our lives that we've seen as far as the financial markets go. Interest rates get cut off. Money printers go on. This is Exxon, by the way. I'm sorry, not oil. It's moves with oil. Oil went negative during COVID, but Exxon, we see as obviously an oil stock. I don't even explain that, but we've come down, had this manipulation phase. If you look at this, it looks very similar to gold.
So this is on a monthly chart. It is different as far as certain things, I guess. But if you look, we push up, come down to that imbalance and to the fucking moon. And now guess what happens with this massive expansion where we get, we're looking at as a market maker buy on the weekly chart where we had that second accumulation or second leg of distribution. That was the Ukraine war. Look at that. Leading up to it through January.
Now, you can say, oh, that's just coincidence. Yeah, it's not coincidence, right? So a nice piece of study for accumulation, manipulation, distribution, and very, very similar to the gold chart. So those are some of the biggest setups I'm watching. We're going to crypto. I got stopped on some longs on crypto. I don't think that it...
is ready yet. I longed originally off this order block. We got stopped out over here. Now, if the market does shift up here, we could have got stopped on it. That's one thing. When I got into this trade, I looked at it as potentially happening because we have maybe an accumulation manipulation distribution schematic here.
We might see that, but I'm not seeing that sharp reaction yet to tell me that. Now, if we do get that, the targets that I had are still the same, which main would be 18.7, which is this order block that we look at the daily. I'm sorry, not order block. There is an order block there, but the imbalance is what I have marked.
If we look at the daily, first and a premium. Now, one thing I will say though, when I look at this, we had this push down and then a big massive move up and then a second push down. So yes, this is one move on the daily, but if we go to a four hour or one hour, it's going to be two different moves. So if you do like that, it's actually an optimal trade entry.
If we do start to reverse, I think this is a great point to where if we hit that, then we would see overall lower because I don't think this is necessarily the total bottom where we're at. I don't think that we're just going to get one push and that low is going to be the low forever. I think that would be far too easy. So if we do start to see, and also I know there's a lot of rumors going around about DCG and Genesis and another insolvency crisis. So again, I'm not really going off that, but keep that in mind.
If that happens, boom, there goes another fucking 25%.
All stuff to be mindful of, not to be influenced by. But crypto, I don't think, unless it shows some strength very quickly, I don't think it's ready yet. Now, ETH, I had also drawn a similar schematic. That was what I said I was wrong about. You see, we've pushed down. Now, I mean, theoretically, I guess we're still here at the bottom of the range. So, I mean, it's possible that it reverses here. It is still possible. I liked this imbalance before.
To give you a visual, it would have been something like this, and it pushed down, and it just didn't work out the way I wanted it to. I guess it theoretically could still reverse here, not showing the signs it wants to yet. This right here, that tells me lower. That's a liquidity rate. False push up, expansion down.
That tells me that we're drawing towards something. Now, that could be a refined level. Maybe there's a 15-minute order block down here. It doesn't really look like it. Could be the sell stops right here that we're putting. But I think it's probably going to be the lowest. Who knows? Who knows? We'll see. So crypto, I'm kind of chilling on right now. We are in one trade. I'm not going to reveal it. Got to get in play a bit to see the trades. But it is a short. We've been in it.
We did get stopped on a couple logs, so to be transparent, I got stopped on...
There was a lotto, which was like 0.1 R risk. That was just a complete lotto. But then EGLD, Bitcoin, and Link. So, you know, it's part of the game. It sucks. But we reduced risk before the dumps had to go ahead and reduce risk. Well, one trade was in profit. One was at breakeven. The other one was in drawdown. And that was after doing my analysis on DXY. And then we entered a short as well. So, you know, not the craziest profit there.
Definitely making the best of the situation we had at hand. And that happens sometimes. You can't let it get to you. And that's why we manage our risk. And then also, I usually am not one to manage trades differently than the plan. But if I see enough evidence that I think the markets are going to go down and I'm in longs, I'm definitely going to mitigate some risk while they're in profits or break even. That's just the way that I do it. I don't necessarily recommend that to newer traders because that leads to, you know,
Over managing your trades and cutting winners early and then holding on to losers and changing your stop loss. But sometimes you just know. So let's look at Bitcoin overall. I'm going to delete some of this TA. I don't even care. Whatever. I just get so impulsive and I'm like, I want to keep my TA. And I'm like, no, fuck it. Delete it.
So this free value gap, Playboy has been talking about this as well. I like this zone. So if we're at a monthly level, then the next chart I'm going to go to is a weekly. So I think that, you know.
Don't expect this to be an overnight thing. I mean, it could be. I'm not saying it won't. But, you know, we could also see consolidation for weeks here. I mean, it's, you know, I don't think that whenever crypto does bottom, it's going to be after everybody has completely said, fuck crypto, it's a scam. That is capitulation. That is whenever you're going to see that, quote, bottom that people are looking and praying for. But, you know.
Until we start to see signs to the upside, you know, we talked about on stream, I think it was before the crash or like the day after. No, it was when it was crashing down. I was talking about how if we could hold this displacement to the upside, it was like right here. I was like, you know, if we hold this, we're going to go up. And then the fucking FTX crisis completely destroyed that analysis. So as soon as that happened right there, that switches. That's how quick it can switch. You know, if we go from displacement to the upside to displacement to the downside. So that shows the true narrative.
And this big push-up was just manipulation. So this is another accumulation, manipulation, distribution. There's a nice kindergartner drawing of it. But you guys get the point.
That's pretty much my bias on everything for this week, that everything that I'm watching, I'm down a little bit on stocks. Crypto, I think, is going to be more down, but it's also not really, this isn't like prime trading conditions. We had it good there for a week or two. We killed it while it was hot. We killed it on the way down. So don't go back there and force a lot of trades and just be really picky and make sure you follow your system. But I think Forex is really heating up.
One thing that I think is really important in being a profitable trader, not at the end of the day or the end of the week, but at the end of the year, is understanding the cyclical nature of markets and following where the money is flowing. So I kind of was hands off with Forex for a little bit just due to all the crazy economic stuff. And we're still in that period. I'm not saying we're not.
before to me i just didn't like where the charts were at i know there was good money there people were making good money i'm not saying try to make an excuse say oh forex was all bad that's why i didn't trade it i just i saw more opportunity in the stock market and i am starting to see a lot of opportunity in the forex market so i'm going to shift my attention there you know just like we traded crypto during this week right here this these two weeks we are going hard on crypto right because there was opportunity there and it's just whenever markets are showing energy
Whenever we know there's large forces at play, that's where we want to go to. So you got to be nimble and don't get too, you know, when you're learning, you should learn on one pair. But if you've been trading for a while and you're profitable, I think it's important to be aware of where the money's at. And indices are still great. I'm not saying I'm not trading indices. I am also watching indices, but I am starting to watch these major Forex pairs because they are showing heavy desire to move in certain directions. That's pretty much it.
Yeah, exactly. I'm not like super, super. I wasn't going to trade. It's funny. I said, I'm only going to trade Tuesday and Wednesday. And then I traded Sunday night and Monday. But it was like, it's so, so clean. But I think that this week with equities is going to be, like you said, not the greatest. Turkey day. I'm actually, I'll probably, I'm not sure if we're leaving.
Wednesday night, I got to go down to my girlfriend's family and then come back up to my family. So I've got two Thanksgivings I got to do this week. And it's like a seven-hour round-trip drive to go to where my girl's family is. So that'll be fun. How are you doing worldwide? Just chilling, sipping some water. Fucking productive today. Woke up at like 5.30. Didn't look at my phone till like 8.
I'm trying to get my sleep schedule back on point because I got a little lazy there trading indices. I was waking up at like 8.15. Which isn't bad, but I know that when I wake up super early and I don't look at my phone and I read my book and have my protein shake and just have that nice rising. I just have such a better day. It's like I'm a superhuman compared to when I don't do that. It's crazy, bro.
It's crazy. It's just so much like you're just, I don't know. It just sets the tone. I really want to get back to working out early. I've been working out late as shit at night, which is weird for me. I've never really liked doing that, but I've been going at like 10 at night and shit because like I said, I've been a lazy fucker and waking up like 30 minutes before it's time to trade. And also too.
I know my performance is better for trading whenever I don't do that. Because I think no matter what, even if you get good sleep, for me, if I wake up, there's like a good 30 minutes to an hour and a half or so where I'm definitely groggy. And sometimes you'll kind of make mistakes that you wouldn't normally make. You'll put yourself in positions you wouldn't be in. If you're like staring at a chart and you're still rubbing the sleep from your eyes. So I think it's good to be like,
By the time I was time to trade today, I'd literally been up, stretched, journaled, read, drank my coffee. You know what I mean? I just already set a tone for the day. I've been reading Think or Grow Rich again. It's funny because you read books when you're younger and then I read it again and I'm like, damn, you didn't even fucking really read. Did you even read this? I'm like, what the fuck? I want to remember some of this stuff. Literally, bro.
100%. Like you said, books like that you have to do that with. Oh, hell yeah. Some of it's a little out there. It's just out there. It's not even a little out there. It's just out there. But the moral of the story is a very good book. What chapter are you on? Are you towards the end? Have you got to the alien part?
that's the yeah that that was a little i was like okay it's like you could have left that part out there dog so that dude's been eating
i was like i get his point of like what he's trying to explain but i'm like now you just to all the people that say that you're crazy now they have very good reason to say you're crazy i was like but but i think the moral the moral of the story he's trying to get across is good you just have to like kind of ignore that i was like okay bro yeah yeah no it's super good it's just a good i i don't know my girl was like um
uh reading uh what's it called she i can't remember what she was reading a different book and then i tried to read another one i couldn't finish it was called the quantum uh quantum revelation by paul levy um it's it was like i don't know bro it was it was like he said
I was surprised it had as many people had bought it or had reviewed it on Amazon. After I bought it, I didn't look at reviews I bought. I just got recommended. I was like, damn, this is actually a popular book. I read it and I was like, there's no way this is a popular book. It's just like he says the same thing about... I don't know. I was like, holy fuck, bro. I'm a fast reader, bro. I am a fast... I like to think I am.
I can read a book in about a week, like a 300-page book. I'll read like 50 pages a day.
But that's just that's two reading sessions. But like that fucking book, bro, this is how I knew I had to put it down. I literally had read it for like two weeks and I was on page like 100. I was like, OK, bro, like this is not like I would read 20 pages. It would take me because it was a like a large book. Yeah. And I was like, I'd read the same thing like four times. I'm like, what the fuck did this dude just say? So I had to put it down. No, I haven't actually.
I'm actually going to put that in my notes. Compound effect. Oh, yeah, no, that's massive, bro. Like, honestly, that's how I used to get overwhelmed whenever you have, like, a big project. Like, you'll have, like...
so much to do and you just don't know where to start it's like you just just do a little bit and then a little bit more tomorrow and eventually it's like you will you know get much farther than you think if you just do a little bit better every day learn a little bit more every day it's like a port if you get up one hour a day like you're gonna be fucking printing before you know it like one hour a day for a month like you just fucking made a shillard yeah i think so
playboy actually recommended that to me i literally um yeah yeah i just had asked him if he because i was i i bought uh it's funny my my like amazon wish list because my mom and my girlfriend wanted like christmas ideas and like i was like i don't know and they've been asking me for like a month and i'm just like i don't fucking know like i i'd really i don't know yeah i literally went on there and i just started just ringing off books where i've got like 30 books and my mom and my my girl were like really like there's nothing else and i was like
I really, like, most of the shit I want is way more expensive than I would ever ask anybody to fucking buy for me. Like, the shit I want, like, oh, and a fucking, you know, new PC? Like, I'm not gonna fucking put that on at Christmas. Yeah, exactly. I'm not gonna put that shit on there, so I just, but books are, like, the best gift you can give somebody, I think. Or, like, or, you know, just shit that's, like, productive. Like, I put...
I actually went ahead and bought a book that I haven't read, which I'm surprised. What's it called? Principles by Ray Dalio. And then, yeah, it's like a huge book, but like massive, massively popular. I was surprised I hadn't read it. But I put that, or I bought that, and then I bought that at the Silva Mind Control Method or whatever it's called. Yeah, just write that. It's fucking instant. Oh, hell yeah.
Hell yeah, I got that and then I put atomic habits was like one of the ones I put on my wish list I've got such like a long list like overturning to my bookshelf. I don't know if it affects my voice but
Oh, yeah. No, I literally put them in order for what I'm going to read. The next one is The Magic of Thinking Big. I'm so blind, I can't read the actual title. But it's like something about The Magic Art of Thinking Big or some shit like that. It's a popular book, too. And then I'm going to reread The 48 Laws of Power and Mastery. And then The Disciplined Trader is actually pretty cool. Remember I was telling you about that guy? He, like, tweeted the author. He, like, tweeted back.
yeah i i'm gonna try to work something out with him i i've been matching but i mean i don't know if it'll work because you know obviously it's uh yeah i'm sure
yeah i mean i don't blame him you know because like i used to do one-on-ones for super cheap and then i realized i was like fuck bro because rob even told me he was like right you're doing that shit way too cheap and like i it's like time you i always respect like if someone's if i had something up they say yo it's a thousand bucks per hour i mean i'm probably gonna do it but i'm like i respect that because that's that's what you value your time at i fuck with it like um
You know, a lot of the time it's like, how much money could you make in an hour of work or hour of trading or whatever? So it's like I was doing shit for like a long time ago. It was like $50 an hour. And I was like doing a fuckload of them, bro. Like I did so many of them. And I was like, but like, fuck this. Like I'm like missing trades. I love doing it. But at the end of the day, I was like, fuck, that's just.
yeah dude it's because i was like i was doing them during market hours because like i don't i like being done with work by like five or six for one because i used to not do that like i used to just do like because i'll sit there in my fucking computer chair as long as i will let myself and do shit like i don't i enjoy doing shit but like you know then your girl gets mad at you you know you don't spend time with nobody you start neglecting other things yeah yeah
Your health far fucking declining because you're bleaching your eyes with trading view charts and sitting down for too long. So I just kind of make it a rule to myself to do shit before like five or six. And I was trying to work them all in and I would be like in a one-on-one at like one to four, bro. I'd do like four in a row, which is exhausting for one. And second of all, like, you know, you're just missing trades. I'm like, bro, I would have just made more than $50 off that trade.
yeah exactly it's like what the fuck am i doing so i get it but yeah he had commented on that yeah um player you it was the tweet your tweet actually i think he commented on it was somewhere it was a while back
That's what I tried to pitch. I tried to pitch it like, hey, look, you can get your book in front of a lot of people who, if they like what you say, they're probably going to buy your book. You know what I mean? So I'm trying to put my salesman pants on and get it done for free, but I don't think that's going to happen. We'll see. Hopefully, he's watching this. He's like, ha, I knew that was your fucking plan. No, but where is it? I can't remember where. It's been a while. I have too many fucking notifications.
And speaking of a podcast, since you said I might as well announce it, I actually I know that I put up a while ago that I was going to do a podcast and kind of just neglected it. But I am doing a podcast with Yaro. I don't know. Some of you guys may know Yaro.
He is basically a trading psychologist guy, not psychologist, trading psychology guy. And he trades as well. He trades Forex. He does a lot of cool stuff. You guys should check him out. But I'm going to do a podcast with him. It'll be out next Monday. So as you said, that was something I needed to. And he has his own podcast too. If you want to go check it out, it's pretty cool. It's on Elevate Yourself. His Twitter ad is right there. So for everybody to stream.
um i'll be doing that and then also i'm gonna i have some other guests lined up as well i'll wait to announce them but uh pretty pretty cool stuff and we'll be doing a podcast i'll try to get out like two or three a month maybe more at some point but um you know and then if anybody wants to do a podcast that does something with to do with trading or just business in general like entrepreneurship just hit me up and see if we can get it worked out right
Robbie would be a good, definitely a good one. Yeah, for sure. Is that what... Man, what is this? Coinbase and WooCommerce. Oh, that's actually pretty cool. So I just saw this in the Discord. I'm sorry, excuse me.
So Coinbase and WooCommerce is kind of like Shopify basically. So basically a lot of e-commerce companies can now take payment from Coinbase.
So that's pretty cool. I mean, it's not really going to do anything. I think it's funny. Sometimes people will see this and they're like, dude, Bitcoin's going to pump. It's like, why? Like, what the fuck about this would make Bitcoin pump? Like, I remember that was how it was like at the beginning of the bear market. There was all that news coming out. It was like Bitcoin integrated with this and that or something like crypto. Somebody is taking, you know, it's like Columbia is now taking Bitcoin payments. Someone's like, oh, dude, this is so bullish. It's like.
What about that would make Bitcoin bullish? I remember Gala and Epic Games. You've got to think of things from a realistic standpoint. You might get a pump in them, but for instance, Gala pairing with Epic Games to have that one camera. It was like some cowboy battle royale game. They announced, hey, we're going to have a partnership. Grit, this is what it was.
right so epic games they put it on epic games store so everybody was like gal is gonna fucking moon and i was like but why though like first of all the only reason what this would actually do is yes it would make people buy it but then they would immediately spend it
It would go into the ecosystem. As far as people buying in-game NFTs and stuff, I get it. People, I think, sometimes think that things are going to be a much higher impact than they are. Sometimes I actually want to play some of these games, but I wonder how expensive this is to get into. Yeah, it's like, bro.
Fuck. No, I remember at the height, like this shit, I wanted to play this, Spider Tanks. It's kind of like World of Tanks. Just because this is something, and I would be like, this is pretty fun. And I remember it was like 8K to get started. Like, let's see. So 8,000. Oh, what the? Wait, what is? Why is it Black Friday? Wait, what? There's literally a Black Friday sale. 80% off. I mean, I'm guessing it's Black Friday. How is that? Are you buying it? Is this like the marketplace? Are you buying it from them?
Or what? If this is buying it from the manufacturer, they're going to immediately dump that shit, I bet. So this ends in eight hours. What the fuck? This item fulfills. So what's 8,000 gala now? Not that much.
200 bucks see that's still expensive as fuck i'm pissed off that the new call of duty is ten dollars more like i'm such like a it's funny my girl like makes fun of me because i'll go spend money on certain things and then like like when they made the new call of duty 69.99 instead of like 60 bucks i was like that's so crazy to me i know that's ten dollars it's just a principle of matter like games are now about to be 70 bucks like fuck you calling me i'm not buying that shit
And for Call of Duty, I don't even know why people get excited about that game. It's like, yeah, let's play the same game we've been playing for 15 fucking years on new maps. I swear to God, it's the same game every time.
Yeah, I actually, I like some games. I just don't like, they take up too much time sometimes. I don't let them like, you know, I can't, I'll sit there and just play them and shit. I try to do it like, you know, when I really have nothing to do. There's this one game I've been playing. It's pretty crazy. It's called Crusader Kings. It's like a strategy game. Like basically you start out and you're in the, it's like the year is like 1066 when you start and you're basically, you pick a country.
like any country in like medieval Europe, Asia or Africa. And it's like, it's realistic as fuck, bro. Like you got to set the taxes. You know, you got people trying to kill you. It's just like a strategy game though. So it's all like menus. You're not like walking around or something, but it's fun as fuck. I was like, okay, this game, I feel like I'm like actually exercising my brain because it's hard as shit. I still barely play it. To be honest, I've played it like three or four times since I bought it a couple of weeks ago.
yeah games i can't i don't know especially like call of duty that shit is like i mean it's cool i guess like if i was at a friend's house or something but um overall it's like fuck man i can't sit there and i i have friends that like they've been playing warzone since it came out like every day for like a couple hours i'm like you're really not tired of that shit that's that's wild as fuck to me
Fuck no. I get bored of shit fast, bro. If it's leisurely shit, I get bored real fast. It's got to be changing up and cool. I can't sit there and just fucking watch. Yeah, this looks like it's going to dump here. But I can't sit there and just... I'd like this high to get swept one more time. Maybe not.
yeah it's just fuck bro i can't like fortnite like i can't even play fortnite anymore first i played it when i first came out and it was kind of fun but like holy shit that shit's yeah right oh yeah
Hell yeah. I fucked up on that twice, bro. I did Rosetta Stone. I actually know a decent... I had a lot of Spanish-speaking friends for a while, and I can speak general... I can get my point across, but I can't speak... You could very immediately know, hey, this guy does not speak... He does not speak Spanish. Yeah.
This is a great game actually looks like okay like it looks like a real game like this is this is why I like Gala for a character games because like I was like, you know
It's not just like an obvious Ponzi, like Wax, like every game on that shit. I mean, I was into them. You guys that have been following me for a while know that I used to fuck around like the Farmer's World and what was the other one? It was like some fucking alien game. But I used to fuck around on those and I made a pretty decent amount. Farmer's World, I got completely annihilated, but it was all play money and it was like a grand. But still, like I got fucked on. I bought a chainsaw for a grand and then I look back and I was like, damn, like you really did that.
you really really bought like a digital trading card for a grand and then that's why i wasn't even really mad when it went to like i wonder let's just see what farmers uh what was the um the exchange uh it's on wax or it's on eos the exchange i can't even remember any oh alcor that's what it was i wonder if alcohol is even still a thing or was it alcohol
Yeah, it is. FTT. Actually, not FTT. They're probably in the same boat as FTT. Let's see. I'm just curious. It's just not even here anymore. Alien Worlds looks like it's still alive. Somewhat. Oh, no. Actually, no, no, no. God, the volume is down so much.
Farmer's World would. Literal rug pull at this point. 24 hours with 800 volume. There's people that literally, but there's people that had this shit. The Farmer's World Discord, I got banned from it because it was for literally just saying it was a rug pull. I was like, guys, just word of advice. This is a rug pull. I hope you guys know. Because there's people in there literally like, oh, it's coming back. People had bought shit down here, bro.
There's wallets you can go look at. They were posting them in there. People had basically thrown in like $1,000 and were up like $800,000 off of an NFT game and didn't sell anything.
Imagine thinking that for the rest of your life. You just know that you had the chance to literally be financially free. Now you have digital trading cards. But yeah, this shit fucking died, bro. Look at the percent gain. This probably doesn't even do it justice for how crazy it actually is. 14,000. This was from August to November of 2021. It's like three months.
More like 15,000%, bro. Imagine, like, just imagine that. Just imagine fucking never selling. I can't compute that. Like, that's worse than the people who never sold their Bored Apes, in my opinion. I mean, financially and, in my opinion. I saw where Justin Bieber bought a Bored Ape for, like, a mil, and now it's worth, like, 70K. He bought it, like, at the absolute top.
Right. It's actually been a nice little opportunity down right here, this little sweep back up into premium of this range. I don't know if that would have been a really good risk to reward, but actually, I can't say I'd even taken that. There wasn't really a shift here.
Usually if you see that 15 minute, you'll see like, kind of like one thing that, um, remember we all used to trade fucking ABCD patterns. One thing I've noticed, bro, and this is where it comes in where like a lot of strategies are the same, but a lot of the fucking setups we play, like as far as like the market structure shifts are ABCD patterns. A lot of them, like on like a 15 minute or a five minute.
Yeah, but it hit me and I was like, holy shit. This is like a lot of setups, bro, are ABCD patterns. I don't know if I can find one off rip. Let's see if I can. Oh, I bet there's probably one right here. Oil is one. Here we go to oil. Why does this look so ugly? Oil followed our analysis fucking on point. This is a perfect example of the liquidity curve.
literally bro what it really is is it spawns from like like there is differing criteria in each one and this is like what i try to tell people that because a lot of people probably a lot of people listening especially on youtube just started trading smart money with like ict 2022 and
you'll find out in time whether you want to admit it or not or accept it or not, that while there are a lot of differences, and I think that smart money is a little bit more precise than other strategies at a lot of times, but a lot of times when your TA is right, it wasn't like smart money concepts was the only way to find that TA. For instance, Hunter just pointed out, this was probably a multitude, massive head and shoulders if we want to look at it like that.
And ICT actually does talk about head and shoulders. God, you can tell I haven't used this tool in a long time. And this is kind of like a, it's actually pretty cool. Yeah, it's like this, like head and shoulders, like, oh, break the neckline. I mean, I guess if you shorted the break of the neckline, you probably got ransacked, to be honest. But, well, depending on where you drew the neckline, I guess. Actually, I could be drawing it wrong. But maybe I should, this is probably where I'm fucking up. There we go.
But a lot of times the executions are different. The idea is slightly different, but the narrative is the same. That's where they all meet. It's like if the TA is right, it's just right. You know what I'm saying? There's probably 30 different ways to have called the drop. Harmonix with SMC a lot of times is fucking crazy how much it lines up. You like that one right here, the bearish bat? Or I guess would this be a bat or a...
I'm trying to, yeah, I did for, no, this would be a, well, I don't know, it would be, it would be a, well, because the Gartley, I think you have to have a 618 B point. God, that's crazy. I used to, how I forgot that. I'm pretty sure Gartley is a 618 B point, and then a Butterfly is a 786, and a Bat is a 382 to a 5.5. Actually, I know that. That is right. I act like I don't remember. I definitely do. Yeah, so.
technically where i would play this this wouldn't be a well actually the d points not at the end either so there probably would be if you move that d point up so let me see what is it on the daily right so it'd be on es or is it on oh it is you're right you're right so that would be why am i acting like it's in my hot cools hold on so that would be
this would actually have to be a shark, I think, because the, uh, or no, no, this would be right. This would be a bat. It almost be a bat. So for me, the way I used to play them, it would have to be like an eight, five to be a bat. Cause I play a 3% error rate. So like the eight, eight, six is what you're looking for. So you really look for like something like that, which would be 4,100. But in order to get the, um,
like it depends what your error rate is you know you don't ever get a perfect shift like this b point for a bearish bat would be anywhere from 382 to 0.5 so that checks this checks and then um this also checks past 168 but or 1618 but um this can be this is where the error point always comes in because all these are ranges and then the d point well the b point for a gartley and for um
A butterfly is a fine point, but for sharks, crabs, bats, deep crabs, all that stuff, they are a range for where the B-point retracement is. And then D-point is always a fixed number for everything except a shark.
So this, you know, you could play basically an error rate. So everybody's different with harmonics. They'd say, oh, well, I play a 3%, you know, cushion, or I play a 10%. I played three, but if you did 10%, this would be a bat.
Everything's fucking a bearish right then. Yeah, every fucking thing. Because those harmonic indicators, I remember when there was that one dude. I get notifications. I'll give him a little shout out on stream. He made a smart money thing. I don't want to go to my DMs with him and post him like that. Maybe he did. Hold on. I don't want to post him, but it's going to post him right now. Maybe he didn't make a smart money one. I might be tripping. I don't know why I thought he did.
Wait, streams, you can do streams on TradingView? What? Watch, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna degen anymore. That's showing some displacement. It's about there. There or here. Oh, I forgot about Aussie dollar. That was like the one, I didn't, I put a lot of other majors on. I'm actually, that was another one. When I was trading Forex, Aussie dollar, I used to trade weird pairs.
I used to trade like Euro JPY and shit, bro. That one. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, hell yeah. What about GJ? I bet GJ moves so crazy, bro. That shit is crazy. 20 days and stuff. Yeah.
that's why you do it though bro like if you want to make this like super methodical and like machine learnable that's the that's why you do it honestly aussie dollar soon it's going to look like some fat longs i mean it might come a little i would look at this order block i mean if i take a fib because i like the optimal trend or just the discount of this imbalance really so i see a little more downside but long soon like if it comes back down there um well i don't know actually the weekly is a little sus
I'd want the daily to form a nice swing low in there and really show some displacement to the upside. Then I would just be targeting the way I put sell side at the top. I got the bottom right now. The reason I'm putting buy side and sell side, for those who are wondering, there's going to be somebody who's going to be like, oh, that's not the fucking... I understand it's not the external structure. I'm just more local. One hour time frame, that's going to be our external structure.
Yeah, 20 day it's gonna be in a premium probably that the IPTA levels are super fire Like I just use 20 because I just be day trading sometimes I'll look at other ones, but um Like what is this? It's gonna be this candle right here. So it'd be That would be your 20 day the way that I do it. This is what ICT like this makes it really easy So if you put a box like if I just did this and then I can like basically
here's my 20 or wait, move it over. So I do this. So then every day I can just do this, move it over one. So I know what range I'm in because it changes every day. So you could do this. And then I, what I would do is visual order or not visual, I'm sorry, object tree, and then rename it a 20 day. You can 20 day, 40 day. And then,
that way you have like, you can just go boom, hide it. And then whenever you want to look, you know, if you're okay, bam, there you go. So, you know, it's a 20 day wide box. That's what ICT did on a, I think it's like month. I don't even know. Honestly, it's one of the later months, but I was like, wow, that's fucking, it's way after he teaches it too. And I was like, you could have said that a long time ago. I just use the 20, but I just basically all I do with it is like OTE or, um,
let's see where ot would be this low i do ote and then just discount premium so ot is still this order box so i really like that that's six five holy this is so is it really i wonder if this this one offers you know one hour be clear probably there we go yep look at that i literally volume just falls off the face of the earth right there
So yeah, that's another thing that works with Smart Money really well is volume profiles. I like the fixed ones better than the one on the indicator, but just because it's more precise. And you can make that one precise. You just got to move what's on your screen. But yeah, I like that level. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Yeah. So like on NQ this morning...
I'm way back. Where am I at? Hold on. I'm too far. I moved way fucking back. Okay, so here. I was like, where the fuck's my TA? So here, like, if I'm going to put my, because my trade, I didn't plot it, but it was, I'm just going to kind of do it.
So if I'm going to use this candle as my stop loss and I'm going to use this fair value gap, I'm just going to go in the one minute. Most of the time I'm marketing, but if I'm setting a limit, I'm going to go in the one minute. I'm just going to look at the same candle formation and then like this candle or whatever the level is on my broker because it's always way fucking different. So yeah, always do that because you'll get, God, that'd be a sad day.
yeah for sure that but you always like just whatever you're like like algo said whatever your ta is you just go on the chart and then use that same ta um yeah yeah for sure
Also, let me look up. I just now looked at YouTube. This is for every MC. If you're still in here, hopefully I can't see on the YouTube. But can you map out how I see DXY daily structure? I had the lows from September 13th marked as the low that put in the high. Curious on your thought process. So for DXY on the daily, so the low on the low from September 13th.
Okay, sorry, right there. Yeah. So for me, I have this as my external structure because it looks, this is more where it gets a little discretionary, but this is where I see the massive move originating from. And then this to me, four days of downside. Yes, we did take the high over here. So you could say, you know, we took the high, we made it like, that's how a lot of stuff is going to teach you. I'm looking at more trying to look at like institutional structure. So where is the big displacement coming from?
right like i see displacement here and i see it here like this to me that's not displacement that's you know there's an opening gap in that so i don't want to count that you have a
Sunday night price. It's just not really what I would want to see. Like that's not a retracement. That's not a pullback. So the thought process there is for me, I just, you know, I kind of do it by my eye. I don't have a, you know, some people have a specific amount of pips or dollars or percent that they want to see for, you know, a pullback. I'm not that mechanical with it. That's really cool. If you do that, I just kind of do it by feel. So if I'm looking at this, you know,
All these other retracements, like this is a retracement, right? There's a big displacement followed by consolidation more down the other displacement. That's a retracement, you know? Oops. This to me, that's not a retracement, that little move. That's just how I do it. So I would draw this as the external structure. I mean, you can kind of see that it's reacting pretty nicely. Now, okay, that weekly order block. If you look at the weekly, a lot of times too, this will help you.
And again, it's not an impulse swing. The impulse swing is the most recent move, which is going to be that right there. That's where we have the weekly impulse move. Then you can go ahead and move it down again for the daily. And impulse moves are more like dealing ranges. That's more like what you are in right now. You know what I mean? What is the narrative right now? So for us, most of you guys listening are probably day traders. That's what you want to be focusing on is the right now.
Now, if you're like trying to give like a forecast or trying to figure out the long-term and you're maybe trying to invest, then it's a different story. But if you're trying to use it for bias for your weekly and daily candle, you know, you're most of the time going to be using the dealing ranges in context of the external ranges. You always have to know where you're at, but for immediate bias, you know, there's more to it. I like Aussie dollar though down, and that's a ride at a 705 too, like right on it for that daily order block.
And the imbalance full fill, of course, in the wake of the order box. I really like that. And we've moved off this order block on the daily up here. All right, push down. So we also had a low resistance run on liquidity there.
Seems like, yeah. So you see we came up and took that liquidity right from this range into the order block. And then we failed. We just put in that lower high. That's going to get ran at some point. So that buy side would be a nice target if the one hour starts to show desire here to go up. That'd be basically a one hour shift in structure. So like what you see right here, basically.
We'd want to see that, right? We'd want to see something like this occur in that order block. We want to see this kind of price action. The desire to move higher. On that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. It went pretty long today. It's like an hour and 20 minutes. Oh, wait. Well, somebody asked... Let me answer these questions before I hop off. Today, I got stopped that on Bitcoin because I thought a sell-side liquidity raid would have happened before new lows.
I think you meant to say buy side, if you're talking about the highs, if you thought it was going to rate highs before new lows. Any tips on how to be better at establishing daily bias? If you get in the Discord, I have a whole private class on daily bias. But really, to get better at it, you can learn the daily power of three, which I have a video on as well in the Discord. But basically, when I'm looking at DXY...
It's like how I get my bias. If I see the most recent dealing range, we're in a discount of the external range. We're in a discount of the 20-day range. We're in a discount of the dealing range. Prices form a swing low. Then I'm going to look for premium pricing. It's really that simple. Daily bias gets way over complicated. And it is one of those things where it's discretionary. You kind of get a feel for it.
It's really just ask yourself, what kind of liquidity is recently taken? Where are we at in the external range? Where are we at in the immediate impulse of swing, the most recent high and the most recent low?
And what is in a premium or a discount? And once you get to those targets, that's where it gets a little fickle. So like, for instance, if price gets up here into this imbalance and starts consolidating, that's where you start to get in those lower probability conditions. And you have to wait for displacement down or displacement up to tell you the next move. Bitcoin at 9K by January. Hell, it's at this rate. We'll be surprised. Thoughts on Ape?
There was probably another setup. I was wrong. I didn't trade off this, but I wanted... Oh, wow, never mind. Probably just is the one that... Oh, it didn't even go to my target. Yeah, I don't know about this. I wanted this to go down lower. That's crazy. Ape fucking pumped. Is there something going on? Maybe? I don't know. But I thought I was going to go down to this imbalance and then move up. Did not. So with this, let me just go ahead and... I'm just going to trash all the TA high for it. Go to the daily chart.
Because I know that we took a lot of liquidity here. Like it's like all time lows type thing. So, you know, once we take this old low, form that swing low here, and this is actually one of the better charts in crypto, to be honest. You know, we have this imbalance right here, water block right there, beginning of this water block, probably more visible on a weekly, but I'm just going to mark that.
It's right at the beginning of optimal trade entry as well. And we've got a breaker right there. So I like that level, that 4.225. I mean, that's a big jump, but it doesn't look bad to be quite honest. Like, hey, this looks better than most charts. So, you know, we got that shift there, came back down, found demand in here.
Took those lows. Looks like, did it take these lows? And this actually doesn't look bad. It really doesn't. I would like a push down on the order block. I mean, it's not the most efficient price action. Did it tap it? Oh, I did tap the wick. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, APE looks like it wants higher, to be honest. It looks like a nice push up into the daily imbalance. But I'm not probably going to make any moves on this one. But overall, I mean, it looks like it wants higher.
But on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I appreciate you all coming through. I'll be streaming tomorrow and probably Wednesday. It should be on Wednesday. I'm not 100% sure what time as far as Wednesday goes. Tomorrow will be at noon. And then Thursday and Friday, I will not be around due to the holiday we have here in the States. So stay safe out there. Be aware that this week's going to be kind of choppy due to the holiday. Banks will be closed on Thursday. I don't know if they're closed on Friday or not.
I don't think they are. Banks in many states will be open. So it's not a federal bank holiday on Friday. So apparently some states it is. I don't know. So again, this week's just going to be kind of choppy and fickle due to the holiday. So stay safe out there. Don't break your rules. Don't get too trigger happy. And I wouldn't be swinging for the fences this week. But I will see the rest of you guys tomorrow. Again, thank you for coming through. Peace.
