What's up? So I'm going to start on is kind of how the same way we went over this, I think, in either the last stream or every stream before, but how to get some of these better entries by waiting and scaling it on the low timeframes. So from start to finish, we had this supply zone, this high time frame order block. That's not labeled.
uh up here in the daily right that hadn't really been tapped into price did return into this zone but not after i mean not um yeah not after this major breakup structure down here right so this is now going to be inherently a supply zone and we hadn't really seen any super strong supply zones that we hadn't tested right after this lat this big you know pump and dump over here really at that point the only liquidity that was in our way was this major high which was not much because we're so close to
This order box. So once price came into this water block we can look for one of two things and
most of the time, either of those two things are going to start by a little bit of a reversal. So at that point, you can bet that you're most likely going to see some trouble, and that's exactly what happened. So we waited for bearish price structure to form. And for those of you who don't know what I mean when I say bearish price structure, I mean we had manipulation of highs and also a shift in overall structure. For instance,
You know, you could say here we're manipulating highs because I'm teaching people. I'm running into a lot that they find zones like this and think, OK, well, you know, you're manipulating highs. Why aren't we?
Moving to the downside, I thought that was distribution, right? The reason is because you still have clear bullish market structure. Can't talk. Bullish market structure. You have a higher high, higher low, higher high, higher low. Took a little bit for the higher high, but you still were getting higher lows, right? There was no change of character, right? Like you have up here.
So you have this expansion. Yes, you're starting to see these highs manipulated, but then what? High or low? High or low? Lower or low? Right? Second lower low. So right there you had your change of character. This is where the market shifted structure.
So after that, you look for price to give you another break of structure of the high or low, whatever market extreme it is, that is established with your change of character. So after you get this break of structure, you're going to look for the order block or whatever kind of internal liquidity you have that was the catalyst for this impulsive move in price. And then you're going to wait for price to return to it.
On the first major reversal, for instance, and I'll go back and back test this with you guys, with Bitcoin specifically, when you start to see a shift in structure from bullish to bearish, oftentimes it will still have much more liquidity up above like it did here. We had this daily high. So you can see this kind of notion right here.
And I'm not saying this is like where we're at. I'm not saying we're at the top at all. I'm just saying this is a good example, right? I could find this on a one hour, but on the daily, it's easy to pull up. You have this expansive move to the upside, and then you still have one last move up, and it's called the UTAD for you Wyckoff guys, or up thrust after distribution. But here...
you can see we're just now probably starting the first shift the first distribution of profits that were accumulated under fair market value and first of many i mean i think that we will see at least a pump up to this and then that's where we're gonna have to really have a vital turning point on what price is going to do but um i do think price is starting to shift a little bit bearish just kind of like it did over here right um i think we'll still have a major pump but
That was my logic behind looking for shorts in this zone, right? Because we really haven't seen a pullback, right? We had our change of character. And this doesn't necessarily mean anything except that we're going to come down to really where we hit already, right? Because until you make this lower low on the four hour, right? Really haven't made that much of a lower major low on the four hour, right?
Because this is not really a strong high because no structure was really broken after it. Not major structure, at least. Like, right down here. So...
With this move, once we figure out the change of character and the break of structure, since it is a reversal or a lower probability trade setup, you want to make sure you take profits pretty aggressively. That's why they're so close TPs here. I actually deleted two just to declutter the chart that already hit as well. The way you enter this, and I can even infer the chart for some of you who...
may be able to look at it better this way. You're just looking at to a return of origin, right? So say if we're drawing this like we were doing longs, you have this order block right on equilibrium right before the major break of structure, right? It's the same thing. It's literally a return to origin, right? And then you look for this same change of character and break of structure to reflect over here, right? And if you take fractals, they actually look pretty similar.
I think it was on a different timeframe though. They look more similar. Yeah, I think this is what it was. Let me do this. Look pretty similar, but the way you confirm this. So for instance, we got a pretty good entry because we've done the one hour, right? You would, and what's up guys? I just not saw the comments.
But that was good. Some of you guys, I don't even know who you are from Discord. I know Taylor Trucking, but I don't know who Moonboy and Decking are. So drop your Discord name so I don't know who you are. If you're even in the Discord. But from here, we had that return to origin. So we just played the limits off of this first zone, right?
We had a pretty good reaction to this zone, right? We came into it just a little bit, a little past the body. I think there was a 15-minute or a 5-minute order block. It tapped 64 pips, so pretty close. Saw a nice, impulsive move, right? And then if we go to the 15-minute or invite the scale. So you're looking for longs, and this is exactly what you look for, right? Let me go ahead and just get some of this off here.
so um bullish no it would be bullish it's inverted but um this change of character right you got one on the lower time frames over here confirmed right return to origin and now you're getting the same price action on top of it but notice we came back and swept these lows right
Which could play out into an accumulation schematic. This is where it gets tricky. That's why I want to use this as an example for you guys. Once you sweep this liquidity, you're doing one of two things. So let me re-invert this. Some people would look at it as a break of structure of the upside.
Or yeah, it's a break of structure to the upside, right? Like in a bullish sense. This was a manipulation of lows all down here. But in reality, we still haven't really invalidated any of these changes of character, right? If we're in the one hour, here you have your lower high, lower high, lower high, lower high. You made a higher high than over here, right?
But it didn't follow up. For instance, what you would want to see is a retest. So if you had one higher high, you would want to retest one of these regional areas of liquidity, not out of the current range, back down to origin of this range down here. And we'd have to go on a lower time frame to get a better...
um look at that but down here you had this was where you were accumulating really right broke this structure all right so now you have a new strong low it's a new range totally different but we did return down to origin of this range that's why i wanted us to take profits i added this and you can see we reacted that pretty nicely so how do you determine you know is this um reaccumulation or is it distribution
Well, you would continuously need to see this, right, the change of character, but to the upside. So when you look at this, we have, let me draw this back over. So we have, you know, here's our new high.
lower high Okay, then you got a higher high, but then what lower low you didn't have any any Strength there. So we have it down here. We have this Lower high then you have a higher high so when you plot this out It's gonna look something like this. You have your first change of character Then you have your next order block right right before the break of structure
to confirm this change of character on the lower time frame. So if we go to five minute, it'll be clear. So here's your change of character, right? And this was the high you made after that. Low, came back down and tapped something in here. And then you expand it. So the real test is going to be figure out which one of these candles has more volume. Turns out being this lower one. So I'd redraw this. Fruity candle had more volume. And you're going to want a strong reaction off of this, right?
Draw this. The one I want to focus on is down here. It's not really big enough to draw. Oh shit, what's up, Den? So, on the contrary though, remember I said we haven't really made any major higher highs. So we're still looking at these mitigation zones. If we are indeed bearish, you would look for a return to these zones. You would want this liquidity to be swept. You could even have this swept. The key to this setup is really not having...
So this right here swept, in my opinion, at this point. This is the level you don't want Bitcoin to go above. But you'll have to see how price reacts if we do go above that. If we break these highs, you're going straight for around $49K, most likely into these higher zones. I would almost want a retracement here, for one, because we're in these shorts. And then for two, we'd get a much better entry on some equity. We'd get a nice quick return to origin like we did last summer.
We do have some stuff going on with Bitcoin, too, this week. The 6th through the 9th, I think, is the Bitcoin conference in Miami. And there's Michael Saylor speaking there.
uh there's like the senator the i can't remember her name that's really bullish on crypto and then kathy wood speaking there so a bunch of stuff going on with that um i think we could use a retrace before that event and be able to get load up some bags that would be pretty nice but really the make or break levels here for bitcoin you want if you're bull for the bulls you want to break um
This you want or you don't want to break this low right here Sorry not you don't want to break and you want to just can see the same change You want to see price move down here and see on a lower time frame So this may be a one minute three minute see this change of character and break of structure
Right? So that's how you get confirmation. I'm still not really convinced that we're going to go to the upside just yet. I think we're still looking pretty rough, if you ask me. This looks like distribution. Especially if we continue to break down from this level. I'm going to need a break, really, of this whole range to think otherwise.
But this right here. So this is where that's why I wanted to break this down like this Yeah, people say oh, this looks like accumulations like well, this definitely was accumulation down here Whenever you're using these time frames, you got to take profits off these time frames. So, you know, here would have been your strong high All right, so if you got some play down here
All right. So if you got anywhere in here and you got in discount, you probably get in around this area. Stopped right there. Profit target up here. 4.5 to 1. All right. But nobody wants to take profits like that. Everybody wants to do this.
Right. So that's how you effectively can trade these smaller moves. Like even if you have a higher time frame or even just a higher time frame than you're on, you have a bearish bias. You can still play into that with trades opposing your bias in the sense of you can play retracements. Right. So that's that's one way to dissect price and really get a in-depth look at what we're doing turn by turn. Because I notice a lot of people that just get.
shake out of positions or when they're day trading, like day trading is super hard for most people. And I know why it's just that you don't have the time to think and you just pull the trigger. But if you really just slow down and you can, you can, you understand what price is doing. Usually you can manipulate it to your benefit, but I'm just chilling in these shorts for now. And we're making lower lows, right? So you have even in the one hour, right? And your change of character.
whichever one of these you consider the swing high, either of them got broken, right? And you just return to the order block that started that swing that broke this, right? So I'm still not really convinced we're going to go to the upside. I wouldn't be surprised if it just started flying. You know, Bitcoin does Bitcoin shit, but that's just what I'm seeing right here. And the four hour, like I said, we have to really break down from this low right here. And even then, I mean, really, it's like,
You look at it from like a swing perspective, I mean, above 42K, you're still pretty bullish. So I could even see this short play out down to around here. It was 42.600 and even take up just from there. Ideally, if we drew, wanted to draw a fib on Bitcoin, you would want a return down to this lower level.
That would be getting you close to a fair market value if we think that Bitcoin is destined to expand from here. What is this? Waves shit? I was reading some news. This shit fucking died. But yeah, I just wanted to break that down. If you guys have any questions or any coins you want me to do TA on, just let me know. You can drop it in crypto chat or in the comments on here. It's up to you. I'll look at waves actually.
What is this fucking frizz just posted? Oh, something. It's really filled these fair value gaps here. I mean, that's the crazy thing with these coins that realistically the last strong daily levels you have are down here. It's not to say that we'll return there anytime soon, but...
If you did, be a buyer. Also, I know there's some news about Waves being a Ponzi or some shit, but I don't know. I have no idea what it does. I tried to look at its website and couldn't figure out, so that's not good. Oh, I just have some news. Luna and Waves. Oh, I guess that worked out. I really didn't even mean to...
Go over waves. So yeah, this level down here is really your next super strong level of daily support. On the 4-hour, I mean really on the 4-hour, you're pretty much where you need to be. So what you could do in this situation if you're looking to go long. So we're in the 4-hour, we're in the 15-minute.
okay so on with this big of a move i would wait for at least 15 minute confirmation i wouldn't do it in the one in five minute unless you're just trying to scalp for like a quick release bounce but even that it's like just just don't so you have you know obviously lower highs i don't even know you call these lower highs or whatever but um now you have um here you go you have a lower high still but nothing major so what you want to do is just wait till you break this
right you just want to break this so you could set an alarm if you wanted to it should happen fairly soon so you just draw a trend line out the less club or clutter you could say i'm going to set my alarm whenever the line crosses up and just put whatever you put for change of character then you could come in and watch right and then if price does something like this oh it came down cleared it
And then it clears this high over here, clears that. You're going to look for the order block that was before the break of this structure. So, you know, say if this is what's going on, right? You have that. You got your change of character there. And you have your break of structure. You're going to play the order block that resulted in that break of structure. All right. So that's how you'd set that trade up. And then even if price does this, you know, it goes.
all the way up here, but it's going to come back down. And when it does, you're going to look for that. It may take a while. And then to make this even more precise, you can do the same thing you just did. After you've used a 15-minute chart to find this, you can actually scale in and do the same thing on a five or three-minute chart. And what you can do with these kinds of setups, it's a different style of trading that I've kind of messed with a little bit. You can get much lower.
stop losses that are sound, right? And you're just getting more and more confirmation rather than just setting a limit, which limits are great, right? We just use the limits. So I'm not saying always do this instead of setting a limit, but maybe whenever you have something like waves, it just like jumped off the side of a fucking cliff, right? I mean, for one, it did leave a lot of liquidity above, right? Tons up there, right? And you can go in that four or that fair value gap and find some form of order block.
i don't even know what i guess really not there's no consolidation even the five minutes straight free fall you could look for just the 50 you know i guess this you could look for i mean there's a lot of ways you could play that oh yeah i just see what somebody else was talking about yeah guinea's talking about waves but yeah nah um that's how you would really do like the uh most responsible entry so to speak right is um
Make sure you take the time, set those alerts and scale in and get that confirmation rather than just, you know, APN. The next one was Luna.
Luna is just so fucking extended for me like I'm just it sucks because I'm like being a miswar with it but it's just like I just can't make myself buy this shit like at this price and I may regret it later but it's just like against like just look at that shit dude it's literally just like at the top of a fucking tower
You know, it just, I mean, it's strong, but I'm waiting on it. I'm just chilling. So, I mean, my perspective on it's going to be a little biased because I'm going to tell you to wait until we come back down under a hundred bucks. Cause I think I had a target on it originally that was like $110 or a hundred and something. It's above that. So I'm just, I'm chilling on it. But on the 15 minute you would say.
So you're making higher highs, right? Like say if this is Bitcoin, this is what it needs to do, right? So we have...
this high it's getting cleared up right like this major major high it's not like price did what bitcoin didn't hit here and started to break structure and it's just teeter-tattering around it's it literally broke more structure so odds are it's probably gonna continue the upside as long as the rest of the market well luna actually doesn't really give a fuck about the rest of the market so you could look at it from this standpoint all right and then you have this massive institutional candle right here
So you could even play the midpoint of this candle just because it's so big. Or you could scale in and maybe try to find. Yep, there you go. Five minute order block right here. Also, if you look, this is where the change of character. This is the same setup. So look, we have lower high, lower high, higher high. That higher high gets broken. Where's the order block that started it? Right there.
So if you're looking at a day trade setup, you could play maybe a return to this bounce. But then again, you've got to remember the high time frame narrative. I mean, you're literally trying to play. In my opinion, there's better trade setups, but this is how one would do that. And then your stop loss could be just under this low right here.
Right. They say the low of the, you know, that candle, the candle after it. But I've noticed with crypto, you can get stopped out of stuff unnecessarily like that. It's like you could play something like this, though.
Even under this or that low is a pretty low risk to reward and what you would do is you would just go up to find any liquidity that hadn't been swept I like for instance the highs will be the final like whatever strong high sent you to this zone which is most likely going to be this one maybe one just a little bit higher And then also take out the order blocks
and the equal highs and equal lows that you make on the way down, right? So you could even be less greedy. You know, then these are good setups. You can find these kind of setups pretty easily. But yeah, with Luna, I would just say it's, I mean, if you bounce there, you're bullish, right? And if you don't, I think you're coming down. Where to? Maybe not even that far below because you have this right down here.
Luna's pretty strong, it's just so overextended. So, what's the next one? Nier. Yeah, Nier's got a lot of fundamental stuff going on. I mean, you're probably headed so close in this range that, I mean...
You got liquidity at these equal highs. These never got cleared. So I'd throw a line right there. I mean, I'd watch it, though, once you start getting into this area. I mean, really near is one you can kind of just hold on to if you're positioned properly because I think that it has enough fundamental stuff going on. Also, there's rumors of a Coinbase listing.
Just be aware where you're at. That's all I'll say. I'm not going to sell or buy more here, but I like near fundamentally. Watch it between, what is this, $18.23 and $19. All the way from $18.23 all the way up to $20, really. Just watch it in that zone. If you're really heavy, like super, super ungodly heavy, you could maybe trim some. It's up to you. PYR. I think I've heard of this.
Looks decent on the daily. You could retrace, though, for sure. Huge fair value gap down here. Barely been tapped into there. You didn't even have, I mean, it was more than one candle. Also, order block within. A lot of liquidity there, something to keep your eye on. Also, just under fair market value. If you look, though, price is pretty strong through the supply. But it could be like Bitcoin, right?
It's still forming all those price strikes. They have higher high, higher low, higher high. You did start to fall a little bit, but then now you've came up and cleared this high. What you really need to watch for, though, with this, is this could just be liquidity inducement, and it looks like it might be. So you have this higher high, higher low, higher high, lower high. Lower high, it looks like. You're starting to form that change of character. And you're up above an old supply zone.
So on the four hour, here would be an order block. You really just filled the whole thing. I mean, the selling pressure is definitely here. Yes, this is blue or up candle volume colored, but most of this is selling. I'll go ahead and tell you. So I would look for a retracement most likely. Maybe one more pump and higher high. But as with everything, I think we're due for a little bit of a retracement. And it would be healthy. I'm not saying, oh, dude, we're bearish.
you know what i mean but like i do think we could um sorry excuse me i think we could see some um moves to the downside hasn't really confirmed all the way just yet you need to really break but you're leaving very obvious liquidity i mean like just like barcode of equal lows it's under this you'd be looking for that break of structure the downside
but you are in the five minutes so like i said before um we are on a very low time frame um going off of time uh frames or i mean sorry liquidity zones found on the daily so you want to make sure you get like more like a 15 minute maybe even a one hour um change of character which you haven't really got just yet because you have higher high higher low right from here to here you still made a higher low and a higher high
like say up here you would have just came back down and cleared this um done something like this like came down cleared that low came up cutting maybe return to origin of that move and then cleared the low again the same thing as before you'd be looking for the order block that caused that second break of structure and you'd wait for the return to that and after that you're going down to any untapped liquidity down below wherever that is right maybe down here all the way in this
Order block under a huge fair value gap, maybe right at origin of the range, I mean of the expansion. It's not like that unfeasible to see a big drop like that. And it would still be bullish, right? And then you would look for this same price structure down here. So it's super linear in the sense of confirmation and how you apply it.
You just got to be patient and also convicted and like, okay, well, I'm going to wait for a one hour change of character or, or whatever it is that you're looking for and why you're looking for that. You need to be very clear on that way you don't change up and get all paper handed and freaked out. Also, if you look here, we have a huge fair value gap.
Right. Oh, an order block down below. So there's just a lot of stuff pulling you down. You know what I mean? And there's starting to be more pulling you down than pulling you up because this number right here that the market's giving you is just based off of where there are orders and liquidity in the market. If you get to the point where you've sapped up all the liquidity, everybody's selling and selling and no one's buying. OK, well, once no one's buying, even the people who weren't selling are going to end up selling at some point. But really, it just depends on.
whether or not you can break these and continue making new highs. And I appreciate it, Decker. Or decking, sorry. TLM. No, seller. Oh, yeah, seller.
There's a lot of shit going on for it. I'm making a list for you guys, actually. Watch this for this year. And Seller's a big, big player. Really, Seller's just a huge bridge in cross-chain liquidity, which I think is going to be huge. Like, absolutely huge this year. We also have this massive daily alternate bat accumulation, right? On top of an old level of liquidity.
right this candle down here right off of it change of character return to origin down here wherever that change of character originated amazing expansion i mean it's like if you caught that dude you're up you took it profits probably around here though but we left this order block along the way we got left two right and i'll tell you why i probably wouldn't play this one personally well for one it's pretty far up in
premium. For two, I'm more of a playing in order block that's, I found one on the lower timeframes here with this. Here's a four hour, yeah. Right on equilibrium, you know, there's still liquidity. Downblows equal lows here, equal lows here, right?
I could maybe set some alerts here in this zone and see what price gives us, but I just think you're too far extended. Sometimes we'll see price react to those levels, and if it does, that's fine. I'm not going to play it unless I get that change of character on the low timeframes. So I'm big bullish on seller. I just want it to come down to where I can get a position at a sensible price because I'm not going to buy it all the way up here.
It's not like we didn't really get any equity, so you don't want to just buy equity at the bottom and then also buy it at the top. I just set these alerts and they might take weeks to pull off, but once it comes down that level, that's going to be a huge point of interest for me. Because if we look at this bat, which you almost always see a...
50% retracement of CD with bats and sharks in crypto. I mean, we'd be looking at a huge move, over 100% move. And there's also some liquidity up in this area, up here. There's equal highs right there. Not a bad setup. TLM.
To be honest, TLM and coins like this, you've got to be careful with because they can have really good TA, but this is like a game token. For those of you who don't understand what TLM is, it's like you literally play a game and you're rewarded in TLM to stake your NFTs or your virtual real estate. There's just immense selling pressure on this shit.
A whale could just dump whenever they want. They can manipulate price, but they're getting daily drip payouts. They're just going to go to DEXs and just dump it. That's one thing you got to keep in mind with TLM. That's why you see it so wiki. It's just so much selling. It's just like everything's... You already tapped into this zone multiple times. There's really nowhere you haven't. It's like here you've tapped into there.
Here you tapped into right right here So it's like you keep looking for these levels that aren't mitigated and eventually can't really find much of a clean level down here so You could maybe try to play a continuation. I wouldn't probably find something else personally I mean this looks good over here, right? And it looks like reaccumulation. I'll tell you that but I just this coin can be finicky
But you'd be looking for something around 12 cents. See, like here, this is how this setup even works on these charts. So we have, you know, lower high, lower high. Oh, higher high, right? So here was the change of character. And here was the structure, right? So where was the order block that caused this? Well, I would play this lower one because even though this candle is bigger, it did have more volume here. I wonder if this has already been tapped.
Oh, it seemed like this candle.
We had a nice reaction though. See, I mean, that's one position where you might have wanted to play this candle. And this is a good example because even though the break of structure really was before this, that's why I was picking the candle down here. We had the break of structure before this candle. But in reality, this is really what started the major expansion. That's why people get tied up on order blocks sometimes, even myself, and won't play one because there's a wick behind it. But obviously...
we got a nice reaction off this very nice reaction you know you're almost fully actually you are fully out of this trade at these equal highs and that would have given you a the stop loss is like roughly would have given you a four to one six percent move and that's how easy some of these moves are to find if you just pay attention and understand how to dissect price and not just like find the order block and yolo it
But you've got demand at this sound still or not I like this this area better still a Lot of volume on this one candle right after it but And that's around one two three eight and then down here at equilibrium the zone one two one two
If you don't get a reaction, or I mean a continuation from there, like a change of character after the initial downward flush, you could look for maybe some shorts, I guess. But like I said, just be careful with these gaming tokens because they have a mind of their own. There's more fundamental stuff going on than people just trading them. So they can come on and dump, you know, like 100 grand worth at any time. So I don't really fuck with them.
I do see the bullish notion here, though. I do see it. It looks very good. I will say that. That's about it for TLM Trias. I've never heard of these coins. You guys are spitting out some... Oh, I thought I was on a daily. This shit's been around for a while. I have no idea what it is, though. I guess, really, this was the range. Something down.
In this just general zone, there's some kind of lower time frame order block you reacted to and never looked back. That's not always seeming to stop it much. Cleared this high, it looks like. Whatever this shit is, has the fucking zoomies. I'd say you're probably going to hit some crazy shit here if it keeps up with this kind of strength. Oh, it hasn't cleared it yet.
It's crazy. I thought I had. Yeah, you're going to, if you clear this and see that kind of strength, you'll see major highs, but be watching for a reversal right above this level. You've got to wait for that low time frame confirmation to really, you know, cement anything in stone, but just know you're coming up on an extremely strong level. I mean, you've been, this was the strong high that sent us down into this consolidation. So you're going to see some profit taking more than likely.
If not, if you see just insane god candles like this, look for 757, but I don't see that happening. Alcorn, this actually looks pretty good. So you're sitting right at fair market value, probably accumulating because you're starting to get that rounded bottom, right? So sitting at a zone of fair market value, aka also a zone of liquidity, you have this shift, so you're making lower highs.
You were engineering liquidity downside. Actually, no, look. You broke structure right there, it looks like. You broke structure right there. Or wait, no, it's on the wrong to the left. I was like, that didn't look like that. Sorry about that. So right here, you engineered some liquidity down in the form of equal lows, right? Came down, swept that, bullish price action underneath.
But the thing with this is we're just seeing another change of character, right? So you had this higher low, higher low, lower low. So those equal lows actually turned and they got swept. And this is why they're not bullish or bullish. Equal lows aren't always bullish because they can be engineering, you know, that liquidity down below. But all that can mean that price is actually destined to go down. So we have that change of character, right?
What's odd here is the change of character, and then really, I guess you would have said, if this is the change of character, you'd be looking at this as your break of structure. We can see that this order block was completely violated. Yet, if you're playing something in this area, maybe if you're playing a lower time frame, it's interesting when you look at this because...
Yeah, you have a change of character break of structure. Obviously, this was violated, right? This order block didn't really stop much. So then you would look where we bounce off of up here, which I see the levels, right? But, I mean, does that really mean anything? Like, just because we're bouncing off of that, that's almost expected, right? And then what do you do after that? Well, you form more equal highs, aka more reason to go up.
So, now you're engineering liquidity to the upside, which you're probably going to go for. More liquidity to the upside here, right? All that right there is going to get swept.
I see almost more reaccumulation here. And this is why it's important to dissect, right? Because here, you know, you can look at distribution on a confirm, you know, here's your confirmation. But in reality, it almost seems like liquidity inducement, right? Because once you can find these botched distribution schematics or accumulation, you can find possible...
entries based off of the next change of character in the opposite direction, which we haven't really seen just yet, right? But we're engineering it, right? When you notice, oh, here's the equal highs for that, right? So if you're on a one hour, really the change of character is above this. And we're engineering, that looks like the market is engineering that to happen. So we come up, right? Maybe have something like this. And then you break that structure.
maybe form even more equal highs, turn to origin, and then expand from there. And that's where you can get these accumulation schematics because that's why I say it's important to understand what you're doing and not just go by some infographic because when you're out in the field, it's not all the same as on a piece of paper. You have to understand what you're looking at. So, yeah, with Filecoin, we look pretty good in my opinion.
Right, that's why you can get faked out by these distribution schematics. Then you got to realize, okay, well, in the four hour, we're just sitting up above fair market value. Also got some supply above us. You've broken this high very nicely. So you could maybe look at that as a daily change of character, right? I guess down here would be that, actually. That would be the first higher high. And then once you break another higher high here,
Then you can get another entry off of that order block. And what does that happen to be a lot of the times? That's that order block at equilibrium that we look for. So Filecoin looks pretty good. The rest of the market holds up. You can see $29. I would be weary, though, of the rest of everything else. I would wait for almost confirmation with Bitcoin. And once you have that, then you can come back to these setups that were pretty bullish. I'll actually give this a look, depending on.
how Bitcoin looks. Yeah, Seller is working with Polkadot. They're working with Cosmos. They're working literally with everybody. Web 3.0. Go over to ENJ. Rune, actually. Rune was another one. We're waiting for these Rune level down here. This is what I'm waiting on. I hope you come up and make equal highs at either of these levels.
That's what I would really like. That would give me more reason to go long at my levels down here. I want the rest of the market to come back down to give these entries though. I want something like this to happen. Like how we had last September. Shake out all the weak hands, return to origin. Because if you look back here, it's the same thing, right? Give me these order blocks at equilibrium. And then those are going to give you some of the better entries, right? So all through here, price was just doing what? Seems like it was actually forming a harmonic structure.
But you have to ignore a lot of this fucking... I would ignore this wick right here, to be honest. You had a bat. Perfect bullish bat. Literally perfect right there. That's why it's weird to see these sequences. I mean, ignore that wick. I don't know what's wrong with that, but these sequences play out with smart money. It's almost like fucking just... It's a phenomenon. I know it's the craziest shit. Yeah, that's Rune. I'm just chilling right here.
I want to see us engineer more liquidity upside like this give us better price targets give us better entries here But I will look for some coins if we sort of consolidate I'll look for certain coins Phil will actually be one of money to change that I don't know why trading views been giving me like the tutorial lately Yeah, I do like ruin over although like file coin because we're sitting down. It's not I wasn't the damn tether chart like how we're sitting right there
I do have liquidity down below with this huge fair value gap, but I do like this for one more push to the upside. Pacehood. I just saw that. ENJ. It's on the 4-hour here. So first off, before I even look for a level to the left, I am noticing high or low, higher or low, lower or low. Here's your first change of character, but it got invalidated, right? Then now you're seeing it again. So what you'd wait for here, you have your first change of character.
This isn't anything yet. We're just waiting, right? So then from there, you got this fair value gap to fill. It's nothing major. You pretty much already filled it. But then you have this order block right here. I'm sure you could scale in maybe to one hour, 15 minute, find better levels. But the context remains the same. You'd be looking for move up to this, mitigation, break of structure.
right, and then down to wherever, right, we'd have, this would be your next break of structure. From there, you have, this would actually probably be more up, but have your order block wherever it is, right, play the limits there, stop loss above the recent high, take profits at major lows and order blocks on the way down, aka here, here, here, actually already broke that, that's right, and you would have a nice setup.
Probably something like this. It's a nice 8 to 1. And this is the thing.
Get the percentage doesn't matter as much if you're sizing your present positions properly The percentage doesn't matter that much because even it's just for us to reward Because yeah, this is 12% but even if this was you know 5% and a 0.5% stop-loss you can go if you use the video that I put a video up that you guys can use to learn to size your positions if you use that formula whenever you're in a position that has a very tight stop-loss and
it has to be um you don't just make your stop losses tight and cheat to try to make this formula work because it has to be done properly but when it's done right you can get into these positions extremely heavy because no matter what you're still losing the same amount you know no matter what if that stop loss hits you're losing one percent of your port but if the stop loss is one percent away we'll just say right well on 10x
you're going to be able to put 10% of your port in there. And if that's the case and you gained 120% of 10% of your port, I mean, that's an amazing day. That's enough money to make for the whole week, right? Theoretically, relevant to your capital.
It's very easy to find these setups. You've just got to be patient and you've got to apply yourself. And don't just try to play the first one you plot. Get comfortable plotting plays out, doing exactly what I'm doing, and don't even take them. It's totally fine. Trade 365 days a year. Crypto, Forex, everything ain't going anywhere. I promise. Don't get afraid to lose out on bull runs for stuff and this and that. Because if you're trading, all you need is volatility. You don't even need...
Once you actually know how to trade, you don't really need bull runs and bear markets and this thing. You just know how to trade. Equity is what you should have bumbled on for that, and you should have bought equity when everything's cheap, right? Anyways, let me look at sand, and I'm going to hop off here. I got you, Buzz. I have this mark, but I'm going to take it off.
I mean, dude, sand is honestly... It's like, even the crazy thing with sand is, like, you look at this, like, you never even made a lower low than way back here in November. Like, higher low, higher low, higher low. Like, that's the crazy thing when you... Obviously, you did up here. But I'm saying, like, you never broke some of these, like, weekly levels, right? Like, sand on the weekly looks bullish as can be, right? Now, if you go to...
This and your strong high as this and or your strong low as this strong highs up here Engineering more liquidity the upside you got equal lows up top your range I mean equal highs. I'm not you know, I mean Order block now. We probably have something better level inside of this So here we come down First higher high on the four hour. Maybe it would have been cleaner for down the one hour
All right, then you make your second higher high. All right, so you're gonna have two levels. I'm just gonna throw lines on there, drop boxes, but here's your one order block. You guys get the job right now. Here's a second one. Like I said, we're in the four hour. You could probably find better levels. Stop loss would be the major low down here if you're playing a swing. You know, some people tell you just another order block, but as you can see, that doesn't work out. But if you use the major low, right, you're straight. We'll say you've got some,
They've got equal lows right there and liquidity down here. You got some reason to go down, we'll say. All right, but you're getting this same structure right here. You come down to this level, right? Still got, on the lower timeframes, you can see obviously had a change of character here. Now, if we look over here, starting to see the same thing. Lower high, right? Oops, what just happened?
There's your first higher high at a lower high lower high Higher high. So there's your change of character. That's where you had that break of structure That was made by the change of character order block This actually could be a good setup too and the way you can even fine-tune this more Leave all the stuff plotted up put a horizontal ray right there watch
This is how you can just play these levels. I mean, you know, using these levels alone is pretty good. But once you really can understand what's going on and what to look for, that's when you can really fine tune your trading. Because instead of setting this limit, which probably would work, where it wicks and then it chills a little bit, you can actually set an alarm and come back in and dissect price again and again and again and continuously do it until you're so sure. Right. And this is how you take the.
the odds and try to put them in your favor until you get the um the higher time frame narrative confirmed and also give yourself higher probability setups with a lower risk and also i appreciate you too man i enjoy teaching you guys so i'm glad that it's helping you all um yeah i'm gonna hop off here on that note i appreciate all of you just let me know if you have any other questions peace
