casper what's up trying to get this um first of all i want to make sure my sound's good because i saw this i was watching this other video and it seemed like it was kind of laggy um and i gotta get this i'm still learning stream labs it's pretty dope but if this works no are you talking about the 8 30 midnight open video yeah yeah like you see in the beginning it was kind of like choppy a little bit oh slightly yeah i think it got better though
i need to remove my window capture yeah it did get better i think it got louder let's see i gotta put this yeah it's like this software is like really good but i'm still like a new with obs so bear with me for a second guys window capture it was doing this yesterday it just like wasn't wanting to work for whatever reason um there we go that okay why am i it's above everything hold on
Okay, that looks good. I had to change my camera settings a little bit. I look like ass for the fucking ghost. It's just pale as shit because the screen's bleaching my skin. Let me make this picture video a little smaller. Cool. All right. Now I'm good. What's up, Zero? What's up, everybody? I didn't take any trades today. We're going to go over an example of something we taught in the private class yesterday.
Those who are in play but well will understand this very clean price action and also I like the redelivery of this balanced price range So you had this imbalance right here that resulted from the kind of pivot back up into these stops and Into that higher time frame little buy to sell range that we talked about Now we're not at a premium yet. So the bias would still be bullish based off of that You know, this morning was a pretty massive drop
And during that 8.30, the PPI that came out. So as price came down, pre-market coming into right in a 9.30, we took a low.
right at the open and then move very very rapidly away from it so when that happens you know we have I wish I would have traded this to be honest I just wasn't watching I had a bunch of calls I to do traded right back in this order block right there you could target either the balance price range I will say the risk reward wasn't the craziest depending on how you put your stop and sometimes that's that's kind of just the way it goes with indices some days you won't get really good risk reward but you know you can get
pretty confident setups you know what i mean so like let's say if you did it to here i mean it's only 1.5 nothing wrong with that if you know the model you're you're using has a very high hit rate but the reason that um maybe i wouldn't even have traded this because i don't really have a model to target this balance price range i just looked at it as a potential draw because there's also a one hour breaker but we're now traveling above that so overall you know if we're looking at the daily chart on um indices
You know, we haven't traveled into a premium yet of this little dealing range. Now, if you draw it, I think now, yeah, like this, because if we look, price kind of came down, came up and closed. So we could look at this as a pivot point, either one of these, if you want to be a little bit more precise. And I think with dealing ranges, it's really important to do that because, you know, if we're looking at, you know, where did the impulse really happen? You know, yes, this is the swing high.
But whenever we travel up to this high, we see that massive wick down and then a push back up. So on lower timeframes, you know, that's going to be a new low and a new high and then new lows. So I want to find where the impulse is. And that's why it's really important to find where there is, you know, I like the term meat on the bone, so to speak, or the sweet spot of the range, because that's where the, wherever the displacement occurred from, you know, those candles, that's where.
big money was getting involved. So just because something's a swing high or a swing low doesn't mean that that's going to be your dealing range. So we've got this fair value gap fill on the daily. If we're going to hop down to a four hour, we've got this buy to sell range that we've tapped into once. Oftentimes I like price to tap into these zones twice, but we've also got this massive void up here in a premium. So an equal high. So I think that price will still travel a little higher here.
Now, this is gonna be something to get over. I don't know how it will be, you know, if that'll be today or not, because this looks like a pretty clean sell, you know, fair value. Yeah, but it was news-induced, so I always take those with a grain of salt. Also, if you use the IDR range, which is gonna be from, where is it, 930 to 1030.
You know, we've closed above it. So that would be in that regard a bullish signal. And also we haven't tapped back up into that 830 opening price yet. So I think the midnight opening price has been tapped, if I'm not mistaken. That was another reason that I liked this range right here. We talked about some of this in the private class. You can see that, you know, we tapped into that balance price range. You know, again, we have an imbalance right here. We have this massive imbalance. And then if you want to draw a fib,
and let's do why am i going up here i don't know what my brain's doing ote it's right at 705. so i think that would have been a good draw um for the day we might go a little lower here but overall i think that the price is going to want to go back into a
a premium i could be wrong it may just go you know where we're at but um you know we came up in optimal trade entry a 15-minute breaker block so that it looks like the final tap we've rated liquidity into that now and on the one minute you know we're starting to show that displacement down so you know we are trading in this fair value gap so we are likely to get a bounce here but
I would be Watching the PM session to see what kind of liquidity gets attacked after lunch And that's kind of how I would frame what I'd be looking for because you could easily see a sell-off or just a consolidation Because it seems like most of the daily range kind of could have been accounted for this news drop
Somebody asked, why doesn't ICT work on crypto? It definitely does. But it's just anything with crypto is going to be a little sloppier, a little bit. You got to take it with a grain of salt. So if you're trading crypto, I would recommend using higher time frame setups. Like don't try to trade every single day. You know, what I like to do is watch the four hour or the daily and watch for those really sweet spot setups to that way. You know, you're getting your money's worth and your time's worth. You're not sitting there watching crypto all day.
When you could watch something much clearer like Eurodollar, S&P 500, or numerous other more organized, so to speak, pairs. The way I like to look at it is it's almost like professionalism. Like Euro and oil, cable.
Nasdaq has some P even us 30 Aussie dollars so many pairs you could like get in tune with that Trade much better than Bitcoin like I don't know what it's gonna take for people to realize like you You don't if you want to be a trader if you want to be in this game Like you're here to be a trader and you want to trade for a living You're not gonna only trade one asset for the rest of your life or much less one asset class You know if you get it very experienced you'll understand that
there's different seasonality. Like Forex does really good in the winter, right? You know, indices don't because the holidays, there's just a lot of different stuff that goes into play of trading, you know, as your, your, you know, your career, so to speak. And it's not going to be.
It's not going to ever be just so black and white that we can just trade crypto futures forever. So a Bitcoin chart, I'll read it for you. What I see is a range being accumulated right here. We've already taken the buy side. Seems like we wanted to push up, but it didn't quite get there. I still like this point of interest right here. So I think this is going to be our draw, like this fair value gap and all these lows. I think that's the current draw. I mean, I know we're pushing up. I could be wrong on this.
that's that but let me go on a chart that i haven't marked up so if we look here yes the displacement is moving up like we're taking out highs um
We took out highs over here, displacement, traveled back down to a discount, took out the buy side. So now we've traveled up with a displacement, right? So we've taken this out. And that's why I like this POI because this is the last thing in this imbalance as well, where we traveled up and took structure like that. Now, this is just consolidation. We're taking liquidity here, taking liquidity here, taking liquidity here and here. So it just seems like a lot of stuff's getting liquidity grabbed. And we have this high over here that got taken.
All right, and you see all of this price when we're getting up in these regions, if we go to the lower timeframes, we're starting to get that manipulation, so to speak. And when I look here, oops, wrong tool. I see potential, I mean, this would be a stretch, to be honest, as far as power of three goes. But, you know, you could look at it like that. I almost want us to take this high, but.
The stock market starts rallying you'll probably take move up into this high, but I still want that POI to the downside And it's okay if it doesn't get hit I mean, I'm already in long as we've been on long since this area right here, but uh
Yeah. And overall, if you're wondering more like an overall bias, if you haven't been tuning the streams, I do want us to travel up into this fair value gap here, like that 18. And then also the 17. What is it? I know it's 18, 200. I think this is an overall target for any kind of longs within this range. I would be weary of, you know, kind of trying to hold and think this is the bottom or something. You know, I do see the possibility of the daily power of three where we have this accumulation range, manipulation, distribution.
But again, you know, let's not try to swing for the fences and just, you know, somebody could have said the same thing about this range, so to speak. They could have said, oh, it's accumulation, you know, manipulation, distribution. And, you know, until it happens, until you come back into the range with force, it's nothing. It's just an idea. It's a possibility. So you want to make sure you are, well, I just realized my screen. Hold on one second. Damn, you guys haven't even been able to see half this shit on the fucking YouTube.
that sucks hold on sorry about that somebody should have said something um somebody said you saw you could oh yeah i did see someone said that we can trade on um binance now i want to put a um chat box hold on one second i want to see if this works maybe two seconds guys
alert box chat box where is it there's a way i can put oh here it is right here i don't know if it works with youtube i think it does so let's see chat box new source youtube see if this works somebody say something in the chat let's see if this works the type of chat maybe it does maybe it doesn't background should be black i don't know why it's doing that
oh it says something i see it right there but it doesn't you can't see for some reason um give me a second guys hold on see if this fixes it maybe maybe not i don't know why it looks like that yeah it works but you can't really see it that well maybe i'm just tripping i'll leave that there for now but anyways um yeah bitcoin i think it's important not to try to jump the gun here i know everybody wants the bitcoin bottom to be a thing
it could be i very you know i can definitely see the possibility of it right we tapped this monthly fair value gap a monthly breaker block to kind of tap into the wick at least we've rated liquidity into it already tapped into it there you guys have been here for a while know i talked about that but for me for like an overall bottom to be called at the very least i want to get a daily you know displacement break of this high and that's you know pretty far off but i do think we are starting to retrace this area you can look at this zone
As well, which is 20k that would be another psychological level that little buy-to-sell range you could focus on this order block if you wanted to But I do see some upside in the near future. I'll have to fix that chat box. I don't it looks weird There's something in stream chat. Oh I just now saw where LZH said something look at euro
Let's start trading your own more. I've been watching a lot and I really I really like the price action I've also I was I was back testing this strategy like here Let me show you guys this and that this was like over like a week's price at or a week's price action and This software is really fucking dope by the way guys Let's see if I can go to the analytics of it
it's pretty crazy so this on a 300 000 account this is uh a four hour and a 15 minute strategy i was using like i mean and this i'll show you how this works so you guys know i didn't like i could there's no way i could have known um but it's one of those where it's like you have to hold the full tp and it had some drawdown it was like two and a half percent drawdown or no no no it was three percent drawdown
I think at one point, but you look, look at that. I mean, it's pretty fucking crazy. It's 73,000 profit and loss. Um, but you see it started out in some drawdown, which is fine. It was like, yeah, 3% in drawdown. So it was like a little over nine grand or this on a 300 K account, assuming. Um, but I'm going to continue to test it. And it was super simple. I was just like, damn, like, this is funny. It was so much, so much simpler than what everybody like tries to do.
But with Euro, I like it because it moves really well in correlation with DXY.
I think that if you find something that you can use a barometer that is accurate, that's a huge advantage. Um, you know, DXY works well with indices, but it doesn't work as well as it does with like Euro dollar or cable, but, um, it, it's still, uh, it's, it's a very nice tool. So here with, um, DXY to kind of give an update from what we gave on Monday when we started the week out, this started the week out.
it was right around here when i was streaming on monday in this area and i said we had a couple targets you know i noted this target i noted up even higher and originally i wanted it kind of higher right i was looking at this
all this up here but then we notice in the daily there's that volume imbalance which we talked about is low hanging fruit and this is a really good example of why it's always good to not try to shoot for the fences like you want to make sure you you are aware where it could go and be aware of to you know be ready to change your bias or or this wouldn't have been changing bias but it's it's good to be aware of all possibilities is the point i'm saying but as you guys can see low hanging fruit wins a lot of the times look at that i mean nice reaction off that into the rest of the week and
classic um bearish power of three on uh the dollar where is the so um on the weekly where's my little thing oh it's why is it over here um so weekly open
It's not, no, I shouldn't say classic because we didn't really move finally under the weekly open. But if you look, we had this bullish move. We were talking about what happened early in the week. And then there's Tuesday. Here's Wednesday. So look, we see this manipulation. Monday kind of creates a range, right? So your range.
is right here, right? You could use that or you could even use this if you want it to be more specific. So you have a range here. So we see whenever we're looking for a bearish power of three, we want to see that Monday range get manipulated into Tuesday and Wednesday. What exactly we see? Tuesday takes the previous daily high. Wednesday takes the previous daily high. Actually, we had taken already. We moved up into, we took this high on Tuesday and then
I guess technically you did take the previous daily high if you're not going by sessions. Again, during the Asia session, we took that Asia session, and this is where I took that Euro trade that we recapped, took it right into the daily volume imbalance. So it's a good lesson for using the daily chart to identify potential points of reversal, and then using time and price to identify when the likelihood is we're going to put a high of the week or a low of the week.
Using that in accordance with your trades, you know for instance if you see this well you can say that you know the rest of the week for dollar or Pound dollar everything might be bullish and if we see from Wednesday on if you were looking for buys you did well It's not the most explosive week, but you know same thing if you're looking for sales on dollar cat Until today at least where it took all this liquid, but you are doing well
sells on dollar yen you are doing well let me actually look at this this is a setup i'm probably watching into the next week we took care of and took these highs it's equal highs no displays on the downside yet but i think the overall target for the dollar if we start if we continue to um we close out the week like this it'll be uh
depending on how we open up on Monday, because we came into a premium here of this most recent dealing range. You know, we really don't have much up in this range that I would see as much value, except maybe this order block right here. So you would still have unmitigated points of interest in premium of the range, but we have came into a premium. And if we look at like a four hour or one hour, you know, you've definitely broken down with displacement. You know, whether you talk about this or there, right there, you smash down.
So we've traded in this order block right here. It kind of pushed us down through that level. So if we continue down and we see the bearish order flow continued, which it looks like it is right here, we're seeing, I'd ignore this wick right here. I mean, we're looking at breaking out of the load displacement. So if we continuously see that, what I would like to see overall is this weekly fair value gap. And it also correlates with the monthly order block.
So whenever you see at really high time frame levels within other really high time frame levels, it can help add confluence to that zone. So if that happens, we would look for more bullish energy moving into the next week. Now, something else to keep in mind for the next week is we do have interest rates on the 14th, which is two days before the stock index future contracts close.
Or no, it's on Friday the 16th. So next Wednesday, we're going to have that news. And then Friday, the contracts are expiring. So there's going to be a lot of madness going on next week. And plus, everybody's getting ready for the holidays. So I say that. Who knows what should it be? It could be the most boring week ever. But I would be aware of all of those different fundamental factors.
We have CPI Tuesday, FOMC Wednesday, and then quad witching on Friday. Yeah, so that's going to be a fucking shit show next week, to say the least. Hunter, you need to look at this strategy I was testing on this 4x replay. This is out of five trades. And it's not like, it was literally...
like four hour to 15 minute like that's only two time frames you use well i mean you use the daily i guess but you don't use it mechanically like i just use it like for swing structure like okay what are we bearish or bullish but i was watching it and like i was like i need to continue testing this because like i was uh looking at it and i was like damn like you know i probably wouldn't have held those like that but if i had enough data in it i would you know what i mean like
what i would probably do is just try to do myself like if i can get this like super mechanical on just euro dollar and maybe one other pair um because it was like how much was it yeah so like look it was 60 days right and i think it took it took a while or no no so you would actually never mind so i started at january for or 11th
It was the first day I took a trade. So if you're doing a challenge, it starts January 11th. You have the 30 days. So then it went down 3,000, down 6K. Or no, it was down a total of 6K.
um here and then you made or you were up 27k so you would have almost met or no yeah no you would have almost met the um or no you know you would have met the my forex funds challenge so you would have passed the challenge there and then yeah you definitely passed it within 60 days so i don't know i'm gonna do more it's obviously five trades you know that doesn't really mean much but i wanna i'm gonna just do the whole year like i'm gonna like try to go one day because the only thing i don't like about this software
and look at this it does like all days and everything looks like fucking thursday and wednesday was banking but um
the thing about uh the software that i the only thing i don't like is like let's say if i wanted to restart like if i wanted to go back in exactly where i left off with this i couldn't you have to do it like all at once so you have to realize you can do the same strategy and i could go on the date i could go okay i'm starting february 24th you know what i mean but it's not gonna have like it'll have the p and l and stuff overall and like the win rate overall of the whole strategy but not like the this that
that session is this session. So like you have your strategy, right? So you can basically create strategies and like, okay, like, you know, whatever you wanted to create and you can put a mechanical description. So it's like, you know, you have a trading plan with it and then, um, test it for, you know, three months, a year, whatever you want to do it. But you have to kind of, the strategy itself, you'll be able to look over here and you can see this. You can be like, okay, it's it overall it's gained this much percent, but it's kind of like, damn, I wish I had the elite.
analytics on all of it you know yeah but it's still dope nonetheless cool yeah it'd be fire um and you can like like let me just show you how you start a uh thing let's say just like i'm not gonna do a strategy i'm just gonna do i'm just gonna do random all right let me save oh i didn't do the dates the date
and you can have it going back oh you can go four years back on the one minute chart oh my god yeah so watch and it's cool because you can't like look what this is what i tell people on trading view like you can i mean you really can't back test to be honest because and look how the candle so like i can edit how many so like it's in one minute increments so like with every tick i can make it do 10 minutes so let's say
I go on a one hour and I do that. Look at the candle. It's going to actually print. It actually shows how the candles are moving. Isn't that awesome? That is cool because with the TradingView replay, sometimes it's cool. I could do this now too. This is what TradingView does. This is TradingView. I can do one hour per print. It'll do this. It'll still move a little bit, but it's like...
But yeah, you can so I can now look how setting a position is so like if I wanted to set a long position oops
so if i wanted to set a long position here right and i said okay i'm just gonna stop loss here and you know do this whatever i gotta place order one okay it's not working i'm talking okay there's a bug it's doing this shit again well i'm talking good shit about it now it's gonna bug on me let me refresh it but um but usually when it when it's working because i will say i think it's a new software because the team is like super fucking responsive um
And I can just tell it's kind of growing still, but it's not bad. Like there is some issues you'll have like this shit. It says there's a problem saving your chart and it'll just do that. I don't know why, but it still saves it. And I was talking to somebody in the team. They got back to me like instantly. So here, look, it's working now. So I could say I want to risk 1% and it automatically puts in the levels from the fucking tool.
No, that's fucking cool. So I can do market. Okay, save now. I've got a market order and I can just, okay, and see how it goes. You know what I mean? You could actually like watch the trade. You know, if you, this is on a four hour chart, so I'm going to do like, so you could actually like watch it and see how it moves. Isn't that dope? That's, it's so awesome.
yeah simulation is oh i did only for days that's right i did it for eight but yeah it's fucking awesome bro super super awesome i was trying to talk to them to get like a discount for everybody in play but but they're still they said they're importing that feature so we'll see but i see a lot of people asking in their discord the same thing but yeah it's super fucking awesome software but like you can and i that's why they this makes it easy because i've done shit like soft forex and like that shit is fucking horrible like
it's like on metatrader and it's like you have to manually input everything and it's just like very discouraging to people most people are already discouraged to do this so i think it's real you can tell that whoever made this like was sick of backtesting um systems you know i mean the team was like okay like they actually trade because that that right there that's a massive time saver like i backtested a month's worth of price action using intraday strategies in like 30 minutes to an hour
was not long that's so insane you know what i'm saying i'm like bro this is like that is so clutch yeah it's it's fucking awesome so big shout out to forex replay i actually after you showed me that i found there's an options backtesting strategy um through tasting
that you can just go you can backtest as long as you want i think it has like 20 years worth of data where you can just backtest different option strategies 20 years that's fucking crazy there's one that it was like um i think it was like a short strangle or something silly and it was like 90 win rate your fucking average win was like
200 and then your average loss was like 40 or some i was like yep that's fucking clutch yeah that's fuck isn't that a lot of it i did for just a lot of it i did for just throughout this year to kind of see how different strategies worked on this specific pair market that we're in and that show will give you such confidence to just like go hard like and just like the big thing i think that'll help a lot of people with is like for one
Developing like a various because like some people are gonna misuse like you don't just go in there and like fucking Oh, I'm play trading like you need to like that strategy shit the description is there for a reason you'd be like If for our internal structure displacement structure is bullish, you know, I'm looking at the 15 minute, you know You have to I'm refining to this time frame every time and you can like literally go in there and continue this one I'm using the last candle this one I'm using the whole buy to sell range
This I'm using fair value gap entries on a one minute. This I'm using them on a five minute. You know what I mean? If you really want to put the time in and do all that, you can develop such like a confident fucking strategy that, you know, it'll be, it's just going to be paramount to like building like, like, you know, something where you trade and you're just like actually really happy with what you're doing and you're not like sitting there tweaking out like, oh fuck, fuck, what's going to happen? You know what I mean?
yeah and that's key right there because that'll help your your your psyches just so much yeah hey real quick are those uh kill zone indicators at the bottom of your chart what is that what indicator is that it is i think it's just like ict kill zone so i tried to find another kill zone indicator and it was just yeah this one right here enrico amato
That one that's super beautiful. Thank you, of course. Yeah, it's way better. The other ones will be like fucking Like it'll look like oops, let me do that. It'll be like this on your screen like you're in a kill zone It's like a massive like a little fucking red box like a highlighter across the screen Yeah, this looks real look ready to me
And you took out all these equal lows too. And that went into a four hour point of interest. It's order block. Yeah. You got a big old bearish divergence on the 15 too. Too much stuff. That's where I have like OCD. If I start just having too much shit on my chart, I'm like, start just deleting shit. Yeah. Impulsively. I thought I changed my settings for this. Putting the text in the middle for the lines is so much better.
I answered somebody's question. I see there's a bunch. Somebody said, what is an IPA? Inefficient price action. It's something that gets thrown around a lot. To be honest, some people mark them different. You might have seen somebody else that is calling it something else. To me, IPA is inefficient price action. For instance, I'll find something really quick.
Like this would be efficient price action. So like for instance, like you trade down Price comes up and fills that fair value gap, right? You know all through here. This is all efficient price action, so to speak So all the gaps have been filled, you know prices trading efficiently right now once you have something like this You know until we trade back into right here. This would be inefficient price actions just wicks not touching each other So it's just another I'm term for like fulfills of fair value gaps
It's just a good little, you know Abbreviation if you're trying to like say FF school to like fulfill, but it's a solid same thing. It's like for instance like, you know This right here is an efficient price action. All that is so A lot of different words to describe similar things So Bjorn Tony said in the longs how you we've been in I'm fucking paying my forex funds Christmas with swap fees
Thanks. Can you please give me some suggestions on your experience? Every time I take a trade on Bitcoin, my stop losses get taken. I'm sure that's you and a lot of people. And you said you used the 15 minute and the one minute for entry. So my biggest advice would be to kind of chill on the one minute unless you're layering it. So like for instance, let's just find some examples. If we have, I don't know, let's find something.
Before let's say let's go back before that the death started And I'll show you guys this was when Bitcoin was actually fun as fuck to trade So for instance like, you know It's not gonna have enough state on a one minute for this though. It's my problem. Well You know if you have this like four hour range right here You can include that wick if you want but I wouldn't so here, you know, you'd go down to a 15 minute
This is this is the way I would trade Bitcoin and once you get in that for our Supply zone you want to look for displacement
Right so you can kind of with with Bitcoin, you know like using ICT intraday It works. I'm not gonna tell you it doesn't work, but it's just it's harder It's just harder to spot it and like everybody's always gonna go do here It is they're gonna pull up a chart in hindsight, but it's just not as as easy as like S&P 500 so like I would be just trading like four hour the 50 minute if you're gonna do one minute I would be waiting till you get up in this read the reason I'm using this is I actually took this trade, but you want to wait till you get up in
This region and another thing I would recommend if you're getting stopped out a lot Like if you're getting stopped out and the trades going your way start requiring a raid. So like for instance Here So like after we come into the POI, we're just kind of mosey done in here. You don't want to trade from right here It's like oh we displaced and broke structure down Yeah, that's true. But what you can do to avoid getting stopped out is just wait for you have to have a raid So one thing about
Bitcoin is super manipulated. So if you're aware of that, be like, okay, well, I'm not going to trade until we raid once we've came into my buy or sell zone. So like once you come into the zone, wait for a raid. Like once you're in your four hour zone, go on your 15 minute, wait for a raid and then wait for that displacement down.
Then look, okay, what caused the displacement down and I would also always recommend once you have this raid you want to try to use this as your stop loss in my opinion if you're trading this just because you know, it's if you try to say, okay, well You know, here was the last little range. You know what? I mean, you're gonna get stopped out You're gonna be big sad and then Bitcoin does the dash about you But I always recommend rate waiting for a raid using the high timeframes and trying to use that high resistance run on liquidity as your stop
Because a lot of times, like, look at this, you know, people could have got stop-hunted here, then it came down and broke structure. They say, oh, I'm shorting again. I'm going to short right here. And then they get stopped out again, and then it just goes without them. And that's happened to me. But that's why I think it's really important to just include or require a rate on liquidity in your trade plan.
AU with a 15-minute tap and sweep into POI. I actually have this marked up. It's Friday this late, or I would be trading this. Now, for me to want to get involved here, I'd want you to take that low with displacement. So you've got a stretch to do. I mean, it could happen. And also be aware that the dollar isn't looking super bullish.
That actually doesn't look too bad on the 15-minute, but overall, on the four-hour, it kind of looks like shit here, in my opinion. I mean, yeah, you came in this order block, so. And that weekly open. Again, it's just at that point, we're at the end of the week. We've already had a big range today on these assets because that news, PPI, so it's like, don't get greedy. Don't expect a bunch from anything like this. Somebody says they like Italian women. Nice, nice, DB. Appreciate the info. Link shorts.
This is funny. I almost just read it out loud without like seeing what it was The link shorts don't look horrible. It's kind of tracing the order flow
You don't see this is something I wouldn't I wouldn't be considering because you didn't get at the top of that Above all this hot these highs came talk but like for instance like for me to want to get involved here I would want you know a massive push up and then get that high resistance run on liquidity because then you lower your wrists to get stopped out now you might you know you're lowering your chances of getting in a trade too, but like Anybody that will tell you this that has been trading a while or is you know profitable is
Less is more. Don't worry about missing. Missing trades should be the last of your fears. That should be the last thing. It's FOMO. Everybody talks, oh, I don't have FOMO. A lot of people do. I like this. The higher timeframes look good on the daily range. We definitely look like we're coming back down to discount pricing. We've got liquidity and a discount, so a nice draw right above that zone that we talked about the other day in stream. Really good setup. You've established a draw on liquidity.
And we're saying, okay, well, we're going down towards this. So how do we get active? Well, we're going to follow the order flow. So if we look right here, we kind of formed a low, a high displacement under the low. So we held that displacement. So that tells me we're going to go lower. We're seeking something. You know, if you have that displacement breaker structure down, you're going after something. So you've got two areas. You got liquidity there and liquidity there. Have we tapped either of them? No. Now you go to your lower timeframes or whatever you use to execute. Now this may be good enough for you. Like I see it, you know.
So it's like, you know, you take out a low and you took out a low right here. It definitely gave entries. But for me, I want a raid. So it just doesn't match my trading plan. But, you know, I do see the idea. And you've got, you know, oops. You've got pretty clear targets. You know, if you got in on a lower time frame, you've got this. You've got this, you know, for like low-hanging fruit. And really low-hanging fruit would be these equal lows right there.
And so you see how you can establish a drawing liquidity on a higher time frame and then I hop down on a 15-minute and I find a scalper, you know, maybe, you know, you have an entry model up here and you can just target into these lows. So a lot of different ways you can attack that. But for me, I would have wanted to rate up into the highs. I wish I could repeat that for you. Bloom.
i uh i'm not sure exactly what it was if you give me some more context i might be able to zero asked how do i determine daily bias um what i recommend is is my voice like loud on youtube it looks it says it's being loud as maybe not i don't know but um for uh daily bias what i would recommend is keep it simple so for instance if i'm looking at um es
The most recent displacement is going to be this right here. So if we're in a discount, I'm looking for us to travel to at least an equilibrium or a premium. If I don't see anything on the daily chart, I can go to four hour and one hour to try to refine. Hey, what is it going to?
Well, it could be going to this zone now notice it's still in a discount, but the zone itself This is a strategy of mine. Some people may not agree with this But if I have this order block right here and it's you know both in a premium and in a discount I will still watch it. So if you see price traveled up into it and Very nicely should its pants and now seems like we might be traveling down So we traveled back up into this breaker block
You know, so the bias overall that I want, I want to see a little higher, but it might not happen today. I don't think it will. We'll see.
You know big push down. So now we've kind of came up traveled up in this imbalance Now, you know, we I think there's a good possibility we go down But again, it's just lower probability because we have high impact news You've just most the daily range has already been accounted for it's been this chop You could have got active on some longs with low risk to reward. But again, it goes back to less is more Let's see
I just now saw this. My bad Hunter and Haas. I need to figure out this new PC. I don't get notifications sometimes on Discord. It's like if it's open. Did I change the kill zone indicator? A few of the times don't seem right.
Um, most likely. Oh, yeah, I did. Actually, I did. So what I did was I made London Killzone, or New York Killzone in London, just for me, because I know it's 7 to 9, but I put 8 to 1 p.m., and that's just a pretty wide range. I just have it just for backtesting, because I was testing and stuff, but you can edit it to however you want. Oh, actually, no, no. I deleted the right one, because when I added those two a second ago.
I deleted, um, one of them. I just, I'm glad you said that or I'd be sitting here and close. And why is it doing this? Um, why is there two Asia open starts? I guess that's the end supposed to be. That's right though. So this is, why is it? I guess it has to be back one now. I would say, okay, two, um, do eight 30 and keep it at that. If it'll let me, it won't.
i'm glad you said that because i don't remember editing it like this though to be honest but when i added that new one to show you guys the thing i didn't um it just seemed a weird to me because you can't do like 30 minute intervals either yeah seven to ten i'll just keep it at that because that's really i want basically my thing was i wanted to have this all together oops wrong way
There we go. That was how I had it before is I just had like this New York open to the London close all together because that's like my sweet spot trading range It's in that area. I'm actually make this eight There we go So and you can edit that however much like, you know, you can just delete all of them except one and make it You can make the color white if it should doing this to me. It's fucked up Oh, I thought I moved it to
Why is that even an option? I guess, you know, if you're analyzing that stuff. And I have not gone over dollar swissy CJ. Let me look at that right now. I haven't even looked at it actually. Yeah, no dice out of that zone yesterday. So kind of traveled through it. I'm actually going to just scrap and restart because it seems like it's now seeking lower. You know, this pretty massive displacement range. I mean, if you want to be a little bit more.
And this would go more with the dollar so now I've taken out a sell-side liquidity here And this is a point where you kind of ask yourself. Okay. What would be a likely reversal point? What are we likely seeking towards I like this low? As a potential area, I'm not gonna weekly and see what's there. Yeah, there's an order block right there. So I think that could be a good Yeah, I actually like that. So I'm gonna send an alert for that and that also would match up with the The DXY analysis
So, yeah, so that would be a good draw now that we have taken out this range. And if you want, because I wanted to see maybe a rebound here, but it just didn't happen. Try it up in this fair value gap. If you want to kind of trace the order flow, pretty bearish as of right now. I mean, we did kind of hold up above this high, but you got to look at the context. Yeah, we displaced over high, but into what? Right into a fair value gap.
Could go higher, but again, it's Friday. I think Friday is just a shitty day for trading overall, to be honest, as far as intraday stuff. But, what's my cat doing, little fucker? Quit that. He's a little devious bastard. But, yeah. I would watch, maybe, let's see, I don't want to see what it's talking about.
Maybe watch for a sweep up into this zone and then a reversal if you want to get like a p.m Trade if it doesn't already just move down because if you see It's kind of just showing that displacement. We take this liquidity right here It's equal highs and then immediately came down So, you know short and this is how you can just trade like one minute Like if you were trading this could have traded this fair value gap
you could have already like had a quick two R like that. I mean, that's literally how you can hit these one minute charts. But that's just like using the 15 minute and that's for scalping because if you hit one of these a day, like let's say you hit that once, you're gonna be done. And that's four grand on a 200K FTMO account if you're risking 1% or six grand on my Forex funds. So, you know, now yes, you can try to pair with your higher timeframe analysis to extend your targets, but you don't necessarily have to. It's not like you have to do that.
in order to make good money but yeah overall i would say the draw is probably moving down into this low after that though you could see some some pretty nice longs because you have that weekly order block that we you know rocketed off of um yeah that would be that would be pretty ideal this is really when the dollar started to to really push and we took and this is another thing too you know this is a good example of you know you take the buy side into the order block
All right, so you take the buy side into this old, old order block, kind of monthly too. But then what? After you take the buy side into a POI, you're going to take the sell side. That's what we did of the range. So, and now we're kind of coming back down to the point. Now we've taken the sell side. We're moving into a POI. Okay, now we might rebalance or reprice. ICT would have a heart attack. Actually, it would be rebalancing because look at that. Yeah, I actually like this setup.
So you've got that unbalanced price range. Now, again, it's just, it gets all cryptic when people say this. So this is what it means. Okay, we take the buy side into a POI. Now we take the sell side. We've taken a sell side into a POI. Now we reprice because remember, this is bearish price action. So we don't have a reason to take the buy side necessarily. I'm not saying it won't, but based off of that theory,
You would look for a move back to a premium and then a reversal and a continuation. And then now what happens is you did exactly what you did here. You developed a new range right here and then you would say, okay, you may have a POI up here. And then now you're going to take the buy side into POI and you're going to take the sell side. And that's how that is institutional order flow on a higher time from a longer term basis. That's what the algorithm is doing is it's generating ranges.
There is an overall agenda, but it's going to manipulate both sides before that agenda plays out.
It took me a long time to understand what I meant whenever everybody's like buy side, take sell side, take the buy side, take sell. You know, and everybody's like, oh, it took the sales. It rated the lows. I'm going to target the highs. And that's not always the case because you can see, okay, yeah, it took the lows, but, you know, we're not going to look for the highs. We're going to look for premium pricing. So, and you can use other things too, like quarterly opens, monthly opens, all sorts of stuff. But hopefully that kind of helps you guys get all this off my chart.
On that note, though, I'm going to hop off here. It is one. So I appreciate you all coming through. In the private server, we're going to be doing a class on Sunday. So make sure to tune in that. If you want to get access to that, you can use the code that's down at the bottom of the screen in the description and you get a free five day trial.
