What's good? Give everybody a second to get in here. We're going to go over that loss that I took on ES this morning and then go over just general price action. Go ahead and mark this up a little bit better because I've added stuff afterwards. Basically the initial reasoning behind it, whenever, you know, obviously we've been pretty bullish. So the short would just have been to these equal lows here. But when I had this range, we'll replay it a little bit too.
Closer to this morning when we got in the trade So we had this Take these prices off We had this range that we had developed here now I could have been a little bit more liberal with this and drawn it even down here Regardless, I don't I didn't think that we were gonna move back like this This is the wrong candle the wrong line, but
I didn't think we were going to make a move this far, so I was trying to be a little bit conservative with that and just draw this recent range because if you look, we had this range, price came up, made it a higher low, higher high, higher low, higher high. So I saw this as a pretty clean target in a discount, a nice triple equal lows, also the previous daily low. And whenever I came to the market this morning, I saw this shift right here where we came down, we gapped through the low.
So we had that one hour gap and price had came into it early in the morning. So another thing I was looking at was this accumulation right after midnight. So I was looking at that as a potential AMD and it moved into the higher timeframe POI. So I was looking at this as a potential little manipulation.
price cycle right here. And whenever I looked, I saw there was these relatively equal highs that kind of, I was looking at it like, hmm, maybe I don't want to take that. And then I was like, well, I mean, we took the high. That's what you look for, what I usually look for in this scenario. After price taps into a POI, we get a liquidity rate and then that displacement break of structure. So to me, that was enough displacement right there. We left a nice gap. Price already traveled into that gap at the time of the trade.
um and then whenever i looked uh before we got in the trade play it another couple bars right here is where we entered or on this candle i should say and i looked at it like price had getting the first five minute break of structure second five minute break of structure and was returning up into this gap
And after we had that nice one minute push to the downside right here, I was looking at that as, okay, well, you know, the one hours is now given a market structure shift. We're in that daily imbalance at a equilibrium of the daily range. So we got the shift with the gap, price had filled the gap, had this nice little accumulation right after midnight, pushed up in.
So ideally, we would have wanted that to be the high of the day, but we came up and took that high in the New York session, which that was, you know, as far as power of three goes, you don't usually want that to happen. But price came back up there, took that high and then immediately rushed away from it. So I wasn't looking for it to be, you know, a massive, crazy sell off. But I saw this pretty clean target right here, which was the previous daily low and just equal lows. First liquidity in a discount other than this fair value gap fill.
Obviously there's that, but I was just looking at it as the first set of where stop losses would be. And I was also kind of looking at the narrative that where everything pumped up yesterday, a lot of people would be trying to buy because they're looking at it as the market's going to continue. And there was news that came out at 10. So when I'm looking back,
And I'm trying to like, OK, and how could you have avoided that? To be honest, I like the price action. But when I look at it, I probably could have just waited till after the news. That was probably the mistake there because I knew the news was coming. But, you know, to be honest, like I usually won't signal a trade when there's news, but I do take certain trades. Like, for instance, I think it was NQ. I took a trade.
down here right before the PMI came out, very quick trade. That's my Monday, my entire day right there and worked out very nicely. And I was glad that I did that because a lot of times I'll be hesitant to trust my analysis whenever we have something like that going on. But in this instance, I did what I knew I was supposed to do, took the trade and...
This is a different model, of course, but I took the trade, worked out nicely. But today seems like that did not happen, obviously. So recapping it, really the main thing that I could have just waited for is that new home sales, because as soon as the new home sales came back better than expected, the market's going to push after that. So that was on me, but I did want to recap that with you guys and just go over it. So that way we all learn from it.
And also to the people that are just on YouTube, I want to be transparent. It's not all wins. Definitely take losses all the time. It's part of the game and it sucks. But for a second, I was kind of irritated, but then I was like, just another transaction. It's still a profitable week so far, so no worries. But I did want to review that with you guys. So if you guys have any questions on that, feel free to shoot them off. But overall now, obviously we see the market rallied off that news.
We have came above this previous daily high. So I'm not really going to force anything in the PM session. You know, if anything, it would be probably a sell, but there's not a framework for that yet. And the reason for that is I see this imbalance right here. If I, my OCD makes me market the right color. We look at this little impulse move in the morning.
You could, you know, take this down right into a discount. You could even maybe try to refine it to this right here. You know, to be honest, what I'd probably do here is just look at equilibrium. So just take a line, extend it out there. And the reason I would look for a short over a long, which we could definitely continue to rally. I'm not saying we won't. But I see us as above the previous daily high.
You know, now whenever I look at this one hour range, we've now taken the external. So I'm not going to create this. That's not a new range to me. So I would just draw it like this. And then now, you know, the low hanging fruit would be up here, but we do have some liquidity in the form of equal lows, relatively equal, right above this discount pricing. There it is. I was wondering where my...
editing bar was. So, I'll put SSL, and I swear I get DMs replied, that's not the cell side liquidity, it's down here. Like, I promise, I know, but I just marked that as its internal cell side liquidity. There's cell stops there. So, just for those, because I swear, I get like, actually, this is, and I'm like, bro, I know.
I feel like I don't feel like I have COVID or anything, but I feel sick after this last weekend. But so that's kind of where we're at right now for me. Now, looking back now that I see it from a different view, I could also see where there was a long opportunity. And, you know, not it was basically after our short it almost got stopped. I'm going to take that out and I can remark this later.
But what I see now is and I probably wouldn't have taken it. But, you know, in hindsight, again, everything's 2020. It's always good to look at it. And.
These were relatively equal, although one did get taken and then we had that break. So to me, I usually look at that like the liquidity has been taken, especially what's in that gap. When we look at the 15 minute, there was a pretty nice part of this gap that was unfilled right above those highs. And then we look at the five minute at the open.
I don't ever close a trade until it's... If I get in a trade, I manage my risk pretty well. So if I take a loss, it's not going to kill me. So it's just a big rule of mine that I don't cut a trade in a loss. Now maybe if it goes really far negative, comes back down to break even, I might cut it there if I see something. But I'm not just going to cut something because it's getting into stop loss. But looking back, there's that shift right here at the open. There wasn't really a raid.
that this was off of after the hours that we trade, in my opinion. But we have that price returning back down to this fair value gap, and then it came back up to this equal highs in this target and the previous daily high. Now, again, I can't say I would have really taken that. I even saw, that's funny, I saw ICT.
He had said something like, today is seek and destroy day, don't trade. It's like after I was in a trade, I was like, oh, that's great. But I really try not to let anything influence me anyways. But it was just kind of comical because it was like right as the trade got stopped out when I saw it. Oh, damn, Mitchell said he was long at the bottom of Asia, should have held. Yeah, that would have been some nice tendies.
And yes, this is another one. This is something else that beat me to it. There was a bullish divergence on NQ and ES this morning that I could have also looked at and maybe not taken the short. But I mean, to be honest, in hindsight, I can say that. But whenever I look here, we made that lower low with ES and really all the way up here.
Here we'd made that lower low down here and down here right and then this was really after the trade had What's it called had been we'd been in the trade at that point and Then there was that not that occurrence. We did not make a lower low so there was that SMT there so it's a good eye But um that was something else. I didn't notice that till after It's like marking stuff up afterwards even if I'm not trading it just so I can go back and
because I've been trying to get better at the end of each week, go back, and I'm really bad about just cleaning my charts off just because I don't like having a bunch of markings, but it's good to leave at least some stuff or maybe hide it like I was doing before. Now, another thing that I will tell you right now that I see is potential SMT again with ES. We have that lower high there, and then we have a higher high here.
So again, that would kind of add to that potential short narrative. Now, specifically what I'd be looking for is my PM, the same PM model that we always try to use, which is that liquidity rate after 130. So go ahead and draw a line. I've been doing this a little bit more often lately.
wait for a potential five minute raid, like any of these highs getting taken and then look for that one minute market structure shift. So that's kind of what I'm gonna watch for in the PM. If I don't get that, then no love lost, whatever, onto the next, won't really be a problem. Move these over a little bit, they're kind of far over.
Yeah, I actually like that setup because we took the previous daily high SMT. We're deep in a premium of our one-hour range. The daily draw that I had, which was down here, has been met. So depending on how this day closes, I think we'll maybe have a little bit of beginning clarity towards something. Because as of right now, using the one-hour market structure shift like I did, that was to really just...
not really call a reversal by any means. You know, you guys said that the target was just here, but that was to kind of say, okay, well, we're starting to pull back just a tad. As far as the daily goes, you know, until we form a swing high and look like we're drawing down towards something, then I wouldn't look for that. Now, if we do, I kind of like this volume imbalance here. If we draw this whole zone right here, it's right around equilibrium.
of where we're at right here. So if we start to reverse, maybe form a swing high, I don't know. I think there's some more earnings tomorrow. I know there's some more, I think Apple is tomorrow if I'm not mistaken. But if we have some kind of volatility from that and price wants to seek down, that's what we're looking at. Otherwise, the next targets that we really have, there's buy side liquidity up here. And then we have this massive imbalance.
So and again, we're at that point where we're right at equilibrium So we might see some kind of indecisiveness people getting cleaned out kind of like I did this morning and Just kind of got the market breathe a little bit I said long the Hong Kong tech Which ones HK tech is it the not 50? I don't ever trade this. So if you could give me a ticker I know it's already 50. I don't know. So that's the only one I know
HK Tech, I don't know if that's going to be the same one. You can give me a ticker, we'll take a look at it, but I don't know what to look up except HK50.
Rick said, hey Casper, I watched a PO3 play out this morning on Bitcoin and bitched out on the entry on the M1 FPG as the FPG was very wide and to enter at the first touch with a stop at the low RR wasn't very good. And that's okay. You're going to have that happen sometimes where price action doesn't really give you what you're looking for, so to speak.
Not sure exactly where you're looking at. You said this morning. So maybe something like this over here. I'm assuming you're talking about this. If so, I mean, you know, I would say the real target at that point. I mean, I wouldn't beat yourself up too much for not taking that just because you're kind of up in this no man's land where, you know, yeah, you maybe you could along, I guess, up into this high would have been the only like logical target. But if we look.
Well, I guess it's not gonna draw it on the minutes. That would have been right here. Might have had good enough RR, to be honest. So it would have been something like that. But even, you know, actually now it did take a nice little swing high right there. Oh, you put a picture in crypto chat, let me see. Yeah, this is that same thing. Let's look at your chart.
Yeah, I mean, whenever you're in a range like this, I would have probably targeted this high just because, you know, that's anyone sorting in this range. There's probably going to be some stops here, but there's also probably going to be more stops there. And I mean, to be honest, 2R isn't bad. I mean, maybe that's why I'm looking at it and saying that I'm not, I don't think it's too low. You know, 2R to me is fine. I feel like this is more than 2R. No, actually, it's probably not. I don't know. Let's see.
Yeah. I mean, to me, that wouldn't be not good enough for me. I think that'd be a great trade. But, you know, I can understand maybe you don't want to take a 2R or, especially whenever you're kind of getting used to those kind of trade models. But nonetheless, you're learning from it and you're seeing how it looks. Let me go through some of these questions. What would I do in a situation in the future when I suggest 0.5? You could, but you would have got missed on this one.
So you definitely can do that, but you're, you know, there's always trade-offs. So like, for instance, if you are trying to go for equilibrium, you know, you're probably going to have a higher risk to reward, but you're also going to have more missed trade opportunities, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but you have to kind of evaluate what, which one of those works better for you. Some people really hate missing trades or they,
you know, maybe they hate low RR. It's just really kind of whatever your strategy is. So with the manipulation box on the short, consider the accumulation box on the potential long. Yeah. Okay. That's another thing with ES. That was another perspective I looked at. It was just the times is why I didn't look at it like that. Cause afterwards I saw like, okay, you know, this might be accumulation and then manipulation. And then that's what it was. But really for me, whenever I was looking at it for the times, you know, I wanted to see accumulation after midnight.
That's where I usually look for it. But I can see what you're saying. Afterward, I looked at it and I was like, oh, you should have seen it. But again, you know, it's really easy to go in hindsight and kind of like.
beat yourself up or something. But everybody sees everything in hindsight. You know, I always ask myself like, okay, but like, honestly, would you have, you know, could you have expected to look at it like that? And when I look at this, I'm kind of like, I wouldn't have looked at it like that. You know, in hindsight, I can go draw that and, you know, see it. But, you know, I look for what happens usually around midnight, especially like the, you know,
After we have that push up because we look for you know small range which is exactly right here and then a manipulation swing first Which we didn't really get and you're not always gonna get that every day or even when you get it doesn't work Or you may you know do it wrong. So I just take it on the chin
I honestly didn't expect it to go as far as that first high was targeted. So it was like one-to-one on the Bitcoin. Yeah, I mean, for sure. And that's the thing I was saying. It's like, you know, where Bitcoin is at, it's not really like the craziest long opportunity. For instance, it's a great example of hindsight. I can go back and say, oh, yeah, this is good right here. But would I have taken it? Probably not. I probably wouldn't even have been looking for a long year on Bitcoin. I alerted this morning to Bitcoin or about crypto.
that if you want to take some gains off of the CRV trade we're in, or Glacier is saying to take maybe some gains off ETH, I think that we're all kind of looking at crypto as it's at that pivotal point where it might want to reverse. So speaking of ETH, we'll go into this. I think ETH could, I mean, if anything, I almost see, and I saw even RecProof posted about this, but.
potential little accumulation manipulation distribution on ETH here down to like these equal lows or even really the major low. But, you know, that's not really confirmed yet at all. What I would want there is a one hour shift to the downside. But when I look, I see a potential three drive right into this imbalance and there's a weekly order block right there.
So I'm kind of like, you know what I mean? Like I could see potential sell soon. I really think it's going to have a lot to do with the way that the stock market moves. But I am watching ETH specifically for a displace and break a structure to the downside to start showing the market structure shifting and then begin to maybe get through some swings there. But that is something else I am watching.
I didn't realize we had hit the weekly order block on ETH. So actually for now, I'll just set an alarm. I'll have to move this around. But again, nothing yet. May not even get it this week. We'll see. Now, one thing I am looking at is on indices. Let me go to a different chart. On indices.
When I look at this weekly chart, we filled this imbalance. And, you know, who knows, we might, you know, I don't know if we're just going to take a crazy dump from here. But when I look at the weekly open, I see us as we're kind of moving up away from early in the week and potential little three drive up. And if these earnings do come out bad, you know, we've moved up into a daily POI. We could get a little bit of a weekly power of three here.
So you know that would look something like this and however long this takes and this is all speculation I'm just sharing with you guys something that I kind of you know caught my eye But you know we could get that weekly power three because we have that weekly open right price kind of chills around You want to see a move opposite of the overall intention and then a high put in on Tuesday or Wednesday
Usually you want to see the high put in Wednesday morning. At the latest, indices can be a little different than 4x sometimes, but definitely a possibility. Now, I wouldn't really necessarily confirm that until the one hour starts to shift down, and I wouldn't necessarily try to catch the entire crazy move, but that is something else that I am kind of getting an eye for.
It would be nice if we'd even take this high one more time or something along those lines. Now, one thing I've looked at, too, is the Dow. I mean, it is like, this shit is flying. And if I'm not mistaken, weren't Boeing's earnings, isn't Boeing, Hunter, you're in here. Yeah, you are. Hunter, isn't Boeing a pretty big part of the Dow, like one of the bigger companies? Unless I'm insane.
I'm not sure if he can hear me or not, but I know their earnings came out pretty rough. We're in definitely a premium of both the weekly and the daily range. Not to say it won't go any higher, but if this starts to turn around, I would look for maybe some swings on the Dow because I don't really trade it, but I would have a pretty wide stop if we get that. I'm not saying we're there yet.
It seems like price wants this volume imbalance right here, which is kind of, I don't know actually if I'd look like this because, you know, we have this order block. I mean, yeah, there's no gap there. Nevermind. I was looking at it like there was still part of the gap and I was going to look at it as a BPR, but we also have buy side up here with a nice order block. I kind of like that. That would be even cleaner if we could get something like that. Let's change the text on it.
So if we could get up there, if I'm gonna send an alert for this, that would provide some potential shorts if we could get up there and start to shift structure. But the Dow is definitely the highest up, has very clean equal lows down here. Would be pretty insane to catch some swings on that. I swear, I went over to XMR setup with you guys not that long ago and I came back and my chart just wasn't there. And I was kinda like, damn.
But what I was looking at is if we can get back above like this high I might look for swing shorts on XMR, too. So it's kind of a Sloppier one when I look at this I see a potential market maker sell model and this little consolidation down here An expansion and then we finally get that smart money reversal right there And then we got that second leg of distribution right here market even down here
We have all these highs right here, kind of front running the rest of this imbalance in this order block. So, you know, if we could get a pushback above that, I think that would provide potential sales, you know, down all the way down to the sell side. Now, this is a work in progress too. We could get like an accumulation, manipulation, distribution here as well. That's another setup that I am watching for. Got a nice order block right here.
I'm going to make a template for... So anywhere really in this range here would be ideal. I'll see how that plays out, but I like this setup a lot.
This is something else I'm gonna be watching for and I would like to swing this I'd like to just get in some crypto swings because I just I just don't watch it intraday as much I really just focus on trading indices But I definitely want to get my crypto exposure up a little bit more especially for you guys because I know a lot of people don't trade indices for whatever reason but
Let's see what this says. Thanks, man. I've learned a bunch since I've been here. You've really been a massive help. Fuck yeah, man. I love seeing shit like that. And really, you know, I'm doing half the work or less than half the work. You're the one putting in the time and, you know, having the ambition to stick with it because it's not easy to, especially when you're learning, it's not easy to stay focused and to overcome all of the, you know.
annoyances and stress that comes with trying to learn trading, especially if you're trying to do it to make money right away, which I think will hinder success. But give yourself credit. I appreciate the kind words, but make sure to also thank yourself. What's up, Zero? Sweep out the early shorts. I think you're talking about... Sorry, I'm kind of late on these. It's like five minutes ago, so maybe you're talking about ES.
That would be nice if you're talking about like the power of three thing that that's kind of the idea of it is to not only sweep out early shorts, but to induce buyers I Wish the trade if you could get it to where I'm so OCD like that little like that right there I can't do it. I have to fix it immediately I'm gonna delete some of this TA because I don't need all of it Keep that to recap that with you guys
Any tips on identifying accumulation? Sometimes I feel like anything can be labeled as such if you keep making a bigger box. Yeah, definitely. So really what you want to, you want to build it around your narrative. So the example we gave yesterday here, which we had that midnight, I'm not going to label them all, but we had midnight, 830.
So here, you know, our bias was to move up. We talked about this imbalance. We knew we were looking to move up. So you had a little bit more of a clear bias than today. So you had this little move. And this is what I was seeing today, to be honest with you. But you had this nice accumulation here. And then you had that false swing. And this morning you had an upswing at this time. So that's kind of why I was looking for.
that to happen i mean in all honesty i looked at this the same exact way i or looked at that the same exact way i look at this but you know you had that manipulation and then that nice move after 8 30 which is the same thing we had this morning um it just kind of didn't work out for me and that's why i'm not really too upset about is because i know that if i traveled back in time i would take the trade again and it's just kind of a loss it just happens but this was a really clean um
And the reason this was probably a little bit easier to see was that it was, you know, we had a clear daily bias. And I think that today, and that's another thing, as I say, that I kind of realized today that could be looked at as another mistake that I made was the daily bias isn't very clear. You know, you're at equilibrium. You're in, you know, you've met the target. So like, let the market give you another one, so to speak. Now we do have other confluences that.
You know, like the weekly power of three being potentially, you know, reversing this and that. We're above the previous daily high. We've got that SMT. So, you know, there are other confluences now. But in the morning, I think it was a little bit foggier. And I was just going off the market structure above the imbalance. And this gap was what I really liked. But that could be, looking back, could it be another thing?
Any experience using NinjaTrader? I've spent some time looking for a position sizing tool for it, but I guess using ticks would work as well. I've never used it. I kind of like the way it looks. I've seen videos and people are using it and stuff. I would recommend just if you're trading indices, just kind of like learn. You're going to be much more nimble and able to do things quickly if you just learn the amount of ticks. Like for me, it's really easy because my Forex Funds has a contract size of one. So every one lot.
you know, I'm risking $1 per dollar that the indices moves. So like if I have a $10 stop loss and I put a hundred lot, that's a thousand dollars at risk. So it's really easy for me to remember that, but I know it can get a little difficult whenever you, if you're trading actual futures, like on, you know, the CME.
Tosh said, I've been learning fibs, support and resistance, all this other shit for months. Literally April, still struggling, but the smart money concepts is death more in my style of trading. Only been in here a week, but loving it. Yeah, for sure, man. And I think that's kind of the journey everybody goes on because a lot of the stuff that gets put out on the internet is it's meant to be sold to people. So it's really, really simplified. And the people that are teaching it don't really care if the people make money or are successful.
They're just kind of spewing out things that they've been taught. And most of the time, those kind of people aren't even really trading or making money. Or if they are, they just have extremely large accounts and they're kind of degening into trades and they don't really have much precision. While I'm not hating on that, if you're making money, you're making money, but that's not really the same scenario for people. Like for instance, people that just buy options that they can wait till they buy options with like a long time out.
And they can just hold it extremely red and then it'll go green. Some people don't have the liberty of being able to risk that much. So I think Smart Money Concepts is better overall for learning how to become a trader. And once your funds grow or once you can get a funded account, then you kind of have unparalleled precision. Because most people that trade with a lot of money don't really have that much precision. But they're still able to make a lot of money, which is totally okay.
But, you know, like I said, that's not a reality for everybody. So I think it's really good to learn how to trade with price action and it gives you a better understanding of what's going on. Now, one thing I will say and a piece of advice is don't get sucked into the narrative that this is the only way and this is going to be right every single time or that you have to understand like the algorithm and all this because.
What that'll do is it just puts a lot of pressure on you psychologically where you feel like you have to be right all the time and you'll start making mistakes because you'll be ashamed to be wrong because you feel like you've cracked the DaVinci code and you can't be wrong now. And that's a really big problem that I do see with smart money concepts. And then it doesn't help whenever you have people that post nothing but hindsight TA.
that a lot of them didn't even trade off of. And, you know, that it makes you like, damn, why did I see that? And there's just a lot of psychological stresses that can come with learning smart money concepts. So just be mindful of that as you learn. That would be my biggest advice. Your thought of taking 2R and walking away for the day really stuck with me. Yeah, I mean, I like it, man. I really do. Sometimes, you know, like you kind of got to get...
you got to be aware of where you're at. Like for instance, if it's a super high probability setup and it's got a lot of room to run, there are some times where you can kind of cheat yourself to be dead honest. But I mean, the way I look at it, if you can get three R in a week, like if you, I'm sorry, three, two R trades, six R in a week, that's a beautiful fucking week. That is an absolutely beautiful week. I mean, hell, if you're on a funded and you're risking 1%, that could be your month.
So
You know, again, there's always the allure of min-maxing everything to where you, you know, because everybody that gets funded, they're like, oh, dude, I'm going to make like $30,000 a month. You know what I mean? And you might, you know, but you shouldn't like shoot for that and make that your requirement because then you're just going to be running uphill, kind of drowning yourself along the way when you can just set, you know, once you get 2R consistently all the time and you see your trades always running 3R, maybe start upping it to 3R.
Once you have some data that suggests to do that. But I don't think there's anything wrong with just a fixed 2R hitting it intraday a couple times. For instance, Monday, I hit 2R really quick. Yesterday on the NASDAQ, I trimmed it too early. It was a paper trade as far as the second half of it. I don't want to...
this was a fixed to R for me, like my live. But then I looked at it and this was example, you know, whenever I was saying, you know, you can kind of cheat yourself. You know, this is kind of what I was talking about. And I was late on this. Like I didn't get back home. Like the fucking Pico entry was, it was the PM model. And here's your raid. Here was your shift. This was really clean.
Right there. That was the entry down here. But I looked at this and whenever I see this kind of second expansion, because if we look at it, some people can probably map this out as a lot of different models. But once I see that desire to go up higher and when I'm looking at the market, I was kind of scared to take this one, to be honest. But when I look at the market and I see, okay, here's the last bit of liquidity. Obviously, I'm not going to put my stop loss down here.
So I was like, is there any way for me to have a higher stop loss? What's a recent swing low? And I look and I said, okay, if we go lower than this, then where are we going? Why would this stop it? If you go lower than this, you're probably going for all these lows. So you might as well set your stop loss there.
So I did that and I kind of just mark it on this candle and I just, you know, I fixed two R. I was kind of like, okay, it's going to reverse here. But in my head, I looked back and I was like, no, it's not. You know, it's not. There's a daily, the daily draw was where it reversed, which was these equal highs. I kind of looked back and was like, damn.
I could have just held it to the top. And look at this. I don't even know if you would have got a fill, but look at that. And that was when those earnings came out. And that would have been, that's why I mapped it out afterward, just to kind of visualize it.
That would have been pretty crazy. Who knows if you even got filled. You know, you might have hit this and been like, hell yeah, by the time you get to metric trader, you're back down to lower than where I closed. But that's an example of sometimes you can kind of cheat yourself a little bit whenever you're doing a fixed 2R. Because when I look back, I was like, man, if you would have just looked at that, you would have known. That's going to the fucking buy side. I mean, that's the daily draw on liquidity.
He said, I often played around with aiming for higher R since my base capital was low, but with a funded account, that logic no longer holds. Yeah, for sure. And I mean, really, when you think about it, it's kind of really doesn't hold with the lower size accounts either, but people just want to see big money. But if you look at it from just overall growth, if you get...
Let's say you take 12 trades a month and you have a 50% win rate. That's 12R minus 6R. You'd have a 6R month, just taking 12. That's a good-ass month. You know what I mean? It's not going to pass you a funded account, but if you're just growing an account, 6R at the end of the month, being up 6R, it's not like a home run month, but it's definitely something to be proud of.
So you said SMTNQ or what is SMTNQ? So it's basically whenever we look at market structure among indices or any assets that move in correlation, like for instance, we have the S&P and the NASDAQ. If this makes a lower high, but this makes a higher high, we can look at this that it's highly probable that it's a stop rate, that this push up on above the highs was just stopping out shorts and was also inducing buyers above this level.
So you can look at it with other confluences like how we have we took our previous daily high which was right here as well and We're high up in a premium of the one-hour range. We're technically in a premium of the daily range So cells automatically are a little bit more you're leaning more towards that side, you know longs are less probable Not to say that either will work or won't work, but you know, we look at it in probabilities That's kind of how I try to look at it
It seems like it wants to come down a little bit here. Nothing for me unless we get a liquidity rate after 130. And it doesn't have to be the high here. It can just be any of these highs. It'd be nice if we would come down, react somewhere in this order block or right here. That'd be awesome if we could just take liquidity there. But we'll see if it happens or not.
Are 41 mentorship ICT videos enough, sir, or other month contents? I mean, only you can answer that question. Like, are you profitable? Are you consistently profitable? Then you've probably watched enough. And if you're not, then maybe keep watching and pay for trade and use your demo and kind of just try to learn as much as possible.
So we said, what's special on Monday that people use its range for trading? I think it's an old ICT thing, if I'm not mistaken. I don't do it, to be honest, but it's just kind of like the opening range of the week. Because if we are looking at the weekly power of three, oftentimes Monday is just accumulation. I'm sorry, accumulation, not manipulation. Monday is just accumulation. That's why if we look at the weekly power of three, we look for accumulation early in the week and then a manipulation into Tuesday and Wednesday. And then you'll see the true move.
So people kind of use those ranges and those highs and lows as, you know, if we're above that and it's, you know, your weekly bias is bearish, then anywhere up in that area, if you're looking to swing the trade through the week, you could be looking at a, you know, I guess a premium entry, so to speak. And vice versa, if you're looking at a bullish week and you're below Monday's low, then you could say, okay, we might be in the manipulation phase. Position size around trading would be a good idea. I know, right? Fuck, we need to finish that shit up.
I keep lacking. That's really it. Let's look at Euro. Euro's been pretty nice lately. I came up above these highs here. I'm just going to clean this whole chart. See, I'm bad at that. I probably just deleted a bunch of stuff, but it's all right. So I came up here and came above these highs and above this high.
Oh, another thing we'll go over is DXY. We'll do that first, actually. DXY, we talked about this early in the week. So DXY analysis is playing out perfectly. We're right on almost that weekly order block, but I think we could take these lows. I would really like that. That's the point where you start looking at potential higher probability for the market to start maybe reversing. We have to see structure tell us it wants to do that. But whenever we see this...
Price that's come down under these lows. We're in the weekly order block almost. We're not there yet, but we're almost there. You know, we know that price has moved very aggressively into this area. So we'll kind of see how we react here because it could be just a manipulation push down. I think that might align also with the weekly power of three and, you know, overall.
Bitcoin's in the place where we've been talking about for a long time now, where we want to maybe short it from. Like I told you guys with ETH, we're at this weekly order block.
ES is now technically at a discount, although I will say maybe we could see some more upside. NQ really didn't come up too far. YM, on the other hand, which is the Dow, has came all the way up here. So now we're getting these areas where stuff might, you know, you might want to see some sales. And then we look at DXY. Okay, well, it looks like, you know, if we come under here and start to reverse or really start to reverse anywhere here, we're in a discount. We've taken out liquidity. So we know that we have relatively equal highs here.
Right? So you guys can see how I'm starting to kind of build this narrative. It's back to Euro now. Yes, I feel like I don't feel super sick, but my nose is like, my sinuses are so stopped up. I don't think it's just allergies either. Came above a lot of highs here. A lot of shorts have been stopped out in this process. I'm going to go for a four hour. I don't want to use it as much, but okay, there we go. Look at that. Nice four hour order block we just traded into.
So here what I'd like to see overall is this four-hour order block we've traded into. Daily buy side inside the range has been taken. Price hasn't really been indicative that it wants to go down, but this is also another setup that I want to watch.
And if we start to get reversals here, you know, again, this goes against the dollar. So if we start to see reverses on the dollar, we start to see reverses on Euro. We start to see reverses on ETH, Bitcoin, indices. That's where we might, you know, start to look at things and get potential shorts. Excuse me. What's up? That's graduate. Time for Bitcoin to go to $1 billion. With Doquan at the helm. How's Luna Classic doing?
It's crazy though. Some of these alts look like they want to run, but I just, I don't know. I feel like some of them, their charts are just, they're just not, it's not going to have, we'll see. I like this XMR setup. Ooh, Matic. Okay, Matic. I want it to come a little higher. I don't like that. We got those equal highs just in front of the zone. I'm actually going to set an alarm for that. I don't know if we'll get it. We'll see, but.
This is another nice setup that I would like to potentially get involved with.
Maybe we'd come down, just raid this low, push back up, and then start to get that price action. But I like this BPR here. So this zone of kind of two imbalances. So, you know, the buy side had been offered, and the sell side has been offered. Now, this imbalance, the second we hadn't offered the buy side, which still has it, in my opinion. So if we can get back up into that, you know, we could look for potential shorts down, at least in a fair value gap, or maybe even lower.
So I was just dead. What confuses me is the premium equilibrium discount, which are always different in four hours, one hour, and so on. I think one hour and four hour are the best. So they are different in all timeframes, but you're looking at price in different perspectives, kind of building your analysis from the top down. So for instance, if price is in a daily premium,
Right, which I'm drawing it from here. I know a lot of people this is the weekly range to me and we might go up in that but I Just like this because we're that was the last area of clear institutional involvement. We tapped this order box CPI day September So, you know, if we are at a premium on a daily chart or a premium on a one-hour chart You see what I mean? That's how you kind of layer that through because you're gonna have different ranges, but you want to use them together
How do I trade the London and New York session merge? That's where I'm looking for in the C trade. So I'm looking for liquidity rates after the open, the 830 open. We actually have a whole class on that in the private discord. I think we did it two or three weeks ago.
But on that note guys, I'm gonna hop off here. I appreciate you all coming through I did want to recap that loss of you guys just to you know be transparent I think that a lot of people aren't transparent. So I kind of want to set a good example for that but
Yeah, I will see you guys tomorrow at noon and then after that Friday at noon as well. And then this weekend we'll have the private class again for all the members of PlayBit. If you want to get a free trial, you can hop in to the description and then just sign up there. But use code CASPER in all caps so you get the free trial. And if you do, at me when you get in the server and say what's up. But until then, I will see you guys later. Peace.
