What's up, what's up, guys? For those of you that are re-watching this, you might want to fast forward a couple minutes. I got to give my people from the Discord a second to get in the chat. Discord a second to get in the chat. Yeah, I'm looking at... I was watching NASDAQ and SPY to give an entry. It gave the framework, but it didn't give me my trigger, so...
No FOMO, but you can't. It's odd. Usually what will happen, it'll break. The pattern I look for is we came above this old area of liquidity, right? Came into a fair value gap, not really into supply, but we did get what I usually look for, which is just this internal or minor break of structure right here. And we got displacement. You know, I usually look for a fair value gap and then look to enter. I think this is a two minute fair value gap that I drew.
But that's where we look to enter, but price kind of just ran away without it. So you've got to follow the rules. You don't want to FOMO in and chase it. I'm still watching it. Usually it doesn't move this far away before. You usually want it to kind of break down, come right back up into this fair value. The SPY didn't really get what I was looking for. The only displacement was here, and it wasn't really on the break.
If anything, we could maybe watch. This is another setup I was watching this morning. This is GJ. He said somebody tagged me, but I don't know where. So with S&P, let's look here. I annotate an entry off this. I'll see how we react. I'm not really too fond of where it's at. I don't like how far the high is from where we're at.
GJ, I'm going to be patient with. I don't want to force anything, especially this pair has been super, super volatile lately. Both currencies have had increased volatility. So I want to watch this zone. I'll show you guys what I'm looking at, too. Let me put SPY down here because it'll be easier. So I posted this on Twitter last night.
What I saw really is the swing range we have for GJ is massive right now. It's literally this whole range right here. But we do have weak lows to take out. And then the daily range is looking pretty rough with this looking like pretty confirmed liquidity rate. So after that happens, you know, the daily range, which is this whole range right here.
All the way in here. So when that happens, whenever we are bullish, right, we're making higher highs and higher lows, but we did fail to make a higher high and close above. So now we look at this as a weak low and we can flip around the idea that this is going to get taken. But I think that we're going to probably make our way back up and fill any imbalances along the way. It's not confirmed, but.
since it's kind of counterintuitive to the narrative that we are have built i see the possibility for that because we got that four hour internal break of structure down here followed by another one so not one two so that gives us a flip zone in here i refined it down to a i think a one hour water block right there
So let's go ahead and go over Bitcoin too, because I know that that's what a lot of you guys are waiting on. Personally, I'm not convinced that this is going to be much of a...
The bottom bottom, I think we're going to get some kind of relief here. You know, but the main reason that I don't want to hold longs like, you know, swing them extremely from here is this right here. We have this low right above this imbalance and this institutional candle. It really started this move to the upside. So while I think we could see some bids here.
I don't think it will be the last. I'm going to be pretty picky with it. If I don't like what I see, I'm not going to force it. For me right now, I'm going to need the five-minute to go bullish in here. It's a pretty big range we're in. I'm not going to force anything. We've got these equal highs right at the top of the Tokyo session above.
It's not, in my opinion, an ideal setup. Even if we get it, I wouldn't be looking to take it long, so I'm not going to force it. And then if it does break out, if it does end up being a super great zone, we can always get longs on the next rebound. So no FOMO, no need to stress or force things. That's a great way to get yourself fucked up. I wish that TradingView would transfer.
drawings. It only does it if you have the second chart open. It's frustrating. I had all of the session highs and lows delineated for Spy. Yo. What's up? I forgot I was in here. How you doing? I'm shorting the shit. I'm out. 10 minutes. Done for the day.
Yeah, 10K in 10 minutes. For me on the indices, I didn't really get where I'd want to enter because it didn't return to any for value gaps or anything, but it did. The setup was definitely there. I think it still might be here with S&P, honestly. What did you short off of? Oh, no, I longed, what's it called? NASDAQ. Oh, so you got early. Yeah, I just kept hitting buy on 10 lots. One click trading and it was just.
And then I had a cell open. It was great. It was good. Hell yeah. Good shit, bro. Shit is crazy. Definitely induced longs for everybody. Oh, God, yeah. Oh, bro. Like I said in crypto chat, you can only take the horse to the water and show them the water. You can't make it drink. If it doesn't drink, we just use them as exit liquidity.
A Bitcoin I'm going to be patient with here. I like the zone, but I'm going to make all the timeframes give me what I want. Because the thing that I've been kind of backtesting with Bitcoin is these Tokyo highs, especially when they're like that, like this just looks like, I don't know, like if I was going to long here, I would be most out here. So I'm not, I want to see how we react to these zones before forcing anything.
Yeah, ES and fucking Nasdaq were just fucking oof, bro. There's so many people that got stuck in calls. Oh my goodness. Well, they're worth it now. From yesterday, you mean? Not from this morning, bro. There's people that saw it going up, so they started buying calls. Jesus. You know how it goes. Your indicators tell you something. They're like, it has to hit this level. I'm like, ah, okay, yeah. You know. You know what to do.
yeah i was what i was watching like getting so happy to short like it was my fomo demons almost got me for a second shit if they would have ought to be up but i i just like for me what i look for is like i look for this sign of weakness this you know low tomb or short-term high getting taken or short-term low getting taken and that happened and it got taken we even have like a nice little low time frame flip zone but really what i pay attention more is the uh fair value gaps and it's not coming up really where i want because
For instance, for me, I would want it to come up at least to, you know, this area up in here. It might. But then the other thing, too, is we do have this supply zone, like a refined 15 minute. The one hour, we're well into it. So it's like, you know, I guess if you draw not the institutional candle, we did tap into the 15 minute spy supply zone.
But I always like refining down to the next institutional candle. I found that it definitely makes me take less trades, but the quality of them go up for sure. I'm just going to set alerts for Bitcoin because I don't want to watch it. It's going to take a while for what I need. My cat's over here going crazy. Come on, buddy. Oh, there's a bug something. His ass thinks he's a fucking tiger. Whenever he sees a bug. GJ was looking pretty decent for...
I was looking for Euro USD relief bonds. Yeah, same. I have this right here set for your EU. I was looking at the 15-minute time frame. Yeah. Are you on my screen? It's probably similar to what you have. Oh, hang on. Let me check. Yeah, that's the same level. Yeah. I was looking for it to come down. And then Aussie dollar also is getting there.
Jesus, they are getting wrecked. Yo, look at oil. Oil is doing what I wanted it to do. I wanted it to come down to, like, we're in this weekly demand that we're coming back down into. I want to go down at least 50%. So see if we hold, like, 91.40. And if we don't, I have a target right below it. I'd like it at, like, 85 to 80 bucks. Yeah. See you. Nice.
I literally have 83.36 marked for a, I think this was a, I want to say a daily or monthly order block, something maybe. Yeah, monthly order block. I think we got that off the weekly. Yeah, 83.36 is month. Well, I mean, it is a weekly order block, but I marked it on the monthly. But the draw on liquidity, it's going for it, which is 92.93. It's going right there. It ain't stopping.
That shit's about to get clapped. Oh, there's some equal lows actually before it that might give us some relief. But GJ, what's it doing? So I want the five minute. I'm going to be super patient with any of these longs. So we got the 15 minute choch, but I want the M5. I cough.
What's up, Wyckoff, man? My guy. My guy, my guy. Yo, Spy's booming. Spy's booming. Let's see. Wait, did it actually boom again? No, it's going to this fair value gap. Spy fucking reeled my stop loss and is smashing through this demand zone. Were you in longs?
yeah i uh yeah well not actually but i was trying to they were like paper longs yeah
If I want to trade SPY, I would trade what? Is it the SPX or the ES? Sorry, it's US100 on FTMO, right? US100 is NAS, but it's US500. It's US500. Just think that the N comes before, so it's only 100, and the S comes after, so it's 500. Imagine you just do the wrong one. I just look at the tickers.
If you look at the tickers, they got 500s, they got 100s. Honestly, I'm going to watch this. This would be the entry.
this would have been the intro there, but I don't like it because I've gotten like, for instance, what you theoretically would do is use this as a stop, but I don't like doing that shit. I don't, I like being, if I'm not close, like, or at least in a premium of like the little impulse swing of the morning, I just chill. Like, I don't want to take something that's that far because really like the targets for me, like, I don't really take these long or it's just, it's just not there. Like I was watching ICT and he was taking trades, like literally like this. He's like, you know, if it's just like this, he's like,
if you're confident he was like he was like i take like trades like this because i'm confident and you know people he's like they're only risking a little bit he's like you know i risked five percent of my portfolio i was like you're a fucking sick bastard bro yes is dumping you know i didn't do so long as perfectly bro oh i think those are the lungs i was talking about
Whenever you're going to trade those, just look at Tesla, Microsoft, Boeing, and Apple. Just have those four on a 15-minute chart pulled out. If you see...
uh two out of the four pulling back with momentum short because those are the highest cap stocks in the index funds and remember the stocks move yeah the stocks move before the index funds because the index funds are made up of the stocks so the stocks will make the first move you'll get like a 10 second to 15 second gap in data and then you'll be good to go
People were bullish because of the Amazon Prime. Go look at Boeing. It's the only thing that's holding up. Boeing is BA. It looks like this might be the move. BA is the only thing that's helping US-30 right now because it's a defense stock and we're about to go to war and shit. I have a price target at 160 and I've been 160. Everybody in...
stock chat has been trying to shore boeing just getting wrecked that means that the whole thing in the ukraine might escalate
because they're uh russia starting to look at poland and poland is part of nato yeah so that's where we can't we're about to start sending troops over there and shit putin said he's not scared of using his nuclear weapons so the first people that would get hit is europe um with tactical nukes it's just it's crazy bro
That's why New York released that public service announcement that I posted in Stock Chat. That it was like, if a nuclear bomb hits, stay inside. Jesus Christ. Stay inside. I want to watch this. I swear, I've watched these setups. That's a great fucking idea. Stay inside. Put a textbook over your head. Put a textbook over your head while your whole fucking building gets annihilated within seconds. It's so bad.
Isn't that shit funny? Like how whenever we used to be in school, there'd be like a hurricane. Well, it's not funny, but you know what I mean? Like a hurricane, but that sounded wrong. But whenever you're in school and they're like, oh, it's a tornado drill, like put a fucking textbook over your head and, you know, see how that protects you. It's like, oh, wait, what?
You know, I added you in stream chat on my spy play. I need you to tell me where I went wrong, I guess. Oh, you're typing. Okay, never mind. I was going to say someone asked you. Stream chat. This was kind of weird because it was like a little overnight thing. You didn't get the break of structure until market was closed. Honestly, bro, with spy, I don't even like.
like demand and shit it works but like you want to look more at like intraday liquidity pools for me what i've found to work like i'm up like okay let's just like look at s&p or like nas especially like because if we look at like okay this look like a great short right here right
Like, I mean, I wouldn't, there was no confirmation, but like, that's a great demand. I mean, supplies, in my opinion, it's a nice flip zone. It broke a shitload of structure, right? You know, if you're looking at anything else, like this would be a good area to short off of, but it just gets fucking annihilated. Then you look up here and it's like, leaves, I guess the point I'm trying to get at. That's why I like NASDAQ better. Yeah. Either one of them, I've found more success playing the intraday liquidity raids. Like, come on your computer.
like 8.30, and mark out the Tokyo, London highs and lows, if they've been violated, if they haven't, or any obvious areas of liquidity. The session highs and lows are important, but what you really want to look for is like...
Where is like a super fucking, you know, the one you think wouldn't get hit? Like, for instance, this day, you know what I mean? You look over here and it happens every day, usually between 930 and 11. So like right here. So, you know, you could have caught an early morning play here, but I don't like catching the ones like in the kill zones. I'd rather play like while equities are open. So you came above these highs right here. What you'll get is this one minute pattern. Let's go back over here.
You get this pattern right here. Literally, it's different than a change of character because theoretically right here, a change of character wasn't really until down there. But you just look for a break to the downside. This didn't give a great entry either, but you look for a break to the downside with displacement. Maybe it did on the two minute. You can use the one, the two, and the three are all good for this. But you just look for...
a kind of sign of weakness almost not even like a structural break but like here i guarantee there's something somewhere and you look for it to come into a fair value gap and then you just you sell and it's it's weird because it sometimes it aligns with supply and demand like it definitely does sometimes but a lot of times it's like um it it kind of just does its own thing but it's all more like liquidity raid concepts and they're
seeming to work um pretty consistently but sometimes they just don't provide the best restore like right here like i'm watching this i'm not gonna i'm not gonna there's just nothing there for me like what are you gonna do take
And if it even hits, because you always risk, like nothing always works. And then I'm looking and there's a, you know, this to me, if I'm looking at it from supply and demand, it looks like almost inducement because you have that zone above that didn't get tapped. But like, even if you were to take that, it's just like the risk reward's not good. So sometimes you just got to watch and see how things react because they don't, they don't always give you what you need. Nas went fucking to the shitter this morning.
For instance, when Price was back here, you would have wanted Price to come right back up into this zone, and then it'll sit there for a second. You can take it short anywhere. It stops above this high. But again, they don't always provide the best risk to reward. When they do hit, though, here, I'll show you a couple that I've taken. My win rate on indices is much better than anything else right now.
i enjoy trading it like i almost got fucked yesterday and the only reason i didn't is because i every time i put a stop i do five ticks to the downside like look at this bro it would have fucked you if you would have had like an exact stop you know what i'm saying you would have got that would have been like a literal like
I got crying. And once it runs under that liquidity, like see, like it ran under the intraday liquidity pool, then you get this pattern right here, right? I think this was on a... I used the one-minute choach right there. This was a good one. Like it came right back in this fair value gap.
kind of hovered around there like i said licked you out if you didn't move your stops a little bit but usually you'll catch a good move of the day like it'll either be the move of the morning or the move of the whole day and really the best way to do it is if you get a good enough risk to reward in my opinion like if just if i've even thought about like using a fixed 3r risk profile with this like
A lot of people are like, oh, you're going to miss out on so much money. If you've got a sizable account, especially if you're funded or going funded, and you can hit 3R every day, and you hit that two or three times a week, that's literally all you need. The objective is not to trade. People are greedy, bro. People want to get it. I get greedy sometimes, too. That's what I'm saying. I'm not sitting and preaching like, I am perfect. Look, the other day, look at this.
This is a great example. I took profits here and here, and then I took out full. It was somewhere over here. Now, if I would have just taken full profits right here, I would have made not a crazy amount more money, but more money. You know what I mean? If you have a profile, I was looking at some... Let me see if I can find it. Hold on. I think I had it saved somewhere in Notion. Let me find it. It was like a...
i can't remember if it's called a sharp rate there's some it's like some math mathematical um i guess equation whatever you know formula to figure out how profitable somebody can be if they uh you they have like a um here it is right here actually hold on so it's like if you had
This was taking a fixed 3R. You took your profits at 3R, nothing more, nothing less. That's it. You had a 50% win rate, and you took four trades a week. This is over a year.
And it's like, I mean, you 4X an account over here. And obviously it's not, I don't know how this is calculated, but it was just an interesting thing. I think that, I want to say it's actually off of FTMO. That wasn't my picture.
point i'm getting at is you don't have to have the most insane win rate you don't have to have the most insane risk to reward as long as you're consistent you know and if you can develop a very you know two plus two equals four strategy where you just trade maybe one or two um pairs and you have it's just like fuck me it's not as crazy and as exciting as like because everybody everybody gets on smart money and like
They watch like a course or they'll see people posting like, you know, 40 R and you'll hit that sometimes, you know, but like you don't want to get that fucked up expectation that you're going to get 20 R, 30 R every trade. You know what I mean? It's just like.
It's definitely possible. I'm not saying it's not. We've done it. Fuck, we did it with Bitcoin two weeks ago. JL, you hit a fucking insane Euro-yen trade. It happens for sure, but it's like people get married to that idea. That is where the learning curve comes in for trading smart money. It's because people forget that those motherfuckers... Once you take your L, you'll learn. It's not a loss. It's a lesson.
And it happens. That's why I don't like gold. That's why I don't like doing Wyckoff on gold. How do you Wyckoff that wick from yesterday? Yeah, gold is fickle, bro. Gold is irritating. That's why I kept saying that. They were contradicting me. I'm like, bro, I've been trading for 10 plus years. I know what the fuck I'm talking about. Gold and silver are the heaviest manipulated assets.
yeah i don't care if wyckoff teaches you manipulation it's like we don't have that money like yesterday those that wick was in i don't even know how much money that took i don't know that was like like a billion dollars this is what traitors go to jail over no sorry not go to jail like they get don't they get slapped with like some
fine yeah if they find out that they're in like right now they'll go in slap for like a five dollar fine oh dude no there was a couple of traders that went to jail for like three years oh that was for manipulating platinum right yup the sec is catching on yup the sec is catching on and jp morgan and berkshire were the biggest manipulators of gold and silver last decade
I honestly think gold, like, after, because, like, really when we got here, I took that long because we got a little bit of a spike, but now looking at the day, like, after that failed, this shit's going for these lows right here. No question for me. Like, that's getting taken right here. This shit's going to 1,400. Oh, yeah, I mean, eventually. I mean, literally, bro, these weekly equal lows are just...
you know they're just chilling the 1650s the 1600s all of this demand here all of this demand is exactly absorbed so it's gonna be a clean ride down yeah exactly like that's it's going you know what i mean but what's it called demand exhaustion yeah that's what this like just absorption exhaust whatever you're gonna call it
Yeah, it's demand exhaustion because you have diminishing volume throughout the range, but basically they're just exhausting demand. You'll see demand get mitigated, produce barely newer highs, and then you'll just get a big dick candle down because all of the demand has been absorbed within these levels. Yeah. This is a weird setup because a lot of times with indices, like you won't, like for instance, this lick rate almost happened before the market even opened.
which I will say is not common. You usually see it happen as the market opens, like going into 10 a.m. into that London close. But I'm going to watch because you can get faked out on these. For instance, we did just run under this short-term low. That's not really the greatest area of liquidity. And it seems like it's giving that same pattern to the upside, but not really convinced personally on that. It's interesting though.
Because that's the thing with those lick rates. If you train your eye to see one way, you'll get hurt. You know what I mean? That's why I like studying them. For instance, here, theoretically, you got it right there. And it's acting cleaner. You know what I'm saying? You came up, you broke that little minor structure, came to the fair value gap. He did run some liquidity here.
This is the New York low, so it's like, you know, definitely liquidity. But, again, neither of the setups are really giving me what I personally would want. But, you know, if anything, the NASDAQ would be the one that you'd want to fuck with. I got a joke for you. I got a joke for you, Casper. It's hilarious. Hang on, where can I put it? Let me put it in. I'm going to put it in StockShot. It's fucking hilarious. I'm going right now.
Central banks trying to hold their currency together. Literally, bro. That is so fucking accurate. That's hilarious. That is so accurate. Fuck, I left this. I was like reading something on my phone. Just let it play like five times. That is so true, though. Yeah, see, Nas is giving the kind of setup.
Oh, I think it's going to go up, bro. It's going to take out those highs. I might hit a buy right quick. Yeah, so that's really where they clean our setups. And that's one thing I've learned using these. Like, US 30 on us looks more prime for shorts, but I don't really watch 30 as much. 30 is cool, but it's like.
it can be just like totally just you know blast you if you're not careful i like nas and stuff better nas i mean literally this is the cleaner setup down here and that's what'll happen you'll be like stuck on this but then it'll be happening right in front of you like down here you see nas just broke out to the upside yeah that's what i'm saying one minute yeah i'm looking at 11 8 40 for longs it comes back now you know it looks pretty good
it's like that pattern presented itself right here that's what i usually that's why i like studying this is you don't usually see it happen at this time usually happens right around here on 10 a.m oh yeah nas is pushing
US 30 almost looks more like that, or not more, but like supply exhaustion here too. It kind of came up, wicked it. Gave like entry patterns, right? But it doesn't want to, it came down and just tapped into that demand and is looking. Bro, my homegirl, she a fucking nurse. Oh my God. She's making $79 an hour, bro.
Damn. She making $200k a year. No, travel nurses make $5k a week, bro. Oh yeah, I got another one that's a travel nurse. She got pregnant, but she bangs. She fucking bangs. She's trying to convince a lot of the people that we know to become travel nurses.
this is interesting dude i swear like this is why 30 can be so weird like if i was just watching 30 and i wasn't watching the others this would look like a short but at the same time everything else is strong so you got to kind of go with the the two bigger sisters as they call it those are the ones you want to watch because i swear so many people that trade works like fucking like literally jerk to fucking us 30 for some reason but i think it's like it's cool but it moves the sloppiest out of all three of them and it just kind of
So it's like crypto. It's like trading alts without watching Bitcoin or something. I fucking wanted this bitch to come down and it's just going to go all the way up. Yeah, the entry was already down here. That's why I don't like supply and demand trading with indices. It literally is very, for me, extremely inconsistent. Unless you're like maybe swing trading or something, which I don't really do with indices. But it's like...
Yeah, because that's what will happen. Like, I swear you get like, well, I mean, I guess really right here, the one minute change of character was right there either way. Yeah, it was right there. I was looking for it to come either. It has to come down and fill one of the FBGs. Because like this is like clean price action. Like this is what I would have wanted to happen. So you could have got in like right here on this fair value gap right there and stops under the low right here.
That would have been the snipe. That would have been a nice restore. Let's just say you took the top of the fair value gap and you just took it to this imbalance right there. Well, it's not 3-1 actually. It's very close. If you hit that, dude, you're doing it. You know what I'm saying? On a sizable account, you're done for the day. You just made 5-6k. That's not like, you know, fuck, bro.
But you could also really target higher because the strategy I use for this is, you know, you can look at like intraday liquidity, but I always just look at either taking it back to EQ. Oh, shit. They leaked the CPI. Oh, really? Yeah. What do you mean they leaked the CPI? I was going to say. The information. Leaks do not exist. No, I'm sure. I mean, I'm sure it happens sometimes. Well, leaks definitely exist. We just don't ever see them.
No, they exist, and people go to jail over it. Yeah, I was about to say, they definitely exist. I'm going to do a YouTube video on it. I made that infographic on news manipulation whenever we had... I can't remember what news it was, but it was the cleanest example of how to play these NDC raids. It was like...
Let me find it. Hold on. I think it was US 500. I'm trying to think of what chart. I have so many fucking charts that I use because I make some for like, you know, educational shit. And then here it is right here. Look at this, bro. Like this was literally perfect, right? We had high impact news coming at 830, right? Look at the times. Okay, 830 moving up into.
into equity open we came up and broke at above because the news ended up being you know better than expected um you know as far as for the stock market goes it literally came up longs were induced like a motherfucker bro at first and then the shorts were induced and then max paying this was the entry you come under that that daily low all right get that false price swing and then you get the break of structure
right there with displacement. I think it was a five minute or something. I found the fair value gap on and comes down into it, literally just takes off and you just target at equal highs. And it's so clean. Like you could just take that right up to here. Just game over. That's good old corn doing. Where is Leet CPI data? Where's that call? Is it in stock chat? No, I have it from a different feed. I have it where I get all my news from.
Damn. People are speculating if it's true or not, but it looks like we're going to put in a 9.2 CPI. Did I show you my Bloomberg terminal picture? What? Yeah, inflation might come in at a 9.2. I wouldn't be surprised. Inflation? CPI. We are inflated, my boy.
yeah i think bitcoin is i mean it looks good like this looks like lower time frame accumulation right jail you're the wife cough god i'd say this looks like it let me pull up a bit bitty so not like on like the five minute but i'm not convinced like i wanted to break fuck yeah this is uh this is where i drew that we'd fucking bounce and yeah this is um we're sitting at a equilibrium of the swing right now yeah we're retesting it after breaking the high of the range kind of
i also like um bounce point i like the reversal point i like the zone under this though like i like this zone too if i get what i need i'll execute but i personally like the because like we have a clean low right under this and a institutional candle not like married to that narrative but i like that better than where we're at
Because that was where the first, well, not the first, the first level of institutional sponsorship came on that main institutional candle way over from the bottom of this range. Then we rallied up and we came back down. And then that massive engulfing on the four hour, we still have a fair value gap. It's not been filled. And then a clean low under it.
But I mean, like I said, I'm not necessarily married to that idea, but there's definitely a very clear imbalance that hasn't been filled and lows right above it. So usually I'm pretty hesitant to check. I'll take longs off a zone like this, but I won't hold them for like into the heavens or anything like that. At this point, US 30 is a damn case study to me. This one is interesting to fuck out of me. And now I'm just coming back down where you wanted it to.
I really like imbalances on indices better than demand zones. I haven't really back-tested indices too much, but just from forward testing and watching, supply and demand literally barely even... I mean, they're like zones, but you can get your triggers, and then it just wicks the hot and then dies. But that's why I like the whole liquidity rates on indices. You see what I'm talking about, JL?
no i'm looking yeah i'm looking at bitcoin right now i forgot i have a i have like two drawn scenarios i have that we either bounce here in reverse to start to go up to like that 25 000 mark i was talking about or we're forming a higher time frame daily schematic instead so we'll be accumulating for longer so they arrange with that's what i basically i would lean more towards that personally
Yeah, that would make the most sense too, especially because accumulation takes longer than distribution because you're absorbing supply rather than releasing supply. Weak hands and strong hands. Yeah, exactly. It's more difficult to absorb supply and it takes longer than it is to distribute it.
Yo, Algo. I'm going for a higher time frame schematic. I'll send you my chart. What's up, bro? Are you looking too long here on IMQ? I'm waiting for a bullish reaction on a 15-second time frame. It's kind of dangerous. I'll do a small... Oh, they smacked me in. I'll do a small... I only have a one loss.
Like my max loss is like a hundred bucks. So just be careful because it's not... It looks like I might want to take all that liquidity under it and just, you know... Technically it looks like... Yeah, it kind of looks like that.
Looking at it from a Wyckoff, I don't really trade Wyckoff, but tell me, wouldn't this look almost like redistribution on Nas, JL? What time frame is that? Really a one minute or lower, honestly. I kind of get what you're saying, but I don't really use those one minute Wyckoff somatics.
The thing is Wyckoff is literally just reversal points, so you're going to see one minute Wyckoff schematics everywhere, obviously, because price is fractal. Well, yeah, for sure. But it'd be for intraday movement. Yeah, but I use it in confluence with supply and demand zones. It needs to at least be in a supply or a demand zone before I utilize one minute Wyckoff. I think it's in a demand zone. It is. But it wicked it.
This is exactly how... Well, actually, it came down to another one. But that's the thing with indices and using supply and demand is it's so fickle. It'll come to a zone, it'll give you a trigger, and then it'll come up with the stop loss where that would be then fall. It's so picture perfect when it does it, too.
15 second time frame is really as goaded like I don't I don't use it for like because it's like cool for like if you're using Binance or something it's like you know oh like I did one on ETH the other day I did like a 15 second time frame but it's like here's it worked and it was like holy shit but here's the thing like if you're doing that like unless you have like a really really small account your fees are going to be ridiculous and you're stopped you're not risking 1% you're risking more than 1%.
Because that slippage is going to be more. Oh, is it bad? Oh, I'm assuming because it's a higher priced asset. What?
when you're trading the Nas, right? Well, yeah. I mean, think about it. If you're on a funded account, if you're on a 200 or 300K account, right? And you have, let's just say you somehow get like a $5 stop loss, like dog. You're literally, okay, for FTMO, the contract size is 10. So like, theoretically, if you had a $5 stop loss and you're risking 1%, you'd be opening a goddamn, what is that? If on a $5, it'd be $50. Even a fucking 40 lot.
like bro your fees are gonna be more than your like it's not your fees aren't gonna be one percent but your fees and then the slippage you're gonna end up losing more than one percent bro i do not think i would ever open up a 40 lot on the nos that's what i'm saying but like people love to fucking like i do 10 lots that's my max yeah five to ten that's even i'm even shitting bricks when i'm doing 10 lots yeah like my stop is so it's like a five pip stop it's like not even funny
even then i try to get it to like a two pitch stop because on a 10 mod that will rip your account bro i did uh on the demo i was like on the it was like a 300 lot bro or the five i did a 500 one too bro the slippage bro automatically down 10 bands when i entered the position oh we're getting paid on now as if anybody took that long well paid i shift gears went long on xrp right there when bitcoin decided to take that little bit
It touched like 30 cents. I'm not in my bitch. Okay. What's up? I was watching NQ on... I didn't do an accidentally bought ES on my platform, and so it wasn't moving right, and so I exited. I was like, what the heck's going on? Oh, yeah, and by the way, Casper and Algo, I know I've talked to both of you a bunch about, like, smart money stuff or whatever, but I'm actually working on, like, a funded account right now, so... Oh, hell yeah. Nice. Good luck, bro.
How long have you been here? A couple weeks. A couple weeks of my life have been pretty crazy, but I'm pretty focused now. No rush on it, bro. Just don't rush. Whatever you do.
I got stopped out in profits. I mean, break even that shit. I'm not even greedy with it. I just made $100 and that's it. That shit adds up, bro. Like, hell yeah. I have, so far today, I don't condone this, but so far today I have, let's see. Probably turned like 50 lots. No, yeah, straight up. I have 12 positions that I did today. They were all above $500 profit.
The max profit one was $7,000. We're chilling. My dog is just so humble with it. He's cool with $100. He's cool with $7,000. I'm not greedy, bro. I can't. See, right here, if I would have held, I would have been losing. I'm going to go raid liquidity to the downside or not. For what? You can just reposition.
That would have been a nice short right there. Fuck, it's going to go down. Yeah, that's what I was thinking too.
You know, because I know like different styles of trading. Sometimes I'm like, damn, this is a drop based drop or a drop based rally. I don't I don't I can't like I have to focus on like one thing per like for me, bro. I don't even like I'd market just to kind of test for supply and demand and all that for like indices means fucking nothing to me. Like it's all equity. I swear that's it's fair value gaps and rating lows. That's like where I have success at.
That's the only model I've ever used on indices, and it works, so I'm like, I ain't changing it.
Yeah, so what's the US-30 about? How do I start trading that on FTMO? So you'll make more money off of NASDAQ than US-30. Yeah, US-30 is cool. But I will tell you that Playboy and I used to trade US-30 on livestream. You'll make stupid bread. You just got to be really careful because it moves stupid fast.
like your stop losses don't really work you kind of have your to have your finger on the trigger because i'm uptown and goopie yeah you have to have your finger on the trigger all right guys i'll be right back i gotta use the bathroom all right i'm back i'll show you what it looked like i know i have it saved here somewhere in my gifts
No, this is looking decent, bro. Yo, UJ is a short right now, Gasper. I was watching for it to come down. I wasn't even going to. You just U-tatted yesterday. Yeah, I'm just, bro, UJ is like, fuck, that shit is on demon time, dog. Like, for me, I'm waiting. She's coming for that monthly supply. Yeah, literally, I have it marked. That's what I have marked right here. Yeah, I think this is Reacume, but this U-tad is going to force.
this utah is going to force a pullback to like the 132 area fill those inefficiencies or possibly re-tap that demand zone and then bring us to monthly supply yeah i did like i was literally just watching this every time like i think it was like another range like but look at this like that was distribution i just but it's they're all short lit like you said they're just to fill the inefficiency but it's coming for 138 740 bro oh a thousand percent
Isn't the yen fucking toast right now anyways? Yeah, I was going to say, I don't know, GJ is moving to where I wanted it to. They're all fucked, bro. They're all fucked. I'm going to watch this zone right here for a reversal. Now the five minutes move bullish, now I want one minute to go bullish in this zone. I'm impatient with anything right now at the yen because it's just been super crazy lately. Wait the fucking alert.
What's good ol' end dice doing?
somebody said in yes it's coming up to this nice short area i want to take a short on es go to the five minute and you'll see what's up thank you yeah i see it that would be like for instance that would this it's still in this gap um oh how's tesla doing today is it still uh i'm looking for a 660 on tesla bro is it coming down though is it still yeah it's at 690 right now would you ever buy actual tesla stocks i own 100 shares
I don't know. More shares. If I told you when, uh, no, just by call options. It just, I'll make more money. We're going to touch, we're going to touch six 20, uh, somewhere below six 20 to take out that ST liquidity and form the STB. And that's when I have us coming up to retap the supply created at eight 40 or eight. I'll just say eight 30.
so that's like what a 36% increase yeah from 6 whatever to 8 30 yeah if you buy shares on that STB you'd be set because I think we're just going to come up to that supply and then redistribute after but we could also just have a really powerful redistribution where we just fucking rail through 620
When I watched this TikTok, it was shared on a podcast. I was watching this guy. He was telling the story of how he followed. He's like, I had a Tesla. Then I realized, why would I own a Tesla when I could own however many shares of Tesla? Then I made this smart decision and I sold my Tesla for $38,000 and I bought all Tesla shares.
When I bought Tesla, it was at $900 something. He's like, and now the Tesla that I sold for $38,000 is worth over $45,000. He's like, I now drive a Honda Civic and my investment is down 30%. Damn, he's an idiot. I know, I was like, holy fuck. Like my Tesla average is 300 bucks. Yeah, yeah, exactly. And I sold half my shares and bought them back. I sold them at $1,300 and I bought them back at $600.
i was dying bro because i thought it was gonna go good like it was like when like he did it well i was like he thought it was you thought it was gonna be like a success story like well when i bought my tesla if i if i would have put my money from my tesla into the into tesla shares i would have had uh five million dollars right now because my car was 118 grand that was like what like 20 2016 yeah yeah end of 2016 god
did y'all see where elon musk tweeted fucking here i'm just gonna put it up here because it is so fucked i was like this dude is such a troll hold on because you know you saw that shit where he has uh he had like another fucking mother of his child to like oh yeah where it says elon musk watching his kids and it's a dude standing in front of like fucking 500 monitors yeah but he said where is it no no no this one right here he said this motherfucker is a demon he said
doing my best to help the underpopulation crisis. A collapsing birth rate is the biggest dangerous civilization faces by far. And this literally came out like the day that it was all going around about how he has another kid. I was like, this fucking guy, bro. He has kids. He's like NBA Youngboy, bro. He's got like fucking 10 kids. You know who he has kids, bro? He's got like 7 babies. 10. He has 10 kids.
He has kids like fucking Chris Brown. He don't give a fuck. Would you give a fuck? You got billions. He got whacked for a billion for breaking the fucking Twitter deal. He hasn't got hit with it because Twitter failed to disclose certain things in their agreement. They're going to have a shit show.
That's good for Elon because he still owns 14% of the company. I was about to say, he ain't get whacked, bro. He's a smart motherfucker. He's a demon, bro. Yeah, he's really fucking them, honestly. He's a demon, bro. Elon Musk is an absolute demon. I think he's like the...
Like the only celebrity I follow on Twitter, honestly. Literally, yeah. Bro, I don't get why people hate on him. I mean, like, I don't know, bro. I can see some sides of it, but it's like, I mean, how are you going to, like, what are you doing? They hate on him because they got wrecked by him, bro. It's like people that hate on him for like, oh, he just has so much money. He thinks he can do whatever he wants and shit. You should give money to us. Yeah, literally. Shut the fuck up.
So, you know when he was buying Twitter, people were saying, he can end world hunger. And I just kept saying, why are you watching the man's pockets, right? And then we go give Ukraine $40 billion. Like, what? He already donated money to WHO. Did you know that we just approved another $1.7 billion for Ukraine aid? I don't know if you guys know this. Of course, so they can buy our weapons.
no they buy our weapons with the money we have contracts it's just watching them out of our country right back into debt to us the thing is elon already donated like three billion to stop china and china america is a what's it called bro it's like our massive like investment banks
Yeah, and it's the same thing China does. It's not even like our government giving the money, bro. It's our fucking banks. Yeah, China, like what they do is like the massive highway that China has built through all Asia. They come to countries and they like basically, you know, it's like the godfather. Like, I'll give you a deal you can't refuse. And to build this massive country because it's going to help their country in the long term because theoretically it will. But then they literally like loan them money from their banks at rates that are like.
they're not most likely not going to be able to pay back because what they did, they'll give them this and it sounds good. And then they start like putting like different strategic measures in to make sure they don't make like too much money off of all the new, you know.
all of the stuff going through their country logistically, all the imports, because they're coming to the highway, they're getting taxed, the truck drivers are getting taxed. All that stuff passes, but then they make sure that it's not like they never can actually pay the money back, so now they're a debt slave. And that's how America did all of Europe after World War II. Yeah, well, I've realized living in our country that we're bad people. Yeah, America. We're pieces of shit. Yeah, America's definitely not. We're just capitalists, bro. We like money.
America's definitely not against America. We got it from the Colombians. You remember what Pablo Estebar used to say? Plata o plomo. Money or gun fucking shots. That's America, bro. Yo, y'all said oil? We there. What? Oil? I'm starting to realize, bro, like fucking...
Like, we're just fucking, we're just bad people. Yeah. It's for the greater good. We'll slime the whole country for some bread, for sure. Fuck yeah. Yo, Microsoft is about to put in another leg down, bro. I think I missed my short on ES. Microsoft's about to take a shit.
Like I was saying earlier, bro, it's literally sitting in this fair value gap. This would be the theoretical entry. You wouldn't even do the fair value gap above it? I see it. That's why I'm like... I am looking at the five minutes, so it's kind of skewed. This is the one that broke structure, so theoretically, this is the one you would want to take. I'm not taking it. I'm going to watch it. I'm kind of forward testing. The reason I don't want to take it is because I don't like taking...
trades where my stop loss is in some weird ass area. Like, like you see that gap. I don't want my stop loss in front of that. And if I put my stop loss above it, but my targets are literally right here, like New York, London and Tokyo low. I'm skirting on those bitches. I am not holding past. I mean, I'll hold some, but I'm not going to frame my trade around the idea of holding that long. You know what I mean? So it's like, but that like, like literally when I was watching the video where some of these models are explained, he's like, you know, and sometimes.
the stock the risk towards nobody's like you know and i'm confident i risked four and a half five percent of my portfolio i was like this dude's literally telling people to like imagine losing five percent of your port on one trade like you just lost the funded like what are you doing like you know i'm saying like what the hell is this dude talking about to fucking risk four and a half percent i mean i guess if he's been doing it for fucking how many years and he knows that he has a hit rate but just not my style like i used to risk two percent on trades and like i realize now how degenerate really that was
bro i was looking back at my ftmo because i've had it since 2021. when i was trading for max position size like max was a 10 lot and that was um uh what's it called a clear what i know now
it was a clear distribution of a pair and the people that i was trading with um they do harmonics and and one of them pointed out this trade and it played out it was like whoa oh there we go jesus
inducing them longs. They said, fuck that, we going. I mean, that's the thing, like, really, like, with Nas, it looks like this model would lead me to want to be a bi-day, but I just don't. Like, that's another thing with these indices setups, bro. Like, you gotta be super, like, I'm picky with them, bro, like, and I'll happily miss and just watch and learn from it. A lot of the times, that's, because it's like, when you start to see, like, divergences through, like, the three sisters, like, Spy, Nas, and the Dow.
Like, that's whenever I'm like, unless it's like two of them are showing something clear, the other one's not. Then the other one, you actually will have a good opportunity. Like, for instance, if you're seeing, like, higher lows on NAS and S&P on, like, a higher time frame, and then US 30 is maybe a lower low, look for fucking longs, bro. Because that shit is going to fucking moon. But, you know, and you can also use DXY. Speaking of DXY, let's take a look. Dixie. Yeah, Dixie looking. It finally broke our...
change of character in the four hour. What I don't like is that bonds are coming down with it.
On the forum. The bonds are actually in a demand zone right here. I post this on Twitter. It's also on the monthly order block. So, I mean, it's not shown anything. And look how we formed a daily order block right where the monthly order block was. If bonds hold here, bro, and they start rallying, that's going to show that we're moving towards risk on slowly. But that's why I was saying that macro stream, the stars are trying to align.
you know it's not like super confirmed or cemented but if if bonds get bullish here bro like 10-year notes especially and they start to move up and the dollar starts to move down like i promise you we're gonna be able to find some good buys on a lot of that's why i'm not really rushing anything like especially bitcoin here like i like this zone but i'm not good buys and we better get nuked
No, I mean, as I'm saying, it's not really there yet. But if the dollar starts to really break down, I can really sort of distribute and bonds hold. That's going to be more of my signal for stuff like that. But like with Bitcoin, the thing is, too, is it's like the buys are going to be OK, but I'm not going to really look for them to go. Like with Bitcoin, I'd be like 25 to 28K is like that's that's where I would really be taking a lot off of any kind of swing longs.
See, they both ran, it's just like, I guess you'd say they ran out of this five minute low, but it's like, hmm.
A lot of times, too, you can look for the low that's after 830. I've learned that. And that's this low right here to get rated. And then look for that pattern. Because really, the indices are giving the buy. They gave the sell signal early. But then you never traded back up into any inefficiency. But then they did give the buy signal under these equal lows. And it did trade back into it. And it's respecting it. So you could see a...
Shit. They're showing strength. Yeah, exactly. It's looking good. Apple, Tesla making a move to the upside. Let's see what happens here. If Tesla manages to get above this level, you'll see everything pump because it's a lot of money. It's a Tesla. I think that like spies in this zone, we'll see how it reacts, but I don't think it's going to hold. I think that indices are going to push up.
I took a small last buy on Nas a second ago. Super small, though. It's a little 1.5-er. When we came back on that five-minute fair value gap, over here, or right here. Or no, it was a two-minute, not a five-minute, but this right here. A little dirty 30 pushing that supply exhaustion.
Going up into this supply zone up here, but that's what I'm saying, bro. I swear to you. Don't even try to fuck with supply and demand trying to play indices. It does not slap like it does with currencies and other things.
Yeah, what I like to do, I like to play the whole pivot range. Like the drop-based drop or flip zones? Like the whole range? Yeah, the whole range. I don't really like... It's either the range or fair value for me. Like you said, supply and demand. Like that's not what... Like trying to find an order block. I don't like that. I like the whole pivot range. There's like the school of smart money. That's why I did the class this weekend on the draw and liquidity because like...
like if you really like study it the times the supply and demand really hits is when it's agreeing with that because like jp morgan's not looking at fucking supply and demand zones they're creating them but they're creating them based off what they're seeking out is liquidity in order so they can create them so that's why it's like you know a lot of smart money you know people that teach courses like you should teach supply and demand but
people people give that narrative like like photon for instance like that like i've watched some of his shit but that's like it's like so like gilded the way that he does it like for instance like he has motherfuckers thinking supply and demand just like oh my god like this this works all the time but like if you notice really you have to have an agreement with like your daily draw and liquidity with um but but the thing is that structure and stuff is a good way to to
You use structure, of course, but like supply and demand is created and it's respected most of the time whenever it's in agreement with liquidity rates or daily imbalances being filled, stuff like that. That's one thing that I would definitely want people to understand. Like supply and demand, don't get me wrong, they definitely work on like, especially Bitcoin and Forex, but you need to be aware of like higher timeframe zones of liquidity and that form of thing. Because they work best when you pair with that.
Like, for instance, right here, this on SPY, the entry would have been like right here in this fair value gap. And you'd be taking pretty much all of it right here because you're just targeting the next area of liquidity in a premium of the impulse move. So you'd be taking like all of it in this imbalance or at least like 80 percent of it. But you look, that would be a super good.
trade if you took it from the bottom like if you got in somewhere if you got in right there bro stop i'll just say the top it would have been nasty even if you didn't get in right there you could have gotten at that last one right here that one right there yep anyway that's your confirmation entry and that's what i was gonna see how and it agrees with the stuff like that's that's when it works is when it's agreeing with other shit like whenever so like naz you'd still have a little ways to move in my opinion
But at the same time, you've already came into a premium because the whole strategy is just to take into a premium.
Yeah, I think it still could go up higher. I think the 705 is at like 11,980. I'm just eyeballing it from here on a two-minute chart. There's a fair value gap right there. I would have liked to see it trade into that because I don't like that. Really, that was a drop-based drop, and that pivot zone in the drop-based drop, that has a lot of volatility, and I've noticed that with the gold.
Like gold, I trade support and demand up to rally-based rally candles. And it works out really great. Or when it's coming down, you'll know. When it's coming up, you'll know I have a pullback right there at the rally-based rally. So you can probably catch the next fair rally you got or catch an order block if it's still a bullish setup because you're using it all in.
you know, as one confluence. Right. So it just depends on the volume at the time of when you're trading. Euro's gearing up. Nice, bro.
Well, I don't know. That was a fucking imbalance. I didn't want it to do that. That was going to be the target for me. I told Flo last night, I was like, bro, we should take a YOLO long on NASDAQ. A 10-lot YOLO. YOLO 10-lot and a YOLO long at $1.00 USD. My long-term target for EURUSD is $0.99. I have $0.98. I have $0.98.96-ish. To smack the 50%.
That was literally your low. You tap 99 cents and it moved. Well, 99. It didn't tap 99. Yeah, on FXCM it did. Well, not 99 big figure. Maybe like 999 or something. Yeah, tap 99. Yeah, it's 999. Yeah, no, not that. Yo, that fair value gap on SPX. Oh, my God. On ES. Yeah. Bro.
on the five minute go to the five minute real quick on it you'll see that fair value got right here yeah perfect that's what i was saying that would be like that's where you take out the um that's what i wanted for the for the nasdaq i wanted it to come up to that fair value i was thinking of entering short up there but it decided to reject off of the morning high i'd be using that all the time the ict morning morning low yeah on a 5 30 candle
I'm going to make a cup of coffee. Yeah, exactly. That 530. Yeah, that 530 slacks. Oh, it really did too this morning. Look at that. It came close above it. Or no, it barely kind of did, but still. Bitcoin is up too. Bitcoin is dumping. All right.
I think it's the brubs trying to dump right before they mark the cliff. Nah, I think Bitcoin is... They close at 10 a.m. I think because of how weak Bitcoin is, yeah, we're going to have to... We're going to have to hit that daily accumulation range. 10.30, right? I think it's 10.30 or 11. You're right. I was doing the math. Yeah, I'm not here at 10.30. I'm looking right now. Yeah, no, you're right. But I think at some point... Oh, it's actually...
yeah yeah actually since i remember the bruv's the bruv's that means bitcoin's gonna come down to like that's kind of back down like where is it gonna come down i didn't even bring five minute structure 18.5 that's what i was trying to say because like i i'm not married to this zone at all right here like did you see the i wouldn't even say i sent you um let me look again i did i added you in crypto
Basically, visualizing what I was explaining. We have like our lower time frame accumulation range, but that's just creating a higher time frame daily accumulation range. Like again, hold on. Dream chat. Basically, if we have enough strength, we could reverse from here, but most likely we're going to form that instead. Wait, where'd you send it? Crypto chat. Oh, okay.
I was looking at a chart, and I thought it was fucking Spy. Or, I mean, I thought it was Crypto, and I was like, wait, this is not fucking Bitcoin. It was the chat you sent, or the one you sent earlier. That STB? Huh? The STB is what you're saying? No, I'm saying so. That's my two-hour chart, and then you'll see the black and white one's my daily, so I'm expecting us to follow the daily more. But my original two-hour chart is if we had enough strength, we could bounce in reverse from here. But...
Accumulation obviously takes longer than distribution. So after everything, it kind of makes sense for us to fall into a daily range, especially to reach something of a price target is like $25,000 and even higher. Yeah, that would be exactly some Bitcoin shit, bro. Yeah, because I'm looking for like a $30,000 retest on Bitcoin. $25,000 first because it's equilibrium and then higher into premium.
this week's been like weird bro usually like the better setups for like like pairs come in like on like monday or tuesday and like i feel like they're gonna be later in the week this week because for me like i mean i don't know about you there is not like for euro unless he just pushed sell as soon as the goddamn market opened like there was no setup literally like you could have just pushed sell anytime within the first four hours the market opened you're just done
holy fuck yo es is railing yeah i don't think i'm telling you guys i i mean we'll see that's why i'm studying it but this was the buy down here you would have been taking taking most on es but oh it's not really if i go look back at my spy chart this is actually like it's a dumping
not dumping I'm saying this that move right there that big fucking move up and then that dump down and then the slow move up that we're having this looks like that whole um that whole like manipulation thing that you look for before taking trades the accumulation manipulation thing whatever yeah like this would be like a spring or like an STB in a way and like now we're gonna have a break of structure to the upside at 38620 and then and then we'll come back and put in a higher low
And then bounce from there in reverse. Yeah. There is a lot of equal highs up there too. It's that big move in the middle right there. It's one of the videos Flo sent me. It was like a Pips of Persia video. Do you watch Pips of Persia? I watched like one video a really long time ago. And I like the way it explains stuff. But I have not watched it like in recent. It's been like literally over a year. Flyer never sent you the videos? Flyer said he taught you smart money.
He got me on it. I mean, I never really learned anything directly from him. I asked him questions, but he gave me people. Yeah, he was the one who like got me interested in it. But honestly, the way I taught myself smart money at first was ICT. But that was just liquidity. And then just a bunch of fucking trial and error, honestly, because I wasn't like at first, bro, like.
I didn't really trade supply and demand trading for a very long time. I looked at order block theory, which is different. People think it's the same. It's totally fucking different. Supply and demand is just like any buy-to-sell range that had an inefficiency of orders that caused price to expand. But order blocks are more where institutions... I see them as more fresh zones, to be honest. I like... I mean...
i think they're all the same thing but i i consider order blocks to be like freshly made zones that can only be like retapped once well see the thing is though like if you're using like order block theory from like friends like ict it's like completely different than a lot of supply and demand and i just got a big boner yeah i think they were i think we're gonna push up a little bit but basically like
yeah that whole move in the middle where we just move straight up and then dump straight down that's like that that's like that one minute choc thing that i'm talking about or that one move choc where you you basically you took out that previous high and then you immediately broke and created a new low and then you came and invalidated the five minute supply that broke structure to the downside which is a trend shift confirmation so if i i'll just you know draw this out
So it should look something like this, basically. Look. I would use ES, personally, if you're going to use it, or SPX, if you're going to actually trade it just for the future. But, I mean, what you're doing right now... Can I go back to my ES chart or my US100 chart? US100's not. But if you're... I'm just saying, in the future, use those, because you don't want to use these for trading on FTMO. But, I mean, for what you're doing right now, it really doesn't matter.
like macros you can use spy and also i mean look at spy though because you can see sometimes like the gaps are a little different and stuff like that but oh yeah this one has extended hours that's right yeah you can also pay um for cme data and you get yeah i had the cme data i just actually canceled my auto renewal yeah it literally yeah like literally uh just this month
I forgot why I canceled it. Glacier put me onto it a while ago, but I don't think I ever ended up using it because I never traded any of these assets. Yeah, this honestly might be a breaker block mitigation on US 30.
This, this, this, um, that's another thing. Like so many people try to use shit from like ICT logic and they don't even, it's just completely fucking wrong. Cause there's a very, like for instance, like a breaker is not just a failed order block. It's like when you take, you have to take stops from that level. You know what I mean? Which it did right there. Take them right there. So that's a breaker. It's a perfect breaker. So like theoretically, as long as us 30 holds above the handle right here, that would be, um,
bullish if it holds above it but if it goes back under it that's where you could see a mitigation block form and then you would look for price to trade back into that then sell but um it looks like it wants to hold yeah indices are holding up fucking bitcoin making me want to load up binance again i've still got a decent amount on binance but
Honestly, fucking GJ isn't going to pair up nice, bro. But I'm really going to be patient with it. I want it to come back down. I hope it doesn't leave me. But if it does, fuck it. Damn, Rorita's Tesla dipped under equilibrium of the range algo. It got fucking bought up. It accumulated. Somebody tagged me in something. That's where I get notifications, but it won't pop my screen sometime. I'm just like, bro.
But then I get like some dumbass like notification from an NFT server I've been in forever and then that pops up my screen. Oh USD Frank is coming down to a zone I was watching. Bro this that shit like literally asked Nick. I told Nick as soon as we took this low we are going for this imbalance. I literally called it and then that's we went over in the class like on um last Saturday.
Anybody who took anything... The thing about the Frank, though, bro, you might as well just trade the 15 minute or the one hour, bro. Don't even try to trade low time frames. You'll just get wicked the fuck out almost every time. But it's coming to a zone that I do want to watch it at. But it's pretty heavy in a premium. What's Frank, right? USDCHF. Yeah, that's the one where I say we're going to go to fucking 1.5. That would be fucking insane.
But the only thing you got to think about, too, you mean 1.05 or 1.5? 1.5. Look at the monthly chart. Yeah, I have to look at a different one. But the thing is, though, with the Frank, you got to remember, is if we do, which the Maccas are kind of pointing to this take and what I have, but if we do start to go into a really, like, fucked up state, this shit is going to absolutely fuck you. Real, right? Well, not at first, because a lot of money will be transferred into the Frank because it's a safe haven currency.
Yeah, that's that thing I put in FX chat a while ago, why I said USD Frank is going to moon. Because it says a lot of people flock to this currency during, what is it? Well, if people flock to it, it's going to fucking, if people flock to it, it will cause, more so than the dollar, it'll cause that chart to fucking fall.
Oh, really? Yeah, because that's what I'm saying. The frank grain strength, you know, if you're denominated against... It's like if you're denominated by DXY and you fucking... DXY starts pumping. It's the same effect. Like, if the frank starts pumping, it's like you're in Bitcoin and fucking DXY is railing. It's like the same thing.
This chart is fucked right now. DX1 needs to go down. These Nas longs are paying, but I wish I took such a baby-ass position, bro. I just love that picture. Pound, dollar also is gearing up for at least a counter trend. The 4-hour needs to pull back. It gave a change of character, but I don't really like the zones it's giving. The demand is like... I don't really see much displacement. I see a huge wick right here. That would be like the...
And that's got a 15 minute. I mean, I guess you could say like down here in this area. I'm going to set alerts for that area and I'll watch it, but it's counter trend. So I'm going to be super picky on all the time frames to tell me to press that blue button.
so tokyo high was taken you could almost it's not really in kill zone for actually no it's not in kill zone but it's in session you could possibly watch for shorts here if you see a liquidity raid reversal pattern like the same thing we just played on um naz if you see that on above like a tokyo high you get like a break of structure the downside with displacement you could look for um a uh possible short
The only thing is, though, the dollar is probably about, if the indices fly more, the dollar is going to shit. It's going, yeah, the dollar just made some equal lows. It's insane, bro, how TA really does work, like, on shit that's not necessarily actively, like, theoretically traded, which, I mean, this is traded because it's, you know, the fucking mother currency of all trading, but it's just crazy how you can see the inverse correlation to, you know, investors' confidence in markets.
It could find a little local bottom, but I'm probably going to either take this in full here. I'm definitely taking some off. US-30 is so weird, bro. USD-CAD. That's distribution like a motherfucker, isn't it? Jail.
It's going to be lower time frames. Honestly, the USD CAD is going to fucking rail. That's what I have for CAD too. Lower time frame distribution, but looking at the monthly chart. It's going to fucking moon, bro. Like $1.33. Yeah, I'm thinking even higher. The top of the range at $1.47. Yeah, those equal fucking highs. I mean like...
I don't want to get Moonboy. I was looking at this, and I was like, okay, I'm not going to talk. It's not Moonboy. It's just market structure. Well, yeah, but you've got to think of institutional structure as this order block right here. Sorry, let me rephrase that. And that's also in the COVID crash. So, like, I would look for... Like, I would never swing something to those targets. You know what I'm saying? I want to see how we react at the monthly order block. Oh, yeah, not until you get the confirmation. But, yeah, this is what I see on the monthly.
We're currently within basically a reaccumulation range. That's like why I'm like, if you look at like institutional levels on like indices, we're literally just all sitting on monthly order box. And the thing is, uh, with, with CAD though, we've been within this four hour channel since fucking forever. April. Yeah. April or March 21, March, 2021. I was looking for potential longs, uh, like a dollar 28.
$1.28. Oh yeah, that's sitting right at like equilibrium too. I was thinking that we were, because I'm not going to lie, the way we've been, we pierced through the weekly supply zone, which means we've absorbed all supply from here, which means we could get like one final pullback and then we can finally break this zone now that everything's absorbed from it. Yeah, and if you look at like the monthly, weekly, daily, bro, that shit looks, I mean like, it's extended, but it's, in my opinion, that shit looks like it could fucking rail, bro.
Like, the weekly looks like this is, like, the... What is the shit? The LPSY? Is that what it's still called in Accumulation? Or it's, like, after the sign of strength? Accumulation, it's LPS. LPS, last preliminary support, or whatever. Or that's the last point of support. Last point of support, yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna read that book by that Ruben guy. I'm gonna start reading it, just because it's interesting. Damn, it does look like distro. On the 4-hour? Yeah. Or I'm on the Frank now. What am I doing? Hold on, let me get back to the guide.
Yeah, you could. You might have like a... You know what looks really bad? Swiss-Japaneseian. Oh my god, I don't even want to look at that. I would never touch that shit, bro. I want to short that shit so bad. I would never touch that shit. This looks... Actually, this looks ideal. And then the other one I'm looking at is a UDJPY. I'm waiting for it to come down to like 89, 970-ish.
so i could take a long on that bitch you know i was really monitoring that shit recently but i i just don't like the way it moves so like i just took it off my watch list like i did have i was like because like bro and it's done this so many times like okay for instance it came up to this zone right here right and then let me see where it went because there was something that was just like wait this is the wrong chart
Oh, that's what it is. Oh yeah. I forgot to say on the monthly or weekly timeframe for USD CAD, we're basically, I think we're accumulating on equilibrium right now. So we're, we're like barely in discount. So I think we are going to fucking move on USD CAD sometime soon. Like on a USD JPY or not USD JPY, Aussie JPY. It like.
I don't like shit that moves like this, like where it like came down broke, but it's just no displacement. It came into like a flip zone. Like I, and it does this all the time. Cause I'm not personally, I just don't take that. Like it's not even in a premium of like the current little impulse move, but it's done that like three times where I'm just like, I'll wait till it gets to like, um, you know, a four hour zone. And it's just, I would say though, that the target for this would be to come up above this high right here into like,
I refined this zone up here, but it's like 94 bucks, 94.08, and then shorts like a motherfucker under these equal lows and down into this daily. I don't know if it was daily or weekly equilibrium. Yeah, the only reason why I wanted it to come down is because if you look at the monthly, we're in premium.
I was playing it off of the bigger time frames. I looked at the monthly, weekly, daily. I didn't go down lower than that. I didn't finish doing TA. I definitely think it's coming down like a motherfucker, but it's just a fickle motherfucker. And plus two...
I don't really like trading Asia because first of all, like I don't like staying up super late. And then almost always your Asia higher low gets taken in your sleep. So it's like, for me, I'm like, I don't, I just, you may, I've made good Asia. Like I trade off the dollar in Asia sometimes and it's like, it hits, but that's just like, I feel like the time efficiency is not there. Like that's one thing I'm really trying to boil down with trading is like, you know,
Because if I'm not making a good rate hourly or if the setups aren't really presenting themselves, I'm just wasting my time. And that's what happens to me in Asia because I kind of came to that realization recently, even with Asia pairs. But that's another reason I took it off because I was like, okay, well, if I'm trading New York session, Aussie yen, it's going to move just because it's a major cross, but it's not going to move like EU, GU. You know another pair that moves?
actually really well during uh new york is gj row just because it's one of the the major but i've like you wouldn't think you'd think to trade that like a pm session but i swear to god that shit moves like a lot of the good moves are in the new york session i don't understand why but it's interesting
Yeah, for CPI, I think if we come in at what the analyst said, which is 8.9 off the Bloomberg terminal, there's this one dude that doesn't miss with his CPIs. He's hit like the past bucket. What can I say? 10 or 15 CPIs.
Yeah. And he's hit the more, what's it called, the interest rate hikes and everything. He's hit all that on point. He's saying 8.9. So if we go anywhere below 8.9, markets will run up. If we go above, fucked. It comes out Thursday, right? CPI? Let's see. Thursday or Friday. I know there's no high impact until those days this week for USD.
We got CPI comes on Thursday. No, tomorrow. Is it tomorrow? I thought we didn't have anything until Thursday. I could be wrong. No, no, no. I think I could be wrong one second. Is this right? Damn, why are they scaring people everywhere? That's what they love to do. GJ, you better come back for me, baby. Yeah, it's tomorrow. It's the 13th. Yeah, okay, so it is tomorrow. It's Bitcoin doing.
Yeah, failed to make that higher high. Goddamn, I wish I'd have took my whole nose. I took it. I took some when I was earlier. I was like, I'm going to take partials. I took 50%. I'm just going to take the rest. It's such a baby position. It wasn't even much spread anyways. A five-minute fair value gap, though, on the SPY. Smack. Dude, US 30 is looking like... It's rated highs. It's in 50-minute institutional candle.
The same one that provided the bearish change of character on a four-hour. I think I'm going to be patient with this one. If I get a 15-minute change of character here, and then it returns, it just goes there. I've found that going through all the time frames like that really, it's just better to wait, even if you miss trades. Well, shit. We sit down here for quite a bit longer than usual. I am going to hop off, though.
I'm going to watch End of Sea Price Action coming in back from lunch and see if there's any kind of setup that presents itself that's good. I don't really want to touch anything during the lunch hour, but until tomorrow, I will holler at you guys later. Peace.
