This is the only scalping strategy you will ever need. It consistently gives me days like this, this, and this, and I'm about to show you exactly how. In this video, I'm going to teach you the full strategy using multiple recent examples and then do a one-month backtest to prove to you that it works.
the goal of this video is for you to be able to walk away and make consistent profits as a trader with less than 90 minutes of work per day let's hop right into step one which is how we find our trading range to start off your trading day you're going to get to your desk right at 9 30 a.m eastern standard time and this strategy works for any market whether it's futures stocks crypto or forex we're going to start out on our five minute chart in order to find this you're going to go on trading view and you're going to click this five minute button this means that each candle you see
represents five minutes worth of price action. The first part of identifying our range is to mark out the high and the low of the first five minute candle that occurs at 9.30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. In order to do this, we're going to go over here to the left on trading view. We're going to select our trend line tool and then we are just going to mark out the high.
and the low of this first five minute candle and why do we mark out this specific candle and the answer is because the first five minute candle has the highest volume of the trading date and this is very important for multiple reasons reason number one is that the low is where buying pressure was the strongest during this first five minute period and the high was where selling pressure was the strongest so this candle shows us where the most amount of sellers and the most amount of buyers are
This is very, very important in order to understand who is really in control of the market. And the best part is these levels appear every single day and they're all you need in order to find consistent winning trades. But I wanna be very clear, these levels alone are useless unless you have a simple and repeatable way to enter trades using them. Because understanding what levels and the range you need to trade from
doesn't matter if you can't consistently enter trades and this brings us to step two of the strategy which is how we figure out who's in control but first i want to ask you an important question if you had a simple and proven strategy are you the type of person who would actually stick with it and not hop to a new strategy as soon as you see a shiny object and i ask you this because this is the most important skill that
any profitable trader has and i could show you the best strategy in the world but if you fail to stay consistent with it it will mean nothing now that we got that out of the way let's talk about how we can figure out who's in control of the market whether it's buyers or sellers now in order to do this we're going to go to our one minute chart and wait for a break in between this range is a no man's land now how many of you guys have gotten chopped up in markets taking a bunch of trades that you're not supposed to be in and this results in you losing your account
Well, as long as you avoid this range, your probability of doing that will decrease heavily because inside this range is where we see chop. Now, in order to wait for high quality trading conditions, we need to wait for a break. But I want to be very clear that neither wicks or candle closures count. What we need to wait for is a very specific behavior. Now, a lot of you guys right here will FOMO into the markets thinking the market's going to run away.
because we're starting to get big moves outside the range, but this is the reason that you're stuck and unprofitable. And understanding this simple and repeatable way that you can identify high probability trades will change your career for good. So as you can see, the market comes back into the range, and this is where a lot of you guys end up getting stopped out. You may even end up reversing your trade and going long here. Now, what I want you to focus on here is a very specific kind of behavior that we see moving outside of the range.
Now, again, this doesn't count because all we had was a candle closure. We're going to wait for a very specific break and retest pattern. That way we can filter out the losing trades and make sure that we find the high quality trades. And in order to do that, we're going to use a very simple three candle pattern. Now, some of you may already know what this is. It's called a fair value gap. And all a fair value gap is, is when we have a big expansive candle that leaves gaps between the candle before it.
and the candle after it like you see here shaded with this blue box but some fair value gaps are stronger than others and this fair value gap would not qualify to tell us who is in control now the reason for that is we didn't get a candle closure outside of the range with it so as we said before a wick alone doesn't count a candle closure alone doesn't count and fair value gaps don't count either if they don't close outside of the range or have a confirmation
Now, as we can see pretty quickly after this, we see another fair value gap created and this time it closes outside the range. However, this still does not give us an entry because while it closed outside of the range, we haven't confirmed it. Now, in order to confirm it, we're gonna look for a very simple and repeatable pattern and you have to be patient in order to use this properly. But if you can be patient, this will change your trading and be the breakthrough you've been looking for.
As you can see right here, the market dug into the fair value gap and then rejected bearishly. Now, this is where a lot of you guys FOMO and want to get into the market too quickly. What we're going to wait for is for a candle engulfing. So whatever candle hit into the fair value gap. So notice this downclose candle traded into the fair value gap. What we would want to see is the next candle engulf that candle. And as you can see in this one, it did not.
The market is moving to the upside. And if you would have taken a trade based on this candle, you would have likely gotten stopped out. So the market is now traded back into that fair value gap. And what are we waiting for? A candle engulfing. And as you can see, we got that with this candle. So again, just to recap, we have to have a fair value gap that closes outside of the range, okay? Meaning one of the three candles has to close outside of the range.
The market has to trade back into the fair value gap, and then we need an engulfing. Now, if you're not sure what an engulfing is, it's just when we have one candle's body like this, meaning the candle that traded into the fair value gap gets engulfed. So see how this candle's body closed under this candle's body? That is our confirmation. And now we can look for our entry, stop loss, and take profit because we know who is in control of the market.
and in this example it's sellers now we'll go over bullish examples and different examples in other market conditions later in the video that way you're able to trade this every single day but for now let's talk about how we find our entry exit and stop loss because no strategy is a strategy if you don't have a clear and mechanical way of doing this and this brings us to step number three finding and placing the trade and this is going to be game changing for a lot of you because most of you
aren't actually bad at trading and trading isn't as complicated as you think the problem is just that your entry rules aren't simple enough and chances are if you had a mechanical system that made the decisions for you then you would have the patience needed to wait for the best entries which is exactly what you're going to walk away from today's video with so after we have got our confirmation meaning the markets traded into our fair value gap and we got our engulfing at this time we are good to enter the trade
now in order to plot out our trade you're going to go over here to the left on trading view you're going to click right here and since we broke through the low of the range and sellers are in control we are going to take a short position now what this tool does is it helps you plot out the most important metric in trading which is your risk to reward now what this shows is this line right here shows your trade entry and you can put the darker side of the box as your stop loss
this is where you would get out of the trade and say my idea was invalid and you protect your downside so for this strategy we're going to put our stop loss one tick above the candle that retested the fair value gap and got engulfed
And then for our target, we are going to go to a fixed three to one risk reward. This helps you avoid overthinking when to exit, which is where you actually make money. And this is where a lot of traders mess up because they can find good entries, but they don't know where to get out. And they end up holding trades too long and giving back profits. So after you enter the trade and you place your stop loss one tick above the candle that got engulfed.
that traded back into the fair value gap, we're then going to take our target and place it at a fixed three to one. Now, as you can see on this trade, we have $585 at risk to make $1,755. And for trade management in this strategy, it's really simple because once you enter the trade, you can sit back with confidence, not having to worry about micromanaging it and trust that the market will go in your direction. This trade took 16 minutes to play out and it made you $1,755 in profit.
Not bad for less than 20 minutes of work if you ask me. And now you've seen how the strategy works. However, you don't yet have everything you need to trade this correctly. Now, why you might ask? Well, because you need to see how this executes in different market conditions in order to successfully trade it. Let me walk you through some recent trade examples. That way you can see exactly how powerful this strategy really is. And then afterwards, we're gonna backtest it over the last month. That way you can walk away with the confidence you need in order to execute.
this consistently. So for the second example of this strategy, we have our first five minute candles high and low marked out. Now we're going to go to the one minute chart. And at this time, you're going to sit back and wait for a break. Now, as we've talked about before, we need a specific type of behavior. Wix don't count.
You have to stay patient and understand that inside this trading range is where a lot of your losses are occurring. I guarantee if you went back and tested your trading, you would see that a huge amount of the losses that you're taking occur in this range. So simply removing the losses by sticking to this strategy is going to positively impact your trading. Not to mention the extra money you're going to be able to make from the strategy itself.
So you have to stay patient. As you can see, sometimes it can take a little while. At this time, it's been about 30 minutes into the day, but we still haven't got an entry. Now, what I want you to pay attention to here is how many times the market dances around inside this range, how many times wicks hit it, candle closures. All of this is noise, okay? You have to sit back and be patient. Even big moves like this, you can't pay attention to because they don't create a fair value gap. But remember, like I told you guys earlier, the most important part,
of being a consistent trader is sticking to one method no matter what. And patience is key. All of this stuff you look at is noise. And until we get our fair value gap, you're going to sit back and wait. Now, as you notice right here, we've got our fair value gap, but we need to wait for a confirmation before entering a trade. As we can see, the market trades into this fair value gap with this candle.
This candle's wick trades into the fair value gap. So until this candle gets engulfed, we don't take a trade. And as you can see, this candle's body did not get engulfed by the next candle's body. This candle's body did engulf it. So at this time, you're good to take a trade. So you would go into a long position, put your stop loss one tick under that candle's low.
And then you're going to target out that three to one risk to reward. So as you can see, we've got $395 at risk to make $1,175. Now at this time, you sit back and let the market do its thing. Now, as you can see, the stop loss was hit. You guys are probably thinking, wait, what? Yeah, because you're not used to seeing YouTube videos where people show the real side of trading, which is that sometimes you're gonna lose trades, guys.
mind-blowing i know but i want to prepare you guys that way you're actually able to go out in the markets and execute this consistently because how you take losing trades and most importantly what you do after is what's going to determine whether you're successful or not in the long term so how do you handle the situation how many of you guys have been in this situation you did all the homework you were patient and the market still stopped you out now you feel entitled
Now you might feel scared to enter the market again. Now you might be talking to yourself saying, oh, I knew this was going to happen. I should have just entered here. I should have done this, shoulda, woulda, coulda. You can't think like that. You have to stay mechanical because if you are sitting here aware of yourself and you're not getting lost in your emotions, what do you notice? The market just gave an entry again because this candle now is the new retest candle. And if we engulf that candle, that in and of itself is an entry. So you have to stay strong.
and make sure to stay mechanical now you do want to limit this to two trades per day because after two shots most likely the market isn't going to give you what you want but you do need to make sure to show up the second time in the case that the trade entry is valid because the fair value gap is still holding yes we swept out this little low right here but what happened right after it buyers stepped back in
And then they took control again. Now the market's not gonna be perfect and you have to understand how to adapt in different conditions. So at this time, you're good to enter the trade. You would put your stop loss down one tick below that candle. And then you're gonna put your take profit at that fixed three to one risk to reward. And as you can see, we've got $450 at risk to make $1,335. You're gonna sit back and let the market do the lifting for you.
And as you can see, the market hit the target. And even with a losing trade, you would have still walked out on the day making $940. And the time from the first entry all the way to the second one hitting the take profit was only 27 minutes. And all of this played out before 11 a.m. Less than 90 minutes.
from the open of the market. Now, if you wanna get access to the trades that I'm taking, a full free course and a ton of other free education, I will leave a link down in the description so you can join my free trading community. And that way you can learn how to navigate markets like this.
and learn the actual raw reality of trading not just cherry-picked examples and youtube guides like you've seen on this app before so go ahead click the link in the description it is totally free and i'll see you guys inside so far you've learned the strategy you learn how to execute it in both bullish bearish
clean and choppy markets. Now let's hop into the back test. That way I can prove to you how strong this is and you can walk away from this video with the confidence you need to stay consistent because that is the most important part of successful trading. So let's take a look at how this strategy performed over the last 30 days. During that time, it produced total 17 trades and out of those 17 trades, 64% were winners.
This yielded $8,180 in profit, trading just-
one single nasdaq contract and it only went into the red 685 during that period now you guys have the full strategy you've seen it executed in different market conditions and you've even seen it tested to see how it works over the last month but i want to be clear when i say that consistency is key and if you're anything like i was whenever i first started trading almost nine years ago i would watch videos online and then go out in the market and i would freeze it didn't feel the same
make all the mistakes that kept me unprofitable and most trading education doesn't bridge the gap between education and implementation and without a consistent way to actually execute all the information in the world won't make you a successful trader which is why I created the mentorship that I wish I would have had when I started out as a trader inside you get access to live trading where you're watching your mentor execute and call out trades five days per week in both the London
in new york sessions every single trade that you take is reviewed to make sure that you're doing things correctly and not making mistakes you get access to enigma trading software which is not available anywhere online i invested my own capital into building this software and i do not offer it to the public
You get direct access to ask me anything you need and get the guidance and support necessary to stay consistent. And if you implement this full system and still don't become a funded trader, we will personally sit down with you calling out trades and fixing your mistakes until you become a funded trader. If you haven't realized already, this is not your average trading discord. And due to that, there are limited spots in each month's enrollment. And I can't guarantee that the doors are still open at the time you're watching this video, but if the link in the top of the description
description next to the word mentorship still works, then enrollment is open. If this video brought value to your trading, go ahead and subscribe to the channel. I post free education here every single week. And truth be told guys, everything that you need in order to be successful is here on YouTube. I'm not telling you by any means that there is any secrets or that you need the mentorship because truth be told in trading, you can learn everything on your own.
the market's going to be your greatest teacher it just might take years doing it that way rather than if you go with a mentor it might take you a matter of months so make sure to subscribe watch the playlist on your screen and i look forward to seeing you guys win just remember to stay consistent and i'll see you guys in the next video
