Give everybody a second to get in here. I know we're doing the stream a little earlier than usual. I actually have my girlfriend. She loves making plans and then letting me know like the last minute. She's like, well, your job, you pick when you work. I'm like, well, I mean, I do other things too, but she always manages to do that. But.
Pretty nice price action this morning on a yes, I kind of little pre-market so urban that sell by and this was just based off of five minute Did a nice little to our here I Was kind of hesitant to take it because I don't really use the five minute a lot But I just there was really not a good one minute entry here if we look we definitely got our raid After 830 again, it's best to wait till after 930 if you are newer to this
But I will look, you know, starting as early as 8.30. Actually caught this one from bed. But we rated down into that other fair value gap right here. There was even like a 15-minute one. Yeah, the 15-minute one seems like this was the...
reaction point there. I'm going to move that just so I keep my screen or my chart as uncluttered as possible. A really nice reaction there. And we were talking about three drives a little bit recently, and I just released that short on three drives. If you haven't watched it, go watch it after this video. But we have this nice one, two and third drive right into a POI. So when we see that,
You know, we look for a potential opportunity to go long if it meets other confluences. So, you know, what are our other confluence here? Discount pricing, right? We have imbalances up above.
We've cleaned out a ton of the internal liquidity, right? So, I mean, you know, one could be a little bit more, it's risky, I would say, with their targets. And, you know, you could even maybe try to target up here and target the buy side. Now, I didn't do that because to me, the 2R was enough. It's Friday. I'm not going to hold this over the weekend. And there's a lot of imbalances in this really big order block right here. So, I mean, you never know. It's just because he reacted from an internal.
uh area of liquidity nothing is ever for sure although i will say this looks pretty good but um you know don't want to degen anything friday is kind of a weird day to trade anyways sometimes so i was happy with this um i didn't risk much on it because it was the five minute entry and i haven't done a five minute entry into season i don't even know how long um but nonetheless still nice trade
What I did is just enter to equilibrium because if we look we have this imbalance right here Yeah, I could have went down to a one minute and you know Played this imbalance, but it's like I mean it wasn't really that much of a difference for me So I just use the five-minute chart put it right at equilibrium of the impulse move that confirmed this three drive and Whenever I say confirm with this three drive. I mean, you know If I was using the one minute to enter usually I would have looked for
You have this shift in structure right here.
market as any high i mean i'm really aggressive as you guys know i just pick any candle that has a candle to the left it's lower and the right it's lower or vice versa for lows and that's going to be my you know my point where i need to break i don't really need a market structure break or msb via whatever abbreviation everybody wants to use i know that this would be the strong high or some people say this is but for me i just look at it as highs and lows so after that happened you know we obviously know that price never really
gave an entry as far as, you know, without running quite a bit. So I just used the five minute.
Now, one thing, somebody DM me this morning, and I'm glad that I showed or told them not to do this. And usually I won't tell people not to do something because I don't want to be that guy. I'll teach you how to use the tools. And I mean, of course, we give signals in the private discord. But if it's not a direct signal, and I get so many people reaching out, hey, bro, do I take profit here? Do I close here? I'm not going to tell you what to do with a trade that I didn't set up.
you may see something i didn't i'm you know everybody has different styles but this morning somebody messaged me about shorting right here they said okay this place i'm breaking structure the downside
right and this is a really good example i want everybody to pay attention to this that's trying to trade these uh they said was there oh yell at me tesla i'm just kidding i don't know how you did it all okay i've seen what's up smith and lm lm we're gonna go over apt just after this i promise i haven't forgot i know you didn't ask or anything you're not rushing me but i just want you to know um at 8 19. yeah but remember what do we wait for what what was the context of this you know it wasn't after 8 30.
and i see how you could get tripped up in that and don't beat up on yourself but you know you could look at this like if i got that kind of price action over here i would long that too so i understand i can see what happens but you always want to wait for um something to happen after 8 30. 8 30 is going to bring a lot of volatility um oftentimes going to be manipulation so that's why i don't really recommend trading uh what's up josh he's new to the discord irbs buddy
And for this question, I am using the wicks. I use wicks. I don't, I don't do closures. I'm not, I don't look at like, I understand like the closures for like confirmations of swing structure. I kind of have a little bit more of a kind of a liquid style. I don't know the word for it. I just, but I don't think there's anything wrong with using maybe a candle closure to confirm, but.
Indices are a little bit more intricate in my opinion. That's more for like Forex high timeframes and crypto higher timeframes and stuff like that, in my opinion. Everybody has a different style, right? Some people I know, they literally will turn off their Wix and this is all they see, right? I think that's crazy, but people do that.
So the reason you shouldn't really short right here, in my opinion, and this is a great example of why market structure shifts are a tool that is not to just be used every single time. It's like the same concept as everybody who wants to just short an order block or every single order block, right? They'll say, let's just say we have a bit of price action and we'll just say that this tapped into a 15 minute order block.
And it gave a choch. So he's going to say, oh, it gave choch and it didn't take the low. This is bullshit. This doesn't work. But it's not that simple. If it was that simple, we'd all be rich. You guys wouldn't be watching this. We'd all be rich, right? It's all about context. So think of it. Think of the market structure shift or a choch or whatever it is you use in the lower timeframes to tell you price is going to move. Think of that as a tool that you only use in certain situations.
What it is telling you is that price is reaching towards something in the opposing direction. If you see this, yes, price is reaching down, but how far is price reaching? Is it even worth it? Because when we look at this, we have an impulse swing and we're operating in the context of the one hour chart. You're in a discount and an imbalance after you've gotten a shift in market structure on a five minute.
So what is likely to happen here is price is going to return down to a discount before moving higher, which is exactly what happened. So if you shorted right here, sure, here's this break. I guess if you use this right here, which I mean, to be honest with you, I don't think most people would have. In hindsight, that's the best entry. But even then, let's see what happened. I mean, is that good enough for you? I mean, I don't want to take that.
Because why? Price had already traveled back down to a discount of that impulse swing that gave us a higher time frame market structure shift. So the one minute is operating in context of the five minute. The five minute is operating in context of the one hour. The one hour is bullish. We're in a discount price delivery array. The five minute has confirmed that price delivery array. So that retracement. Now, if this was a large move where you could get good risk to reward.
then yeah, for sure. Like, I'll show you an example of shorting a, it's on NQ. It's from yesterday. I don't know why I'm typing it out. So this is, and I could have taken it longer because it was in premium, but for instance, if we look at this price swing, this big pushup, right? I had this shift yesterday.
where you just take it back to a discount. This is an example where that makes sense because you have that shift, it's telling you market wants to go lower, where's it gonna go? Probably to discount of whatever impulse swing gave you the setup. Just like you look at this, okay, well that's a setup, that's worth it. Now we go to ES, that's not worth it. It's just that simple and it's understanding when to trade, so to speak.
Because just because we have the tool and the know-how of price telling us one thing, a lot of people, they have a lot of FOMO or they're really trigger happy. And every change of character, every break of structure, every order block's got to get traded. And you just destroy your edge like that. And you destroy your psychology, which you guys who have been with me for a little bit know that with technicals,
I think most people trip on the technicals way too much. And they think that learning the technicals are going to give them a sure shot way to win. When what that's really going to do is ignore the foundation of a successful trader, which is psychology.
And not only ignore it, but it's going to destroy it because you're going to build expectations that you know what the market's doing. Because here's a little secret. I don't know what the market's doing. For sure. No one does. Absolutely nobody knows what this is going to do for sure. We just have to think in probabilities and understand how to create an edge. Is an edge shorting every single opportunity? No.
If you're playing blackjack, you don't double down every hand. You know when to make the correct moves and when not to in order to maintain a probabilistic edge.
So that's a really good example of not every single shift is going to give an opportunity. And once you learn to look at price as, you know, you're looking at it objectively and you're letting the market give you information. You know, what does this tell me? Okay, well, price is going to pull back a little bit. Where's it going to pull back to? Discount its range. Does that mean you need to get involved with that? No.
sitting back and not getting involved in it, but being correct will boost your confidence and will further your understanding of price because that's all price action trading or smart money concepts, whatever you want to call it. That's all it is, is understanding what price is doing based on candles only, right? Like for instance, here in this example,
And I'm not trying to predict the future because here's the, again, I don't know, right? I don't know for sure. I just know what, you know, I think is likely. So if I look at this impulse room in the 15 minute and.
let's say there wasn't really a great opportunity, but let's just say it got a really clean market structure shift right here. It didn't. Let's just say it did, right? Just for education. It's like, let's say this candle was massive. There's a fair value gap and you could get a couple of risk to reward down to these equal lows. That might be something you would take, something I still wouldn't recommend towards newer traders. But as soon as you understand that the market is just moving from internal liquidity to external liquidity, from premium to discount,
on multiple different timeframes in context of one another. So if the one minute is giving a bearish shift, well, it might be just to mitigate the five minute. If the five minute is giving a bullish shift, it might be going to mitigate the one hour. If the one hour is giving a bullish shift, it might be telling you that this pullback right here, all this is over.
All right, so if we look at this, what I would anticipate here is we see a little bit higher pricing. Maybe not today, but we have this market structure shift here. What did we create? A fair value gap.
And even when I'm looking at this, am I sure this is going to work? No, this might just blast down and just go to the depths. There's a lot of stuff going on right now. There's earnings. It's Friday. Next week has a lot of major companies dropping earnings reports, which probably are not going to be great. So there's going to be a lot of manipulation and everything is going to be choppy. But you have to look at things from an objective perspective and not try to force a trade every single time the market.
quote, gives you one. Because a lot of times it's not necessarily giving a good one. And then you may miss one and think, oh, dude, fuck Casper. I knew I should have taken this trade. But that might have just been the one time that that worked, if that makes sense. It's all about just evaluating what's probable, what makes sense, what is in context of the timeframes relative to what kind of trader you are. So we'll go to APT now for you, LM.
um holy it's like i was saying um i just to start this off this is stuff i would stay away from just because of the fact it just launched like this to me is just bait like the the idea um and also josh crypto that was um just joined you made a good point and you said you um
you were trying to trade small caps, but I promise you that is, that's fool's gold. I promise you. And I mean that with as much love as possible. I'm not trying to like talk shit about trading small caps or say it's bad or I'm just telling you that it's not probable, right? It's like, it's like pennies, man. You know, it's one of those things that's like.
It seems like it sounds like on paper it's the best move, but you can get better opportunities by learning how to trade higher cap assets. Because if you're trying to learn how to trade with me, what we're going to be trading based off of is manipulation. And we want measurable manipulation like we have in stock indexes where there are larger forces at play that have an interest and have an agenda of where they're trying to push price for their own benefit.
Now, when we have something like this, this just looks like a rug pull. You know, the devs, I mean, holy fuck. How far did this go? Yeah, the devs offer it. Rug pulls all the way up to $100, almost in the penny and shits. This to me just looks like something that it's just not, it doesn't look like something you want to touch.
To answer your question about technicals, let me see what times. It's pretty recent. You said if a one hour creates a gap. Let me go back and read this message. I was trying to understand this the best I can so I can answer it. Where is it? Okay. The question was, let's say you see a swing on the one hour that creates a gap between the second and third candle.
And I think you're talking about upswings because you'd sent another picture. So here, okay. So maybe you're talking about right here. You mark the gap, but when you go to the lower timeframes to refine the gap, all the gaps are filled. Okay, I think I see what you're saying more now. And stop me if this is not what you're talking about. But if there's a gap on the higher timeframe, let's just go back to price action is price action. So I know it's a little different. Let's say...
This is actually, I thought there was more wicks here. What you're asking basically is if you have, you know, a, so if we have something like this, bear with me, my drawing skills are not the best sometimes. Shorten those wicks. So we have something like this on the one hour and you have this gap right here, but then you take that same perspective.
And you go to a, let's say a one minute, like you said. And there is a bunch of price action here. I'm not going to drive shitload of one minute candles because just for the sake of both of our time. But let's say you have.
Just a bunch of choppy price action. And there's nothing left to be filled. And you're going to say, okay, well, I've refined it. There's really nothing to be filled. My advice is still pay attention to the one hour gap. So don't try to refine and refine and refine. The only time that I really refine is if I have something like this. I'm trying to make this the best I can. Probably going to just move that. The only time I'll refine is if I have a massive, massive candle.
you know something like something like this you know if i have something like that
then I'm going to refine it just because, you know, I like to be a little bit more precise than that. But if I have a normal gap, I'm not going to always try to refine it. And usually I'll just hop to a 15 minute. I don't really go much farther than that. Because a lot of times, let's just say this is the impulse swing. And you say, you got this massive fair value gap. Okay, well, what, you know, we say first price delivery array in a discount.
this imbalance is in both, I would go down to the 15 minute and see which one starts under the equilibrium. Don't worry about the one minute because the one minute oftentimes is not going to reflect what you're seeing on the one hour because there's a lot more movement in each candle. But whenever we're talking about imbalances, we want to focus on the higher timeframes as far as framework. Like if we're looking to frame trade ideas, the one minute we do use them for entries.
but only in the context of those higher timeframes. So don't get too caught up in trying to refine them and really only refine if it's just a massive zone. And again, it goes back to one thing I've learned. I've been doing this a while. I'm not like a 30 year veteran or something, but.
I promise you, min-maxing everything, like trying to get the most last drop and minimizing every last error and maximizing every win, that will be the death of you. I know so many traders who are great analysts and they make no money. And they're always going to have a reason why they should keep doing whatever the fuck they're doing.
And it's more of a game at that point. You're just trying to say you've got the best, you know, you caught the exact bottom. And it sucks because that's the narrative that a lot of teachers push.
It's just, it's not, it's not, that's just a dream. You know what I mean? And I'm not saying you'll never get that. Again, don't be like, oh, Christopher said we can only get two R. I'm not saying that, but I am saying when you're learning and whenever you, even, even if you're profit when you've been trading, you know, don't try to min max every single little thing. Like if I go back in hindsight, there's going to be some guy who's going to say,
oh yeah, dude, well, I actually looked at this. This is the demand. I did this and I caught this right here. My stop loss is right there. Yeah, I just hit 25R. You know what I'm saying? And that's what people will literally post and act like they're doing. Here's a newsflash. If they're doing this, if you're doing that all the time and you're not a millionaire funded trader, you're making hundreds of thousands of dollars a month, then you're just bullshitting. It's just that fucking simple.
If you're sitting there saying you do this all the time and this is just a normal 16R, 100R, then what are you doing? Are you not on a fucking cruise ship in Tahiti? Because if you can hit 16R in a funded account, that's $32,000. And there are people that make money. I'm not saying there's not, but not most of the people you see that are just posting hindsight recaps. And it's not healthy to kind of build those expectations. And it pisses me off when people do it because it's just trying to like...
get validation from people or sell them something, when in reality, it's going to hurt them more than it's going to help them. So to elaborate on that, you said, to simplify the question, not elaborate, do I take into consideration lower time fair value gaps that are not in a higher time frame fair value gap? I just now saw this. I guess I kind of answered that pretty...
Pretty directly, so I hope that help and if they need any other help like DM me or just blow it up here I think I covered it, but let me know if not and also good I've got it and hurt your feelings of the shit when it's just Like I promised like it's a nice little reaction here
But, yeah, it's just not the way to trade. Like, I cycle some alts, and I used to see some of these as kind of shit coins, and a lot of them don't really give me the opportunities I want. But, you know, when I say shit coin, I'm not saying every single alt coin, but, like, try to stick to stuff that's, like, somewhat relevant, has a decent size market cap. Like, this one's got to get taken off. Man, I actually need to go ahead and just do that.
How do I remove it? I can't remember. Oh, yeah. Duh. Brain fart. AXS, too, for right now. Yeah, AXS. I was looking at AXS, a lot of time frames, and I was like, dude, this looks like fucking, like, Uniswap. Actually, it doesn't look as bad today.
it's just like this kind of shit. I'm just like, like when they have this shelf of just like opens and closes, this is like literally reminds me of like a fucking, this is, I think it was over here. Maybe it was just this day. Cause yeah, I was looking at this and I was like, okay. It's like, there's not much I can do with that personally. We'll do a recap of file. When we took a trade on this, hit TP1 and then stopped at breakeven. Nice little crypto cook special. But,
You know, I'm actually curious because I haven't looked at this. I mean, on the one hour, the only possible thing I see it really reacting off of is this low. I'll be honest with you. I would not look for that in hindsight. There's going to be some guy who's going to say, oh, yeah, that makes sense. But maybe I don't know. I wouldn't be looking for that. So kind of this one, I think it's, you know, the reason I entered it.
We had a push into where I wanted us to. We swept the liquidity here. We went into this imbalance. We're in discount of a bullish range. Got equal highs above. And I think this had taken a daily low also with this one hour range. So it was a one hour confirmation of the daily range. Discount imbalance with liquidity sweep. Then we go to a five minute. I use a five minute to confirm one hour.
Got this move right here. Didn't really react off of the imbalance that we got an entry off of. Kind of consolidated through the night. Had a nice little pop with equities in the morning. And that's really all the reason this popped is because equities were flying. And then kind of just went to the next imbalance, which I moved the TP up to this 15-minute imbalance just because I was kind of like, I just don't trust crypto right now. And I know that's kind of, I'm not trying to say, oh, like, you know, shift your strategy.
because your emotions or anything but like i just i just know how crypto is trading right now and it's not really the greatest so i think that while money's there it's good to take some and de-risk because there's always another trade it's not like you know if this hit right here and went to i'm not going to care right because you got to preserve your capital and just trying to minimize again it's trying to min max you know we kind of chop away at it make a little bit of money mitigate your risk move on to the next one um because we took we did take uh
two losses. We took an ETH loss and an ADA loss last week. So coming back off that, it's good to kind of recoup a little bit. Don't just continuously let the market shit on you. Recapping this, I mean, I'll be 100% honest. If somebody can send me a TA on why this without going to a one-minute chart, there's probably some one-minute fucking imbalance here. Let's see. Oh, dude. Yep. Sell side was there.
That's what I was looking for. There would be somebody that would say some shit like that. To be honest, I guess when I'm looking at it...
The lesson to be learned would be maybe just to wait for Bitcoin. And again, like we were just at the beginning of it, but even with Bitcoin, it's like it kind of, it had a lot more imbalances here. So if I look at this, this, I can see this, this kind of makes sense. You know, again, because we're talking about probabilities, you know, if we come to this first imbalance, I think it was a 15 minute, we got that shift, but the probabilities aren't, you know, as sure fire as if we had filled this whole thing and tapped this order block. And so this would look a little better.
than up here. So this makes sense. So I guess really looking back at it, it's probably just the fact that Bitcoin had to still do its thing. And no matter what your TA is on any coin, if Bitcoin is not fulfilled its journey, your TA is really irrelevant. So I think that's kind of what it was reacting to going back in hindsight, going to that. It wasn't the first imbalance. It was the largest imbalance right here. And there's an order block. So it seems like that was
Overall the move Can't say I would have got an entry here. I wasn't watching this either so
Actually, no, look, it did come right back to it. It didn't come to the imbalance. So it came to a discount, but I would have looked for the first discount imbalance. I would have probably been a miss or here. That's kind of just the way it goes right now with crypto. It's really not trading very well, in my opinion. The moves it does give usually have really big stop losses and they're not really like I would have definitely missed this because, you know, I'm going to look for that imbalance right there and it might still get it. I shouldn't say I missed it because.
could definitely come back down here. It's engineering, some nice liquidity right there. I'm actually going to send an alert. I'm not going to be very active this weekend at all. I have a good friend that has a birthday, and we are going to get an Airbnb and going to a concert, kind of partying all weekend. So what I'm typing right here, just for those you want in, market maker, buy model, or SMR. But I would watch this zone right here.
For those of you who are looking to get involved in some weekend trades, you know, I don't really condone it, but I know a lot of people do it. Maybe it is preserved for me when I come back one day. That'd be nice. I think Bitcoin looks overall pretty good here. Again, we've been talking about this.
Imbalance for, I don't know how long now, a month, probably around a month. This is what I would like to see before coming down and taking these lows. Really, it's one or the other, but right now I'm leaning more towards this up here. So I have a letter set up there about that high because you sweep those highs. All these early shorts would get stopped out. Institutional orders would be filled and this imbalance probably go down for these relatively equal lows. So let's take a look at Euro.
Did it do what I wanted to? Oh, did it do it? Oh, nice. Wait, no. Is this the same imbalance? No, this is Tuesday. What is this euro that I... No, I'm going to eat. I'm fucking tripping. I was like, wait, what the fuck? This looks different. Okay, so it's here now. Well, actually, it kind of came down farther. No, it tapped. Did it tap it right here? That'd be funny. No, it didn't. I was watching it last night. I kind of had marked up a... I thought I had grouped it. I guess not.
It kind of went farther than I'd like. I mean, it's in this imbalance here, but it took the sell side. That was going to be the target for that. But nice reaction at this order block. Seems like it drew to that. Went right through it though. Actually, I shouldn't say nice reaction, my bad. I was kind of tripping it. Blasted the order block. So I wanted to come up to this imbalance. I tweeted about this last night. Oh, I did it. This is what I put.
Because it would look for market maker sell or smart money reversal here. But I will say that was what I wanted to see that happen before this sell side was taken. So potentially, maybe a sell opportunity here. It's Friday on Forex, so I really don't, I'm not a big fan of taking stuff this late on a Friday. Seems like we had a nice little power of three, but this is a good example of when one gets reversed. So we have this Asia high here.
It was actually really nice. Asia High was taken. Again, this is that accumulation, manipulation, distribution. This is beautiful, actually. This is really nice. There's a part of me that wants to start staying up to trade EU because it really moves nicely. But only during London. New York, it's not really the greatest. I'm not going to trade it over indices. This is beautiful.
this is really nice price action it's interesting how this didn't push into this imbalance up here that's kind of what i would have wanted but it went into this 15 minute imbalance then right around what time is this yeah perfect yeah made that london high right there and this is a good example of how power of three can reverse and we talked about this in the private class with the weekly power of three but it's the same for the daily open high low close formation as if we meet the target you know for instance if we meet a area of liquidity like we did right here
God, this is art. I fucking love shit like this. Even though I didn't take part in it, it still makes me happy. There's the plug for how I get the checks. I get a lot of people like, how do you put a check right there? But, um, yeah, and that's fucking beautiful. Did it hit the time balance though? Might have been big side. The second entry would have been the better one here. The second leg of distribution.
And we talked about this yesterday. So if you guys are wondering what I'm referring to you know, when we have these cell models, once we start to seek the cell side of the curve, like for instance, if you look at this
Let me do it like this so you can see it's a little clearer. Once we start to come up to our area where we think we're gonna reverse and we start to seek the sell side, you don't have to just, if you miss the first entry, if it doesn't provide one, it doesn't mean you just have missed the trade. But once you have built your framework and price is moving to the downside, you're able to, once you really understand price, you say, okay, here's the first leg. This is a smart money reversal. This is indicating that there were orders absorbed in this manipulation and now price is likely to reverse.
So if you missed that first leg, that's okay. You wait for price to push up again, induce more buyers in that second leg of distribution, which is, I don't know if I had my mouse over here, but right here, push down. And then you could look to just enter on this order box. If you don't have a fair value gap, there's literally nothing. You know, again, you can enter right at a premium, which would have been right here on this candle, or you could try to enter it over an order block. I probably would have entered at the premium just because.
Now you could use this as your stop loss. We know that that's totally fine because our target is quite far away here. I mean, it would be fine even if you were just targeting the consolidation loads that we made during the Asia session. Now, if you wanted to target the one hour sell side, leave a runner, that would have been a much higher return.
Beautiful. I mean, this is actually really nice. I'll probably make an infographic out of this just because this is a really good example of accumulation manipulation distribution. Now, price after it came off that low, I'm going to actually go ahead and group these. After we came off that low, it took the sell side, rapid expansion right off of it. So what happened here?
I'm going to look at this as a new range. I know it's kind of like, but to me, the daily is already pretty bearish. I'm actually going to hide. I'll just draw that later. So now we're operating in a new context.
And now that we look at it like this, price is up in this imbalance. It's probably something I'll watch moving into the next week. I'm going to move this a little bit. I like putting these to the side. I think it's easier sometimes to draw them the other way to show you guys. So what I see here is potential reversal up inside this area. No indication that's really clear yet. Again, it's Friday.
It seems like we're almost kind of engineering shorts that might get taken. Because again, we were talking about the daily.
And the daily might want to take these highs. We're talking about that, I think, Wednesday. It's relatively equal highs right there. We know smart money likes to take that kind of liquidity when it's that clean. So be on the lookout for that. But if the five minute does start to show clean signs of displacement here, you could at least get maybe an opportunity down to here. And again, this is just like we're talking about the one minute this morning. You know, I'm trading in a if I'm not trading, but if I am going to.
trade this i would go in the context that okay well yes we're in a bearish range yes we're in a premium but you know the target's going to be in a discount we just came on sell side liquidity the daily chart has equal highs not too far above kind of weird price action here so you know i would go to low hanging fruit let's say price gave a nice opportunity here who knows it might today i won't be taking if it does leaves a gap
You know, you could take a sell down to here if the risk to reward is ample. I'm just imagining that's where the gap would go. It might not be. So yeah, to me, that's like, it's really not worth it. So if it was like that, wouldn't be worth it. I might go to a one minute and see if I can get a better framework. If not, no harm lost or no harm done, no love lost. I'm not going to sit there and force something. But I'll watch, I'll mark it. You know what I mean? And just see, okay, how does it play out?
Oh, so there's a big lag. I kind of think there's a lag between the comments because I'm on StreamYard. I might end up switching to another service because sometimes I'll see like a big lag. I mean, it says at 11.22, you said this one, but I'm just not seeing it. I might just be lagging.
And yeah, Mikey, mad traders are getting chopped in crypto. Crypto is just, I'm just being honest with you guys, it's not the way right now. I won't sit here and tell you that there's a bunch of tons of opportunities. I think that it's starting to cook up. And I think that's what these ranges are designed to do, are designed to burn out traders. And crypto is kind of like...
I think market manipulators know that most new traders are trading crypto. So it's like really easy, easy just manipulation for them. It's not hard to force people to sit there and trade crypto and lose all their money. People love doing that.
And look at Q&T. This has been on fucking go mode lately. And they put perps on it. So I'm going to start watching this. Front ran this imbalance right here. I like this setup a lot. If it can come down here and give a five minute confirmation. This is the daily range for those of you who are wondering. Monthly imbalance just above this wick. We might not go for it here. We could come down to a deeper discount.
I would look to, it's been a really strong coin. So if the market is showing signs of strength and this is, then I'd look to get long somewhere in here. If the five minute gives a nice confirmation. Again, don't force anything. The framework for this daily are actually, where is it? What was this? Was it a four hour? I think I refined, I find this from some timeframe. Maybe it was a weekly.
Oh no, it was a daily. I just went out, we were drawing weird. So daily fair value gap, price dug a little deeper, which is okay. The market was kind of moving. There's also liquidity resting under this low. So we went into the daily fair value gap, swept this low, swept that low as well. And then we got that nice rally causing a shift in structure, leaving a fair value gap in discount.
So also now some relatively equal lows here. So there's gonna be early long stops resting under that. Depending on when this unfolds, I'll try to give you guys in the server a signal on it. If it is, you know, on Monday, I'm not gonna trade over the weekend. But I'd probably swing all the way to here. I'd trip pretty aggressively, like around here, and leave a runner up to there. Just because P-U-N-T is, I mean, like bull run mode.
One thing I did, I tweeted about this yesterday, it seems like I might have been wrong on it, was YM. So I looked at YM, and if you look here, that high or high, and neither of the other two indices are making that. So that's bearish SMT divergence. Now, whether or not that plays out or not, we'll see. But I looked at it like, okay, well, bearish SMT divergence with a market structure shift.
And then we kind of had that second leg down, came up and we took that high. And this is the Dow. So I don't really trade Dow. It's more supply and demand, it seems like. But I still noticed that. And I wanted us to come down potentially and see some really hard manipulation, which maybe I was reaching a little too hard. Because the reason I wanted us to come down here, because I know a lot of you are like, well, that's the range. Why would we target that? Only reason is because if we look at this last range.
you never came to a discount. We've got this massive order block right there at equilibrium, right under sell side liquidity. Realize it might still play out, but so bullish order block sitting right under that sell side liquidity in an old range that was inefficient, meaning that it never moved back to a discount. And we have that daily SMT divergence. I don't trade the Dow. So I'm just, this is kind of just TA. Seems like it might even take the equal highs first.
But I could see a massive move down. And I know a lot of like, like Caterpillar has earnings next week. I know a lot of really major companies have earnings next week. So we could see some manipulation in this region still. I mean, I wanted it beforehand. I was kind of like worried that it was going to cause equities to dump today. But as soon as I saw that morning price action, I was like, no, this looks good. So, but I might've been wrong and I did tweet about it. So I'm just, it's front running just a form of it. Yeah, it's just a deuce, man. It's just another word.
The XY. We move back down to this imbalance. Oh, we took the high. Never mind. Okay. Well, it did what I thought I was going to do.
Well, I haven't even looked at DXY. I just took that trade from fucking the S&P in bed and then I looked around much. So it took this high. Now we've came back down into this imbalance. I kind of wanted this to happen first before we took that high. But be mindful of this because, again, when we're looking at DXY, we had price come down.
So here's our original kind of impulse wing right there. After you want to mark it a little bit more liberal, you could mark this. This is a weekly order block, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah. So he came down and filled the remainder of this imbalance. Kind of odd price section there. I mean, this is a tiny amount. At the end of the day, it's an imbalance. So he came down and reacted off that. Moved up pretty rapidly, leaving another imbalance.
So we're obviously, you know, DXY has been pretty bullish lately. A lot of earnings on stocks this week. So a lot of manipulation, we saw that complex pullback. But overall, if we're looking at the daily, you know, we have came to a discount. We have mitigated some of this imbalance. Now I will say, you know, you guys are like, what are you talking about? There's equal lows, which there is. That's if we mark the range this way. But when I really look at the...
Impulse, it's right there. But I guess the daily range would be this. So we have these equal, so the possibility we could come down. We also got them here. So a lot of liquidity down here with that weekly order block. So I could see a push down, but just be mindful of us trading on this order block. Doesn't always seem like it's giving signs it wants to go up just yet. But if you see the five minutes start to shift very abruptly, which it's not yet, but if you see that, be kind of weary on longs.
But if we fail here, we might see some relief for bulls.
So Wes asked, the SMT divergence is bearish for YM or ESNQ? So in my experience, it's usually for all of them, but the better opportunity, like for instance, if you were looking to use it as a confluence to enter, you would want to enter a YM. Because the whole idea behind SMT divergence is if a benchmark asset and then an underlying asset or assets that correlate aren't moving.
in a proper manner then one of them is being manipulated and the one that is exhibiting the divergence is going to be you know where the manipulation is occurring and you know we want to get involved with manipulation somebody has a gu let's see nice pa lately they ran all equated decents in history so hopefully it starts to see some i mean it was dying there for a little bit um
Nice little move on this order buck, this imbalance right there. Looked at this other day, got somewhat of a reaction on this zone, kind of came down a little deeper before moving up. So I'm looking at this zone. Nice reaction off that order buck though. And you could look at the range like this all the way down to here, or here, I'm sorry. It's probably a little bit clearer on like a four hour. No, I'd still leave on the one hour.
I wouldn't, maybe, I don't know, maybe you like, I don't really like this PA, to be honest, just because of how choppy the one hour is, how volatile it is. There's a lot of stuff going on with, like, the new PM just resigned. But nice reaction off this order block right here. This might go up and take these highs. This looks a lot better than EU, as far as for longs. I don't know, actually. I mean, EU, more allocated. Like I was saying, these equal highs could be pretty enticing.
And with DXY, if it starts to fail, that's going to be huge. It looks like it wants to go right now. Yeah, nice reaction, though, off this order block and this imbalance down here. The lower time frame just looks nice, though. I will say that. Looks like it came right back down to a... Notice how I put my fib right here and not right there. Now, it wouldn't have mattered, I guess, but this is the impulse move to me. We didn't move very rapidly off this. We did move very rapidly off that.
So this is an example, LM, of when I might refine or try to refine an order block. Or not an order block, I'm sorry, an imbalance. So there's nothing. So here you go.
There you go. That's that's a good example of that. So you see that five minute is very large You know, you could just enter at a discount But if you really wanted to refine you go down to a three minute maybe a one minute and say okay boom Look at that and like that's where you're acting off of so I hope that helped that that was a good example of I think what you were asking The lower time frame PA here looks pretty clean. Oh, we'll say that Nice reaction office order block could use that one minute confirmation
Should have just went to the races and really you could have the five or I'm sorry That was a five-minute confirmation. That's what I refined. You really could have tried to use a one-minute here I don't know if it came down to your imbalance or not. Yeah, it did tipped it If you put a limit right at the top and this is why I like using imbalances a lot of the time I used to use a lot more order box, but Let's use the whole sell buy to sell or I'm sorry sell to buy range there. You would have got left in the dirt
There's some stops right there. Very beautiful trade right there. Was that during the kill zone? Yeah, New York kill zone. Yeah, it's nice. This is nice price action. I will say that. Oh, wow. This whole time. I'm sorry, bro. Fuck. You said you're OG. Wow. I'm an idiot. He said you're a GBP. I've been just sitting here ranting about fucking my bad, bro.
Alright, let's look at this. We talked about this a little bit. I guess I've looked at this a long time ago because this is like some old TA, but I thought we just talked about this the other day. It's not. Still some equal highs there, though, on the weekly. The overall weekly draw would look at this. So I'd see more downside to this overall, like, next week.
Daily range is pretty similar to the weekly range. If we go down and look maybe like these, this can be probably a one hour range for this daily order block right here. We're reacting off of today. Also, if you look at the one hour range, we have that daily order block. Now we can find this into a one hour range. We took some liquidity here.
Yeah, there is still an imbalance here, but we are showing a desire. It looks like right now to move down. So what I would look for here is this to form an imbalance. I mean, this is kind of wick down here. So I'd look for a big candle to potentially form an imbalance. Maybe refine it to a 15 minute if you can't. I think the 15 minute might have actually already given an entry, right? Like just a second ago.
The 15-minute you would have said I would have been like that's a shift in structure. Damn, bro. I probably fucked us up. We could have just saw this live. We look at the wrong coin or not coin. Fuck my crypto mentality. Here's a good example of a three-drive, guys. So look, 15-minute three-drive into our higher time frame POI, which we could say was our one-hour area of liquidity or the daily order block.
This doesn't look bad for sure right now. I'm not going to take this because it's the Friday, but it does not look bad if it comes back up to a premium there, in my opinion. Yeah, sorry about that, Harold. Also, if you make graphics, if you want, send me some of your work. I actually need a graphic designer. I might. I do it myself for the most part right now.
Yeah, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I just realized what time it is. I'm going to get off here, get some coffee and get ready for the weekend. I encourage you all to get off some charts this weekend. If you want to study, that's cool, but don't try to trade crypto all weekend. It's not going to be good for you. I mean, who knows? It might be, but I don't mean to be that FOMO demon devil's advocate, but I think it's really healthy to have a balance of real life and trading, because especially when you're learning, like I know when I learned that this shit, I was a zombie. That's all I fucking did was trade.
literally or try to learn. I mean, I was a zombie, so I understand the motivation, the ambition to want to do really good. But just keep in mind that you do need balance and it's important to, you're only going to be as good of a trader as you are of a person.
And I'm not saying trading makes you a bad person, but when I mean good and bad, I mean like efficiency. Like if you are trading 24-7, your mental health probably isn't as good as if you were taking some time to exercise, to read, journal, meditate. All those things are going to translate into your trading. And that's something that I've learned along the way is that it's more to it than just trading. Whenever you're trying to trade as a lifestyle, as a job, if you want to be at your best, you need to allow yourself to be at your best.
But on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I really appreciate you all coming through. I'm going to post a short here in a second as soon as this video is over. And if you could like the video, comment on it, subscribe if you're not already. It really helps me out a lot. And if you want to start a free trial to the Discord, all that info is in the description. But I will see you guys later. Peace.
