What's good? Everybody's second to get in here. What's good? Everybody's second to get in here. What's good? Everybody's second to get in here. Oh, I do know. I was on the discord too. Yeah. So we took a loss this morning on ES. I think it was over here somewhere in this region. Yeah, it was right there. So I looked at the, um, the high.
it was this high right here getting yeah it was this high that high after lunch i was assuming there might be some trailing stop losses there from cells here and then also the late cells that got in here um looking back though i will say i kind of fudged that one because looking at the um
I was looking past midnight, but the power of three was kind of clear this morning. So that's my bad. I kind of noticed this afterwards. But not really too big of a deal since we made such good money on ES yesterday. But still, looking back, I'm kind of... Well, I mean, I guess, to be honest, the power of three, I would have looked for it to go to this high. But...
You know, no big deal. Part of the game. But just wanted to recap that that was the overall flaw there. Because, you know, if you look at the entry model, I would sell this 10 times over just looking at this. But, you know, it was funny. Our TP1 was literally a dollar off from hitting. But we got lots and it is what it is. I did want to recap and show you guys that. I put on Twitter, but I think transparency is pretty key.
What I'm watching for right now is if SPY or ES wants to move down from here, maybe retrace some of this move or move down farther. I think that right here is really the last kind of point of defense for bears, so to speak, because we have this order block on the one hour where we know there was some institutional involvement because there was SMT divergence that occurred at that time. We also have some SMT. Actually, no.
NQ came up a little bit. Now,
I'm not going to force anything because even though we did take a we had a 10 arc trade. I know we recapped it in the stream yesterday, but it hadn't hit the full target. Let's see where that was a losing one. So we sniped the fuck out of that super nice trade. But, you know, just because we hit that doesn't mean we want to get reckless. You know, it's OK to take a little loss and it's part of the game. But, you know, we want to preserve those games as much as we possibly can.
So, I won't force something unless I see something I really like. Specifically, what I would like to see is, ideally, it would be nice if we would kind of just consolidate and preserve these equal highs for after lunchtime. We actually, let me see if the high is here, and this candle is 835.
A325. Yeah, so we didn't take that. It would be nice if we could preserve that, maybe kind of consolidate here and just form some liquidity on both sides of the market. And then if we could take that and get our usual sell model, that's something that I would take. Or if we get a nice, really fat displacement here, and then I'd probably layer out the one minute just because of these equal highs. But overall, I think that using the measured move of this liquidity rate, we look at a five minute, you know, the real displacement range is this right here.
and um if we're looking at that as the push the manipulation push into a poi or any any you know kind of raid or any just return to mitigate anything we can use this measured move to kind of see any if there's any liquidity down there and we have a nice set of equal lows one second
Yeah, so kind of weird here. Look at NQ, YM, possible SMT here with YM. I just, I'm not, I don't really touch YM anyways. I do like to watch it, especially when we're doing this right here. I think it's pretty clear we're going for this high.
This order block might be of some value up here. I set an alert for that too, just to stay on it. Because I might swing some YM cells if we get what I would like. It's far off from saying that. But I think either above this high and at this order block, I think there's a high potential for some kind of, at least somewhat of a reversal there. But the Dow has been on straight just crack recently.
So, you know, don't definitely want to force anything there and, you know, kind of get a short early. The reason I'm even saying this is because somebody's texting me about the Dow right now. It's weird. But the reason I was even bringing it up is because we have this SMT. We have the higher high, both the other instruments we do not. And that's not really confirmed yet. I mean, this looks like a nice little liquidity rate to me. Oops, what did I just do?
Just exited something. Okay, it wasn't stream. Okay, so good. I thought I just cut the stream
That doesn't really look like a displacement bracket structure. Just like earlier before you're in the stock chat and play a bit and I was saying we came down to this low and this wasn't really displacement to me. So if I had to stress one thing about confirmations enough is displacement. If you want to have a higher strike rate and higher confidence in your trade, just using every single change of character or
change in any kind of structure is not going to yield as consistent results as maybe you're waiting for that clear cut. There's something going on here. And I don't necessarily require closures because I do see sometimes we'll have a wick, you know, it'll be a big push up and then it'll barely pip it and the candle will close right below the wick. That's still enough for me. But in this example, you have 20 points on the S&P and
I'm sorry, eight points, not 20, eight points in 20 minutes. That's not much to me. That's nothing out of the ordinary. That's actually pretty stagnant. So, you know, we look at that as right on these stops up here. So price came down into the imbalance and obviously we see what happened there. So no sign of moving down just yet. There's no reason short it just yet. We just have a framework. So very key element to.
success in trading over time is you develop your narrative and you develop your framework, and then you kind of wait for your entry models to appear in those areas. Because let's just say we have a set of price action where we have this big down move and we've created this range, right?
And in that range, we have a lot of POIs that we could trade off of. And we know that we use premium and discount to determine which POIs are the most valuable. So let's just say we have an order block here, maybe a little imbalance right here. And then we've got all these highs right here. They're not necessarily perfectly equal, but we know there's going to be a lot of stops resting above that area. So as price comes up,
you know, starts to show us that desire to go up by giving us a shift in market structure. That's your signal. That's the market telling you like we're going up. Now, where are we going up? Well, likely to go all the way up here. Now, something else that I have tried to stress recently is if you're a day trader, and let's just say this is the daily chart.
And you're looking at price in the sense that, where are we going on the daily chart? Do I think we are going to reverse back up? Well, yes, because we have a market structure shift. This is the same thing we use in the lower timeframes to give us an entry on it. But once we see that on the daily, and you can be more aggressive than just waiting for the daily shift. But once you see it on the daily, that's the market showing you its hand, so to speak. It's showing you that price is going to go higher.
we have three potential points where we can reverse.
And another thing I want you to keep in mind, let's just say this was our old range. This is three points where we think we're going to reverse. So we might reverse here. We might reverse here. We might reverse here. But remember, we don't know anything. I actually saw something that ICT was tweeting about this morning. I know what he's trying to allude to. He said people that say that they don't know what's going to happen. Something basically like that's not a good thing, which I get what he's trying to say, but I don't think that.
Most people understand the message. No one knows. ICT doesn't know. There's been days ICT has been wrong. It's just like we're all human, right? So don't think you have to be right. Just because this is a daily range that's bearish, that there is some law said that we cannot go above this. I mean, every trend comes to an end, just like the bull market came to an end. It's foolish to say that we know for a fact that a range.
is not going to get broken or that a POI is not going to be invalidated or anything because anything can happen in trading. It's all about probability. And while we have setups that we might look at each other and say like, okay, we know though. We know the S&P is not going to all-time highs. I'm probably going to agree with you. But technically, no one knows anything is my point. But the same goes for POIs inside the range. So we only have a framework here.
to have a bearish narrative above this midpoint, which is in a premium. So let's say we're day traders and this has happened. We have our first break of structure, our second break of structure, and we have a fair value gap here. So we'll zoom in just a little bit. So we'll say price action is giving us this kind of move here. It's formed a swing high. There's a candle here that has a higher high than the candle on either side of it.
So that's telling us that potentially the market is wanting to go down. Now, why would it go down? Because we're looking for it to go up, right? Now, if you're a swing trader and you maybe got in a trade here, this is nothing of interest to you.
You don't care at all. But whenever we're looking at day trading, if we form a swing high and we can look at price in a little bit more of a fractal manner and say, okay, here's our impulse move. Now, what is that impulse move going to be? It's likely to be a one hour swing range, just like we have here in this model that we've drawn. So for instance, this little move right here could be
a one hour swing. Get this a little bit prettier for you. So that little, this little range right here, the red and blue can be this on a one hour. So let's just say on the one hour, you know, if this has happened, we're forming a daily swing high. Well, most likely what happened on the one hour was something like this.
that same market structure shift that we got right here. So that's telling us when we're looking at a range, just like we look at this range and we have a shift to the upside, that's telling us the price wants to move to a premium. So whenever we're looking at things from a big picture standpoint, like the daily range,
We're going to see a lot of retracements, a lot of price action in both ways before we hit these targets. Sometimes you might not. Sometimes you might just go straight for them. But we use price action and market structure to tell us when we're likely to maybe pull back. Because just like we look for this price range and we look to move to a premium because it's a bearish range and there's POIs and liquidity in a premium, we're going to look for this range to do the same thing, but to a discount.
So what does that mean here? If we get this and we're bullish overall, that means that we can definitely get a push down, right? So you could come into the market and have an overall bullish outlook, but maybe for that day, have a bearish bias. This is what happened yesterday.
That's why we sold yesterday. We had a volume imbalance we needed to push to, and that was our target. We hit it, and then it was off to the races. Why? Because price is still bullish. Now, let's just fast forward this a little bit. And for time's sake, I'm not going to draw every little bit of price action out, but I did want to give that example. Actually, I'll just hide this for now so we have a little bit of a cleaner slate to work off of. So let's say price goes up into this POI.
Now we're in the area where we have a framework to look for sales. Yes. We have an idea that we're going to sell off here because everything's bearish. The market's completely bearish. A fucking fool can tell you that, right? That's the thought process there. So this is the biggest order block. It caused a massive dump. It's most recent. We're going to sell off from here. So this is what everybody wants to see.
Right? Because that's what you kind of, whenever you're learning SMC and you learn it in a textbook manner, that's kind of like the MO is just to short bearish POIs and a premium. But having the POI and having the range and understanding the market's bearish, that is literally almost less than half of it. So just like we're looking here at price, I didn't even draw this right. Just like we're looking here.
at price you know we can look at each one of these impulse moves let's just zoom in to our next time frame so for me which is a one hour if i'm day trading or even if i'm looking to swing trade i'm going to use a one hour to confirm something or maybe a four hour all right
So in this range here, we'll say that the one hour is still bullish, just like we had that little price range there. So what are we going to wait for for us to tell us that, first of all, the market even wants to come to a discount? Because like we said, anything can happen, right? The market can just rail up. The market can just do whatever. You never fucking know, right? You literally never know. So how do we heighten our chances of success? We wait for that swing high to form. Now, what is that swing high forming? Remember,
That swing high forming is a market structure shift on a lower timeframe. So how can we confirm this higher timeframe POI with this exact kind of price action?
You need that shift on at least a one hour or more if you're trying to swing a trade. But for any kind of frame or trade setup to be a relevant, logical, valid setup, you need market structure to confirm it. Because with just POIs and other internal liquidity, this is a crapshoot. It's literally just throwing shit at the wall and hoping it sticks. That's 100% what that is.
That's like the same as if you just traded one timeframe and traded every POI. You're going to win sometimes, but you're not going to be very consistent and you're not going to probably be profitable because not every single POI is going to get traded from.
We have to understand that we're using price action to try and visualize institutional order flow without being able to understand the reasoning behind it. And that's why we all will sit and kind of gather around the campfire and say, well, you know, this is the move up to liquidate early shorts and a push down. And I do that. There's nothing wrong with doing that. But let's be real. We don't fucking know. Even if you're right, you don't know that that was the true purpose of it. You have no idea. Right. That's why, you know, we're able to use candles and use price.
to kind of get an inside scoop, so to speak, or what we think may be an inside scoop on what the market maker's intentions are, but we never know for sure. So in this example, let's just say you even get a market structure shift, right? So let's say price gives you that high and it goes down.
And it comes into this discount pricing. Now we know that there is a higher probability that this will fail because we're operating from a premium on the daily chart, but you also have to say, okay, well, you know, if I'm in a cell, let's just say you, you sold from this confirmation and you got in, I don't know, somewhere up here. I'm going to hide this again for right now.
So let's just say you're doing this, and this is what all the SMC courses will teach you, and you're going to hold shit, or you're not going to trim shit, and you're holding it all the way down. Well, that's super foolish, because the one hour is still bullish. You haven't even gotten a shift on the daily. Just like we have down here, that's like trying to long every bottom and everything right here, because at one point, this could have been the bottom.
This could also be in the bottom, but what happens? It keeps getting manipulated, and how do you know, or at least think you know, whenever the market is truly showing its hand? Displacement and shifts of structure. Have we got that yet? No.
So until that point, you have no reason to believe that this POI is going to be the POI that takes us down to the lows. Now, you can maybe frame a trade and trim along the way. You might add some TPs here and here, and it can be a really good trade. And maybe you just decide to take that as your full trade.
It'd probably be higher RR if you'd refined it. But the point I'm trying to make here is just because we have a POI doesn't mean that we're going to have any reaction from it. And just because we have a reaction from it on top of that doesn't mean it's going to be the reaction of all reactions and take us down to the weak low. Because that's the narrative that a lot of this SMC, a lot of courses will teach you is just POI and premium, we're going to the weak low. And it's not always that simple because
You have to look at it as, you know, this is a dirty range. It needs to be cleaned up. There is a lot of liquidity that is inside this range that is just left behind. So market makers look at all this as an opportunity. Or they may need to push price back up to mitigate. So whenever we look at this, this first PO, and we have two above it, you know, you're kind of like, it's the riskier one to say that we're going to go all the way down to the bottom. Because let's just say price does come down and it gives you your break right here.
but it doesn't really give you any displacement. And what happens? It rockets back up. Now, what is everybody going to say? They're going to say, oh, it's fine. We're just mitigating fair value gap. We're just coming up to mitigate.
And then it does this number. And everyone's like, what the fuck? Fuck this shit. Well, all it's doing is it's just the normal course of price. And we have to understand that there's a probability of that happening whenever you're taking that first POI, even with a shift. So much less without a shift. So what you're doing when you go through these steps and go through your trade plan is you're just layering on probability on top of probability to build confidence in your trade and also try to put yourself in a good business deal, so to speak.
You know, you want to dot your I's and cross your T's. And if you don't, you're going to have not as consistent results, you know, because, you know, let's just say here's this POI out here. If I consult it here and then go up immediately, there may be no opportunity, right? Anything can happen. So we just have to try to put ourselves in the highest probability situation. So now let's say over here.
Price comes up and it gives us, you know, daily consolidates and gives this number. Now, this is where it's logical to look for price action going down to the sell side liquidity at the bottom of the range. Won't even let me scroll over anymore to the right.
That is where now you have a bearish bias just throughout. You're not going to stop here. You're not going to stop here. You're not going to stop in this fair value gap or this low or this low. You're going all the way down here. Now, if you're in a trade from all the way up here, you should definitely trim before then, but your bias won't shift until then because the daily has cleaned up all the internal liquidity and has switched bearish in a premium and there's nothing left. There's no reason to go up.
And then on top of that, you never know anything can happen. It can still just go up. But the probability of that happening is much lower than had you traded from down here. So the way I like to do it, or the way that I think is, you know, if I'm taking a POI like this, I'm going to take profits heavily early on. Probably most all of everything. Like, okay, for instance, let's look at ES right now.
Oh, it's moving. Yeah, it's going to take these highs. But let's look at the trade we took yesterday. Where is it? Wait, did I delete it? Or is it just not showing up? Hold on. I didn't think I deleted it, but I guess I might have.
No, I didn't. So when I took this trade yesterday, were we at a daily premium? Did everyone want the stock market just to be done with? Yeah, we were. Had we taken out this liquidity and hit this fair value gap that I told everybody we're drawing to? Yeah. But does that mean I'm going to sit here and I'm going to try to short it all the way down to here? Fuck no. Because there's tons of other stuff that could pull us back up. We could go all the way to this fair value gap. We could even take that. You never know, right?
Why did I take it where we did was because just like that example I gave so we're talking about This example like something like this where we just come down to the Discount of that impulse move. We're looking at price in a fractal manner or like right here You were coming down to discount of that one hour move Look at this that fractal that big push right there
I just look at impulse moves. What do we have right at equilibrium? That daily volume imbalance. So there's a high probability that we hit that and we go up higher because there's massive fucking gaps to be filled in the market. There's no reason for me, in my opinion, to try to sell all the way down to here. Because imagine if you had this kind of trade and that kind of money and you just didn't do anything because you saw the 40R and you remember watching the fucking photon courts and you're going to get 40R because you shorted the POI and you did everything you're supposed to do.
And then you're just sitting there with your dick in your hand wondering what the fuck happened. And that's what happens to a ton of people whenever they're trying to to try to layer so many time frames together. Yeah, that's what I was saying. There's really no no good short on ES. So what I would look for now is probably more up movement, to be honest, because.
At this point, I'll go ahead and tell you ES is going for that high. And the reason I say that is this was like the last point of defense in this range. We're going to consider this a range. And this is a great example of how any range can get violated. We have these equal highs here, the entry we had yesterday in an order block. Now, if we move above the mean threshold of that order block, that tells me that we're going to take the high.
Maybe there's a 15-minute water block that never got tapped and it could reverse. I don't know. I would probably look for the high. I might not even trade anymore today because, again, this week's been really good. There's no reason to just sit there and force it, especially when it's like this. I could see this taken. The only way I would really trade is if I saw a very clear reversal above this high or a consolidation with a lick rate into an imbalance. That's just really it.
I'd probably want to focus on NQ. And then this is probably what's going to bring the rest of the market up. Apple, what's Apple doing? Yeah. Apple quick move down. This is probably going to end up a bullish order block right here. As soon as it's traded through, it will be. But I think Apple is drawing towards this 158.74 overall. And this is the same logic again that we were just using for this buy one hour. I'm going to use this.
uh candle right there if we get past that mean threshold which we had earlier you know that tells me we're going to draw the next point of liquidity and that's just been going up the daily chart i think 158.74 is probably the next stop there and that will bring a nasdaq up so i'd probably focus on the nasdaq this morning or this afternoon if anything and um i want to point out something this morning uh there's very nice um uh what's this so um
it's actually pretty nice here yeah i think the overall draw is going to be this imbalance right here
and then move into that order block right there and then kind of revisit because that's where the order flow really is coming in. If we look, you know, we had that bearish order block there, another bearish order block created right inside of it and an imbalance right there. So there's a lot of confluence at this level, which is 11.556 to 11.606. So if any shorts were to be a thing, which I, you know, to be honest, looking at the daily and Haas pointed this out to me, these highs look pretty appealing right here. And also we made a lower low here.
on NQ and ES did not, not even close. So that would tell me that, you know, also we had earnings on Amazon yesterday, which were bad, which sent the market down causing this. Then we had good earnings on the larger company, which is Apple. So Apple is larger than Amazon, right? I think I'm pretty sure it is. Almost positive it is. But that would be a class A manipulation.
Type type do my bad. I'm trying to read these at the same time But yeah, so overall I think NOS is drawing to this So if this isn't met would be an ideal Kind of one of my favorite setups that for the afternoon is when we have a clear drawn liquidity. We talked about this in the private class It was like two maybe three Weeks ago, but whenever we have a show me see something really quick
I'm going to mark this up for later. And the reason I'm marking this is it is the first imbalance in a discount of the displacement swing that took structure and gave us our shift right there. So that's going to be a key point if we don't hit this draw on liquidity. So let's just say we kind of get a consolidation here and then a push down into this area or really anywhere in this region. And then we get the one minute showing us desire to go higher.
then I would look to long to the draw on liquidity. So we'll see how that plays out. Again, that's kind of just painting a picture for what could happen. But actually, the more I draw it too, to be honest, because I would really consider all of this, the displacement, there's really not much of a consolidation there. And the five minutes is going to be very clear.
So really anywhere under this low right here. So if we were to consolidate here or really anywhere without hitting this, we would have liquidity and a discount with an imbalance front running it. Five minutes, yeah, five minutes, a little clearer there. So we'll see how that plays out. That could be something nice. Now, what will invalidate that is if this is hit before then, which there's a very good chance that will happen. And if that happens, that's totally fine. No chasing it.
This is a good example of kind of using the lower timeframes as like a staircase to your drawing liquidity. So for instance,
Let's just say we've established our draw on liquidity. Is this imbalance? Probably this order block, but we're going to go with this imbalance. So if that's the case, then you can use the lower timeframes as a staircase up to that range. Now, you're not always going to get an entry. Like, for instance, here, we didn't come back down to a discount, right? Because smart money's already got involved. They don't need to continuously...
They're not offloading positions here, right? So we're not going to see a retracement to discount. We're not going to see mitigation of this. That all happened with the news this morning. And we'll go over that in a second. That entry kind of sucks that I wasn't watching that because it was clear as fuck. But.
You can use the lower timeframes, like each displacement swing, you know, has potential opportunities. So it's like, okay, if you miss that one, you know, well then we can watch this one and we could say, okay, well, you know, if we hadn't moved up without kind of leaving us behind, you could have watched this fair value gap.
Now, if we move up and start making another displacement, then it's kind of, you can't really watch that anymore. You got to move to the next one and just continuously try to wait for a retracement back into a discount, into a price delivery array. And then you can go maybe to a one minute or whatever timeframe you're using this lower and structure and entry around that. So it's all about understanding the draw on liquidity. Like for instance, this morning, I took a loss on the S&P because I wasn't correct on where I thought we were drawing to.
The entry model was fine. You know, a lot of people be like, oh, well, it gave market structure shift. You know, first of all, even if we know the drawn liquidity, there's no surefire 100% way to trade something. But even when we get this, I mean, I think everybody can agree that's an entry model. But I took it in the wrong context. So I paid for it, got stopped out. And that was simply because I had a misproper or mis...
uh misjudged where price was leading towards you know i was looking at like okay this could be the am session liquidity rate into this high and it just wasn't right now when i look back and say okay well you know looking at the nasdaq we had a uh pretty clear bullish divergence that we spoke about a second ago and it was nowhere near really where we wanted to be
So looking at that, also looking at the pre-market price action, you know, could have avoided it. It's okay. But that's what you got to do is you got to learn from those kind of mistakes, you know, and that's part of it. Yeah, I really don't think that... Let me group these. I really don't think that this gap is out of the picture or out of the question, I should say.
I think that's pretty likely. And that's going to bring the rest of the market up pretty higher too. Now I don't know about NASDAQ going that high. Now that would be pretty crazy, but I wouldn't even be surprised. Now if NASDAQ gets that high, I would almost look for the ES to make a new high like the Dow is about to do. Oh, it's literally about to do it right now. Like right now, right now. Yeah, Dow I think is drawing up towards 33.050 is going to be the next target.
I mean really you could I guess make it a little bit lower just to be honest because this is really where the order block starts so to speak so anywhere in this whole little buy-to-sell range would be a Potential reversal. We'll see how that goes Yeah, there's a good chance. It'll just get hit. We'll see Dow is pumping Dow bears big mud Yeah, there it is
Just going to send CRV for us. It's been moving pretty nice today. Yeah, if everything moves up too, like I was saying, crypto hasn't really given anything. I was talking about this earlier, how I didn't like that in stock chat. But I mean, and this is a great example. Look, so, okay, we got the shift that I was looking for, right? Let me make these not alarms because I don't want to have this little, what's it called? There we go. So we got the shift.
But then what? Price comes up to it, does not give us what we want. So there's no trade there. Just because I have that idea, just because we're in this daily fair value gap that we've BPR now, that doesn't mean that it's going to reverse here. There's no sure shot that's going to happen. We can move it to here. There's a lot more room you could go up. And on top of that, who knows? You could go even higher. You really don't know. So the way that we...
confirm and gain confidence in that bias as we wait for our lower timeframes to agree with the higher timeframes.
Because it's a synergistic process entering a trade. You can't just have a POI and say that we're going to... Because, I mean, yeah, if you look back in hindsight, you're going to say, okay, well, we react up this fair value gap and this fair value gap. But, you know, that's not always how it works. You know, everything's in context. There's a reason that things work. For instance, let's look at this fair value gap. How did this one work out?
It didn't fucking even matter. So just because there's a gap or an order block or a breaker block or mitigation or propulsion block, any of that shit, it doesn't matter. It literally doesn't matter. Because now Bitcoin is shifting more to the upside. It had that shift up to come into this. Now it's just pushing more to the upside with the stock market. So, you know, there is no reason to look for. This is going to be a draw on liquidity here.
This is the draw and it's important to kind of be able to identify these levels. How do I just move it from here? I like MQ better. So we'll watch for that. Hopefully I'd like to see maybe a low front run it and then get rated. That would be ideal. Also, I haven't looked at any of the comments on YouTube. I'm sorry, let me look now.
Like ES is front running in Q today. Yeah, seem like it for sure. What's up, Bartos? Do I ever take the same trade on both? No, don't do that. I mean, it can work out really good for you, but I think that's just like, it's just gamble. The desire to do that is normal, but doing it is kind of like succumbing to like your D-Gen, your inner D-Gen, you know? There's no reason to do it. I mean, you can make plenty off one trade.
And we have SMT divergence all the time where, you know, you might get stopped on one and yet the other one might win, but then you just kind of like broke even or, you know, not broke even, you probably still won, but kind of just, you know, took a loss just because you wanted to degen.
amazing bear trap on the 30s back to us 30 giga dump soon i mean no reason to look for a dump still at this point i mean well i should say there's a reason to look for potential but there's no reason to short this so okay for instance right now you know this would have to do it would literally have to break this with displacement just fucking solid ass dump through this low leaving a massive fair value gap and then what it would have to do would be to come back up
and do the same thing in the lower timeframes. And then however many times you layer that is up to you, but I recommend one to two times minimum. So again, we got to have structure telling us that our POIs are good before we kind of just go off on a tangent with them. Because if not, you're just really, you're doing half the work, so to speak.
Yeah, that's the thing with like the floor traders. I was actually reading or not reading, listening to a podcast recently about how people think, like I know a lot of us think that there is no one person or no one entity that can control certain things. And it's definitely harder to unlike the S&P, but there definitely are floor traders out there that can cause events to happen. And not as much with like the S&P because it's such a high market cap. And that's why I like trading it. But like, for instance,
You take like altcoins or something, you know, your fair value gap can get fucked real fast if SBF, you know, and Alameda wants to just dump the market. You know, that's why there's going to be less probability in certain markets because you have more manual manipulation in lower cap markets because there's the ability to do that. Anywhere there's going to be an opportunity to someone to profit, they're going to do it. Somebody's going to figure it out.
Yeah, there you go. This aged well, Yosef. He said the shorts were stacking and Bitcoin was going to take the high, and that's exactly what it did. So external lick is a range high or a low. Yes. External, yeah, yeah, he's answering that. What's up, Bjorn? As I said, I'm expecting some reversal on the PM session. Potentially, I mean, I don't see it yet, to be honest.
But if we get above this high, I could see maybe, you know, that's where you, again, it's like come above the high, you start looking for a reversal. You know, what are we going to need? I want to lower timeframes to confirm a market structure shift so we can get that swing high put in.
Also, so I said, why don't you trade gold? I actually we just got stopped on a lotto on gold It was just and I was kind of as a lot. I was kind of like on a whim, but I What's funny is I passed my face to trading like gold was the most traded asset other than the S&P It trains our trades pretty well to be honest I'm how do you mark a range high and low? So friends, I'm just looking at areas where there's a lot of displacement
So if you look here at this price action, where are the points that price moves most pivotal from? See what I mean? It is discretionary. It's going to be different for each person. But that's something you get better at with time. But really, it's just looking at, like here in this example, it would be this right here. Bam, bam.
Oops, I just meant to be on the low there. I think you get that That's kind of what I would have so far That would be really nice is if we would raid down into this this deeper area down here Get a nice reaction because I would give much better risk to reward Honestly, I want this to happen after lunch Yeah, I did age well also the 15-minute range would be a little bit more balanced too if we had a bigger push down
But again, even you know that wouldn't switch my bias
to where I want to trade into this. Now, if it is crazy enough of a dip with enough displacement, it leaves a massive gap. I probably wouldn't look to necessarily long it just because it's Friday and we've had a great week already, but I'm not going to look to short it either because then it's kind of like you catch yourself doing that. Like for instance, let's just say price blasts down through here. It leaves a massive fair value gap. I'm not going to short that just solely for the reason that I was looking for price to go up higher just slightly above here.
you know that's just kind of like sure it may be right but that practice of doing that is going to hurt you in the long run and that's something that i learned in trading is that even these little mistakes even if you're not risking a lot or if you're you know you're up really big and it doesn't matter i mean it matters because what it does it plants a seed like humans are creatures of habit and if you allow yourself to behave in ways that aren't you know you're
you're cognizant that it's not the correct move and it's not smart and it's not responsible. Well, then your brain is going to say, okay, well, that's fine. You know, it's now you've made an agreement with yourself that that's an okay behavior. So subconsciously in the future, you're going to do other dumb shit because you've now told yourself and you're subconscious that, you know, it's okay to fuck off and it's not. So you have to look at everything as the big picture. And with trading, like I'll tell you right now,
The technicals, yeah, it takes a little bit to learn them. But the real monster in trading is the psychological adversity you face whenever you start to trade with. Maybe you're doing a funded account. Maybe you are doing a challenge. Maybe you're trying to trade for a living. And there's a lot of pressures on you. And what's going to really define your success is how you behave.
Part of behaving properly is setting rules, following them, and setting a high standard for yourself so that you don't allow much room for error. So just those little things, like saying, okay, well, I'm not going to trade. Even though I got my model, I'm not going to trade because there was a really clear shift, and it's against my bias. That's the point where you paper trade, and then you study it after.
So what I would like, I like how we just formed this low. I don't know if it'll be preserved, but this would be really nice if this would get preserved. I would kind of do this, maybe go up and take the high one more time, just, and then go down. That would be, you know, obviously not with this much force, but something like this, that would be nice. But overall long bias until enough 11.556 range.
How do I trade sessions, merge and crypto markets? Just really, if you're going to, I would focus on like the same thing I look at in indices. Try to look for a liquidity rate between 830 and 11 and wait for a liquidity rate. Because if you don't wait for it, there's a chance that you're going to be you're going to turn into that liquidity.
Again, for those who kind of came in late. Now, if we do meet this target, don't try to. I mean, it could end up working. But if we meet this target, I'm personally not going to continuously look for longs. MCs, I'm sure it varies quite a bit. The ballpark estimate, how many trades a week do you take? Say between five and ten. Sometimes less. I mean, like this week, let's think. I took a trade on Monday. It was 2R, and that was all I took.
And then Tuesday, I lost one R. And that was all I took. And then Wednesday, I'm trying to think. I'm pulling my notion. Hold on one second. Actually, I think Tuesday may have been the day that I didn't trade. I think there was a day I didn't trade. No, no, no. Wednesday was the day that I took a loss. That was the day I took a loss. Yeah, and then Tuesday, I think, was the day I didn't trade. But so that'd be one, two.
This week, I'm like five trades, I think, with gold, like four or five, something like that. So it varies. You know what I mean? Sometimes it's more, sometimes it's less. But I think that two trades in a day is fine. I don't think you should be much more than that if they're intraday. Is Hilltop in here? He just asked me something. Because it's like if he's not in here, it's going to be weird.
Okay, you are. As I said, that was fucking perfect timing. Yeah, I have Notion. There's a link to it I have pinned in the lessons tab of Playbit. You can go in and there's like a whole, and I have it on my Twitter too. It's in my, there's a link to the bio. But yeah, it's pretty dope. People sleep on journaling. Everyone's like, it's like wearing a helmet when you skateboard or some shit. But you actually should do it.
Which with helmets and skateboards, I mean, I probably wouldn't wear a helmet if I skateboarded but I'm like that old man of trading Yeah, guys, I'm probably gonna hop off here Does then the server all if I do enter a trade I'll signal it Again closing for everybody just on the stream the
Narrative I'd like to see play out is maybe pip this high. Even if we don't pip it, I'm kind of just looking for a push down into here or maybe even under these lows. And I want to see the one minute give that market structure shift and then long up to the draw on liquidity. Now, if it hits before, like if this hits before we get that, like a return down to a discount of either of these ranges, then the trade's invalid. Yeah. So just do with that as you will.
And if you have any questions, always feel free to reach out. If you're trying to get access to trade signals and not just the free stuff. And also, I have a whole, I think there's 25 classes that are an hour long that you get with Playbit as well. You can start a free trial at the link that's in the description. Also, if you can, like and subscribe. It helps me how to show load. It's crazy. Like, what are the videos that get? Like, a bunch of likes will get way more views.
Yeah, if you got any questions, you know how to get at me. I'll see you guys. Well, the play, but I'll see you guys tomorrow at two. And let's see what poll the poll went up to. Hold on.
We did a poll. So it looks like blowout. We're going to do a class on my day trading routine and my chart markup. So basically what I'm keeping an eye on in the mornings before the opening bell and kind of just my general assessment of the market and how I prepare myself to get in a day trade. So if you want to be a part of that, feel free to start a free trial. Use the code. It's all caps, Casper, and at me once you get in the chat.
But if not, I'll see you guys on YouTube on Monday and everybody else. I'll see you tomorrow. Peace.
