What's good? How you doing? The pick from French Lake. What's going on, man? Not much, bro. I need to learn to trust my TA, man. Shit kills me, bro. That's part of the game, though, is learning and then you watch stuff play out and it sucks to see it go without you, but at least you got something from it. Yeah, exactly.
See, I wanted to play the pullback on BLZ, but it's just like BLZ is on straight. But I think that we'll get a pullback. And we've got this closure above the strong high. So it did react to the breaker, though.
but uh i i see us right here if we don't make a new high here i just see this as um you know price maybe when we kind of lick rate it but i think price is going to want to retrace here we'll see though i'm waiting on confirmation for this one because blz has been just like super strong lately for whatever reason i mean like look at it yesterday literally was not affected like everything was just completely tanking i mean it was
Is this another shitcoin? BLZ? Yeah. Bluezo? I don't even know what it does. Let's see. I think it's a Web3. Is it? Yeah. What's up, Flo? It's good, bro. How you doing? Honestly, I think I might have fucking COVID.
Oh, God. I'm not sure, though. I was telling you. Taste, smile, what is it? It's just like this. I don't know. It could not be a two, though, because there's some that are just like a cold symptoms. My girl was sick yesterday and the day before, and I woke up this morning and felt like fucking shit, just coughing a bunch. You can never know what the other fucking strains they got coming out with nowadays, man. Right. She's like, fuck. I guess it's a gaming coin. Yeah, it's like Web3.
Play to earn game developed by industry veterans who've worked with Nintendo, Ubisoft, EA. That sounds like every other fucking game. How is it? It's a gaming... Okay, wait. It's a blockchain for GameFi. And then it's also for DeFi. Just alone. In the Cosmos ecosystem.
i don't know and decentralized storage for nfts that actually could be um because i mean like hate them or love them like nfts are definitely like here to stay i mean not most of them most of them are going to go to zero but um i don't think the whole idea of it you know is ever going to go away at this point and this doesn't really look like the price action i'd really want to see for us to retrace heavily yet though unless we can kind of start to distribute over in this region
Really, at this point, let's see where Bitcoin even bounced off of. I kind of hit that shit last night. I was like, all right, I'm getting off. I just think we're going to see a little more downside before any. I mean, we have removed some liquidity for sure. We removed the sell side here. So you could look for us to maybe return up here. But I don't know. I mean, the more and more I look at this, it just looks like.
Just give me 27.9. Yeah, exactly. We need this down here. These equal lows down here. I don't think we're going to really see much of a reversal to them. We might see the short-lived stuff, but yeah, I don't know. All these old little zones I'd drawn, but I don't think these are going to matter much at this point. These are from way before.
Yeah, I don't see a huge amount of opportunity really just yet. I mean, you could have played, I guess, last night that original bounce, I guess. To me, this is kind of just looking like the beginning of low-time frame redistribution. I don't know, though. It's kind of odd. I think it just needs more time. I'm not really going to rush into any setups. I'm about to do some nasty range analysis tonight, my boy. Hell yeah.
It's just so bad, man. So bad. It's hard calling longs at these levels for anything, really. Yeah, that's why I haven't really been interested in longs. Because, like, a bunch of people were saying, like, we were bullish. And I was just like, where? I don't know. Maybe I'm just, like, fucking different fucking time zone. But I have not seen anything bullish forever. Those BNV shorts fucking feasted. I came down to this POI. Yeah, this actually might be.
No, never mind. I thought I was I remember marking this mean we could see a little bit of a Gap up here on BNB but at the same time this just looks like fat ass redistribution all this right here So, you know that event it did get that break of structure You know above its strong high if you you know, you'd plot it like that, but I don't trust it So fair value gaps been filled there Let's see what the m15 is looking like
You know, I would watch BNB for potential relief lungs. I'm not really interested in them yet, but I keep my eye on them. Just depends how we react within this zone right here.
So you have these relatively equal lows here, kind of inducing the early longs. Anybody who was long through here swinging, they got stopped out there. Then you have this imbalance that got filled, and then also this old demand. Not really the strongest demand, though. It broke minor structure, but nothing crazy.
It didn't really break. It kind of reached up to the supply and failed. If anything, you would have wanted this zone to hold, and it already got tapped into. That's where we got this pump back up to mitigate here. So you could just be going for this sell side. I would be pretty conservative with any cut-alongs at all. Like Flo said, it's kind of just hard to even look for them. But on days like this, that would be what I'd be more looking for than just aiming to short again.
Yeah, you just need it all. I need everything to fall in place for longs. Exactly. I need liquidity. I need double confirmation. I need to be in a nice, strong demand zone. I'm just going to get on the list because everything is going to be pretty rough. Oh, a bell fell off the fucking face of the earth. Oh, BLZ just wicked that high. This is what I want to keep an eye on because I just find it hard to believe this is going to sustain.
I mean, it's just odd, though. Let's see on that daily. Man, I'll be tired of Bitcoin destroys Rune's setup, man. If what? Bitcoin destroys Rune's setup. Yeah. What were y'all looking at on Rune? I never saw you guys were talking about it. It was monthly equal lows. Oh, yeah. And then mitigation of fractal demand and a daily break of structure upside with current price.
Yeah. Mitigated, like, fractal reaccumulation. I think I had something. Because I went and charted it. Was it this? Somewhere over here? Yeah. Yeah. I charted it after you guys were talking about it. So, can I lick rate daily? Breaker structure upside? I was like, dude. This looks good. Yeah. Not for sure. Yeah, that's what I... It was live. I would still watch it around, like, this level, personally.
I mean, really where it's at, I mean, I guess it's sitting in demand that kind of broke that minor structure, but it's not looking too hot just yet. Seems like it's still engineering sell side, which could be signs of distribution. Actually, I don't know. They're kind of clearing out the lows the more I look at it.
Yeah, I don't know. I like it, but I think I'd like it more down at this zone down here. Lower, yeah. I agree. Because it's like, you know, I think that you might be able to catch some kind of movement off this, but not that bad. If we sweep those lows right there, too. This right here, yeah. We should do some demand, bro. We can get a break of structure there. I really might have to walk. Yeah, no, I like it. Like, if you can't unswept these lows, feel this inefficiency or two inefficiencies, really.
and then came back into this whole demand that started this whole run. I just wish it was stronger demand, like it would have gotten more of a break of structure. I mean, I guess it did. I mean, it broke internal structure right there, but...
Nothing really crazy. If anything, this would be the way, just from like simple supply and demand without looking at this liquidity, which I won't do, but this would be the stronger demand zone because price came up and reacted to this supply, pivoted and flipped that supply into demand. Well, I overtook it. I should say, I don't know.
I don't know why people always say it flips it into demand. I don't look at it like that. It's like there's just new demand that overtook it. I think it's from the actual action of the buy stops turning into sell stops when they're released into the market, when they're triggered. Yeah, no, I mean, I get it. Because I think people get confused because then they mark the wrong zone whenever. Yeah, they're looking to long the top of that when it flips that. That's just completely not the... Exactly.
Yeah, no, I get what you're saying. But that's, I mean, really, like, this would be the zone you'd want along from, in my opinion, but not with these lows, so. Yeah, exactly. That's why I'm like, man, I hope she doesn't ruin it, but we'll see. Yeah. I'm actually gonna do it everything on my chart. I hate when my charts get too fucking cluttered. I like how many copies of layouts I make. So you just use layouts, like, a lot? Like, you'll make a layout, and then...
a copy of the same exact layout and then delete everything on the on the copy yeah i i remember one time i made a layout and like i had saved it to like like the layout i had i didn't realize it had like all my chart settings or something else and i was like wow i just fucked myself like i didn't know it was gonna do like all of my um
change all my appearance shit and everything because it was like when I first started with TradingView and I had to go back and change so much shit bro and you can't you couldn't undo that you might be able to now but there was no undo button for that I did something similar when I first started that was when I was on the phone man that was rough
Yeah, dude. Honestly, in my opinion, it's about impossible. I mean, it's not impossible. You just got to manually enter coordinates, but to do SMC like properly, if you're like, well, not all of it, but when you're really trying to get down to like, you know, finite levels and specific areas, you always got to like, you have to read the open, high, low, close, like enter the coordinates. If you want your line, you want to set an alert.
Yeah, I used to fat finger miss entries so many times, dude. Yeah, that shit sucks. I would zoom in and be like, oh, I guess it was like 10 pips off. Yeah, exactly. It's like, no. Damn. I just nearly introduced a man. I never got tapped into either here. I'm interested to see what happens.
We'll see the relative strength when we get that final Bitcoin and ETH pullback. Yeah. She holds up nice and I mean, I would look for logs, but if not, then...
Always other setups. Yeah, for sure. The only thing I see, too, like we're hugging discount like a motherfucker, which is good. But the only other thing I don't like, though, about this other zone here is theoretically, you know, if this if this fails, which it definitely is probably going to, then I would like to target these lows. Yeah. So that's the only thing. Maybe this would be ideal. What would Gaul ever do?
I was looking at it last night. I hope nothing. It pumped like a motherfucker last night, but it dropped off. No, it didn't get a closure. I don't know, that looks just like one fat ass lick right to me. Maybe to come up and mitigate this candle that never got somewhere in there that never got tapped into. I had to guess. Jesus Christ. Didn't even see an internal break of structure until all the way down here. These ranges. Coins are stupid, man.
Yeah, that shit's insane. Then it came back up. We'd really... At this point, I'd almost like a return up somewhere. So we're probably this wick, maybe. That'd be nice. But... I wouldn't count on it. You didn't really disrespect this demand. You kind of swept some old demand. But you did form some more relatively equal lows, it looks like.
Honestly, it almost looks like a really fucked up, ugly distribution pattern. Like, I don't know, that kind of throws it off for me. But I just, whenever I see this cell side being engineered like this. So I wanted to short this at some point last night, but I gave up on it after that. I was like, yeah, I'll find something else.
What would I be looking at as a short entry for BLZ? I don't think the trade's there yet. Personally, what I'd want to see is kind of like this over here, but be respected and like a healthy movement down. Like I want to see a new supply introduced, get like an internal break of structure. That's going to be your first signal that the trend may be shifting because, you know, on the four hour.
Really, the four hour of BLZ is bullish. So when you look, we got that closer there. So yeah, I get it. It's scam pump, whatever. But I mean, I just trade technical, so I'm not going to question it or go against it. So yeah, I see it. We can try to play the pullback. And we can target weak lows below if you're using...
bodies to map your breaks of structure then really technically this is going to be a weak low because it just was liquidity grabs unless we get a closure above this but as long as we can reverse up here you could target this low and this inefficient price action here maybe even this demand zone right there so I mean it'll still be a great opportunity but I think it needs time to develop
So I want to see that, you know, I want to see it start to show signs of weakness. And I really want to confirm that because, you know, I am trading a pullback, which is expected, but you have to be mindful that you're trading a pullback. And, you know, as much as everybody wants everything to just completely, you know, tank to zero and everybody's really bearish, you got to still respect the technicals and whatever it is that you do, just stay on that energy. You know what I mean? Like if you, you know, use.
your four hour to determine if something's bullish or not well if the four hours bullish it doesn't matter if it's blz or some random coin you know you got to respect it so that's kind of um you know where i'm at with that one that's like why waves i took most of it um a little early
But it wasn't really early, in my opinion. I mean, I was playing a pullback. I could have been more degen with it for sure. I still have a runner in it. But at this point, the four-hour is bullish for me. It did start to show signs of weakness. You had the four-hour internal structure break. Price came up to that supply, swept these highs right here. That's actually in the trade model that I'm building. I'm trying to...
refine it as much as possible and with crypto one piece of advice I can give you guys is you'll be a lot better off if you just don't even take like say if you're using like internal change of character and
I know for those of you who use this, this is going to speak to you. You'll see that first change of character and you get that break of structure. And then price never goes up to your POI. And then you get another break of structure. That's just inducement. So a lot of people will get trapped trying to trade that second supply. And then what happens is a weak low is formed and then comes up, takes your entry, and then dumps. And all that is is just you have to...
incorporate liquidity into your trading model. You can't just use, I mean, you can, I guess, you can just use supply and demand and market structure. I mean, for sure. But with, I mean, with Forex, it's a little bit easier. I mean, you still need to use liquidity, but when you're trading crypto, everything's, it's almost like max pain. Like you're just going to have the max manipulation possible. So I want to really reinforce that, that you should look for liquidity rates.
Excuse me. For instance, right here, say everybody wanted to short this supply. This was everybody's POI. It should have been, in my opinion. That's the inside bar. It's at the top of the climax. Now, it also came right after we filled an inefficiency on the four-hour. So price did what? It wants to sell off here. So where did the selling begin? It's going to be in either this wick or this inside bar.
So notice price came up really close and formed these little relatively equal highs, but didn't, it did not tap into it. So price came into this zone and everybody was satisfied and everybody's like, fuck, I missed it. So what do they do? They wait for price to return to maybe this zone and then short it here. And they're targeting, you know, they're going to be targeting way down here. But what happens?
Price just kind of moseys around and finally just pumps up, wicks them out, and then does the move they want it to do. But that's just inducement. You're just getting induced into your trade, and you're kind of becoming a victim to the same concepts that you're trying to capitalize off of. I'm near to the point where I'm going to require a liquidity rate. Now, it doesn't have to be on the high timeframes or it just needs to be on a 15-minute.
um i want to see that sweep of liquidity and it may cause me to to miss more trades but at the end of the day like for instance bitcoin yesterday that's why i didn't take it all freaking day um why does it keep doing that bro why is my check um okay whatever um so we had you know bitcoin right here i'll go to a different chart it's not marked up
Bitcoin broke structure the downside we got that internal break actually was from this candle
You get that first sign of weakness. So that internal structure was taken, whether you plotted this week or this week. I mean, to me, this was the correct low because the candle after it made a new high, this did not sponsor such a movement. So, you know, looking at this, what do we have up here? We have our, you know, we have our sign of weakness with displacement. So, you know, when displacement occurs, what is often created? A fair value gap.
Now, price did kind of come into it. Didn't really get into the equilibrium of it. Just something, you know, it's good to try to see if it gets into the equilibrium. Did not. Really, you'd like to see them filled, especially if you have a POI just above it. I think this was an inside bar on perps right here. Let's see.
yeah that last um doji was an inside bar and perps so that's that was kind of where my poi was you know when i see those inside bars what that tells me is that's a low time frame range and you can see if price came up started to pull back consolidated on low time then started to move to the downside it was pretty clear that the selling occurred within that candle so that's going to be my poi so then price you know came up right here came down got a second break of structure and i was like i missed it dude
You know, and a lot of people were probably trying to short this here. Got in. Price kind of moved. They got excited for a second and then got wicked out just by a hair. Only for Price to, you know, do a move they've been waiting on for, you know, all day. Now.
Why did that happen? It's just inducement. It's just being impatient. And I shouldn't even say it like that. Maybe it's just being aggressive because a lot of people, they're mindful of this, but they still trade into it. But the whole idea of trying to trade these reversals with the concepts we're using is to try to really be as precise as possible. I think that people kind of stray away from that, but that's the idea. That's what attracts people to use smart money concepts.
you know be patient um because you want to have liquidity on your side because you know did you have all the checks here like the price come up into a supply zone yeah i mean if you drew this candle it came to the zone did it come into an ipa uh kind of not really it didn't actually on uh oh yeah it did i just redrawn it it came into it a little bit on curbs
but it didn't fill it, and then also left these highs. So, you know, once you see that pattern, just be patient. And you might get left behind, but the sooner you become comfortable and familiar with the feeling of letting trades go and not caring, the better a trader you will become. And this is what really helps with developing a system. If you can develop a very strict system, like that's, you know, okay, are we in a high timeframe POI? You know, okay.
internal change of character in the high timeframes, you know, whatever it is you're looking for, you know, in order for you to execute, if you can, you know, lay out a strict rule set, it'll help you not really care if you miss a trade, if it doesn't meet your criteria, because after all, if that happens, then you didn't have a trade because you don't trade that price action. So it'll take the thought out of it, you know, and you won't be like, oh shit, should I chase it? Should I chase it? Oh, you know, you won't have those kinds of issues as much.
But one thing I'm really trying to focus is those liquidity rates because you see those highs got swept right here. The fair value gap got filled. I mean, then it was, okay, at that point, then my framework's ready for execution. I'll be pretty aggressive. And I'm just going to look for a one-minute internal change of character and then enter off the supply, which is what I did. Look how close this got to getting stopped out too.
Again that shit insane really if you use the high on Bitcoin you would have got stopped But I try to use it plus a dollar to a dollar fifty
if i'm on the m1 price came up i watched i was like oh i'm gonna get stuck whatever though but it didn't and i went i remember i went out and got food whenever this was happening i looked at my phone i was like holy i missed those shorts too i took them i was uh i was playing fortnite with float and i was like we were both looking at it right we were looking at the one hour and the 15 minute structure and we saw we saw exactly like what you saw we saw that low get taken and we're like is this just a lick grab or is this an actual like show of weakness
or break a structure yeah and then yeah hood was like already in off like that retest of the high but flo and i were waiting for more confirmation then we finally got confirmation off that lower high and that's where we took entry i'm actually in lungs right now nice
We've come back down and we've tapped this demand zone three times now, and we've manipulated each low, so I can see this as a possible spring or just some sort of reaction, but I'm looking to take it up to equilibrium of the swing structure or optimal trade entry of the swing structure. That'd be nice if we could get this rollercoaster price action again with Bitcoin. Yeah, I'll send you my chart, or I'll just at you.
it would be beautiful if we could get that is it a five minute you're using yeah uh yeah it's on yeah i saw i do that that shit you taught me bro that internal market structure break is like starting to hit really well dude i swear it's smack like look right here i mean even i mean bro you could have got in early as fuck but i mean you got to be the thing is with it is it's dangerous if you like the poi selection or like your you know your framework selection has to be really on point with it but
as long as it is it fucking hits because like right here literally the way i look at it this is your first internal break structure yep so then it's like okay price comes up you know um this is a weird one for me uh you i guess it's that five minute black handle right there
I mean, for me, the demand was in here because you broke it here. So the demand had to be introduced first. Oh, you mean coming back into it. That one, yeah, right there. That's the candle I went off of. So it comes back into it, and then it breaks again. So the 15-second would help. Then it breaks, I guess, immediately. But then look at that.
This is the same setup I played the other day after the little crash. I mean, then it's like you literally snagged the bottom right there. Yeah, the one me and I had played. It was the same exact same looking shit, bro. Like literally, I'll go over here. That's my POI right there. Where is it? I think I deleted the actual TA because it was getting on my nerves, but it was like right I think here or something. Yeah, it was this because I remember this right here with my TP, this crazy candle.
yeah that type of um that type of accumulation pattern right there that's called a springboard accumulation so that's where you make a like your that your very like initial low your selling climax is your low you never make like a lower low how do you identify among like other types of distribution uh no it's i mean i mean i'm an accumulation that's my bad um because all the other accumulations they violate the selling climax or um
They'll take ST liquidity, but in springboard, basically the very first point where you bounce is going to be your high or your low. You'll see springboard distribution is the same thing, but upside down. You'll only make lower highs. You'll never violate the high as you would in a normal distribution pattern, if that makes sense. Right. So if you flip it upside down, here you only make higher lows while inducing shorts. Yeah.
They all got cleaned right there. Well, not the shorts, but a lot of stops got taken right there. Actually, we're in a five minute. I forget. I really hope we start again with this. This would be fucking amazing because everything's in so fucking ass, bro. Like, all this is just... I mean, it's not terrible, but it's just not... Like, I want this again. All this. Like, we were getting there for a while. We were getting spoiled. It's just the same redistribution pattern. We have this fucking arch.
I swear, bro, you could literally, like, that's, Bitcoin, like, the algos are running this pattern right here gets run into low time frames all the time, bro.
Like, if you look at it on a one hour, it'll be cleaner. I see this shit happen on low timeframes. Like, usually once I'm, like, if I'm in a trade, it kind of dumps. Like, when it comes back up to, like, mitigate, like, near my entry, like, I'll see this pattern all fucking day, bro. It's that weird-ass redistribution. Would this be springboard redistribution or no? Where? On my screen.
that right there i wouldn't i don't know i'm just i'm just curious of what kind of redistribution this is because this is what's ring board or what do you call it um that would be a three drives right there yeah that's an ict thing yeah the power of three is what um it reminds me of but i don't really with this i mean i just look at it like oh is that the breakdown from 40 000
yeah oh yeah that's that's that whole redistribution pattern yeah exactly it's just the same fucking thing over and over again it was so such free money bro like when we were trading through here this was when shit was getting crazy bro like i remember we were hitting fucking bangers like every every other day and then everything got boring there for a little bit through here oh you need a nice little pump on bitcoin i know i just saw that good bnb is doing
I almost kind of want this down here, if anything. This lower zone. Because this doesn't really look like the strongest supply zone. I mean, they're kind of front ran it with these equal lows here. But this fair value gap, it's not terrible. It's not really just a healthy kind of price action you want to see, though. I'm going to set an alert if price comes back down into this region.
Yeah, forgive me, guys, if I'm not super, super talkative today. I'm not sure if I have COVID, but I'm sick as fuck. I don't know what it is. Yeah, honestly, I mean...
If we can get a nice reversal, like, confirmed on the 15-minute, I mean, I marked the 5-minute zone down there, similar to this 15-minute. It's really the same area. You know, I would, if I can get a return there and then that supply, or I'm sorry, demand is respected, I would look for longs. Just scallops, though. Like, nothing crazy. We're right at equilibrium if you draw it up this high. You guys need to start playing Rust, JL.
oh dude i tried to play that game years ago bro when i when i was into gaming or when i was like yeah it's different now i don't it's i had no friends dude i had no clue how to play that game i didn't know that you like needed friends to play the game i would just join a server and like
try to like kill this dude and grab his gun and like i had no idea how they'll like actually even make a gun yeah my boy he's actually pretty good at it he plays like he games i i used to play shit but now i just never have time and when i do have time that's not how i want to spend it but it's nice though it's like if you're sitting chill on your desk it's nice to just kind of chill i've turned into such a like a casual gamer yeah same right happy yeah i never like that's how i am with that game i'm not like
My boy, he's good as fuck at it. He's down to go crazy, you know what I mean? Super try-hard, but at the same time, he's not a douchebag where he has to do that. Yeah. Dude, honestly, I'm liking BNB setup if it can return down. I want to see it form a little range because you've got these liquidity sweeps after liquidity sweep. I don't like that. I guess. I mean, I don't know if I'd call that power of three.
I do like this zone. I'm just going to mark the whole 15-minute zone. I'm going to set my alarm for that. Not a bad setup. I want to see price kind of come up somewhere and make a range, deviate from the top, and then just make a range, and then come down. Something like that. Because you do have this setup, too. You have these four-hour IPAs you can target up ahead, but it still needs to develop. It's nowhere nearer it needs to be.
There we go bills he's going into that a Daily supply zone was a daily or four hours four hours, right? I'm not much of a crazy I mean there was a lot of movement after us. That's my marked in that inside bar Not a ton of inefficiencies like I would like I mean there was one right here But I think it had gotten filled the one thing I'll tell you guys like I Swear if you just leave the auto draw on you use your tools And then you just right click when you're done instead of having to click like 10 times. It's so much better
It takes some getting used to, but it's way better. Hey, can you repeat that, bro? So, like, when you're drawing on your chart, see this tool over here? It's a stay in drawing mode. All right, I see. So I can click this, and I can draw a bunch of lines until I right-click, and it, like, deselects the tools. Or you can do that with everything. So if you're just really marking up charts, it makes things much easier, in my opinion, once you get used to it. Yeah, I definitely got my eyes on BLZ, though.
I don't think that zone the more I look at it. I mean, I guess these two cameras could see that displacement after hitting to that. No, not yet. RSR is sus. I don't think it's ready yet. You did get that internal market structure break here on the four-hour. You did sweep this liquidity here. So, this is another situation where I think we're starting to see some inducement occur. I'm actually just going to set an alert for when...
This high gets ran. TRX, yeah, I got you. Yeah, here, I like the setup that's developing. It's kind of like waves, but I want to see this liquidity get ran. Because, I mean, yeah, I guess you could mark this as your zone. Did this get ran here? It did. Let's take a look at that, actually. There might be something of interest. I'm not going to chase it where it's at, because we did just remove, really, that cell side that you would be targeting. First target, at least. Saw up here.
Let's change the character right there. I mean, it respected this. This was the newly introduced demand, came up, satisfied it, had that second demand that flipped that, or I'm sorry, supply that flipped that demand. And then you saw that price waked up back into it after the break and respected it. So that would have been your entry if you were watching this. The sell side got removed here. Because at the end of the day, I want to target this level right here.
So that's going to be your weak low. Since we made a new high here, price came up. It seems like it's failing to. Let's see if we've even really pulled back to equilibrium. Yeah, I don't know. Price did pull back to equilibrium. Left some inefficiencies. I'll just look for signs of a reversal up here. And if you can get that and it holds, then you could target this low. But I wouldn't take it much further than that. What did someone ask?
Peep algo. Yeah, I got you. I'm going to look at TRX and then I'll look at algo. Also, someone said explain internal market structure break. Yeah, I got you. Give me one second. I'll do it on TRX. So, good old fucking TRX. Jesus, there's a lot of TA on here. Delete a lot of this shit.
So, we came back up, swept liquidity here. Came all the way back up into this wick. I mean, you know, you cannot say this supply is not filled at this point. For our, we got our initial change of character right there. And this is our internal structure. I'm just going to delete a lot of this.
When we're looking at internal structure, you know, we still remain, you know, always looking at it from the perspective that a low's job is to make a new high and a high's job is to make a new low. So whenever we look at candles, you know, a low has to do one thing. It just has to make a high. The next candle after it has to be higher. You know, its high has to be higher. So for instance, right here, you know, why is this candle?
We have a high right or a low right here. Why is this candle not the low? Well, you didn't make a new high here. It was traded within this candle. So you can't be a low if you don't do your job and make a high. So then price goes up. You know, is this a high? No, because it didn't make a new low. Right. But then we have a new low right here. It's a lot more of an aggressive mapping. So, you know, we have a low pullback low.
Then you come up here into this zone. This isn't your high, of course. This would be your high. Why would this be your high? Well, candles after it made a new low. Continuation, continuation. Oh, we got a pullback. So then where's our next low? It's not this candle because it didn't make a new high. This candle did. Move. And then we had this pullback right here. Nothing really going on until right here. You have a new low. And then after that, you come down and take that low.
So, you know, looking at it again in the four hour now, and remind you, this is not a four hour. And also keep in mind that oftentimes internal changes of character are also changes of swing structure on a lower time frame than the one you're looking on.
So here, you know, if you're just marking the last candle, you know, with internal structure, some people walk the range, some people mark candles. However, you mark sub-indemand, but, you know, this last candle, this is a pretty broad one for me, but it came up, it respected it, broke down. Now look at this. Now we have a flip because we came down and we got that change of character. This is where the internal, you know, is giving us signals it might be ready to pull back.
You pair that with supply and demand, and you might have something. So then what happens? Well, newly introduced demand comes into the marketplace here, pushes us back up into the supply zone, and then the supply overtakes that demand and breaks its low. So then you could look at the zone right here, and look what happened there. You know, it's the same thing. You got another change of character, another bearish change of character there.
You know, where are we going? I don't know. Maybe somewhere in this zone. You see what I mean? It's up to you how you plot your supply and demand. So with that being said,
You have to use this with other confluence. You can't just trade internal structure only. That's something I want to be very clear on. But it can help you whenever you're trying to catch a reversal because it's going to be really your first sign of weakness or price showing that it's kind of lackluster.
So here at this point, looking at TRX, I hope that explained internal structure, starving for crypto. Also Edge said, could it be possible if you explain an equilibrium concept? Yeah, of course. I got you, man. It's better. I mean, I do have a video, but I enjoy helping you guys. Please ask questions because as much as I like to talk, I like to have something to give you guys that you need. So all you really need to know about equilibrium.
First of all, to plot it, we're going to use our Fib retracement tool. You can have your settings like this. You just need 1, 0.5, and 0, because all you're doing is you're drawing a range, and that 0.5 is saying that's a 50% move back of that range. So if I drew a 75, or put a 75, and it's going to be 75% back. That's all it's doing is just the retracement. That's why it's called a Fibonacci retracement tool. Now, when we look at market structure, you know,
Let's just say price is doing this, right? Well, the key takeaway here is that if we're looking at, think of it like this. Think if we're looking at a product. Think we're looking at, we're a business because trading is a business and you have a product. Are you going to want to sell that product for a discount or are you going to want to sell it for a premium?
Same goes for buying. You obviously want to buy it for a discount and you want to sell it for a premium. So when we look at this range, we look at this 0.5 line, that's going to be your fair market value or equilibrium. You know, people call it midpoint, equilibrium, EQ, fair market value, whatever. Fair value, that's all the same thing.
What that really means is saying that's a fair price to pay. With the standard deviation, the range we're in, that's a fair price to pay. But we're in the business of making money. We don't want to pay a fair market value. We want to buy for a discount and sell for a premium. So whenever you're trading, say if you're going to short, say maybe you had a POI here and price came up. You're like, are you going to take it or not?
I don't know. It's up to you. It depends on your trading style, but you could look at it and say like, you know, maybe you had another POI, you know, up here and that would have been better because you're in premium. So whenever you're trading, you know, you can kind of use it as a checklist, like ask yourself, you know, am I in premium or discount of the current swing? Now you don't have to always be in premium or discount of the four hour price swing, but you can use this on a 15 minute or whatever, you know, intraday timeframe you use. Like for instance, the four hour on Tron,
You know, really came down here and made this. That's really your low. So if you came down, came down here, didn't really clear any highs. Like this was your swing range before. And this is ugly. This is the way I do it because of candle. I use candle closure. So you've got a closure there. So that was really your range. You're still trading within your range. You know, technically the four hours still bearish until you close above this candle. So you look at Tron like, okay, well, we're in distribution.
Can I peep ADA? Yeah. But with Tron, you could say, okay, we're in premium. Price is bearish. We're in that four-hour supply. We're starting to see a reaction within that four-hour supply. That sort of thing. You can look at it like that. You can also look at it on your 15-minute, your current price swing. For instance, like...
Really, you had, if you look at this, let's say that you had a price swing here. I'm using wicks for lower timeframes. That was really a break of structure. Came up, made a new structure, came down, made a new structure there. So at this point, it's pretty choppy, but if you drew it like this was your old swing low,
There is your change of character. I would probably say you went down to here. It's being kind of aggressive with some of these. So that would be your swing range right here. For me, you know, really. On the 15 minute. So, you know, if you're looking at the 15 minute, you might say, you know, if you're a scalper. I probably wouldn't really short from this. But let's say you're a scalper. I don't know. Maybe you want to, if you see a reversal here, you want to take this low.
You know, you swept these highs. You are at that kind of that time of day when you see these liquidity runs happen. You know, push up. Then if you wanted, you could maybe go in and scale in for an entry. But you're just using premium, you know, on your side. But the four-hour range, you know, you're also in premium. So you can kind of use those together whenever you're looking to enter trades.
I said algo. Draw this out for someone yesterday. Oh, well, it looks like this worked. I drew this before this happened. He said, watch this POI. It came up into it and definitely reversed nicely. Basically, I think I was just saying, yeah, I said not to use this zone. Set that out and use this zone. So it worked perfectly, whoever I drew this for. I think it was a chart chat.
Next POI for Algo. What was you asking? You're looking for a short around 0.4? Yeah, that's what I would be looking for. Somewhere in there. Preferably like here. Like this 4082. I would rather use that. I'll mark the whole zone. But like I said before, I can see price coming up.
Let's say price Comes up almost to this zone and then does this and forms for equal highs and then dumps, but then it fails to break these lows So those highs get taken and you go to that fair value gap fill just like Bitcoin did yesterday I'd be patient with a lot of develop no need to To force anything This is another example of using premium because at this time prices right here when I drew this out You'd look at this and yeah
Both of these zones I had drawn this zone and this over both in premium. So, you know, you want to See how somebody could have used this so and they said others are supplies and it's a flip zone and you're not necessarily wrong but you're looking at it and the perspective that that's You gotta understand that's in premium or I'm sorry. That's a discount right here. So I'm gonna go ahead and delete all this Or at least hide it. It was a four hour telling us as well
clear target oh god this is beautiful odd price action though and you're hugging this i mean this almost could be accumulation if it starts to respect this demand but you're not really clearing any highs it's getting shot down supplies still seem to be in control you're also engineering buy side here you know i'd almost look for this to these this to get grand maybe run into this demand over here
And then that's where you really start to maybe move to the upside if crypto doesn't just fall on its face. I actually like this. So I'd like for price to maybe come up here into that zone. Change character. Give us nice short entries. And you could look for longs here up to this buy side liquidity. That's kind of what I would look for there. Oops. This is actually a nice setup.
It's a four-hour order block as well. I would definitely watch prices that comes up into this zone. Preferably want to fill that in balance, but settings. Yeah, good shit I'm pointing that out. I'm actually going to add that to my watch list. Damn, that just seems fucking wants to be bullish as ever, huh? Well, it's going to be just one fat-ass distribution schematic.
Yeah, so this buy to sell, this is a good way to identify fractal supply and demand. So you see prices coming down, and I had this pullback, this wick, bam, came up, and that selling continued. So there's a strong force coming to market usually within these wicks, preferably the higher ones. So that looks like we're responding to that. And then if you scale in, it's maybe not a demand zone you would always look, or a supply zone you'd always look at, but I mean, I like these kinds of zones, especially this candle right here.
That kind of wick. Some people call them BFI candles. You got to lick right into it. And it's pretty bullish. So, you know, you'd only be shorting a pullback. It's an odd, odd price action that didn't even come into equilibrium that first time. This is where it happens really fast because it's like, you know, this was your internal break of structure. This came up, came back into it.
There, new supplies introduced, broke through that demand, then price came back up into that. Easier if you don't like a low timeframe, but let's see what it looks like in a five minute. I don't know if it's gonna have the power to do it, but I'd like it to come back up into this zone. That's where I'd wanna watch for it. I don't know about this, just kind of ugly price action. I don't know if I'd really touch that. It's knife entry. I'll keep my eyes on XTZ.
I guess somebody asked for ADA forever ago. My bad, whatever that was. You might run this high up here. Let's see what's in this zone over the left. It seems like you reacted up that fair value gap. It seems like you tapped into the supply. I don't know. You could use that last candle as your institutional candle. I probably pay too much money to that. I mean, if you get a closure here, you're going back bullish in the 15 minute. I guess you could say, actually. I mean, if you are aggressive with it, you could say right there.
Okay, and I made that new low, pullback, new low, closure, came up and respected that newly introduced demand. And again, kind of ran these lows. Might pay too much money. This is a flip zone here. Could get your expected pullback. And the reason it's a flip zone, for those of you who are wondering, is you had this demand, the price came back, that it came into, reacted, and then that supply pushed it through it.
Thing is though is This liquidity was swept Came up, but you failed to maybe it just pumped up to mitigate, but you know, you know Ideally you wanted to see this come down and take this low Other words you can maybe look at this as a weak high I guess but And that might get swept and would give you a better entry than anything up in here Not alarmed I'd keep an eye on Cardano looks pretty strong
Yeah, and you could expect maybe retracement down into that zone. This coin just is like, I don't even know. I just feel like all strength has left this coin. I mean, it just doesn't really seem like anyone cares about it anymore. I know that like a lot of people swear by it and it's fundamentals like big names and crypto, but it just looks like, I mean, yeah, that could change, but it just does not look like there's much interest in this coin at this point. Let's see where it's actual on all-time lows are.
So it's actually coming down to a zone possibly. I guess. Just like it kind of came back down and pulled back. I don't know. I just think it's kind of forcing it. The chart does not look too great. I mean, you are coming back down to this. I guess you could say this was your demand. This WIC. Fractal WIC right there. But it's kind of pushing it. Let me go to the daily and see what's over there. Yeah. I mean, the only thing is you see it pushed out of it and came right back into it. And I guess it's in these WICs.
Oftentimes when I see stuff like this is just I don't even want to look at the court anymore I just like there's so many cryptos a trade when you see this kind of like lackluster Just you know price action. It's like unless you believe in the quinn funnel fundamentally I mean that the chart doesn't look absolutely horrible, you know, I mean as far as the four hour, you know, you're kind of hugging this Discount down here orders might be accumulating, but you're not really
respecting any newly introduced demand this gets cleared out it just looks super weak but I mean you've cleared a ton of lows on the weekly I guess you're back here at square one I wouldn't probably pay too too much attention to it unless I was like
fundamentally interested. A lot of other coins to play. Everybody thinks that you've got to trade crazy alts to make money and it's the opposite in my opinion. You can get better risk to reward and better moves a lot of times off Ethereum and Bitcoin and majors. The price action is going to be much cleaner and more manageable. Is it nice to have 200% or 300% play?
that's great but like that doesn't mean to me like you know i can make more money off of a five percent play than people can make off 200 because their stop loss is 30 or 20 it's just like that's pointless to me because it's like cool to have that big p l that's nice i guess but it's like i'm not really in it for you know what my percentage profit is i'm more in it for like how much money i make so um
A lot of times with alts, you're not going to have that opportunity to get that high risk to reward like you will with coins that kind of respect price action and that are being traded by larger institutions. Like, for instance, this trade. Someone has to argue with me on Twitter last night about this, actually. They were saying it was stupid to use the low time frames. So I got this trade.
And that move that took like, and this is a little crazy, of course, it was like five hours. It was shorter than usual. At the peak, it was 34 risk or award. So, you know, that's obviously I trimmed. I mean, before then I trimmed it there. But if you were to just take the full trade, that's 34% of your funds. You know, you're not going to make, be able to make that off of stop losses that are 20, 30%.
There's another coin somebody I access Yeah, I didn't even see what you're talking. You said 18.5. Yeah, that's what you said. Yeah, I mean that's where I'd like to In there and they have some fundamental happening. So it looks like they did but Almost looks like you just formed more sell side up here
So that's your four-hour high, and there's a ton of just sell-side liquidity resting up in there. I mean, theoretically, though, using market structure, you know, you wouldn't really want to long from here all the way up because at the end of the day, all these are, everything down here is just weak lows because it didn't make a new high. Yeah, I mean, it made, you know, internal structural highs, yeah, sure, but not swing structure.
If you were trading with the trend and you entered shorts here, you're targeting this low. So that's why it's really, really important to understand the narrative. Like, sure, could you long for there? Maybe. But don't get crazy with it. Long to supply that's on overhead. Real recent stuff. Nothing crazy. Look for those new reliefs. But you have to understand, like, what is the story that's going on? Because you can get caught up in these little, like, baby moves.
and you know have your ta right if you're just looking at this
You know, this is like, you know, from just looking over here, I'm like, oh, dude, fuck yeah. Yeah, this is going to be a week high now because we didn't make a new low. And we're going to go to the moon. We're going here. Now, that could definitely happen. I see it. But you have to know that. OK, what's the high timeframe story that's going on? OK, we're in a bearish market. OK, well, there was probably a lot of orders that had to be mitigated up here. What happened when we got up there? Look at that. You don't want to see that kind of.
uh response to supply in a bull market so price comes up then you know uh just retraces pretty heavily and it doesn't look super strong because you know at the end of there you can get caught up in the middle of the move that's already happening because you know people that are understand market structure and are trading with the trend you know they probably gotten shorts up here and where do they target down here they target these lows all these equal lows right here so
I'd be careful with it. You know, I'd need double confirmation, you know, a 15 minute, and then you'd also want to target pretty aggressively. So ideally I'd want a liquidity rate, which I think you're going to get. I think there was already lows. Yeah, there's lows here, but I would want you to dig into it maybe a little bit and then price come raid that again, then get that 15 minute double confirmation and you would just be taking it to somewhere like here, inefficiencies above.
Here here maybe but at the end of the day you look what this high do it came up broke through these lows so it's like Sort of this high or this supply, but that's how you wouldn't want to target past it Because you have to build like that story around what's really happening or you'll get caught up in the middle of it and you're just kind of like an extra Don't be an NPC
I want to look at Ape. I haven't looked at Ape in fucking forever. It's been boring, dude. Like, it was fun to trade there for a while, not just, like, not really crazy moves like it used to make. That was one of the reasons I traded it, because it kind of respected price action, and then it doesn't look terrible. It looks like you removed from the sell side. You might be respecting whatever demands in this wick. See if there's anything left over that didn't get tapped. I mean, it doesn't look that bad, honestly.
I would want more confirmation before I'd look for any kind of longs, but, you know, using internal structure is pretty aggressive. You know, it'd be this right here. And then press cam up. I mean, I'll set it out, but I'll see how it goes.
i don't think it's gonna go well so you know maybe you might want to wait for the the 15 minute swing structure to ship bullish make it you know i guess if you use wicks which i'm starting these wicks in 15 minutes they kind of did they're still getting used to it um then you would look for like a retracement back down this leg price preferably under 0.5 so probably this last candle but we'll see how that plays out come back and watch this later
I'm just not seeing crypto chat. I said BLZ2. BLZ, we went over this a little earlier. We'll kind of retouch on it. It's basically up in this zone. It's up in this zone. We might have a short entry. We kind of filled this fair value gap, came up into this supply.
Give us some fractal supply, Druitt. On the 15-minute, it started on the four-hour, maybe even on the daily. Yeah, we did a buy-to-sell Wix, and then we did the 15-minute refinement down to this zone right there. There's a lot of displacement here. I'm not going to be that crazy and require one of these, but looking at this again.
this candle, that big candle right there would be nice. It looks like it definitely filled in. So at this point, it's pretty clear that we've got to our POI. Price has not really given us much of signs of reversal yet.
But, you know, if you could wait for a double confirmation. I'll actually watch this. If I enter, I'll let you guys know, too. I won't just trade this one. Sorry about Bitcoin. A couple of you guys are probably like, Dan, why don't you signal it? I just didn't. I don't signal all the trades I take. Find us some messages. Somebody said ADA. Let's go look at it. We actually just talked about it. It looks like it's wanting to reverse in this zone. Now you'd look for...
It's to end of this zone and then fail or smash through this demand we created. Whatever pushes us back to that zone. Here's the second low. So you could watch for that for maybe a little scalp opportunity. Just down back to here.
Because remember the 15-minute, your higher time frame, if you're using a one-minute for execution, well, your higher time frame is your 15-minute. So if that higher time frame is still bullish, which it is, you have to trade accordingly. So you could target really just this IPA fill to be safe. So main setup, I'm going to get off here in a second. I'm still pretty fucking sick. I'm not going to lie to you guys.
Yeah, keep an eye on TRX, BNB for longs from BNB. Just keep an eye on it. We need retracement first. But then BLZ for shorts. That's kind of the main ones. And Algo for shorts as well at 40 cents. So keep an eye on all those. That's kind of what I'm going to be paying attention to.
But as always, I appreciate you guys. Sorry I couldn't stay on longer today. I'm going to just lay my ass down here in a minute. I'll watch from the iPad. I need to take a COVID test. But yeah, anyways, I'll see you guys tomorrow. If you have any questions, I'll still be on my phone and stuff. So I'll reply just at me. And yeah, we'll figure out whatever we can do. I appreciate it, guys.
