So today I wanted to go a little bit over this infographic I just posted to Twitter. So the power of three or daily candle formation.
This example is just talking about the use being applied to try to interpret what the day is going to do by using the price delivery preceding the London session coming right after New York midnight. So oftentimes you'll get that accumulation manipulation down into your price delivery array, whether that's a fair value gap, an order block, or even an old low, old high.
and again i know this is a bullish example there's just not enough room to do a bearish example but just inverse everything as with everything in trading it always has its inverse so we see the manipulation into our price delivery array oftentimes right between 2 and 5 a.m that's why they consider that the ict new york or not sorry not new york the london kill zone we see this market structure shift around that time giving either an optimal entry
off of a fair value gap, or for me, I just use the first fair value gap in a discount. The reason it's a high probability trade setup is because you're trying to catch the low of the day. So you're going to be...
low risk in the sense that your stop loss is going to be put in a place to where if it's invalidated and your stop loss is hit, then your trade idea was wrong most of the time. Unless you just made some kind of simple mistake where you just didn't get a good entry model and you didn't get enough displacement and you ended up becoming the stop hunt. Then we look to take that trade up into whatever the intraday draw on liquidity is.
And then we see the high of the day made and a close after consolidation. So that is to find the daily candle formation. Now we can use this ideology on any timeframe to form any candle. So for instance, look here at ETH on the one minute.
Now, again, it's different. Sometimes you'll see it happen during kill zones, but you can find examples of this price action throughout time. And it's just the three true cycles of the market. So we're going to see price kind of find a false support. Retail would look at this as support. So there's going to be stop losses under this low. So price pauses, lets orders accumulate.
manipulation, distribution. Now, not every time will this give you a entry model or, hold on one second.
Not every time will this give you an entry model or a trade opportunity, but you can see that the market is always in one of these phases, whether it's consolidating, it's accumulating orders before manipulation and then expansion. As we distribute the orders that smart money is accumulated down here, they're going to be sound to the breakout buyers and pairing orders.
with orders that were left behind and inefficiencies oftentimes or above old highs and whatever the intention of smart money is. Now, it's important to not get too sucked up into the low timeframes. I just wanted to use the one minute to give an example because I've had people ask me, you know, there's no way you can say there's no way you can use this in the lower timeframes. There definitely is. And I'm starting to get a better eye for it. So that's what I wanted to share with you guys. But for instance, we have accumulation, manipulation, distribution.
we come down here we accumulate push up above all these highs into an order block distribution where are we going sell side liquidity i returned to optimal trade entry and then kind of price has just been chopping around but it returned to optimal trade entry then eventually went to sell side liquidity
Pretty crazy how crypto has just been sitting here while indices have been running fucking rampant. It's a great example of why I don't like trading crypto that much in the intraday. It's better to wait for the higher timeframe setups. Now, it's funny. If this actually makes it up here before futures close, I'll be a meme almost because this is what I wanted to wait for this morning to short. I wanted the price to come up above here into this order block to short, but did not get that.
So first off, to recap, we were correct on our initial Monday bias, but as far as getting back up in its imbalance, I was not correct there. So those that weren't here, I did say that I was anticipating a push-up into this before FOMC. We did not get that, so I was not correct there. We did have a bullish day that day, but you can see that we obviously did not. Now, price is 100% drawing towards this low. We didn't break it.
rallied away from it. So retail is going to look at this as support. This is going to get taken. So moving into the next week, we'll look for trade entries to take us down to that area. And after that, potentially, we might see some longs, but I think that we need to let that develop. It doesn't become a bullish bias just after we take that low. That does not mean you will not keep falling. Same goes for NQ.
So everything's drawing down to the lower end. The market maker sell model is completing. We have these small little consolidations. And then now we will see the last consolidation down under this low. That's what I'm looking for is price to draw down to these lows moving into the upcoming week. I'm not sure what kind of news we have on the economic calendar.
Oh, DXY, we also did not come to the imbalance I wanted. It seems like it's just on go mode. What I was anticipating was this kind of move, but I wanted us to dip into these inefficiencies before FOMC. So overall, the narrative was bearish, right? We did get that point on right. But just being transparent, I did want a move into this imbalance up here. We did not get that.
That's okay though. The overall bias as far as where price was going was correct. The weekly bias as far as the weekly candle was definitely correct. So for Bitcoin.
Still got two days to close here. Along the way you just said this, that SPY pumped at the end of the market, so crypto might pump. I mean, potentially. We did just take out a low here. We do have a lot of inefficiency up here. And crypto held up pretty damn strong today during that absolute shitshow. Actually, Bitcoin is coming where I wanted to short it earlier today. This is where I originally wanted to short Bitcoin. In the five minute, there was a fair value gap with equal highs front running it.
This is where you got that initial move to the downside from the morning with PMI. So there was definitely some kind of manipulation going on here. It's also optimal trade entry of the day.
So potential short opportunity, I'm not going to take it just because the time of day, it's the weekend. But if we start to, you know, you start to get lower timeframe market structure breaks to the downside with displacement, you could potentially frame sales down towards the sell side liquidity, all these lows. You know, again, you need lower timeframes to agree with that. Overall.
You know, going over Bitcoin and Ethereum, up here we had some SMT divergence. If you see, ETH made a higher high right into optimal trade entry. Just like we talked about in that infographic, see the midnight open was right here. Move up into a higher timeframe POI, which was this supply can almost tapped into it. Actually, I don't think it did.
I guess you could say this order block, but more or less what I was looking at was the optimal trade entry. And we have this higher high on Ethereum and no higher high on Bitcoin. So that's what you call this SMT divergence with crypto. So that would let us know that ETH was most likely a stop hunt. And obviously that was correct. So stop hunting to optimal trade entry, displacement to the downside. And the highest probability sell would have been here in the morning.
Why? Because it was the second leg down, right? So we have that first leg down, second leg down, liquidity front running the imbalance, dug right into this order block, and then rapidly expanded down with that PMI, or was it, yeah, PMI, I once said PPI. Now into this order block, and then we've seen this nasty little consolidation. So with Bitcoin, I mean, when I'm looking at the range, you know, on a one hour or 15 minute,
You know, we could potentially look at this as a liquidity rate down here, but until the structure or shift bearish, you know, I do think that was a liquidity rate, but where was, where are we going? You know, until we break above this high with force and don't see displacement of the downside following it, this is still going to be a bearish range for me.
Now that can change. I'm not saying it won't change. The daily, if we look at it, we've taken the low. We've got a massive imbalance in a premium of this recent impulse move. But we've got to be mindful that when we look at crypto, the massive move we've had.
We came right into a premium. Now, while there is tons of inefficiencies still at the fill, we by no means have cleaned out all inefficiencies. But we have came into a premium and rejected extremely hard. That shows the desire to move down and clean out all this outside liquidity here. So we're nearing this draw on liquidity, which is the $17,593 low.
And, you know, while there might be some relief longs, I would consider them lower probability since we are bearish in nature and we are closer to our sell side liquidity target. Because when we look at a range, we have to ask ourselves, you know, if we're bearish, we look for price to move impulsively away from a premium. I price three drive right into premium into equilibrium of the range and equilibrium of this fair value gap. I don't know if you can see it, but.
And once we have something like that happen, to me, there is no, you know, I mean, I'm not saying we won't go higher, right? That definitely could happen. But when I'm looking at this range, you know, we did tap into a premium. So we could say, you know, we've cleaned up some of these orders, moved expansively to the downside, right? Came up, mitigated fair value gap, expansion, sorry, excuse me, to the downside.
So when we have that kind of price action, I mean, I'm just looking for this low. There might be some longs. I'm not going to be trading all weekend.
Personally, I'd be short biased. And then when I look at the lower timeframe range, you know, okay, I think I already have a fib over here. We have this range here. The only form of liquidity that hasn't been taken from this range is this internal buy side liquidity right here at these highs, which, I mean, who knows? It could get taken. That would be the crypto thing to do. Just rail up, take the liquidity, and then move to the downside. You know, I could see that. But again, I mean, we've came up into a...
premium, just to get a better visual, mitigated these imbalances. One hour imbalance is filled. Actually, that was an ETH that had a one hour imbalance. God, Bitcoin didn't even have one. So we filled anything really, moved up into this order block here, and then we've shown the desire to go down. So to me, I'm looking at it like, okay, well, our external structure is bearish.
We're trading right into an order block in a fair value gap at optimal trade entry. The daily's bearish. We've got our daily draw on liquidity down here. I'm looking at this in the sense that this is our draw on liquidity from the 15-minute range because, again, we have a bearish range. We've mitigated liquidity above. SMT divergence between Ethereum. Expansion of the downside. This will be kind of a pivotal little point here. Seems like it's reacting fairly nice.
So that's kind of what I see for crypto. Now, it's going to be the weekend. We all know that weekend price action is, you know, at the least sporadic and volatile.
That's just, that's the way I see it. I think the buys are a little lower probability. They might be there. But I think that if you're trying to buy based on the narrative that, you know, we got to go up and fill this or got to go up and that's not the way I'm looking at it. That's just me personally. So I'm just asking some of these questions. So he said, how do I know when it's consolidation or distribution? Well, distribution is going to be expansion towards liquidity.
So distribution is kind of the expansion phase. I'm doing great, AJ. I hope you're doing good too. So he said, would you have taken right at fair value gap if it reached this morning? Are you talking about, I'm guessing you're talking about ES maybe or NQ?
I don't know, maybe if you're talking about this, yeah, I would have definitely, or no, I'm sorry. This was my dream the other day. I wanted that to happen. Now, this right here, I wouldn't have just immediately taken it. I would have waited for the lower timeframes to shift. For sure, I wouldn't have just taken it. But I always do that though. That's kind of like my strategy with indices is I wait for a lower timeframe market structural shift before I just enter.
All my entries on indices are either the one minute or the five minute. Oh, Bitcoin, I'm sorry. No, I wouldn't have done it there either. Again, I always wait for a confirmation entry. So for instance, if you see Bitcoin go like this, if it were to show a reaction and go to the downside, I would then look for something. But until then, there's nothing there for me. And this is why confirmations are important.
you're only anticipating there's going to be orders there. Who knows? It might blast to the heavens. I'm just anticipating that there might be some orders there, right? And even if there are orders there, we don't know if they're going to be large enough to cause an inefficiency in the supply and demand in order to create an expansion of price down towards liquidity. Another thing, too, to keep in mind is you are in a discount of the range, right?
DXY is looking like Bitcoin in 2020. It's wild, man. Next target would be 116 overall. Your next DXY target is before you were born. Yeah, it's crazy. There's a lot of young people in the chat and in this community in general. I see a ton of people that are like 18, 19, 17. It's like, holy shit, that's crazy. That's awesome, though. That's fucking awesome. I wish I started trading when I was that young.
But yeah, so really with crypto, the weekend, you know, always brings some pretty interesting price action. But, you know, if you start to move up above these levels and start to expand above this, you know, you don't just raid liquidity and expand to the downside. Well, then we can start to look at things in a more bullish narrative.
Oh, yes. Like when I look at Ethereum, yes, we are. We've came down to this imbalances. I think it's even a weekly imbalance. I see it. And we longed off of this narrative the other day. Right. But for one, I don't like trading weekends. And for two, the reaction to the FOMC to me was a buy side raid.
Right, it was a massive move up. It hit our profit target actually, which was this low or this low over here. One of these lows, I can't remember. I think it was, yeah, it was that one. All right, so we hit our profit target. We were in longs from right around, I think here, something like that. But as soon as it hit that target, right, it rated liquidity to the upside, mitigated that supply, and then it rushed to the downside. So that shows me that this is bearish.
And I'll look at it like that until it's not. I need to see a clear desire go higher, which for me, let's just say we come up here and pip that high. It's not enough for me because we could just come up above it, market maker sell down. But if we start to get above these highs up here,
start to show the desire to go higher, then yes, I will start to shift that bias. I could see a little pump though, just because of the way that indices are closing the day. Somebody said, how do I choose my bias for the day? So first off, I like to look at the daily chart and also the weekly. We have to kind of be...
aware of our highest timeframe range that we're using, which for me is going to be a weekly. So for instance, with the weekly here, we have a very bearish range. We came up and mitigated the liquidity, equal highs and imbalance and a premium and showed the desire to push down. So that tells me, we go from internal liquidity to external liquidity. So that tells me we're going to draw towards this low. What do we do? We draw towards that low. The only pump we had was the little pump up to the order block before CPI.
Now, I would anticipate there's going to be orders up in this candle. So the way I'm looking at this, let's say we come in on Monday and we're exactly where we are. I would anticipate a bearish day. The reason is we're just so close to this sell side liquidity right there. Because when I'm looking at the day or the daily chart and trying to anticipate the day, I'm going to say, what are we drawing towards? Well, I look at this low. There's a lot of stop losses there. Now, another thing we can do.
to help complement our bias is look at price action right after the New York Midnight. Did we manipulate to the upside or to the downside? So for example, here, you see New York Midnight, we came up during the London session. We got a five minute, I'll be a little clearer. Came up in the London session. This high was into a 15 minute fair value gap, took out that liquidity.
All right, and then we expanded to the downside so oftentimes The high of the day or the low of the day is going to be put in during the London session
So if we see, if our charts on the daily are telling us, look for lower, look down, right? We have liquidity below us. Then we can go into our intraday timeframes and see how is price being manipulated after the New York Midnight Open. If it's being manipulated to the upside, we're inducing buyers during the London session, inducing a false narrative in order to pair with the sell orders that are resting in this fair value gap. Then we expand to the downside.
So after you expand here, coming into the New York session, which is starting at 7 a.m., we see a retracement where? Into a premium. This is a five-minute fair value gap. Or wait, where was it? No, this is supposed to be up. I don't know why it's doing that. I was like, wait. Into that fair value gap. And yes, I know it's a tiny fair value gap, but you see that we got the reaction from it.
So it's all a matter of order pairing between the central banks and the large investors. We induce a false narrative to go long. Breakout buyers buy. Smart money sells to them. Price moves down. So expansively that inefficiencies are left. Price moves up, manipulates more breakout buyers. Smart money sells to them. Expansion. And so on. And that's, again, accumulation. So we can go again.
Accumulation, manipulation, distribution. Just like we went over here. And this is gonna be in a, this is a bearish example, but if you see here, look at that. We accumulate under that New York opening price or around it, move lower into a price delivery rate, like a fair value gap, and then expand. What happened right there? We accumulated near the New York open price, which is right here, that line.
Move higher then expand. Oh, I hope that helps with your finding your daily bias Seems like it wants these hides it would take these yet It's funny because I wanted this to happen. I put it in stock chat and play but I wanted this but I was way down here I was anticipating it what happened and I wanted to get into a cell but It did not
And I think that, by the way, I don't know if any of you guys watched that meeting. That was like the most lackluster, useless FOMC meeting I've ever seen that they considered high impact. Like it was literally, they just talked about, I mean, it was some interesting stuff talking about the logistics industry and a couple other things, but it was like, there was nothing of substance except basically saying like, yeah, the economy is different than it used to be. I was like, wow.
And I was watching crypto, and this is another great example I tweeted about this other day. I was like, so many people waste their talent by trying to trade just crypto. So it's a great example today. This kind of price action compared to this, right? What can you make more money off of? You're going to make more money off volatility. Yeah, overreaction for sure.
I tell people that all the time. Crypto is good, but this is the way I like to trade crypto is either for very quick scalps like this kind of stuff, and you've got to cover it quick, or for the higher time frame setups. If you guys have any coins you want me to do some TA on, let me know and I'll run it. That's pretty much all I had to go over for today. You can see, bro. Gotcha.
How you doing today, dog? Good one? Hell yeah. Fucking good. Just chilling, chilling. TJ, that's good to hear. How you doing? Can't complain, man. Hell yeah. Been watching No Cap. Been watching your previous streams and shit. And some ICT. Hell yeah. I hope that shit helps.
Oh, yeah. I'm on a nice little hot streak. I ain't gonna cut. Yeah, I saw you came back with a vengeance. Yeah, bro. I'm way more focused than ever. Next thing is getting funded. Trading breaks are the fucking best, bro. Literally, it's like so many people especially that trade. I see it so much in
crypto and forex kind of too but mainly because crypto is 24 7 so people like i know when i was new to trading all i wanted to do was trade so i said shit you were me and you literally would trade like like insane like just you know we'd be trading all the time like telepositions and we did did well but it's like i feel like you hinder your success over like the long-term success by doing that because you get burnt out and you start to like force things and
over trade and it's just like and also it's like if you do anything else other than trade in life whether it's professional or personal it can get in the way of that so it's like trading breaks are so good
Like trading messages, no cap, it can definitely get in the way of what you got going on outside of it. Even with like relationships and stuff like that. Hell yeah. It's straining, man. For sure. It's straining. 100%. With KNC though, like I said, one stress and burnouts, hop on Binance Futures. Yeah, that's for sure. Now, what I see here on the daily chart.
Potential I would probably consider all this a breaker on a different time frame maybe Something I potentially see because you did come down and you pip this these equal lows so What I could maybe see as if we start to see displacement to the upside
maybe return back up into this gap somewhere. I mean, I wouldn't take a long all that way. I would look at it more like, I mean, it is right at a premium. So, I mean, I would be, you know, taking it quicker if that happens. Now, if that did happen, I would take, be looking to sell down into this, these equal lows here. Or, you know, if we don't show strength because we're so close to, you know, the bottom here, and I don't really trade can see, I haven't looked at it in a long time, so I don't know how well it respects certain things. So,
You know, I mean, I think it'd be better personally to wait for the sell. But that's just me. But I could see, you know, we took this liquidity. Price may push up, then down or just total weakness and it moves to the downside. Liquidity to the downside is closer to. Yeah, those daily equal lows are just like ominously waiting for to get to get swept.
I mean, it's just like, fuck, bro. And you'll probably take this low if you go down that lower. And you're at that dollar psychological number. Yeah, so that's really, I mean, you guys know this is all I really watch. We said XRP back above. Let's see. I know that XRP back in this weekly fair value gap. So you could probably expect to see some form of retracement from here.
i think this was daily um to me this doesn't look like it's kind of i wouldn't be shorting this yet personally but um it's because we look you know move the upside impulse move i came into a discount not crazy reaction but um you know it's one of those uh
Where if I'm looking to short a higher timeframe reaction, like a weekly fair value gap, I'm not going to force that. Another thing that you need to take into account.
Really with XRP, and this is the, you know, the major range is this right here. Because nothing ever, you know, we never took either side of this. This is your major range, which is obviously very bullish. Now, I know this is going to sound weird to a lot of people. But if we look, I'm under equal lows right here. So now we've taken out.
And this is why I've been talking about it in chat a little bit. I think the XRP is the best weekly chart in crypto. We've taken out all liquidity except the external liquidity. So again, price moves from discount to premium to discount internal liquidity to premium external. Like now I'm not telling you I think that we're going to get a $2. I'm not telling you it won't.
But I am telling you that I don't think this is, you know, the highest probability sell based on a weekly chart. Now, if we go to like a daily and a four hour, I could see it a little bit more, but I wouldn't be trying to take it like down here to the depths, right?
Because when we look at different timeframes and we have these ranges, I know some people are like, oh, if that's the case, if you just look for a continuation, well, how does it ever end? Well, you use the higher timeframe. So for instance, if I'm looking at a daily to start going bullish, then I'm going to look for weekly areas where that's likely to happen. So what is a mitigation block and a rejection block? I really don't use mitigation blocks, but a rejection block would be something like,
This, the WIC that takes liquidity, like the final move. That's what, I don't really use those either. Let's say people call them fractal supply, but that's what it's taught as, what ICT teaches it as. It has to take liquidity. It's kind of where you reject from a price delivery. Again, I don't really use those. I'm more fair value gaps than anything.
A mitigation block, I don't use those at all. And also, I just now saw your old one. What are my rules for a valid order block? It needs to be the largest down or up candle before an expansion opposite of the direction of its close. So for instance, if we have a green candle before a massive move down, let's just say we have a couple green candles. And then we have this one.
I've got this one over here, right? Sorry, this is kind of ugly. Let's just make this a little bit better. So we have something like this, right? Then I'm gonna say that this candle is the order block because it's the largest institutional volume, the largest body, or the largest distance from its open to its close.
Because that tells us that there's more institutional volume within that. Because what an order block is, is just a false narrative being pushed where smart money pushes price up to induce retail traders to go long. Because retail traders always go with the flow and they watch price action and they buy the pumps, they get excited. So price moves up, people buy, buy, buy, buy. But smart money is selling to them all up, right? They're sniping those limits. I'm sorry, sniping those orders.
They're providing liquidity, right? And then price expands to the downside once there is an inefficiency of supply and demand. And you're welcome, Conan. That DXY is crazy, man. It's never stopping. Yeah, ETH is the chop city today. And this is exactly why. I don't really like to day trade crypto. I just think it's such a fucking waste of time.
Again, I think it's better to trade the higher timeframe setups. I mean, you can get good setups. I'm not saying you can't. There was actually, like for instance, today and yesterday, if you have a modest opinion, there were better setups on crypto. I don't want to say better, but easier setups on crypto than there were indices. For instance, price ended a fair value gap here. We're looking at this in the perspective. Let's go to Ethereum and be a little cleaner. The perspective, I'm going to close all this, of a market maker.
Sell model, we have consolidation, consolidation, consolidation, first leg down right there, and then the second leg down. That's going to be your highest probability trade entry. It's a fair value gap. So theoretically, trading a 50-minute, one could have just traded right here and targeted the next little low. That would have been a very satisfying trade. Now, that would have been a... But the thing is, though, with...
crypto intraday, I just, with my broker, my spreads, I don't see the value. And because for instance, for me, this would have been something like this. It's still good, but you can see it cuts the profits literally in half. So it's kind of like, I don't know. It's just for me, it's just not really worth it. And on top of that, like this was a clean setup, but we don't really get those all the time. Sorry, I got a text from now.
We know the model we talked about with NASDAQ and S&P is as much more apparent. It's almost every day. So I just highly encourage people to stop just watching crypto all the time. And I came from trading crypto. So, you know, I understand it, but I just see so many people just always wanting to watch crypto. So you said you're down 2.5% on a $5,000 challenge. Do I have any tips for people trying to get funded? Yeah. So you're fine. First off, you'll be fine.
The first phase of my challenge, I went down about the same, so you're fine. Now, what I would recommend is, I don't know if you've read Trading in the Zone before.
I know you're on a time limit with the challenge, probably less than 30 days, so it's not really a good time to order it, but I would really start to familiarize yourself with the perspective of trading as a casino, but you're the house. Now, a lot of you are going to be taken off by that. Now, I'm not saying trading is gambling. I'm saying, as I said, the house. So think about it like this. When a blackjack dealer deals a hand of cards,
it doesn't think of the last hand it dealt whether the dealer won or lost they deal the same every single time because they know that the odds are in their favor
So, I think that it's extremely important as any kind of trader, not just a funded trader, but any kind of trader, to have a system that you are genuinely confident in. And when I say that, I mean you have data or proven profitability using a very strict, consistent entry model. For instance, for me, I look for rates of liquidity intraday on indices, and I use the one minute to confirm them.
I enter and I target opposing liquidity. If I am trading pro bias, I target external liquidity. If I'm trading against my bias, I risk half and I target internal liquidity. So I have a very, very specific model that I know works. So when I take a loss, it sucks. I don't like losing, but I know at the end of the day that I'm going to be profitable. So just because you're down 2.5% doesn't necessarily mean
you're screwed, right? Let's say if you have a trade model where you have a 50% win rate, or we'll say this, we'll say a 40% win rate, and you have an average 4R. Well, you're going to end up taking some losses sometimes. You might take, if you have a 40% win rate, theoretically, you could take six losses in a row.
You know, we think of trading as a game of probabilities. So you have to remember that the only way the odds stay in your favor and your probabilities are aligned is if you execute relentlessly also while staying patient and only executing when your model is there.
So let's just say you get scared because right now where you're at, you are in a drawdown. You're on a challenge. You're on a time limit. You've been saved. You saved up some money to do this. Maybe you just pitched. I don't know how much.
How many factors are pushing and pressuring you? Maybe you look at it like, okay, this is my way out. Whatever you're doing or whatever motivated you to get that challenge is also going to, if you let it, is also going to be your downfall in the sense that it's going to put psychological stresses on you. And you're going to start straying from your, I don't want to say you're going to, but a lot of people.
They start straying from their model, and they start to do things that they don't do, and they start acting out of character, and then they ruin their probability. So their 40% win rate, let's just say you're scared because you're in a drawdown, and your model appears, and you don't take it. Well, what if that was out of 10 trades, and let's say you take six,
and you lose all of them, but you have a 40% win rate. So that next one should be your win, and you just don't take it because you're scared, right? Then you've now missed a win, and now you're self-sabotaging yourself, and then you go out and you trade something outside of your model, right? So this is the death cycle that people get in when they're trading, is they start to think more emotionally, and it's reasonable because it's the human thing to do.
That's why algorithms run the markets because human emotion always will conflict your strategy if you let it. So my advice would be...
If you don't have a model that's very direct and you know that it's profitable, I think that it is harder to become funded because of that psychological weight against you. Because I'll tell you right now, and you know it, the funded psychology is much, much different than regular trading. It's much more difficult because, you know, this is...
For me, it was a very long-term goal for me. I looked at it as a very good source of income, and I'm just a competitive person, especially myself, so I didn't want to fucking lose. So it was a lot of pressure, right? And you have to be aware of that and not let it destroy you. So I hope that helped. I know that's a really long answer, but I know you're probably going through it a little bit, but just remember, you're fine. You've made it this far.
Just stay at it. And also, let go of the fear of failing the challenge. If that's like an ominous doom that's looming over you, that's going to cause problems too. Yeah, it's such a meme. Spy, literally. Everybody's like, support. That'd be hilarious if this just rallied all the way.
Something you could watch on or keep an eye on would be this up here if we start to rally. But I think that we'll draw down to that. What's Bitcoin end up doing? So this, for instance, in this example, I would say this is the order block here. Nice little reaction. It's also setting an optimal trade into these three blue lines are. So no, for me...
I mean, one could attempt to use that as a market structure shift. I wouldn't. Let's see how it goes. I wouldn't use that though. I would want it to break down a displacement from here. And even then, the thing is too, a lot of the times whenever you have, let's just say this kind of model, and this is why the market maker model can help you a lot, is for instance, let's say if you do come down under this low, well, you just went right into a fair value gap.
right under an old load. So you could very well see a move down and then you've left the fair value gap and you short and maybe it comes up, cleans everything out, right? Now, sometimes it won't happen. Sometimes it does. A lot of times it does. So for instance, what I like to see whenever I'm looking at a POI or some form of possible entry area, I like to see we've gotten one consolidation.
And then that stop hunt, right? So ideally, I like that stop hunt. And you might see, let's, for instance, like if you said, if this was the first leg down right there, it's got that break of structure, shift in market structure, I should say. I don't want to confuse people. And then another violent leg down and close down here, the fair value gap, then that would be more optimal. But for me, I wouldn't take it just because of the time of day. It's 5 p.m. on a Friday. It's not in session.
And you're welcome. No problem. I wish you the best of luck on your challenge I'm gonna have this would be great if we just chilled right here. Oh my god, that'd be so fucking perfect for Monday Because most likely we'd be able to come into the market with a little bit of a cleaner bias for instance
No bullshit. I really didn't feel any I promise I know people so I told something they're like, yeah, okay But I really didn't you can ask some of my closer friends. Um, I don't know if you're in the discord you can ask mainland I didn't make it public I was taking it because I just don't I already have enough eyes on me while I'm trading I don't want to have that many walls taking a challenge or aware of it and then everybody's asking you about it But I only I took one and I was blessed. So for instance, I
Okay, so this is how my challenge went. I was down right about where you're at. It was like... I think it was actually 2%. No, it was... Okay, so I was at 292. So I was actually a little more down because it was...
300k and I was risking 3k per on the first challenge. Now, in Playbit, we actually signaled these longs too. So we came down here and I watched this little fair value gap down here. It's like 19.820 or something was the entry. We got in this in Playbit. Those that were in here then can vouch here. I'll actually just find it so people don't say I'm bullshitting. So people are always going to say that.
People on Twitter hating. How the fuck do I get out of this? No, it's the opposite way. Oh, okay, here. What was the dates right there? It was like 31st of August, somewhere around there. I think it was in the old channel, so it was member TA. And I think I can do like another before, we'll say September 1st. This is...
Alright, no, it was the old channel. It wasn't the channel then. Sorry. No, that's right. That's the NFT channel. It's funny when we caught Sinner because of shitcoin and we're pretty crazy. That's funny. So let me go back to this. Sorry, guys. Was it not? Because we just changed channels. Either way, I have it on Twitter. I know that because now I have to show you guys because I was thinking of how to find it. Oh, actually, I know how I do it.
I'll get it on YouTube because I have a short of it. Just so you guys can see. There's this right here. So I can't zoom in. You can see, I know you can't really see all the pictures, but I can't see the date on this tweet. Anyways, what does it say? Looks interesting. So I'm going to see if I can search this. If you can find it like that. There we go. It's where we called this level originally. Down under that level, the previous weekly low.
So you see, this is the four hour chart. We'll go back again so you can see it. But it was over here. And whenever we caught that, I gave an entry in Playbit that was, I have to go way back now. It was right around this area right here, somewhere in here.
Sorry, the stop loss was down here. It's like under that 20,000 mark. But what's funny is I ended up having, I had a one minute entry and I had like a 40 Bitcoin long and I closed most of it. This was our target. I closed most of it right there. I left a runner and that shit literally just passed my challenge, the phase one. But then the phase two, I only risked half a percent and I traded a lot of gold and Bitcoin liquidity rates. That was like all I'd trade in the S&P too.
Lately, though, on my funded, I've really been focusing on the NASDAQ because I've been much more consistent on the narrative with the NASDAQ. And I think that switching to only watching, I watch these pairs, but I really am watching the NASDAQ. Like when I sit down at my desk, I'm looking around, like I said, for crypto, like today I traded some ETH, not this short right here. I took a sell over here, held it all day and then sold like right here.
such a chop but um now with uh looks like honestly once if it'll start breaking to the downside here i'm gonna be saying what's gonna be funny is if it does decide to dump because i have to close so the reason i closed i was my overall target was down really the range lows but
I closed before because MFF, my funding, the firm that I trade for, they closed the doors at 5 p.m. So theoretically, if you just hold a trade all weekend, you're just going to get filled on Sunday night wherever eats at. So that could mean it's like literally liquor Lambo. So I said, fuck that. Also, I'm glad that you like the content, man. Yeah, that's really about it for today. So if you guys have any questions, go ahead and ask them. If not, I'm going to hop off here.
I encourage you guys to definitely get out, enjoy some, get on some, touch some grass, get some sunlight. No need to just...
bleach yourself with charts all weekend. If you must do anything, just study. But again, those of you who are new, I never recommend trading on the weekends. Because here's the thing with me. If you're trading smart money, it's like so fucking redundant. There's no institutions that are really active, right? Yes, there are algorithms running. Yes, I'm sure there are whales trading. I'm not saying there's not. Obviously, there are, right?
the multitude of liquidity is available Monday through Friday. So if we're trading based off liquidity concepts, let's trade when there's liquidity, right? That's just my two cents on it. And I think that it also, like I was saying earlier with crypto, it can inspire bad habits because for instance, like I know the times that I've done, like one of my best weeks I've had in a really, really long time was last week. I took three trades.
I sat there and watched it most of the time, Monday through Friday. Not Friday, but Monday through Thursday, I watched it. I only took three trades, and the best week I've had in a while. But I don't sit there and zombie over all weekend. Less is more with trading.
I said, what was the thing that motivated me to keep going? I'm just, I just, I don't, whenever I want to do something, I'm like pretty obsessive about it. So I guess that's the best way to put it. And plus I like money. What's Bitcoin doing? Oh yeah, there we go. Honestly, it looks like that little zone right there was a nice opportunity.
Dude, I'm gonna be so Irritated if no, I don't really care but it's funny because I literally held this I got in like right and this optimal trade enter here at this first range this morning I got in a short when it came up here as soon as this broke I just entered and then
my uh stop loss was like right here i wouldn't have gotten stuff if it just dumps from here i'm gonna laugh because the only reason i cut i cut like somewhere in here should have cut down here but i cut like somewhere right in this area because it was i knew it was getting up close to that last hour yeah people say money can't buy happiness i mean
I'm happy regardless. It's not because I'm chasing it to be happy, but I definitely want... I'm grateful for what I have, but I'm always looking to generate more. I got a kid. I got people I take care of.
Plus, I like I like the nicer things. So I think that you deserve it if you really because this this profession is fucking ruthless. It's savage. Like people around you will tell you like you're stupid for doing it. They'll think you're like a gambler. People are not going to support it a lot of the time. If you have something that supports it, don't let them go or be thankful of them if it's family. And, you know, so if you if you make it to where you want to be and you end up getting funded.
And you really work at it. Odds are you fucking sacrificed a lot. So you deserve to fucking have nice things. It's like I was talking to something. They're like, fuck that. Pigs get slaughtered. And it's like, I mean, yeah, if you trade off of greed, but like it's not greedy to want to trade for more money. Because I was talking to somebody recently, like a family member, and they were asking me, I was telling them about the funding. They're like, why would you go for the 300K? And I'm just like, well, I mean.
At that point, I didn't have a reason not to. So they're like, that's just greedy. And I was like, I mean, not really. It's just, I don't know. But on that note, all you said is ICT order blocks, same as other smart money concepts teachers such as Vertex. I have no idea who Vertex is, but I would go ahead and say no, because a lot of there's supply candles and there's order blocks. And I think they're different.
Man, I'm gonna be so sad if he just dies, because I would have never gotten stopped. I think it'll probably clean out the stop loss I had anyways, though. That'd be such a fucking meme, dude. Just goes all the way to my target immediately. So there you go. Your parents think trading is gambling because you've blown accounts. Hey, look, don't get me wrong, I didn't fail funded, but I've blown the fuck out of some accounts. I'll tell you that right now. When I first started trading, oh yeah, I blew accounts. I have no problem telling you that either.
I feel like anybody who says they've never blown an account, I'm sorry. I just have a hard time believing you. Even if it wasn't like a massive account, I'm not saying you liquidated your life or something, but you probably liquidated an account, whether it was $1,000 or a lot more than that. Anyways.
On that note, I'm going to hop off here. Those of you that are in the private Discord, we got class tomorrow. We're going to continue the time efficiency series. For those of you just watched on YouTube, if you want, go ahead and start a free trial. The link is in the description. Use code CASPER, all caps. You can get a free trial and join us for the class tomorrow and see what we're all about. If not, I will see the rest of you guys on Monday and see everybody in Playbit tomorrow. Enjoy the weekend. Peace.
