What's up? What's up? Give everybody a second to get in here. First, what I want to go over is this morning setup on ES. And what's up? Morning, Hunter. Hope you're doing well. Go ahead and get all my chats pulled up so I can see. This is yesterday's equal highs we were talking about over here. Go to one hour first. So just like we went over yesterday, we come into the morning session on indices.
You just want to look for where's the liquidity at, right? What's your daily bias? When we established yesterday, our daily bias was that we had an imbalance in a premium of the impulse move. Price had removed liquidity and discount of the impulse move. We can obviously see, you know, as of yesterday, the impulse move was over. So when we have something like that occur, that's when you switch your daily bias, you know, because over here,
We came up above these equal highs. The impulse move ended. We had a price delivery array in a discount while price sat in a premium. But then our bias was bearish. This is how you just kind of switch it up and determine how do you think this day is going to close. Also, what's up to everybody?
Adaliki, what's up? GBPUSD long. I'll look at it here in a second.
What's up, Fullport Shorts, and I appreciate the congrats on the funded. I'm pretty happy about it myself, so I really appreciate all the wishes. It's pretty dope to see how many people hit me up on Twitter or DM me or hit me up on Discord. Between all that, I'd say it was a lot. I don't even know. It was crazy. It was way more than I expected, so I appreciate the fuck out of you guys. Okay, so that's for GU. Hello, Luca, and what's up, Easy?
We're looking at ES or anything. No, this isn't just ES. This is how you develop your bias intraday as to what you're looking for. Am I coming into the market looking for a sell or a buy?
Once you develop an understanding of how price works and that it's just bouncing from one area of liquidity to the next, you'll be able to position yourselves to catch those moves much more efficiently. So in this example, again, we came down, we took out liquidity, failed an imbalance. Now we're in a discount with an imbalance and a premium.
So that would give you a bullish bias for the day. You think this daily candle is going to close higher than the last one or higher than it opened, should I say. So when we come in, usually I use the 15 minute. Let's just rewind this to about 8.30 candle. So you should be at your desk if you're trading. And it says you should be here by now. Now, does it take an hour to find the setup? No. But I think that you need to disconnect from, you know,
Anything that is where you're not focused.
And make sure if you're going to trade indices, just be here, be ready. You know, just make like a job. And that's the cool thing about indices, especially a lot of you coming from crypto. You know, crypto is like, oh, it's 7.30 p.m. and I'm at dinner with my girl and my alert hit. You know, indices, you're going to have a pretty time efficient day if all you trade is indices because you're going to, you know, most of the time you're going to be done by 11 a.m.
And you don't need more than one trade a day to be a very profitable trader. So when we're looking at the morning price action, you want to determine what stands out to you. Where do you think a lot of stop losses are? And where do you think institutional orders are residing? So if we look at ES, you could say here, there's some stop losses, but look, that's already been removed. We're looking at stuff that's going to be potentially removed after.
The morning has started and that means after 9 30 a.m. After the equity markets open. Oh Yeah, you could say okay. We've got an order block here
And that's not necessarily wrong, but remember, we're looking for a liquidity rate. Now, while we could say, okay, well, this liquidity is being rated into this order box, you can't really say that because this liquidity has already been removed. So that's not going to be able to show you the intention of the market makers because we haven't even opened up yet. The retail liquidity is not really available, so to speak. So with that being said, we have a lot of equal lows here.
So a lot of bulls that FOMO'd in, you know, here or even worse here, they're looking at this as their closest line of support. This is where, okay, if we break this, I'm going to get out and I'm going to get in the shore because we're breaking down and I want to sell at that point. So once you can identify an area where that mindset is taking place by the masses, you then want to look around it.
where the institutional orders are residing. Can't talk, right? And the one hour is even clearer. And you can kind of move around, right? And you could say, okay, here's the one hour imbalance. See, it's a little smaller. You could mark the 15 minute, whatever you want to do. And again, if you're playing order blocks, look, there's a big order block right here, right before a massive move. Or you could say that this is your order block if you wanted, the equilibrium of it since it's a larger candle.
So then, or the five minutes to watch the price action. Then, you know, once you've established that, okay, I think the day is going to go higher. Today should go up. So I'm going to look for a potential area where market makers want to stack longs and how they're going to do it. What liquidity are they going to rate to do it? That would be right here for me. So we'll say, what time is this now?
Right, first candle, 930. As soon as that liquidity is available, as soon as all of the orders that have been preset, so to speak, or as long as the orders are able to be executed, price goes immediately into this liquidity pool. Under these lows, into this rare value gap. Again, you could use these order boxes if you want. We have the mean threshold here. So once you see that,
it's pretty much off the races but you know we look for on the one minute how are we going to enter this because it's not a great idea to just enter blindly and when i say blindly i mean like a risk entry like setting this right here i mean it worked obviously all right you could say it worked however you wanted to target you know you could have targeted just this imbalance whatever you wanted to do it worked great trade if you did that
but you know, you don't, it's not going to be as consistent. So what we want to do is we want to come into those low timeframes and look right here, right here. Oh, the first time you see the market really show a little bit of a desire to go higher. And it kind of came down into it. Price moved around a little bit, shifted market structure right there. So you can check that off your list. You got that or value gap. Would it look something like this?
Now, where your stop loss was, it's up to you. You could have put it there. For this one, I probably would have put it right here on this candle. Do you see a clear little high, low, high, low, right? That, to me, would have been the good stop. Now, where could you have targeted it? Well, I've got a lot of questions on, you know, if you wanted, you could just take it right there if you're cool with that. You know, obviously, you left a lot of money on the table.
But I always recommend looking at the impulse move of the morning if it's large But in this say this case, it's really not, you know, that's the impulse move down into it So, you know, you could cover some here and take some take some off But if we think this day is gonna go higher Then in my opinion, I'm gonna look for higher liquidity So you can go back and you can mark out
areas such as previous daily high, which actually I think we might have already been above that. Let's see in this scenario. You're already above that. So that wouldn't work. So you can't use the previous daily high. So you're just going to have to use intraday liquidity. So personally, I probably would have said out at these highs all the way right there. That's just me. But I see you could have targeted, you know, really this order block if you wanted.
Would have been a good target. And another strategy too that we spoke of, I've seen pretty good success whenever your daily bias is correct, which means that that overall framework, you're on point with it, then a lot of times holding this trade into the New York lunch isn't a bad idea as far as part of the trade. I don't recommend all of it.
But you know if you're out pretty decently At these levels or whatever levels you specified then
you know, you're de-risk. There's no hurt in maybe leaving a little bit running through the day because again, we're thinking the day is going to go higher. Usually the move of indices, there are reversal days, of course, where it moves up and then after lunch it reverses. But usually, as we know, most of the market is continuations and that goes for almost all timeframes. If we have a bullish morning session, a lot of times you're going to have a bullish afternoon session. It may not be as crazy, usually isn't, but that is how you can capitalize off of that.
Let me look at some of these questions. Also, thank you guys for all the congrats. I appreciate it again. What's up, Xavier? What's up, Jefe? What technical analysis rules and setups do I look for? Mainly liquidity rates. So I usually look for stuff just like we went over. Somebody said Adam. So I'm going to do GBPUSD first. I want to see. What did you say? Tap into order block. I have a five-minute break of structure waiting for pullback.
Yeah, the GU's been moving super clean. I mean, if you're using internal structure, that broke right there, but barely. This is kind of one of those where it's like, if you're using just Wix, you know, the entry was right here. So it came up, immediately went back down to this order block.
That's if you're using internal structure to now add there's no displays from there I can't say I would have taken it But I do see the high got taken immediately came back down into this big-bodied candle that took liquidity So that was a new order block that was introduced in order to push price into the higher time frame order block and you see like at this time You know, okay. Well broke. Okay. Well, this is my last candle, you know, you would have said something like bam You're immediately tagged in and you see how fast that happens And yeah, I guess what what were you targeting?
Yeah, let's see the 15-minute. There's really nothing to target in this area in here. I mean, there's no imbalances, so I'd probably just take it to these highs right here. Left the runner if you really thought it was going to go farther. I think it might have already hit this. No, close though. That's how the supply and demand entry model would have went. Now, if you're talking about a liquidity raid,
I really don't necessarily see that model this morning. Well, I mean, if you look at it like fair value gap entry, so here deleting all this, then something that you could mark this up as your fair value gap. Once price came into that area, you just look for that one minute display, some break of structure. Got that right here. Look for a fair value gap. So they're both very similar entries.
That's how I would have attacked that, right, if I was trading at this entry right here. Can I teach you market structure break? Sure. It's pretty simple. So whenever we're looking at price, we just have simple market structure, right?
When we're talking about market structure, we've got basically a series of highs and lows. So, you know, are you bullish or are you bearish? Are you making higher highs or higher or lower? Sorry. Are you making higher highs and higher lows or lower highs and lower lows? So we're looking over here. You have a series of lower lows and lower highs.
until you don't, right? You break out right here. So that would be called a market structure break when you take out the high. Well, it'd be called a change of character. Depending on how you really go about it, there's so many terms people have changed to try to make it different or market structure break, shift in market structure. I've seen people use both of those interchangeable. To me, a market structure break is really just any break of internal structure. So any high or low getting taken.
Um, usually people use them to confirm entries. How much was I risking each trade from my funded account and congrats for passing it? I was only risking 0.5%, but to be honest, if I would have, I don't want to encourage risking money. 1% is not degen at all. If I was risking 1%, I would have had it done the first freaking two days. So I'm not encouraging that, but I did think back and I was like, damn, like you should have just risked. Cause I,
risking the half percent, that's what I'm going to do with my live, but the test, it's almost better in my opinion if you're confident and you know you have an edge than to risk 1%. I was just trying to be responsible, but I looked at it like, damn, I could have been done a lot quicker. There's a good eye on this order block though because when I'm looking around, there's not really much there as far as an imbalance goes.
you might you can this would be ideal too but i wouldn't just wait around just for it because you know we're looking at institutional order flow you know we know that they entered here price came down their orders got filled so then what price accumulated expanded left this gap price came down orders got filled i said hi can i talk a little bit about differentiating a between a sweep and a break of structure one quick way is a closure so for instance
Right here. Oh, he didn't close. Now this is just this time frame. See how he didn't close on the one hour. So you could say that this was a liquidity. A sweep is just grabbing liquidity, a liquidity raid, whatever you want to call it. That's just what that's what that is. It's going for stops. So right here you see price hit it, but it failed to stay above it. So this one hour candle structure we see here is a wick. But if we go down to a five minute structure, what we're seeing is breakdowns.
and breaks of structure, so to speak. One minute will show it even clearer for that 15-minute high. This is how you would confirm it. So, you know, you have these big candles coming down, taking out that low. Fair value gap right there. Would have been kind of a rocky trade here. But, you know, as long as you put your stops above the high, you would have been good. Would have taken a little while. That's how I would differentiate between a sweep and a break of structure.
So I want to go over Bitcoin. We got stopped at a breakeven on this trade. I think it was in the middle. Yeah, it was like in the middle of the night. But I still like the idea. There is a lot of news today. Some of you may have not moved your stops to breakeven. I don't know, but I did. And I told people I did in the Discord. I'll show you. Where is it? Yeah, I know some people didn't. But I also want to go over GMT, too.
Honestly, probably could have left the stops, but to me, I'm fine with taking a break even on a volatile news day. I don't care. Whatever. If it goes without me, it goes without me. I catch the move on the way back up. Let me move this over so it's not cluttering me.
But I didn't take any profits on this. I was just going to hold till fulls. Some of you may have. I don't know. Got a nice little pot, but nothing crazy. Nothing to write home about. GMT kind of just teetering around our entry. But I still like the setup overall. It's kind of weird how inverse a lot of other cryptos this looks right now, in my opinion. And see, this is what I want Bitcoin to do.
I want Bitcoin to come down and take out all these lows followed with displacement breaks of structure. That's what I want. But in order to do that, Bitcoin's got to fall a good little bit. So hopefully it doesn't take this with it. I just am going off the TA of this trade. The only other area I could see it going to is like down there, but not really. I'm super interested in it.
So what's CHC doing out of leaky? Oh, it's starting. It looks like it's starting to come down. I'm going to get rid of all this fucking TA. It's too much, my screen. Maybe, okay. This high. So we finally came up above this high. We rated down like in the four hour.
But no no internal break of structure yet on a four-hour I mean, I guess if you use this low, but I wouldn't personally so You know this could just pull back down into a discount maybe somewhere into this area
And then continue the upside. The daily, though, let's look at that. Yeah, it's a daily imbalance as well. I don't know. I think this could remain bullish. I mean, there's nothing that indicates to me that this is ready for swings for shorts yet. I mean, that can all change if it just blasts through that and breaks down. But I really want to, before I want to swing this, I want to wait until it's really ready for it. Because this is not what I'm going to day trade. I'm going to set alerts.
for this candle right there maybe catch a little counter trend trade but i wouldn't take it farther than this low there's gonna be a lot of sell side liquidity under that though it could just go for what i would ideally want is it to completely fill this imbalance before kind of coming up maybe make an inducement high then come up give us our trade signal
Still developing there, but I like it. It's seeming more and more ready for sales. I like this kind of movement more than I like this over here. At the GBPUSD you showed, why didn't you use the obvious high? Well, if you're using supply and demand entries, then you just got to look for, you're very mechanical, so to speak. I mean, this was the obvious high, in my opinion.
So low, high, low, takes a high.
that's the way i would have done it but i can you know see like okay well that's you know it's one tenth of a pip i think above like literally one's one eight one one seven one's one eight one one eight so you know don't beat up your beat yourself up for not taking that i don't i can't say whether or not i would have i haven't been trading supply and demand as much recently but you know theoretically if you're looking at it from you know if you require displacement you probably wouldn't have taken it but if you're just looking for that break
of structure enter on that i mean in hindsight it's easy to have 2020 so don't don't be like oh i should have seen that you know there's always trades that you're not gonna take or not gonna see you know so i said but i didn't see him m1 pullback well here's a tip too well um here's the m1 pullback actually it was here so you got it so the m1 switched bearish right there
And switch to bullish again. And you would have had this whole, depending on what you used, if you used this down candle, you got left. But if you used the whole little buy to sell range, which would have been this, that would have been that same order block we were talking about. Or no, actually it's different. But it would have been a similar entry. Oh no, it would have been the same pretty much. Or no, no, no, sorry. My mind's not, this was it. It would have been a little bit later, but same risk profile.
But again, in hindsight, you know, everybody's going to say, you know, I'm not trying to tell you this like, oh, here's the easy entry. Here's what you should have done. I'm just saying like, that's what I see happened. I can't even tell you if I would have taken it. You know what I mean? Sad to use a down candle. The last one maybe here. So when I say, hey, I'm asking for SPX shorts. Let's just take a look.
I'll just be honest because I'm actually not going to be trading anything except crypto because I have a little bit on my Binance. But as far as indices and forex, I'm going to be done until Monday after I hit that. I just want to take the week off. But let's see. Yeah, I mean, this is that target I was talking about. Came up above those equal highs. Come up above this. Left more buy side liquidity. Oops, wrong thing.
There we go. So that's something to keep in mind if it sustains that. So what I would look for here is we have our impulse move of the morning. And you want to see, okay, well, you've got something going right there. I always look right around equilibrium. You could say that's one hour order block, whatever you wanted to use. I would just really watch for, if you're in a short, I mean, I think that you'd be covering around here, in my opinion.
Could go lower for sure, but don't get induced. I mean, if you have a model that presents itself and it's there, take it. But I would be watching price in here. Because look, you got this five-hour order block right at the end of that 15-minute fair value gap in a discount. You know, we got that displacement break of structure right here, or right here, actually. But price seems to be, and it's preserving liquidity above.
So, you know, if price comes down here and reverses, so it does this number, you know, you could probably look for all this. But just be careful if you're shorting it. Probably wasn't my honest opinion, but...
Just to me, like, I mean, there was an entry for sure. I mean, if you took it, you could say, okay, well, here is the thing taken at this place when I guess all the way down here. I wouldn't have taken it, but that last little fair value gap gave an entry. But then it's like, you know, for me.
I would want at least like that was really the most recent high. And then, you know, somewhere in here, I mean, I guess actually the restore is not terrible, but it's just counter daily bias. It's not really the time of day. I think that's just forcing a trade because there wasn't one taken in the morning because it could easily continue. But if your model presents itself and it's there, don't, you know, don't let me shake you out if I don't want to fuck anybody's bias up. That's just the way I look at it.
I wanted to look, I want to actually just go through, because I've been wanting to do this for a while. I keep forgetting. Just go through a big, or not Bitcoin, crypto. Scott, I'm like a fucking boomer now. I've been trading on, trading Forex too long. I want to go through some crypto daily charts and just see if I can see anything that's like really appealing. Oh yeah, actually, I'm sorry. Somebody asked about Adam earlier. Well, we took out the target. We've been talking about this for a while. That's good. So we took out the highs.
Yeah, that's awesome. I honestly was curious if it would play out, but we talked about this a while ago. I'm sure some of you were here. We took out our equal highs. I need to start setting more alerts. But now we're above this area.
So you could see potential reversals. I mean, it looks bullish as can be to me. It looks like when price is compressing back down, it's just kind of like moving, moseying on its way down to equilibrium and then starts to move off of it. That just tells me the bullish order flow is still in play. I think it's too early to say that for sure, but that's what I would lean towards. You are getting into that reversal point, though. You've got this weekly imbalance. There's going to be orders remaining there for sure.
It's the one that pushed us back down into this order block. I think that order block is going to be pretty close to equilibrium of this. I'm actually curious. It's actually right on the dot. It's at that level. I would keep an eye on that just because of how odd that is. I want to see what the action is. This is 067, 077. I was actually just kind of curious. I would keep a level around that area. Let's see what else is there. This is whatever. It's just kind of interesting to me.
I've got another little four about our notes. I mean, no, it's not out there. I don't know. Maybe there's nothing else interesting, but I would watch, you know, four reversals. It hasn't really given signs just yet, but you're above that area. So, you know, Adam sells may be a thing in the near future. Go ahead and there we go.
you guys have any specific coins you think that as far as crypto that looks good let me know because i want to kind of start looking at more more cryptos on the higher time frames and because i've been looking back and i'm like damn i could have caught a bunch of swings i've just been focused on everything else said at least i didn't say bitcoins this time yeah i can't believe i said that the other day i was like what the uh blz somebody said usdt let's look at usdt dominance that's actually a good idea
Did I play any setups? This is Braden from the Discord. Did I play any setups at indices this morning? No, I didn't. I was just showing you guys. Actually, Haas, who's in the chat on Discord, is the one who sent me. What is this right here? What is that? Is that like a... Hold on. I want to show this to... Somebody just sent me this on Discord. I guess you can put your favorite currencies right here. Is that what that is? Must know. Okay, I guess I need to set the...
So, honestly, that on USDT D, I'm just going to call it USDT dominance, but that is, in my opinion, bullish order for in the weekly. So, when we're looking, we identify where is the liquidity available? It's going to be under this low in this gap. It's the first area, at least, because after we've gone through this, right here, this level, there's no...
There's really nothing else except these lows and this imbalance or these imbalances down here. But we see that reaction off of that. As soon as we get under that low, price starts to push up. So right now, buy side liquidity is up there at above 10%. Now I know this is a percentage. I'm just still going to chart how I chart everything because it tends to work pretty well. If we're looking at the daily chart, hit that imbalance right there.
And now the impulse move is over. I'll just mark all this. And you've got a imbalance right there. So what I would say is price is now coming back down to fill the orders in this area right here. I'm actually going to set an alert for this. Got some equal highs up there too.
Oh, it's in the top right of my chart. I don't see it on mine though. Maybe it's because I have a full screen. Is there a setting for it? Am I trading? Have you said updated? I don't know. I upgraded recently to the higher one so I could have data for seconds time frames. Is there anywhere that has futures for USDTD? That would be fun. That would be fun as fuck. I like this idea though.
This will take a while to play out, so don't get freaked out and say, oh, crypto's crashing. But I think we all kind of are in congruence with the idea that Bitcoin's probably not going to all-time highs anytime soon. Holy shit. BLZ. So I'm going to do... Just make sure I'm doing an order. BLZ, then ruin an OP.
So BLZ, honestly, I think we'd like this a couple times. To me, I wouldn't touch this shit. That's just me. But I'll do the TA on it. It's just like, you know, it's really, it's hard to make much sense of, in my opinion. It's just almost like a scam pump and dump coin. I'm kind of surprised that this is even on exchanges still, but I guess I'm really not. So let's see what we have down here.
Oh my gosh. It seems like the weekly's drawing up here, but in this scenario, it seemed like the weekly was drawing up there and so forth. But we could be generating just a lot of trendline liquidity there. So you could be just... Wait, wrong one. Shit.
Okay, I give up. I need to make more templates for higher timeframes. But anyways, trendline liquidity could be a thing there. Weekly chart. Yeah, it's just like... Again, I mean, I would pay zero attention to this. This is how you waste time and lose money, in my opinion. Or you might hit big every once in a while. But yeah, I mean... I feel like I'm looking at a uni swap chart. I wouldn't touch this shit. Rune and OP. So...
I think this is the weekly imbalance. We talked to this a while ago. Damn, it reacted nice. We were in this area the last time we talked about it. We didn't catch the trade. We went back and back-tested afterwards. Yeah, this high right here got taken and moved violently off that. Did not react well to these.
levels at all literally just went right through them so there's no confirmation there the price was seeking this low down here um i mean for me this is still pretty bearish on the daily chart you know i would look at the impulse moves really from there to there for me um i know it's tiny but i mean it's there that's the only thing i have of a daily really is that that's in a um
Premium, I mean, realistically, you know, this is pretty close as well. So you could watch that zone. No law that says it has to come back to equilibrium. It usually does, but it looks pretty rough, to be honest with you. Weekly looks like it wants this low. There's going to be sell-side liquidity under that, because that's a weekly low. Right now, you've also got your previous weekly low right here.
that could be uh an issue for you or target i guess not an issue if you're on the right side of the market i'm just right for bulls that's what i'm referring to um potential little three drop i mean i could see it going higher again i would want higher but um no law that says it has to just go back to an equilibrium
I'm seeing you know first drive right here second drive right there. Maybe a third drive up into this I don't know I clear on a one-hour You need a you need some some juice here soon. I mean it seems like the one hours going for these lows right here
So that would be the next overall target I would look. If you're day trading, I would wait for that to get taken. And then maybe frame a potential long if the low timeframes show liquidity rate. But then, you know, keep in mind the institutional structure on most timeframes is bearish. So we said, is that a daily high or low on Bitcoin? August 23rd? No, I wouldn't. No, I wouldn't call that that. I mean...
theoretically you can say that but don't don't don't try to justify a bullish narrative over that in my opinion I mean a higher low isn't confirmed for me until we have a higher high because you know a low has one job and that is to make a high if it doesn't do its job we target it so let's just say price does this and it goes all the way up here
Peeler and so that's the higher low and people that You trade smart money are gonna say that's the weak low if we start to reverse And that's gonna be your target because it's weak and it didn't do its job, but just create a new high I said GMT We're in that trade right now I said so I don't want our OB
I guess you're talking about this down here. I could see it. I mean, to be honest, there's liquidity generated under these lows, and then there's this candle right there. It's right under it. So I could definitely see it. The main reason that I picked this low for the stop was because this is where the impulsive move that broke structure started, right? We finally got a closure. You left these inefficiencies.
When we entered, price had already came down to a premium and started to move off of it. But it's just chopping around at this point. This is the first time I've traded GMT in a long time. So I'm interested to see. It looks good, though, in my opinion. This all looks pretty nice. I mean, we could, who knows, anything can happen. But I see this as the major liquidity rate.
But, you know, anything can happen. So we'll see how it plays out. I'm interested with this one. If it goes in our favor, I think that it'll have, once it starts to move, if this was, you know, the three drive pattern, we have like a one, two, so there's one, two, three drives. Then, you know, we got that break of structure. This is similar to the Bitcoin trade we took last week. Definitely not similar in the fact that Bitcoin just took off immediately as soon as we got in it.
Binance has USDT dominance. I thought that it just had Bitcoin dominance. Am I up for live trades? I'm not sure what you mean exactly. If there's a trade that comes in front of me, I'll take it, if that's what you're asking, if it's on crypto. I'm not trading Forex or indices. But gold, I'll do gold for you.
so um oh wow it came up damn well this we talked about this the beginning of the week so this is exactly what we said would happen um i'll find it wait one second i'll pull up exactly what we said this is gonna happen so um this is on monday 22nd um
Gold, weekly, daily imbalance. The reason I'm showing you this is not only to show you that I did call it, but to show you why I wanted this to happen. Weekly and daily imbalances were filled, and the 15-minute had displayed bullish structure. As long as the bullish structure is maintained, I'll look for long ideas trading into the closest daily imbalance above. We had marked out this level. We refined it down, I think, to a four-hour. You can see it's all the way up here.
in this picture and this was down whenever we were at the bottom we also said this order block we would trade off the order block because if you notice um and we're going to chart and go over this um as we we said as price returns the order block now it happened with news i didn't take a trade right off the order block but we did take trades off of the trade idea so if you look look at that
right off of that order block. So we wanted price to come back up into this imbalance. I think we found on a daily and refined it to a four hour. You see price came up into it and reacted pretty violently. So we're looking at the daily chart.
We had this daily imbalance right here and that four-hour imbalance. So this is right around equilibrium. So you see price came pretty close. We're right at equilibrium and we got a reaction. Now the four-hour hasn't switched bearish yet.
This one hour is questionable, determining on how you draw the highs. I could still see a little higher, potentially, just because if you see that, whenever we came back down, we don't really leave any imbalances. There's nothing here to go off of. Everything's full. So if there's no amount of liquidity like that that we're drawing towards, it could be that we're going to take out the highs.
So where we're at now with gold is we came off of this imbalance. We're at that decisional point. But nothing is indicating to me that we're going to reverse super heavily, that the short-term trades off this already played out. Price comes back down into this imbalance. It looks like it may have tapped into this candle right there. No, it didn't. But overall, if you start to see expansion of the upside,
you know, you could end up seeing these highs get taken. I mean, I guess, is this a little tiny imbalance here? No, I mean, theoretically, you just keep an eye on that too. But I like, there's a lot of liquidity here. I mean, we did come above these equal highs, the short-term liquidation, and then massively moved down.
Came to this imbalance now what would change this to where I was you know extremely bearish as if Let's see how this day really I want to see it this day close similar to this You know and then at that point I mean the day closed like this and then we start to see buy side rates the next day I would look to target around this low because you don't have anything in between here and there except the low so Right now nothing around the 15 minute
um nothing really super appealing in my opinion gold is one if you're gonna trade it like here i'll show you a good example of what trading gold after lunch looks like i mean it's cool but it's like boring as right like this is 11 45 the other day took a trade and it hit but it took till you know it was like a nine hour trade for not much of a move so you know you notice gold moves during the new york open so
That's just something to keep in mind as well. Here's another example of that. The other day, I was traded gold here. You barely even see the position size. It was done in like five minutes. And then I traded gold here and it took like nine hours, literally. Again, it was like, well, actually this was 1.30 to, yeah, it was like 10 hours actually. So you see, I mean, it can be a little boring trading gold after session, but I recommend to trade gold at the New York Equity Open.
But yeah, overall, I would probably look for these highs to get taken. If somehow you come up into this imbalance right here and you get a nasty reaction, yeah, lows are going to get targeted. But we're at that decisional point where this pushdown could be just absorbing liquidity. Okay, FTX apparently has USDT futures. Yeah, gold went crazy anonymous. We got that right on the fucking head. I mean, it was literally.
It's funny, I caught trades on it, but not the one I actually wanted to catch, but that's just how it goes sometimes. These were actually some of the trades that almost finished the challenge too. I hit that over.
Yeah, first little one I was to are right here and hit that one and then that was it for me for gold for a little bit And then I was trading indices That's why if you see on that the equity curve that I posted you can see how Straight it was it was just like I Can zoom in no you see this is the equity curve. It was just like straight like very slow But it was straight up and I was just from getting those slow steady little little trades
oops um this guy said bitcoin going down oh yeah i'll say you're welcome at a lakey live stream trades like live crypto trades on youtube yeah i mean that's what i was saying if there are trades you know but like trading is not something you go and just force you know if i see something that i liked i'd take it we took a trade on live stream yesterday
Not only did I identify the order block, I also analyzed liquidity and also had confidence that you know it wouldn't go there. That's why what I need to put in my trades. Yeah, you got to just... The thing is, like...
The only thing standing between most people and doing that and having like, you know, that conviction is the fear of losing. Cause you're like, or a fear of being wrong. Cause if you don't care to be wrong, then you kind of just pick what you want and go with it. You know what I mean? Like there's no, you know, who cares? I'm wrong. Right. It's just like, you know, that point, you know, if you get ended up being wrong and you know, fuck you're wrong, whatever.
But you learn from it. But if you don't ever do that, then it's kind of detrimental to your growth and your trading because you're afraid to be wrong. And then your brain will make decisions based off that fear. I'm thinking about taking ETH short at this level right here. I'm going to set an alert because see how we're in this imbalance right here? I'm just going to set an alert for this level. So the reason I picked this level is this whole little buy to sell range. This range took liquidity from these equal highs.
And also you could look at this as a breaker right here, but I like this little buy to sell range that pushed us down from there. So we got, now the problem with just marketing or taking the limit right there is see how we're coming off this low. And then also that's in a four hour imbalance. So I'm not necessarily like super, super rushing to take that. EOS.
i really encourage you guys like i don't think i ever get asked coins that like like it's easier to trade higher people like i feel like people don't want to trade higher cap coins because uh they think that like they don't move enough or whatever but i i really encourage you to start trading like soul avax because there's more money involved and it's easier to trade in my opinion but eos came off this imbalance with obvious force um
To me, it's no doubt you're headed back down at least into a discount. The clearest area I see is this daily order block. I think we went over this yesterday or the other day, but this is where I would frame selling ideas around that narrative to where, if you see right here, like you had a short-term high removed into a fair value gap, probably into the supply candle if you want to mark it like that. But however you mark it, so when you have that,
This is a fitting one. And this is why I don't like trading stuff like that. Because it's like, okay, yeah, you took it. And there's like no entry. You know, there's just no... That's what you'll see a lot with these alts. The way that I'm trading at least. So like, I would have seen this. And okay, yeah, you broke structure down right here. You could just have marketed it. You know, but I don't know. It's not really my cup of tea. But if you trade certain ways, you know, it works. But for this, since it was a 15 minute raid.
Honestly, I probably would have just targeted this. It wouldn't have been enough risk or reward. But, yeah, I don't know, man. I mean, that's the bias, though, is to go down. But it's crazy to me. He said, can I look at 5-Minute GMT? Sure. It's crazy to me. Nobody ever wants to look at, like, the coins that I like looking at. Nobody wants to look at, like, the illiquid coins, which is fine. Okay, it's going back down into that area right here at Aliki that you were talking about.
Bitcoin dumping is bringing it down. So nothing really much on the five minute yet, but if you get a reaction off that candle.
Five minute probably needs some time to form some structure if it's going to form because you've got a massive move down into it. If it doesn't reverse there, we'll probably end up getting stopped, but take it on the chin and move on. But that's what you need to see here is a five minute change of character. Ideally, make another little low, take the high, and go from there. But that's what you need if you want to. I think you were talking about using the five minute confirmation.
Do I know the kill zones off the top of my head? Yeah. So some people say 2 to 4 a.m. Eastern is London. 7 to 9 a.m. is New York. Then there are some that say 345 to 5 a.m. is London. And that 830 to 11 is New York. And then there's the London closed kill zone, which is 10 to 11. That's a.m. And then people have spun it off into a bunch of shit where there's like a New York closed kill zone and there's all sorts of stuff where I don't know.
I mean, I know that people say there is the last hour, which in the stock market, people call that power hour. So that can be considered a kill zone. Main ones I focus on are New York Open and the London Close. I haven't gone over NOS, actually. So let's look at NOS. Okay, so NOS looks pretty good. If we look, price came down. It took out the low.
So we look, for me, this is the impulse move. I'm going to look at the first, I'm actually going to move this down there now because we moved a little farther since the last time. The 13.209 holds interest. This is what prices seems to be drawing towards. So you could frame long ideas coming in the morning around coming up to this area right here. So this morning on NOS, they're not as clean as SPX if you want my opinion. I probably wouldn't even have taken a trade on NOS.
my opinion but i didn't really i mean yeah it took out these equal lows you could say that i mean again i i don't if i would have looked at nas and um spx i would have took spx this morning spx was fucking perfect us 30 is always kind of fickle us 30 you're better off just trading with asia liquidity raids and then um supply and demand in my opinion so you had this asia low right here get taken
Where do I fill this daily imbalance? I'm going to delete this. Oops. Did the age low get taken under that area? Not really the clearest entry, in my opinion. I mean, I guess, yeah, if you take that, it's just a lot of times with these indices, it's like it's so far in a premium. You know, these impulse swings, it's like...
It doesn't come back down to equilibrium, even though it's clear areas. That's why 30 kind of moves kind of fickle, in my opinion. I mean, a lot of people just trade the strategy of U.S. 30 rating Asia lows and then targeting New York highs, whatever they were at that point, which go back to us. It works pretty fucking well.
I'm not sure why, but it does. What are my thoughts on the ETH merge? Do I think it will change price or is it just hype? I really don't form an opinion on that because I think that as a trader, you shouldn't be swayed by that.
Because that's all emotional. So for instance, if you're somebody who likes ETH, your brain is going to attach to narratives that support the merge being good for ETH. If you're somebody who's bearish on crypto, your brain is going to attach to narratives of why it's going to be a sell the news event. And all that's going on there is your brain is just, you don't want to be wrong on your big narrative. So you're going to find supporting factors that go against your opposition.
So if you're a bull, the supply is cutting, we're going to go to fucking 5,000. And theoretically, I can't sit here and tell you you're wrong. But if you're a bear and you say, okay, whatever.
It's going to be a sell-to-news event. Everybody's going to dump it, yada, yada. I can't tell you you're wrong. Notice how there's no factual basis. As a trader, you need to operate off of factual basis, like what factual basis you have access to, which is your chart. Don't get caught up in news. Fuck news.
They can say the Ethereum merge went amazing. Everything is great. Best thing that ever happened to Ethereum. And if I'm watching Ethereum that day and it looks like a sell, I'm going to sell it. I don't care what the news says.
Also, thank you to Adeliki. Somebody said, I only trade New York and London, if anything, right? No Asia. Yeah, I mean, I've held some gold trades through Asia recently just because nothing had changed. And they ended up actually hitting the TPs. They were the two that showed you guys that kind of moseyed around. I will trade crypto during Asia. I will say that. But I don't trade Forex or indices during Asia or metals. I don't open a trade, I should say.
Somebody said Matic. I'll do Matic and this is going to be the last one. And also Haas, I'll do AVEX too for anonymous. And then Haas, what indicator is in the session one I have? That's Boy Talkie is the author. So if you go to indicators, it's like Forex Market Sessions by Boy. That's why I can tell you to look it up. I think there's maybe a way to send a link.
know if this is the way to do it or not i think that try to do that one time it didn't work but you can change your settings you can see that these settings are pretty ugly in my opinion i like the way that i have them but uh matic um okay
So we came down in this area we wanted us to come into right here. Now, the reason we picked this originally, I think, was over in this region. And I was wondering if it was going to be a breaker. So I would want it to stay under the mean threshold and then go down, which would be...
Not what it's doing. So I'm just gonna go ahead and I'm gonna scratch everything cuz I looked at this in a while We did it came down where we wanted it to though. So We're looking at a daily chart Got your impulse move right there. We've got a very clear Daily imbalance right there That is in a premium and we have
the balance price and the impulse move seemed to end. So I would be more on a bullish narrative here. So looking for rates of lows in order to frame long ideas. One hour looks like it could be going lower here, to be honest with you. And this is actually a really nice setup. So on Matic, see this imbalance right there? Notice how it's under a set of equal lows.
I almost want to just set a market there. Or not a market, I mean a limit there. It's already back up. So that's, you know, it could reverse here. I'll try to keep an eye on it. I do have to hop on a call as soon as this is over, but I'll try to keep this over in the corner and watch it. But I'm not enforcing just because you see how, look how bullish we're reacting to that four hour fair value gap.
There's a clean high right above. If we're looking at a 15-minute, yeah, this does look like a decent sell, but we didn't get that closure. We didn't get that range failure. Yeah, we broke this low, but if you see now, we're barely even leaving a fair value gap because the 15-minute has moved back that impulsively. That's why I didn't want to just set a limit here. Now I could just go. We'll see. Keep an eye on this, though.
But yeah, Matic, I actually like that setup a lot. Because we take the equal high or equal lows, come into this liquidity pool and the fair value gap, and the daily bias is to the upside. You've also got... Oh, no, I took that high. Never mind.
If we had equal highs, that would have been great. So that could have been a nice liquidity rate setup. You came above that high, lower timeframes broke down, or you could have even just traded the one hour here. And this is why timeframes are timeframes. You could have just said, okay, I'm waiting for the liquidity rate. You had to wait for this inducement high. And you could have just set a limit really at that high because that would have been the beginning of the fair value gap at that point. If I set a stop above there, it would have been the greatest.
I would just target the low, one of the greatest risk-to-reward. But it's just cool to study price. Because if you can get the concept, yeah, this trade didn't have a great risk-to-reward, but the next one you find on the five-minute might.
But anyways, as always, I appreciate you guys. Oh, wait, actually, so I need to do AVAX. And then Anonymous said, can I go over the settings for my 4X sessions, please? Can you put it in all caps? So if you'd like, I can screenshot them. But so.
Because a lot of people have had issues with this. I was actually trying to help somebody else with this recently. Because they couldn't get it like mine. The box, I put solid. I think that's what people aren't doing. Because I think it starts as dash. But then I put thickness zero. So what that does is it takes off the borders. So that's the main thing I'm doing. And then...
Candle, I just have, I don't even know what this is. It's in a different language, but I think it says candle. I turned that off. Um, I don't know why Hoochie's voice chat doesn't work. I'll actually, I'm going to go ahead and I'll try to really hammer that out right now. I'm going to go ahead and send a text. So you're saying it's on push to talk, but it never lets you work. It never works. Yeah. I just sent a text. So, um, anonymous, is that, did that help with the, uh,
Do I set the main? Oh, you asked. Do I set main timeframe to my personal time zone? Yeah, I changed. Yeah, definitely. You definitely went on your personal time zone. But you should, in my opinion, everybody that's trading should put their time on negative four GMT. 100%. And much love Rush. But yeah, I would just put it on because, I mean, it's up to you. But if you're trading off kill zones, it's in my, I guess maybe I'm just biased because I am on New York time. I'm spoiled, but.
um it's kind of hard to like you know maybe you can remember um those times in your time frame or your time zone but i put it on your i put on gmt minus four and then i just have seven to five for new york session
7 p.m. to 4 a.m. for Tokyo. Some people say that Tokyo doesn't start until 9. I just put it at 7 because that's what I learned originally and also it works pretty well for me as far as liquidity. And then London, I just do 2 to 11. That's pre-market London starts at 2.
I hope that helps. Okay, you said yes, it works. Also, Hoochie, I promise you I'll try to get a resolution on that by the end of the day, and I'll actually hammer it out. On that note, though, guys, I'm going to hop off. I really appreciate you, as always. Tomorrow, we're going to hop on a little later. It'll be 4 p.m. Eastern. We're just going to recap the week, go over all of the bias that we gave out on Monday, see how it played out, and if it was correct.
and answer any questions. So hopefully we get that voice chat working so more people can talk. I really, I want you guys to be able to talk, you know, so I'll hammer that out today. I'm sorry. I need to get more on that. But yeah, I appreciate everybody. I will see you guys tomorrow. Peace.
