What's good? Everybody that's on YouTube, let me know I just started a new streaming service So it'll probably take me a little getting used to I pretty much understand most of it, but if my voice is weird or if Anything is off quality anything like that. Just let me know it should be better That was the reason I switched but I've had to mess a lot of settings. I'm doing out of OPS and more complicated than what I was doing before
But I actually just woke up like 45 minutes ago because I stayed up to trade London last night Which is something I've been telling myself I'm gonna do
I'm glad I did because you're I mean, it's just so it's like easy mode compared to trading during New York and I don't know not always but a lot of for the way I trade I mean, it's super clean. I really could have held this long a lot longer. So We'll have we have a super clean classic by day hour three set up So if you look right here this black bar down to the lower part of the screen That's the Asia kill zone or the Asian range so to speak
When caught a kills and more like the Asian range is what I like to refer to it as You look we can take the high and the low there. That's why I drew this fib This range that accumulates a bunch of people are looking to go short and long in this range
I think everybody thought we were gonna break down including myself kind of but I wasn't gonna act off that so I Had stayed up a little late because I got this new P I was setting it up and I was like damn, it's Already 1 30. I might as well stay up and trade London. So what I watched for I just wanted to watch Euro and Pound the first thing I noticed whenever I'm looking at
Euro and the pound is both of them have this similar accumulation. If we look on the four-hour We had SMT divergence Mean cable and fiber and cable was found fiber is zero. So we had SMT divergence So automatic we have a bullish confluence there
After we've established we have SMT divergence I watched the lower timeframes where the Asian range to be manipulated with a sharp push-out and we've talked about this in the private classes in the server and I'm sure some of you may be familiar with of these Concepts, but we had a nice range right here develop our push out of it So again, this is what we call a manipulation phase or the bottom wick so to speak of the daily range
So we see this Solidation get manipulated. So then we look in this area for confirmation of a reversal I want to share this to you guys because I think a lot of people are really confused on power of three because everybody just likes posting hindsight Just boxes and no executions the way that I use it is as a narrative tool. So If the price
Manipulates the Asian range down to the downside that I look for a break of structure to the upside because again, we're just trying to confirm
That smart money is buying up stops Now if you're wondering what these standard deviations are I like to use them for the Kind of correlation with levels to where I think the low of the day could be and also where I think targeting would be if we trade based off this now It's never perfect. Like for instance, the low of the day wasn't near the two I was wondering if it was gonna go lower take out that low But it didn't which was nice because that preserved that
narrative of SMT divergence and then Once we started to expand back up
On a five-minute it actually broke structure up 15 minute. Maybe no just a five minute Get that display so break a structure So what I went and did is one the one minute and I watched to see you know, where was the piece of order flow that actually really took Took this high. So if I'm looking at five minute I could have just traded off of that and I kind of wanted to target higher and I just didn't I
Used to trade in London. So I wanted to you know, you guys know me. I like hello hanging fruit if I can get five are off of Little, you know small amount of pips. I'll do it. So I could have targeted this because if you look the 100% extension to the upside of the Asian range matched up perfectly with this
It was actually 15 minute. Yes, 50 minute water block bearish water block now price went through that one even higher and we also had the three lining up with these equal highs and this imbalance and a four lining up with this water box So it wasn't really to me. I was looking at it like okay. Well, there's a lot of correlations if the Asian range DB
So I just decided I wanted to target this and if I had to use the five minute to enter I just entered up this order block or this fair value gap the risk reward there would not have been great. So I hopped down to a one minute and Targeted this order block and if you see price kind of came down under the lows Pushed up and we halted and then got that big push Right. So we know there was institutional involvement right here
So once I set my limits stop under this I gave myself a little bit of a grace period like another half of hip See price tapped into it got that sweep and even on the lower time frames like we were talking about yesterday You know, you're always gonna take out that low most of the time not always I shouldn't say always nothing is always but Anytime we have POI that's good to look for a tap and then a sweep even if you're on a one-minute You know, let's say if you're one of those guys who uses a five-second 15-second confirmation
If you try to catch that first tap, you're almost always going to get Stopped early even if your bias is right. So I didn't take any profits I literally just had to like look away because I had if I was like, okay, well, you know, you're trading in a new Environment and If you you know, you're gonna be less confident less consistent. So I just literally set my limits so I might take profit
Went to bed. So I woke up to this and I was pretty fucking thrilled about that So again the breakdown narrative of the trade originally SMT divergence during the London session I shouldn't say SMT divergence during the London SMT divergence in general and I was watching it during the London session then the classic setup for London that I like when I back test and you might guys may have heard me talk about how clean Euro is in the London session is just this very simple manipulation of the Ames and range and subsequent expansion
And this is trying to catch kind of like the bottom of the day and try to push the targets a little higher I probably should have because I could have been a lot better off, but it's okay. I'm just happy and thankful that it worked out and You know, I'm glad that I didn't trim any until the end now I wanted to start off by talking about that look at indices
So I think that price really likes these here. We did have some kind of it. Did we on an awesome? Yeah, so and lately I'm I will say with indices There's a lot and that's probably clear on a date Like right there that lower low and if you're drawing it from here, we did make a lower low So SMT can be kind of selective some people say that's not SMT I wouldn't play it as I do keep an eye on it. So
But we've had a lot of divergence across all the three sisters all three different stock in the indices So I always kind of take out the grain of salt what I see more so here is this low and I just ominously hanging out down here I'm an equal oh and now we've traveled back up above Local by side liquid in a lower time frame into the fair value gap
We'll probably move to the downside here This actually looks pretty good right now downside, but I'm not gonna trade because I already took that trade during London Pretty good gain. So I'm not gonna else but as you're trading I like You know potential downside This morning. I mean we got a nice expansion up after taking these lows. There's always a chance we do move up
Really didn't move into a premium of this. So either way, I think it would be kind of lower probability I think the better setup was early this morning after we took that low That was early early. Oh, so I probably wouldn't have taken much on indices personally, but maybe a short after all this got cleared out but Like we got I think Haas you were talking about that Ran right here. Oh, yeah, I can see exactly what that sucks
Is that you're looking for more downside customer? Yeah, overall, I mean I could see like I see both cases right now So it's kind of like lower probability for me because like look we took the low and Rapidly out of it. So, you know, we could make a move to the upside because you know, we really didn't Move back up into this impulse swing. So I'm looking at four-hour This is kind of a NASDAQ looks a lot weaker
Yeah, even the thing is Excuse me be The only problem that I would have is just I mean it's not set in stone We have to move so efficiently but look like a lot of times when we get these expansions down that take liquidity and we leave these inefficiencies We'll see one last run on stops before price starts to move back up into a premium now. I got really close That's why I say this one's kind of like when I look at and I'm like I'm not extremely confident in it
But I mean you do have I getting taken here. It's kind of shitty price action now. We've came back down to Premium of this impulse move. So if you start to see the displacement to the upside, you know, I wouldn't be extremely Or I'd be kind of waiting on that But again, it's it's one of those where it's like it's lunch hour. I can see both ways I'm still holding my my Nasdaq shorts from 12,017
Oh, yeah. Have you taken anything off of them? I'd take something. Well, I went pretty small, so I could just let the trade ride out. True, true. Because if I would have gone bigger, definitely, bro. I definitely would have trimmed already, but... That makes sense. I still think we got a lot of downside, and I'm just letting my stops ride at break even, so like, you know. That makes sense. Because I don't think it comes back up there at all, dude. 12,000 up in this region. I mean...
They retrace a bit, but the daily just looks terrible. That's really what my TA was on. Broke below that. Exactly, that's exactly what I was looking at. So coming down into these levels that I wanted us to come down into, care about your gap and quarter block, preferably I would want a little lower. I have tapped into a discount now on NASDAQ, so you never know. We're tapping into this breaker again.
YM hasn't really come down that far Yes, it's not even in everybody. Well, I'm taking out this low so getting closer to those points where you know where I would maybe want to see Upside, but it's not there. We could get it because there's this breaker There's this massive fair value gap the order block. There's a lot of stuff that I don't want to have before I consider us going up higher I think it could be a little slow burn because they're getting closer to Christmas
Got missed on the east last night I had a large set for you guys. I was if we have to this handle right here. I Wanted to rate it Okay, I'm actually in for my computer I was transferring all my data to this computer and if we come in there I get lower timeframes. I'm into this. Oh, I Don't love it. I think I think I stopped you on crypto chat catch. I'm watching litecoin, too. Oh
I don't really I will say I don't really like this because I had a separate stuff. I got triggered We'll go over there as a second. I'm not really a big fan of that. It seems kind of like bought up So I'll watch this zone but uh the highest I don't like that kind of that shift, right? It's kind of like grabby and we also have these eyes and a couple alerts go off their gold
Okay gold actually might give a trade Nothing yet though. See that's what we were talking about yesterday We had this range and I wanted us to move into one of these zones first before we could go to the other one So now we've moved up into this for our buy-to-sell region on this for our fair value gap So if the 15 minute can start to exhibit some bearish structure, then I'll look to To get short, but nothing yet. I'm gonna keep gold. Okay, like
what about that uh usd cad trade you were talking about yesterday which um equal highs oh yeah no that was just more like overall like bias i wouldn't that's why i try to take a trade all the way into that a long ass way i mean you could i guess if you want that's just not really for me lifestyle like what i would like to see here i mean honestly
Not there yet. I mean you could watch this little zone you really wanted to be kind of more conservative Watch like this hole. I'd probably just watch this water block right there down below Because look at the daily
Yeah monthly breaker block right here you could have this but I like this because it's full-bodied so monthly breakthrough breaker block reclaimed it tapped into it then we look at a weekly we haven't got a shift yet but if you want to be a little early the daily definitely has Bailey's showing display some upside so it's showing a desire to move up probably in towards this I as like of a more local target
If I was gonna do that, I would like to get some kind of trade off of this down here I see this is like the last big push, but if you notice we pushed up I've met some form of selling power right here. I'm not really sure what maybe in this rejection block and Then we blast it through it and I've came down and retested it and if we look at the 15 I haven't really taken out
Wrong structure If we did take out some kind of structure with displacement, I mean you could look for a long kind of frame around that But I think it's riskier just because you're not in Premium and I liked I liked it I mean in discount I like to trade for it now, but it doesn't look bad here overall like the Reason I was looking at those if you look at the weekly
Just these are ominous as fuck and we look at this massive range We came out and took the sell side now prices on it just been on a tear massive displacement up, so it's kind of It gets back above this high with displacement and be no question All right, so I still like the highs already just like you know look at it It's like it's a nice little power three almost like came out under the range aren't pushed back into the range Take the range highs and you've also got
Monthly order block just above it dollar 50. I want 24k 50 MC asked do I look at SMT on all time frames or just as a narrative a High time frame narrative builder. I like it on all time frames. I mean as with anything it has more Value if it's found on a higher time frame, but I mean I'll use SMT on a one minute sometime There if I notice it, but it's not gonna be my only conflict oil
Okay, there we go. Nice. Well, it came right into our When we were watching there about you gap got clapped But we were looking at this low overall just because we came back up in that weekly imbalance Push down so well is extremely bearish right now. I Had to guess I mean I would say the next stop is gonna be this right here. I want to see what that looks like on the happy end
Fiction block down there higher order block you're tapping into Could see some kind of a little bit of reversal get up into this order block and start to see structure, but you know until then Barrett's just get a four-hour was actually been soup
Yeah, I mean I what I would do is I would wait to see if this range or notice ranges stone Fails like for instance if we get into it and you look on a one hour or four hour and you see like lackluster price action It's not coming out of it. It's kind of rating liquidity You know, I would start to look this short, but again, it's just waiting to see what You're kind of boarding the bottom so to speak if you're not careful. My session was boss into our zone There's not a big fan of this right here
Resistance run on liquid look we tap we kind of came close to the zone, but we didn't tap into it over here We did Swept those loads. I almost want to see these look you know, wait on this I could regret this but Reason being is like, yeah, we kind of displaced here. There's a lot of wicks work. I'm selling off What I'll do is I'll set alerts down here on this order block and
I'm around I'll watch the one minute if I start to see price action. I like there That's where I'll get active but that's super convenient as we tapped in and then we kind of failed to make that lower low So the stops have been taken at And the SMT with E and it makes this little less valuable in my opinion because I'm looking at it as we took out this low I was looking at the
As a potential area to get on a continuation, but if we look at e it's not showing signs No in signs of my so I'll probably as far as she rip those at least finally in its own world, I guess the terms that Getting affected as much but work it That's good, right? He's coming down to where I want along it right along it
Longed. Bro, I should have paid attention to that four-hour fair value up on Bitcoin.
Yeah, you see that first candle before the bottom the selling climax yet I can't over it there. That's literally where I entered and put stop losses I think one rule like you could pay I was just talking a second ago like in general like one rule to help me a lot is like let's say if you have any zone whether like Where did he pull?
Fair value gap or an order block or whatever like a good rule that has helped me a lot is like make make it Not valid to you unless it gets swept I mean, it's like friends. This was the first half of like this water block or any of this down here Fair value gap here. It's always assume this is gonna be swept Is it almost always sometimes it doesn't but then what I like about it
It's like it comes to like my area like this is where I wait Did you just say assume that the first tap will get swept? Yeah, bro. I literally discovered that like this morning Yeah, it's a really good rule like so like friends any POI tap like make the first one like that's like okay now my eyes are open Those are the early buyers and sellers. Yeah limits and shit and put stop losses at the low of the zone
That's how a zone gets manipulated. Exactly. Because a lot of times trying to play order blocks and stuff, that's why I like waiting for using liquidity because it's really easy to just get. This zone was like, this looked good as fuck to me. I was like, okay, that's fine. Yeah, dude. I literally went long there because I thought we manipulated the zone. Because we did.
That's what I'm saying like I entered on the manipulation of the zone like I entered in that wick like that went through the zone So I thought that would be the bottom but then the manipulation got manipulated Yeah, I just said the reason I said like such wide limits on this was because I looked at it and I was like, okay This is where Bitcoin does that fuck shit like exactly like this where it's like you don't know if it's gonna go here here And I just set my limits on the order block, but I put my stops under that last for value gap candle
i was like okay if we go under that we're going for that you know what i mean so i was like okay i can get a totally tight stop i'm not really tight you know but for the play and then here but i think it's going to come back down playboy's pi for sure like this this yeah the little um the little the little m that we're putting in now is basically buy side liquid uh liquidity grabbing everything from november 14th yeah
So that looks more like redistribution than it is accumulation. So I think what we're going to end up doing is...
We're gonna have like a terminal shakeout. So basically a one hour like a four hour gonna basically form an inverse head and shoulders Not sure just realized somebody said MC said FY audio is a little spotty on YouTube Shouldn't be I thought because somebody said it was better Somebody I have like three takes on it because I mean I want to make sure it's fixed because I'm on this new streaming I'm on stream labs. Everybody knows what that is
I have I actually have like three things on my I can turn my suppression level down and shit hold on that make it louder or oh Never mind that that might help because I'm outside on quality mode. I don't know if that does or not your mic monitoring I don't know why I always but uh earlier what I added you this is a visual or a visualization
I don't know why anonymous. You're not actually adding me. I just know all these I'll look at that one second jam I've been waiting on me for a minute Like the east shore yesterday at 1265 something closes it 100% of this morning's braid still in the Bitcoin shorts though I planned on taking 100% on each Oh nice or BNB 292 fucking top wicks night or I think it looks good. I think overall like Even continuously watch something like this
and more down into a range actually set an alert because i like the way bnb trades a lot i'm gonna look at that right now where'd you tag me on it oh uh crypto chat it changed my disk i think we'll actually like uh absorb that whole demand zone now yeah and then introduce uh introduce new demand if you go into the daily uh
I'm looking at the high time frame daily right now. That would basically put in three drives on the daily. Yeah, that was one thing that I did notice. Starting from that original big drop. Let me see. Wait, the daily. Yeah, so the drop on June 19th.
The thing is when I do the weekly and the fucking monthly just scream 13k to me overall. Does my chart go that low? Oh no, it goes a 14.7. But yeah, all of that sideways action that we had would just be liquidity buildup. Which explains why it took so long, because there's literally no liquidity in Bitcoin right now. Or crypto. The way I always look at it is like...
I always just look at, like, the daily impulse structure as kind of, like, my framework. And until that changes, like, I try to not, like, think it's going to change. You know what I mean? Because I feel like it just, for me, it fucks my psychology up when I do that. Like, for instance, like, here, I'm looking, I'm like, okay, the daily external structure is obviously bearish as fuck. Yeah, and that doesn't look like a break of structure to the upside either. It literally just looks like bi-side liquidity. Grub.
Well, it depends what highs you use one could say like this right here for sure and that looks like you're using the left or I structure that and all that uses but like Using like a little more aggressive just like ICT structure definitely closed up But I wouldn't have necessarily be as eager to long off. This is where I originally
Yeah Yeah, that's where the double market structure re comes in Yeah, so that's why yeah, we I definitely think we're probably gonna continue to the downside I want ETH so like the thing about ETH that would be nice if that happened is if we could take all these fucking I don't want to trade ETH again that much like as far as like a swing perspective because Does that also look like a three drives? Like a fucking smorgasbord of equal lows, equal lows, equal lows, and like equal highs here. It's like dude
Well, it looks like nothing like Bitcoin. Yeah, I know right like coins looking crazy to XMR I think I've heard. Uh, I think I've heard a lot of good things about like when the main likes Like I think like when like
And let's just make a good look at fuckass XRP. Oh, NQ's back at Lowe's. We had a fucking mid-lunch dump. That would be sick. Does that ever happen? Like, will the... Oh, hell yeah. Will it be like the intended move, too? Like, it won't be like a false break? It's a bunch of them. Oh, fucking yeah. Fucking moves will happen at lunch. While I'm on stream. Leave me. I thought I was gonna do that.
It's just triggering your like PTSD or something. I can show you multiple times where it's happened. There was one where I was like, wow. It would have been like a fucking tech. I don't even know. I think it was actually out here. I'm not even kidding. It's like where there was SMT on GAS and NASDAQ. I think it's taking my crosshair. Our trading view is fucking broken. Pretty sure it's time.
Okay, that's yeah, I'm an idiot. You're right Okay, okay training you was there 30 Yeah, it was literally right here. I swear to god watch I can remember it my PTSD is really that so it was like right there No, that wasn't it actually that's not it But it was similar similar thing. It was like an SMT during lunch play It was very similar price action. I don't think
but it was basically a similar price action this and it was like a five minute break restriction i was on lunch and we were like watching and i was like yep or maybe it was this i don't know but i was like yep uh it's lunch time so i'm not gonna trade that we'll come back to you later and it was like a like 10 hour play damn bro arcana harley
Yeah, has ES already taken the loose? I've been, since I've been in stock chat lately, I've been, uh, uh, I forget who's mentioning it to me, but, like, it'll mention how, like, I'll be looking at NQ that hasn't, like, taken loose yet, but ES and, like, Spy already have. SMT. So that's what SMT divergence is? Yeah, so, like, you can use it with, like, it's kind of like, I've seen people use it a lot of different ways.
way that ict most part is like just like most recent swing and high it doesn't do like strong hose i said strong hose strong lows and highs but you can also use it like because it's kind of fractals like for instance like this like on a four hour i can see this and it's like yeah it's not theoretical in a four hour but if i go to a daily and i mean kind of like most recent pivot point it works good on like the daily
Where I'm at 15 minute in one hour, that's like the best but I mean I'll use them like a one minute sometimes Like to this morning are early this morning and on in session with you and Hey, what was fucking clean?
i'm saying what does it tell you and it's like manipulation like for instance if i'm looking at two assets that are correlated or yeah like say you can use it with dxy too but you have to use like an inverse way like um like if i see like euro and pound pounds making a lower low and euro is not i know that that's probably that lower low is probably manipulation you want to pair it with other stuff like it it can easily fuck you if you try to just use it but like friends like here okay
The year or the pound made a lower loan the four-hour euro didn't so then I was like, okay on top of that Got power of three ground power of three going with standard deviations matching up with liquidity and POIs Flush out of the Asian range turn back power of three. I could have taken it away
That's that's like how I would use it. I wouldn't use it like oh just SMT come along like some people are ballsy with it But like for instance and I was like I did like SMT turtle soup last week and that was the most of them as the best trade of out of my funded literally that's overall like But um, it was on Dow. I was right here. So I put on us 30. Oh
Basically like after we'd had S&T in the higher time prayers I did a turtle soup by so basically I just set limits at the liquidity and then used 20 pip stop-loss Actually worked
I need to test this more because I've been I was testing it on a 4x replay That shits fire that I think that would maybe what you should do jail is like use You can have one minute data all the way back to 26 You can basically the way it works. It's like let's say if I was backtesting right now Like and I want to be like, oh, I went along here whatever reason you literally put a long tool Right here for whatever you're doing and they will literally like you hip
Place position and it like opens a position based off the long tool and then it will like record Over however much time you want like it's like if it was a profitable trade or not That shit's fucking amazing. I love it. It's so awesome. I get it. So fucking on Oh, sorry aspect. What is that? Oh my bad, bro. I just
Thoughts on Bitcoin and ETH. What alts do I have on my radar currently with yesterday's video? I only saw your setup for being BTC and BNB So
I'm not really I wanted to I was watching like coin But I will say I'm not as interested in just because this wasn't that's kind of like looks the grabby to me Like I saw we kind of took this low. That's not really what I want to see I want to see a hold that displacement or I think we're gonna come up and grab like of this I'll watch the zone if I see some massive Displacement out of on the lower time frame that's short, but ideally I like these equal highs I could get preserved for later, but it's getting that point where it's not a super clear setup to me Eve
I actually like this right here. So what I'll do is Massive order block. I'll keep an eye on this and I want to start trading crypto if you guys more I've kind of just been collecting them Yeah points because I really don't like trading like a lot of the intraday timeframes on crypto, but I start watching it more
But here, I see a lot of liquidity above. This could be getting preserved for later. We have these lows down here. If we look at the immediate displacement structure, we've got them to the downside. We took this out, which I originally wanted to short two from this area, but we never tapped into it.
Now I'll watch both zones, you know if we get a price a push up into here Sweep into that zone during fashion and move the downside. I'll look to short down towards This low down here by this low imbalances my current plan. I would just wait All right, excuse me I would just wait until we get to this before I would really mess with Bitcoin at all and once we get there I would watch Lower timeframes to see how it would how it reacts to it
And then BNB, I think we're moving down towards this daily order block at a minimum Three down closed candles that took liquidity This was also took all these equal lows, right? It's traveling an old order block. I mean, it's a very clean range as far as institutional involvement goes if you ask me But
once we take Really like that and expand that tells me smart money was buying it up So I think we'll come back down to this zone to me gay. It's also in a discount You could look to trade in a four hour a 15 minute down into that range, but I would look for lower pricing Also DX why I mean looked at it Super clean reaction up that first only a drawn the alien balance or volume imbalance That was kind of the low-hanging fruit. So we hit one target. I think we could still go higher
um we do have a very clean weekly imbalance right there so something to keep an eye on but came up here four hour came down and took this low but it's not really holding it we're at a pivotal point right now if dxy starts to continue up and it fails to hold this displacement down i mean it shows more desire to go higher then i would look for more downside on equities on crypto on you know the dollar that i'm in in forex pairs
Oh, I know you did audio engineering dope audio crystal clear threshold low on compression and turn it up a little Up I can actually like eight turn it down negative eight turn it to like That help or does that make it worse? I don't know. Thanks my girl I'm Yeah, it's like this is a good example to our jail. Are you still in here?
Yeah, like this right here. It's like okay like we come up and we kind of tap the zone if you hadn't refined it find a little push right here and then it gets like, you know Probably not the cleanest price action to make you want for it But now it's came up and really taking that liquidity and I almost want to go up and and but um That's a good example of waiting for a tap and also a dollar swissy This right here. So it tapped into the zone. I wanted to trade
We got this nice push out we and then here we took liquidity from over here Up a little bit and then really pushed up. So I was like, okay, I'll watch this so I'm not the cleanest cuz right here But you know it I just showed the desire to go up Also after taking this daily low against we take a low took another low But we tapped at once Right there and then it came down and swept all that. You know what I mean? Shit like that. I always see always fucking happens
color cat and also another thing too is um do you know like high resistance and low resistance runs on liquidity it's probably something in my cop too i had to get no but uh i know what they look like yeah it's basically just like
like you want to watch for this because a lot of times this is going to get taken it's also really good for like targeting on the daily so that was like um the big reason i was bullish for a while there on uh indices was we had so many of those we just kind of still do of take liquidity here we didn't write take the liquid again right way back in august
Yeah, I think the liquidity You're I didn't have much of a not to clean it Like another great example is like right here. This is nice. I had that high resistance run on the stops from 17 and if we look at YM We actually yeah see look right here like the stops down here and then we kind of just made failed to make that lower low So we had that SMT with everything else but that usually can get targeted later on
I got fucking cocked on a dollar-yen short last night, bro. What's the chart was? I guess I didn't chart it. I swear I charted it. But it was, like, literally, I shorted off of... Oh, weird. I swear I had it charted. I have a pic. Guess not. But, yeah. It was...
Right here. Fucking cuck like a dumbass. I knew, I kind of like knew I shouldn't do it. Look at this. So it was basically after we took this liquidity over here. And it was just really with DXYTA. Like I just shorted from like right here. Right there. Like a stop right here, bro. Like what a fucking retard. How the fuck did I do? I don't know why I did not. And every time I do that, bro. I should learn because like I always say, oh, I like using the highest high of the lick raid. But fucking idiot.
Right here. Thanks. Yeah, fucked. Whoa. But it was okay. I woke up to that and then the Euro play. I was like, whatever.
Oh dude, guess what that did I but I passed already I thought yeah, I thought you did you just had the days right to wait are you? No, no, no, no, I I passed today to like fees to a certain fees to a 6 p.m. Yesterday Yeah, it was a do that It was like around 1 1 a.m. or 11 p.m. I took him during Tokyo
Yeah, I took entry during Tokyo. It was, like, a fucking quick, like, 90-pit play. Oh, yeah, bro. So, yeah, now I gotta just open 0.01 lots for the next nine days, and then I'll have the fun to the end. Yeah, bro. We got a fucking payout this time. Yeah, you're definitely going. Dude, my training has been so fucking, like, different since, uh, since I've done, like, the psychology work.
or since i've been working on like my psychology like game that's everything bro like that so literally that video i put out yesterday i was talking about that it's like bro the thing that's good about surrounding concepts is it can get you or wyckoff or ict whatever just price action training whatever different fucking school of thought it is it's all very similar so you're using price action you're trying to be extremely precise it's all this like complicated shit about like you know um
And what banks are doing everything and it's like it does work but like what it does a lot of times is it will like inspire this like perfectionist mentality and then It's almost worse off to have that in your hand than before you had it for a short amount of time So like you'll go through a period where like you don't know it Then you learn it and then you get like that beginner's luck and you get that euphoria because it's like I fucking got the key I got the debate. I just cracked the fucking debate go to trading
then like the psychology starts to kick in whenever you have that first slump and then you like maybe i don't understand it you start looking up different things and you start changing your styles and then it's just like a death spiral and that happens to a lot of smc traders because there's people out here like i hate to say it like ict and then like a lot of other influencers that like kind of like impose a perfection uh persona like that's their brand and that's their character and that's like yeah it's cool and
some people will argue and say it gives people something to look up to but what i think it does is it gives people a false image and like kind of like gives them problems whenever they're like they're not that because that's not you know not everybody is like that and you can get to that point i'm not saying you can't but like it's just it's not um common so to speak to be a perfect first year trading and i think a lot of traders get on like a death spiral because of that
Yeah, I think something similar like that happened to me. Yeah happens ever happened to me at one point That's exactly what happened to me. Yeah, it's I swear to God because it's like the cycle like every like you don't ever hear like Like okay, ICT talks about training psychology sometimes but most like of the most of the
Influencers or something if they do talk about it. Yeah, it's very short-lived It's like, okay, you're training psychology. Don't be prey to lose. All right on to the order box. It's like It's like Do meant effects a really good video in psychology? I don't you said you don't you said you don't watch them at all? I don't watch it. Just be I just don't because it's like I will send you this video You have to at least watch this. Yeah, no, I'll watch a video. It's like I'm like fuck men at men effects but like
i respect i respect what he's built and stuff but like a lot of it is just ict spinoff and like i've learned it from ict so it would confuse me to try to learn it a different way
He kind of does what you do. He kind of simplifies it in a way. Yeah, no, I know. Because three box method is, like, so clean. It's, like, a different way than I've learned. So, like, for me, one thing, and I always tell people this, too, like, if you're, like, doing good, like, stop watching shit, bro. Because, like, so there was a period where I had learned SMC, and I learned a little bit of ICT, and I learned, like, basic SMC, and I was actually doing very well, right? It's a long time ago, like, way back, but, I mean.
but not like 10 years ago or some shit, obviously, but you get what I'm saying? Like, um, where I went through like, okay, you know, you know this, then you start getting the more advanced shit and you start fucking up and you start hitting the slump. So it's like, you have to have, that has to, you have to go through that to level your game up. But like, once you're to a point where you're making good money, like just stop watching shit, work on your psychology and start backtesting your strategies. Like you don't have to like, every time you learn something new,
it throws a curveball into your trading yeah literally does um and it can it can cause a lot of psychological especially if you're like trying to get funded or have a funded like jesus bro like just do what you do and like back test it that that's where it's like it's not time to learn more it's time to refine and time to like get data on it you know and build confidence in what you already know that's literally what my issue was
Yeah. Because I, like, every time, like, I don't know, when I was, like, when I started losing, I started thinking it was something wrong with my style. Yeah, exactly. And you start, like, beating up on yourself and losing confidence and taking parades too early. It's a very bad death spiral. It's so bad. Yeah, bro. And it's like, you remember, you're like, oh, wait, I do know how to trade. Like, fuck this fucking bullshit inherited. Like, I'm not, I know how to trade, you know?
Yeah, like, what Flo taught me, or, uh, that he learned, like, from Ment, is, uh, when traders, like, start to fail, they'll try and change up their style, and, like, it just turns out, you know, they were either, like, they were overconfident, and they were making disciplinaries, and, like, bad psychology. Yeah. Like, psychological decisions. Oh, for sure, bro.
something like more before too casper word like learning something new like kind of messes you up like the most profitable and green streak i had was actually just trading like basic photon order blocks right and it's like and it's just the psychology behind it because it's like you learned it it was you got it and then it was like okay pretty easy and then it's like you start realizing like okay well i can take this another level i can get even more trades you know what i mean and then it's like
go down that path where you're like bro like this like you know i it's funny because like i know like the first time i watched ict like a long time ago like before like any of the new like like just before like he before he was even back on social media and all that and i watched it i was like i watched it and then i quit watching it because i was like this is great and then i watched it again and then i was like okay like obviously it's it's fire
stay buckled down and then i just started like getting determined but i went through like a little slump like but i i didn't it's not like it was like a horrible slump it was where i was like i lost i i didn't want to take trades sometimes like i think there was trades that i like should take i know what works and i just didn't take them because i was like you know what i mean but i think that the main thing is this is learning to combine ict with other you know what i mean like
I think that's the that's kind of like the secret sauce is like learning like to take what is executable because I Think we all know that a lot of ICT stuff is extra It's like trying to like learn calculus of trading in a way and a lot of it's really in my opinion it's beneficial but not necessary and You know, you got to remember that that mentorship was originally sold for a lot of money a lot of people don't know that like a lot of money
um like back when it was that's why a lot of the charter members get angry that it's for free now but um
You know there was there has to be so much information whenever someone pays that amount of money So you got to understand like the dude had it there was this business You know what I mean? Like not every single last thing and drop of you know, like a lot of those videos could be simplified a lot But and don't get me wrong something like oh he said it was too like I'm not saying it's not awesome But I am saying that it can give you paralysis by analysis if you let it This actually euro looks this is like a very fucking clean
I'm actually gonna make a fucking infographic of this today. I told people I would but this is a very clean by day template so like for instance like the Classic by day template like you want to see something like this like we have a consolidation is the Asian range which we have right here flash out taking liquidity push up into
Areas of liquidity correlating with standard deviations of the Asian range if you look at this is the monthly order block I've never really used these like this is an old level like just watch however sold levels are respected. So this I Want there's 105 just that monthly order block right here. We've already tapped into it multiple times over here Like look how it's still respected like so we took the previous daily high Like that's always gonna be a liquidity pool
Into an imbalance it's gonna be a higher time frame imbalance in the one hour and a one-hour breaker This actually was the best move one hour breaker. I slept on that that that God damn. I could have had a fucking like I'm on demons kicking for a second there. I took them all it here, but classic by day template literally like is power of three I mean, it's like as clear as it could be and just emulation
population distribution where'd you say you know what's gonna go like where'd you think on the high time frame like where do you think it's gonna head next was it the higher time frame on euro like four hour tells me overall uh i won't even lie but it's not like very clear so like i don't like this so you didn't really leave any kind of fair value gap
But we did take the high right here and then we never took this and that and then we had that bullish divergence with able so what I want to see Euro is If I'm gonna look to get active on any kind of swings I want to either see a break of this low or a break of this high and then that's that's really where I'm at with as far as like a Confident high time direction if I had to lean anywhere, I would say down
Yeah, I agree. I think the targets 1.04 to or 1.04 to I think that that's the mix Yeah, I like that like that's that's where I'd have to lean like cuz if and also if we look this week's kind of been copy so like Monday we Didn't really have like
Crazy crazy. We actually know it yet. We did actually want to make a dump You took a dump on Monday and I pushed up back above the weekly open on Tuesday I don't know weird here. I mean like weekly power of three or not Tuesday Wednesday weekly power of three. I mean, you'd almost want to see Up higher. So if we're talking about the weekly power of three grab this accumulation on Monday dip down below it and then we
clock down and dip one below that but similar to like this same model right consolidation down so weekly power of three to have us going up to be quite honest yeah okay i see what you're saying and like if i wanted to do this but what i'm gonna watch i'm actually gonna watch this i'm gonna hide this all right so i would watch this order block right
so Reason is OT of the candle bodies on a one hour of the expansion that caused us to break structure with displacement and come back above the week This is like here's some advanced ICT is is like month five I think or month seven. I can't remember. It's the one shot one kill but um, so what you would look for is a push down into OTE
But some kind of point of interest and you'd look for an expansion like to go like higher than like one day size Not actually a bad an idea to take a trade off that you know, I think I'm gonna
The only thing is, I don't like how... Let me make sure I'm not messing up. Asia got taken by Frankfurt. But Frankfurt, usually I like it being taken out. But it wasn't yesterday. So that's the only thing. Yesterday's Frankfurt liquidity down there wasn't taken out. That's the only... Which day? Like last night's Frankfurt liquidity. Yeah, that.
Usually it's taken out like I like when it gets taken out nice and easy. Yeah Anytime from two to five for me. It's free game for a little day, but I do I like whenever it's Yeah, it's it's so much easier to trade like when Asia Induces something and then you can buy off something under it's super clear usually for me But yeah, that's the only thing I'm wary of playing that
let's go my boy what you all in hero through us yo um us 30 had a similar setup like that right like well earlier i played out already yeah i like this the weekly power of three so it's like if i look at this it's like damn i feel bad for anyone that trades stocks just like actually just turning bitcoin like even like options
Are you talking to me? Yeah. No, I'm just looking at NQ, dude. Like, when they have, like, these sideways choppy days where you literally, like, can't make any money. Yeah, it's never fun. But then you got us fucking swing trading indices. Big two's gonna get slopped. I'm just kidding. Swing trading indices in EU 24-7. Never gotta worry about the day opening up. I don't swing indices too often, but...
dude i've i've been fucking killing indices with swing trading yeah yeah no for sure it's just i'm not saying it's just like not really my style oh no no i was just saying you can you can do it because a lot of people have well algo has like been saying to me for a while that like you can't do it i was like no
You definitely can. It's harder to do unless you get, like, I think it's best, if you swing him, I think it's best to, like, wait for, like, the fucking eco, really high time frame reversal points and then, like, really swing those motherfuckers. Yeah, that's what I did with mine. I think that's what my current style is because I'm using the four-hour daily chart. So, basically, all I do is, like I said, I do what you basically teach is I just, I build a high time frame, like,
point of interest where i think price wants to go and then i just take lower time frame trades off of it yeah just where the draws i'm just understanding where i believe the draws if i'm right i just take trades off like the one hour and the 15 minute that's what i just actually did that with my nash short for that awesome ass entry i got i actually just added more to my short on that little palm yo casper p what i added you in the chat
it was dirty played that that shit was smooth that's why when i peeped the euro just looking the same
I got to get my Christmas shopping going for the shorty. What did you say? What do you think, though? I liked the two rejections we had this morning, and then on that weak little pump, I added some more shorts so I could swing. I had averaged into my position that was at 12,070 or 17.
Oh shit, we got basically the same entry. Yeah, literally. So you caught that shit on Thursday then? Uh, Friday. Oh. Wait, was it Thursday? It was probably, well I got in at 75. It was before the CPI drop.
Okay, yeah, I got in on that CPI pump. When I pumped back up, the news, the NFT news. Oh, I see. Well, let me copy. My girl's laptop does this. I was trying to copy the fucking picture, like copy it from Discord, like on my Discord. Yeah, I just really don't like the two rejections we had this morning.
We haven't officially tapped OTE on it, so we could have one more after-hour lunch pump up and then reverse from there. Yeah, literally take out all the highs of the day and then reverse and come back down.
Looking at 11 660 as like a breakout point. That's why I put my stop loss Even if it goes to there, I'll still I'll still make money off this trade. That's probably a market structure. We had this We came up to this point over here, and then we just kind of started putting in like an M over it
This is so we took out all this by side liquidity here Here here here and then this would be your swing point This new PC is fucking it's so crazy the jump so like just to give you a an idea of like the inside so my old PC was an i7 with a 1660 ti and 16 gigs of RAM
And this new PC I got is a fucking i9-24 core. Like, the best one you can get other than the AMD Threadripper. With a fucking 3080, then 32 gigs RAM with 6,000 megahertz. It's like, bro, and I have the 240 hertz monitor. Like, charting is so, like, it looks so fucking, so fucking amazing. Oh, dude, I can't wait till I fucking upgrade my setup. It is fucking crazy. Okay, my bad. Let me look.
Oh, finger about the new things. Hold on.
Wait, oh, oh, you know, I know you man. I think you want my fucking sound hunter. I was like damn now you met the psychology stuff Yeah, nah, man, it really is like it's it's such a learning curve like whenever you start a trade new thing And it like find a strategy and like once you have it somewhat profitable instead of trying to learn a new strategy It's like go and spend that time you're gonna spend watching videos and painfully
having problems just go like refine that like i'm actually gonna do a video i need to just make it on um crap booming i'm just my foil my fault no i'm just kidding you're good but um the uh i'm gonna make a video on on this software that i use because it's super dope oh we might even do it live i don't know we could do like a live back testing session maybe fun and dicey's do
There was SMT I knew I wasn't crazy there's SMT I guess the Dow I was like dude I know I fucking saw something out that's what I want positive or bearish or bullish divergence Here fancy that's that's what I was saying that's what I think that's what we might do for the rest of the day possibly I think you can definitely come up to like 11 780
i think player said that that was the on yeah yeah 11 yeah or no monthly 11 7 oh he's not bitcoin i wanted to i could see 11 780 to be on just because like the rate like so like we have the smt and also on the 15 minute too and also like he came down
Took that you made equal lows right there ran the lows, right? usually when you have these pulses like the take structure like that or like this and then you have a Big fair value gap. You always see like this price action This is actually really early ICT stuff too. So like let's say you have this massive fair value gaps Alright and really it's gonna be like looked at like a liquidity void
so then you kind of like will consolidate or hash it on this farther like let's say you're fair value gaps up here and you know you're not just gonna like stop and like it's kind of like the same ideology is not creating the first half of a poi you're not just gonna do this yeah like it's not gonna be that easy it's gonna be something like this
then it's going to take all that and then that is where you start to try to long up into and this is really the ict 2022 mentorship um entry but it's just a more complicated explanation it's just once you expand and you create that void or create that imbalance and take liquidity you're going to get that second run and that's what that's what that reserve or fuck the reversal pattern is and you can use it on any time frame you look at a five minute it kind of did give it right here pretty clean
have like that right there push up trade back down here took that liquidity there now showing upside that's that's kind of what i was saying before first i looked at this and i was like oh that looks like a good short on the f right here and i was like i don't know yeah if i would i mean you're probably good where you're at but i just really don't like those two rejections from this morning like you know i tried to push above that breakout point twice and failed i mean we could go for a third test and
this right here right there yeah yeah i mean the only reason i think it failed is because it took out all these highs i didn't even take them nope it did barely did like it took those highs and then you had like the overall entry model we i like to use with the low and came up to a premium of that impulse move so you i'm like this
From that and then I've really took the end of a bad day like this when you kind of targeted that It's showing upside in my opinion now 11-7 when terrible idea
And also another thing to think about too and when we talked about on Monday or yesterday's stream was the targets on DXY like these are higher longer targets and this is why I like low-hanging fruit because the shit that you know people think aren't I'm gonna reverse like I was even like ah I don't know I think it might go higher but you still want to keep that in mind and Then you know now it looks like we want to hold displacement. So if that is the case One hour we already have right so like if we kind of the daily thing the one hour shifts down
that would lead to a little bit of a bearish narrative for dxy if we look at the monthly levels this is why i really like these a monthly order block you have a weekly fair value gap sitting right on it like like right there also you have another week walk right there you could see lower pricing on dxy because if we yeah but even with uh dxy dumping recently we've been seeing like
um negative correlate or uh negative correlation you know i mean it hasn't been running with indices like you know you'd think it would yeah i mean i don't know it's been pretty it's not like i know you're saying sometimes it's not but like why does this look um not it's indices are dumping in
Yeah, cuz it was dumping and DX why I was just down like point fifty percent on the day the other day and we were down a couple percent Which was really surprising to me. Yeah, I'm telling that oh, and that's a good term That's a good way to look for manipulation a lot of times, too If that happens you can have SMT here. So like for instance like
um let's say if dxy was making a lower low right here you also had a lower low here or if dxi was um not making a higher high while you were making a lower low that's the way ict it's just it's all it is to determine is like manipulate that's a genuine move this normal because it could if it's normal you know your inverse should move inversely if it's not moving inversely there's probably manipulation
The only thing making me think, like, people are getting better entries on USD pairs for CPI next week plus. We got unemployment claims tomorrow and PPI on Friday. Yeah. So, like, I don't know. Like, this could just be that shop day where everybody's just making their decision and getting better entries. Yeah.
We have news tomorrow. Yeah, Friday. Yeah, we have no news until Friday. Well, we got unemployment claims tomorrow, but that's only an orange folder. But that could easily send us down. I mean, seeing how NFP was last week and all those employment claims last week, I think if we see a bad unemployment claim tomorrow, it's going to really hurt indices.
Because that'll just determine, like, hey, they're going to have to raise rates higher. They're going to have to do a lot more stuff.
Well, if unemployment's bad, that means that they'll be less aggressive to raise rates. Because if unemployment's bad, it's because companies are having to lay people off due to money being more expensive. So bad unemployment is actually in long-term bullish for as far as an interest rate perspective. Well, I just mean the numbers. I don't mean like bad unemployment. Yeah, there's bad unemployment for sure. I mean like just numbers-wise. I don't trust anything that's not a red folder.
Yeah, I mean it's a good gauge for like actually let's pop up let's do some do some shit oh Get the five year T notes look at Oh, yeah, actually what we want to see here is some form of the urgent Wait, actually, all right. This should actually oh I don't know
We are really close to the quarterly shift on market last time. What is USDX? I mean, I know it's USD. It's just a different chart. What's different about it? Honestly, I really couldn't tell you. It's just a different feed. USD index and there's XY, but I just use it because I don't have as much chart. This is the last time whenever everybody thought that...
or not everybody thought I shouldn't say I think everybody thought the interest rates were gonna get increased this was kind of like a confirmation you look this is in August this is ten days or so before the Jackson Hole and before the August dump so whenever you're looking at a five-year notes here to DXY if you have a divergence that is bearish for the the bond market on market goes
Down or it looks like it's gonna go down you anticipate Increasing interest rates which then gives you a bullish dollar if the bond markets are looking like they want to rally then you anticipate Decreasing interest rates and a bearish dollar So you use a lot of stuff but SMT is really nice with it. So like for instance where we're at right now I haven't really seen any kind of divergence here, but we might have had something and right see
Holler I was low high nevermind. I was feeling me. That's normal normal and no divergence I realize actually Look we have this right here and we have a massive lower low on the bond market That shouldn't happen. So what are you thinking? Well that along with like let me look at some on tea now
pretty bullish for bonds shit i would think yeah that would be that would mean interest rates are likely to decrease
The bond markets are likely to rally which this looks bull talk to me And the SMT divergence and this is a little different than a lot of people would use I use it with the like with the low and low some people only use higher highs and lower low but So I use it. That's how I use it over here and it was definitely correct That's why and if any of those watching or that don't remember weren't here for the video Recall the stock market rallying from the bottom in June or July on June July
um go watch it's literally on my youtube it's will the markets recover 20. and this is exactly the same if you want to get like an in-depth tutorial on how to do this um so i mean pretty bullish structure there on bonds obvious bear structure here on the dollar got that volume imbalance we're reacting off of and the one hour is exhibiting bearish order flow look here on a weekly chart got this massive liquidity void
We've also got equal highs at the top that look what a lot of times liquidity voids you'll see completely swept It's not a weekly part. I don't know man pretty bullish for bonds and the five years are more Idiot as I'm glad we brought up on the subject. Yeah, that could be
something i'm gonna keep an eye on this um yeah what you would look for is if if the bond market's likely to rally that means you would anticipate so what that means is um basically if the interest if interest rates go down or they stop hiking them as fast money becomes cheaper so to speak than anticipated so if money is cheaper to banks banks are more willing to lend if banks are more willing to lend people are more willing to spend money
housing markets saying um leveraged funds are able to acquire capital there's a lot of it's like a ripple effect you know what i mean so and i'm pretty sure i know j-pow just said recently that they were considering a slowdown in december but that to me i don't trust that and this couldn't this doesn't mean it's going to be the next thing you just say something but it just means that um large funds are starting to anticipate a potential um slowdown yeah
I just don't think so with those numbers last Friday. That's exactly why we dumped NFP. Yeah, but that's the thing. NFP, were they bad? I didn't even look because I was on vacation. So if NFP, if unemployment is higher, that means they have to stop raising interest rates. So why don't I just type in Forex? Oh, Forex Factory. Yeah, but I was reading also the biggest drops in the bear market occurred after the Fed has pivoted.
yeah yeah no i mean that's for sure like it definitely i'm not saying the market's not gonna drop i'm just talking about interest rate no yeah for sure what is it it's usually it's really bearish when like things like this just don't make sense in the market like the dollar dropping no this is and if he's dropping and so um why the fuck did they have forecasted 200k are they smoking meth
Bro, they want to make shit look better before the numbers, so they trap everybody. I mean, but that's like a massive... It's like a fucking... It is. That's what I was thinking, too. It's like a 30% fucking drop. But, um... Yeah, so that's why the DXY didn't... Yeah, but it couldn't even hold that shit. It didn't even do that. Honestly, it really didn't much. Yeah, it didn't. Should have seen a massive push.
Like, really, I'm surprised my short worked out with how DXY was looking, but the setup was there, and I took it. A lot of manipulation. I think I got a good, I think I got a decent average in on my shorts, though. Top of today's range. If it breaks out of this range, I'll just stop out for some decent profit. I just realized what time it is, guys. I'm probably going to hop off here, and...
I got those euro limits set as you guys got free but um Yeah, if you guys have any questions, you know how to get at me I'm gonna start scheduling the streams to be my just so much better than my old shit and I'll probably put out a video today, too. I'm gonna try to start putting out more more stuff for you guys, but
