Good morning. Yeah, I was looking at FTM. We talked about this yesterday. It came all the way down into this old demand zone and then saw a nice shift in structure, not only on the 15-minute swing structure, but on the four-hour internal structure. Now we return to origin after we refine that demand zone down and new demand has been created. So this actually looks really good. One of the better setups in crypto, in my opinion, right now.
It's just right now with FOMC and everything, it's kind of finicky trying to play stuff. But I'm going to keep an eye on this one, specifically what I'd be looking for. Probably return up into somewhere in this region up here.
We're already kind of treading up into that territory and then after that you could maybe see this reversal down to this demand and Then from there. I mean we look pretty good. You know I'd be targeting this high but I'm not sure if I'm going to play it because
of FOMC. It's usually a good rule of thumb to sit out super volatile news like that. But I set alarms for it. It's something to keep eyes on. Hopefully this setup just kind of does its own thing, maybe pumps a little bit or does whatever FOMC does to the market, and then it can give us the time to get back into this position because it's not something you want to really rush into.
There's a ton of news coming out this week as well. I'm sure you guys are soft flow just posted EGLD sure so you came down on the weekly I just do this from the top You got this weekly break of structure right there
So with that, now we have a new weekly high and weekly low where we're at right now. But, you know, we could mark these, but at the end of the day, it's nearly pointless with some of crypto just because the charts are so insane. So we know the weekly is bearish, daily is bearish as well. Our daily market structure is a little bit tighter. We're not so spread out. We can mark that.
So now we've got our daily high and low. We're getting really close down to this old demand zone. Actually, it seems like it had been tapped into here. Actually, I would probably mark this as our demand zone. We're fine from there because that zone we had already been tapped into, so it's already been mitigated at that point. And then when I look over here,
If I really want to refine this, you know, where did the buying really start? I mean, you could say this zone down here is where we got our first, you know, internal break of structure right here. But, you know, to me, this is much more of a high value zone because we got a break of swing structure, daily swing structure with that. So it looks like we tapped into that zone.
So, you know, now if we can start to see signs of a pullback, maybe we get a little bit more price structure develops. We get that internal breakup structure in the daily. You could maybe start to look for some relief longs. Of course, they'd be counter trend, but that's how we use these changes of internal structure to determine when, you know, a pullback's beginning. Now, the daily or the four hour range is really wide, just like it's the same as the daily range. So, you know, at this point, we can just take a fib.
and throw it on here and look for once price starts to show us signs of reversal maybe look for a return somewhere up above equilibrium in a premium because the the assumption here is that price is just going to
you know, come up here and mitigate maybe some of these supply zones and then just continue down and take out this week low. So, you know, when you're in longs, expect it to be choppy on the way up and don't, you know, hold it to, you know, a lot of people want to get in crypto down here and just hold it all the way. And there's no reason to do that. It's just, you're just gambling at that point. But, I mean, you are in the zone where I would look for a reversal, have not got it yet.
um four hour has not got you haven't got really any kind of breaks of internal structure um yeah with four hour you could be setting up to have something over here and said 67.9 equal highs i mean 67.9 this up here what you said it was a 67.9 hold on let me go to crypto chat okay so 67.9 i'm guessing you're talking about um
I really don't see any equal highs of any interest here, to be honest with you. I mean, you might be able to find something like, I really don't know where you're looking, to be honest. Maybe on a one hour or a lower time frame, 67.
Yeah, I mean, I don't see it. I don't think there's many low timeframes. Yeah, I mean, don't worry about that. Like, that's not, you know, something that you could worry about maybe is like, okay, there's equal highs up here. But this, again, this means nothing to us because we're in a totally different range. And we don't worry about that when we're nowhere near it. I'm sure there's equal highs all through up here. You know, there's probably equal highs.
Way higher, you know, but actually maybe not with EGLD. But, you know, don't worry about that. You know, what we want to focus on first and foremost is our structure, which is bearish on the month or the weekly, the daily, four hour. 15 minute might be switching. We'll see. Yeah, 15 minutes. I mean, this is some ugly price action. I mean, really, your swing structure is still bearish. This was your swing. So you're still just playing within this range.
So you're starting to show signs of new demand creation. You're breaking internal structure, breaking more internal structure, but slept under these lows. I wouldn't pay this much mind yet, but you are in that zone where you could start to reverse. Price might start to do its thing, but I wouldn't pay it too much mind yet. Excellent. That was somebody else in chat. Yeah, I mean.
I would just wait on this one. Really, the only chart that I've looked at that I'm interested in longs yet is Phantom. You see, you broke that 15-minute swing structure. You cleared out liquidity. You came back down. You respected this demand zone. You came into it. You got an internal break of structure. That's showing signs of strength. The four-hour broke this internal structure. See, on EGLD.
and we failed to do that so there's not really much sign of strength there for me um xlm weekly on this one's actually much better than most coins like as far as um right here i'd say a much better looking chart and uh as far as like not bullish but i'm not when i say it looks better i don't mean it looks more bullish but it looks less just like a complete ponzi scheme there's actually structure to it
Weekly high and low. So now let's go to the daily. We know we're bearish in the weekly. Bearish in the daily as well, it looks like. For me, we're going to have the range here on the daily as the weekly because I don't use it for breaks of structure. It's the same area you broke structure there on the daily as it was in the weekly. So we've got a pretty clear range on our high time frames. The supply zone up here.
or right before everything fell off a cliff. That could be a point of interest if we start to reverse. 4-hour here hasn't switched or hasn't even broke structure down. There's a couple coins. ADA has done the same thing. You got WIC under it, but you did not get a closure. So, let's see. I'll mark this as our... I don't need to mark...
Actually, I might as well. That way I can kind of remember. One thing I will say, though, is when you start to see the daily low, the weekly low, the four-hour low, all that at the same level, that's when you start to see a lot of liquidity being engineered. Because as far as larger institutions look, that's a huge point of liquidity. If it's the low on all the higher time frame swings. So here we've got our four-hour high.
It's a little tighter than everything else, but we're still bearish under this. Without a closure, we're bearish. Now, if we break down and close under this level, then we're going to be moving this high over to this area, which this is probably going to get taken. We're in a bearish market. The weekly is bearish. The daily is bearish. Everything is bearish. So whenever we're looking at order flow, we expect price to come down here, make a lower high, take out the week low.
which if you use Wix, it already did, but that's not enough for me. So go back and see if there's really any kind of interest where we're at, why we're not moving to the downside. Yeah, I wouldn't touch this for a while. I'd want, you know, like an A sense for I'd be looking to be where the next point of value I see.
And if anything, you could look to position yourself short. You know, once price starts to, we could maybe see a move up to this area, fill all these inefficiencies, and you could look to go short. But I wouldn't touch this yet for longs or shorts. It's just in that indecisive area. You know, the 15 minutes now bullish.
It doesn't really seem like a very healthy trend, in my opinion. You're not even coming down and mitigating. Maybe this week low will get taken. It could be inducement after you fill this gap up here. But if we don't, then it's just like whatever we have, everything's bearish, and then you see the lower time frame switch bullish, and you start to get this kind of price action where really this price should have came down here, had a nice healthy move, and started to pump up and mitigate each.
demand zone as it started to create it. When you see that not happening, usually it's just a pump up to mitigate a higher time frame supply zone, and it's going to continue to the downside. So game plan of XLM for me would be wait for the 15 to switch bearish in short, or wait for the 15 to go up here and switch bearish in short, but I wouldn't look for any longs. The time of FOMC, I think it's 2 p.m.
I don't know if that guy's in here. I typed it in chat as well. Is it 2 or 2.30? Yeah, it's at 2 p.m. There's a ton of news this week. Like, ton of shit. Somebody said SRM. SRM's weekly range is much better than most. Surprisingly, I was expecting this to be crazy, but you got a weekly break of structure right there. You get your weekly high and low.
I think this is really whenever you guys are mapping out some TA on a coin, you always want to make sure you start from a crypto. I do the weekly. Forex is going to do the monthly. Because what you're doing is you're developing that bias. Everybody's going to want to go long. But if you realize, hey, we're bearish on all time frames, it might take you a little bit more to get into a trade. You might be a little bit more conservative with longs.
So, you know, start on your weekly, plot your weekly swing range, you know, plot your weekly demand zones, see what you could come up with. And maybe if you start, if you see, say for instance, if you see on the weekly, you know, this internal change of character when we break above like this, say this is our internal high.
So, you know, price came down, it failed to make a new low right here. Then the price came up, pulled back, and it made a new low right there for the previous candle. So that's going to be your high. You know, say if you came up and broke this and then came back down and moved, that's when you can start to look for that weekly pullback up into a premium of this zone. You know, where are you going to go? Supply zones within a premium.
But until then, we have no reason to think that. Everybody just wants to buy crypto right now because they think they're going to mess up by not buying it. So daily swing range is really the same for me. Or no, I could consider that a swing right here. That's enough for me. So this would be my daily high. Daily low is still the same.
So our daily range is kind of tightening up a little bit. Not as, you know, crazy. To be fair, though, we've already really pulled back. Oh, no. I wouldn't say that yet. Because this Wix is kind of odd. So now we go to the 4-hour. 4-hour range is actually tightened up really nice. So when this starts to happen, this is where I get a little bit more. Okay, this coin might be.
uh starting to cool off a little bit because you know when we look for our range it wouldn't be insane for srm to come up and break this you know wouldn't like like whenever bitcoin was range when we had this was the range you know it wasn't going up there um well not srm at least bitcoin kind of did but um you know clear bearish order photo we had a break of structure there price came up mitigated bearish uh break of structure so
Nothing to get excited about, yes, or yet, but, you know, it's getting there. Casper. What's up? What are you thinking about HNT? Shit, I'll look at it in a second. Hmm. I mean, sorry, I'm an odd plot. This zone, you got the institutional candle. We're going to refine this. Let's see. Now, see, this four-hour, this is the kind of price action you want to see.
We got that change of character, and we can use Wix for internal structure. Got that change of character, came back down into this demand. Now, all this can be refined, of course. You know, you wouldn't really be trading over... Hold on one second. I had a text that was important from my kid, but...
So here, really, we could use, you know, this whole zone, I mean, theoretically, but, you know, we're not going to get that good at risk or reward if you are looking to trade this. And I'm going to go over GJ, that Forex play that we got in yesterday. And this is kind of the same logic, but we refined it down. So when we look here on the four hour, we've got that internal break of structure. So what this shows us is that new demand has been created. So after, you know, after we get a four hour break of structure.
or any breakup structure, what do we expect? We're going to expect a pullback. How do we determine that pullback is going to begin? Whenever the internal structure starts to shift character to a bullish, where we see some bullish price action and that demand creation. So you can wait for a double confirmation of this because here now we have supply. So we see demand was introduced to the market to push price up. Now, I know this is a down candle.
And theoretically, you only use up candles for supply. But I know that there's supply in here because this is where the selling started. There was displacement after it. We're going to go in a 15 minute and refine all this. But one could wait for this to say for confirmation. You know, that'd be a more conservative approach. Got to mark these. They'll show up. So now that we come in here, we can say, OK, where is the demand within this area?
This is not the prettiest price action. Is this the insight? No. I guess you just mark this last down candle. It seems like that's what hit. It didn't really tap into it. It's close. I mean, the SRM kind of is a shit coin, so I wouldn't be prized if it doesn't really respect some of this. But also, again, the same logic I was saying about that one down candle, you can use these institutional candles, which are the last candle before displacement, as a...
Supply zone because we know on a lower time frame there is demand in there. I would have liked this zone as well. If we would have been looking back here, I would have watched for this zone because it was a flip zone. But we could say demand was introduced somewhere in this region. And then now we have this supply up here.
So it took this supply to push us down. So when we look for the areas of interest, we want to look for like where did the selling really begin? You always want to just don't overthink it. I would look right here.
We have that inside bar for that low time frame distribution price came up kind of just sat there for a minute and then started to push down So we know that supply entered the market there If you get a break above this we can look back down, you know on the four hour for wherever the Demand was created and that's how you can try to trade counter trend and be a little bit more conservative So once we get that break above that we can say okay, well
Demand's in control of the market. The buyers have stepped in. Supply is being violated. We're making internal highs, higher highs and higher lows, and we're due for that four-hour pullback. Okay, where are we due for it or due to go? We mark this up. Go maybe on a one-hour or 15-minute and find areas of supply. If it were me, I'd probably say,
This candle right there because it's the last candle before displacement before our fair value gap. Also, there was displacement until he broke structure here. So I'd like that zone. And, you know, say if you were you waited for price to break up here, come back down to maybe this one hour order block or this institutional candle, wait for confirmation the 15 minute, just how we use the four hour, that internal structure break as confirmation to show that new demands being created at that level, then you can go get into some locks, but
I think it's important to be a little bit more conservative with buys whenever you're bearish on all time frames. It's not to say they can't be done, but they should be done correctly. HNT. I got you, Granny. Good old HNT. Honestly, this looks like it's going down. You might get a pump up first, but if I was looking at this, I'd be targeting.
This low right here. We'll go to the weekly and stuff. I just wanted to look at the four hour range But yeah, it doesn't look good. So weekly Price is bearish our range is ridiculous. You know top of our range is 60 bucks. It's about pointless to withdraw but Next area of any demand I see would be like four dollars forty six cents Get that weekly fair value gap demand zone
So, I mean, you did get a weekly change of character here, though. And you did sweep out a lot of lows. So, you know, I mean, I don't really see demand over here. I'm sure there may have been something in this wick if I go into a lower time frame. But you did sweep this low, and you got that weekly change of character right here.
Broke that. Moved up pretty hard, but it seems to be respecting this demand as well. So on the weekly, it doesn't look terrible. I definitely do for a weekly pullback. I think everything is, but I'm saying we're going up to premium. That's kind of a stretch, in my opinion. I mean, theoretically, you'd look for something up here, but I don't think H&T is going up 40 bucks.
But you could mark it up. See, I'll leave this up here. We also got some supply zones down here, but they're in a discount. The daily swing range is bearish as well. It looks like it's going to be the same as the four hour. We've got this institutional candle up here as well. Probably wouldn't even worry about that, actually. The four hour, though, when we go down to the four hour,
Let's mark this premium to discount. So this is what I mean. See, look with HNT what happened. So price came down. It got our break of structure. You know, how did we know when that pullback was going to begin? Well, whenever we got this daily change of character. So we change character to upside.
Came down to that demand, respected it. But you already came in at this premium. So theoretically, you're not due for much more. Given the current market structure, you're really not due to go any higher, theoretically, because we already went into a premium and we saw sellers step back to the market pretty heavy at this four-hour supply. So where I would look is somewhere up in this region for more sales.
You'll probably go up here though somewhere in this area. Maybe you could just draw this last candle right there I know if I refine it, we're gonna be able to Draw something a little bit more specific. I would just say this whole region right here So you might get you might get back above $10 Briefly But I at that point, you know, I'd like to sell because this is where you really had that That range failure
And that's where price really started to sell off. And you can see before that, you know, all of the newly introduced supply was satisfied and respected. So we saw the market was clearly bearish at this point. The price goes, moves down, internal break of structure, moves up to supply that sponsored it, moves down, break structure, and so on. What we see right here, we didn't do that. So that tells you there was a lot of selling here. It pushed price down really hard. You know, we can see that too. That's where we got these big breaks of structure.
Four hours shifting character. It's very animated, big displacement in the market. So, you know, at that point, you can really pinpoint these zones and figure out where the selling really began. And then we have that fair value gap. So, you know, if anything, one would look to go short up there and target all these lows down here and this weak low here. But, yeah, good old HNT, man. Poor HNT.
Bro, kiwis are the shit, man. How many of you guys, in rays of hands, eat kiwis with skin? Have you ever done that? Ever done what? I just joined. No, I know. I eat kiwis with the skin on them.
eat what with the skin on it kiwis kiwis yeah that's it's not bad bro if i roasted the kiwi like grill roasted kind of like you do pineapple i'd do it like that but i would coat the the kiwi skin so i would make like a a lemon salt or lime salt brine and dip them in that so it caramelizes the brine on the skin and then it should taste really good
Yeah, see, Oscar said he's under the same president. Other people have told me I'm crazy for that. So many people. BNX. The market just broke so many longs. Oh, yeah. Oh, man. Go to the AMD chart. People were long on this, right? If you go to the five-minute chart, you'll see what I'm talking about. It looked good. And then, I don't know.
that liquidity right at 10 30 a.m yeah i literally had i used this indicator and we literally had um oh my god emotional damage it's going for the equal lows
try to think with this i was expecting a move a bullish move today like i don't know yeah i think that we still might get i'm sitting on the sidelines personally i'm not gonna with it today but yeah i haven't made a trade but i was expecting this right here why isn't it showing a preview of my chart over here copy the chart image that's what i do you can control you can do control shift s it just does it automatically
Somebody said BNX. I'm going to look at BNX. We've actually been talking about BNX for a fucking minute, bro. I was expecting ES to do that. Yeah, I could see something like that. There's a supply right there. I was expecting it to get a nice bearish reaction on supply and then start maybe trending back up.
wait are you watching cashew con am i like blind hold on oh he's probably i forget i'm on youtube too okay i'll do bnx okay so um during this whole move we really didn't even see much um downside so it's showing strength everything's still bullish daily still bullish weekly still bullish actually the week i don't think we have a swing structure sorry daily still bullish and the four hours bullish
And price is just respecting demand. We had this massive move to the upside. Price came into that zone.
This is what I look at more like orders are accumulating. Maybe this is Wyckoff accumulation. I don't really mess with that stuff, but I see lows being manipulated, retail longs getting stopped out, and then new demand being created. As long as this holds, which I'd be weary of this just because of the state of everything, but it looks good. We do have a lot we can push down. We could sweep down.
and really push into some of these inside barbed guarantees. There's some demand here that never has been tapped, and you just see a big push down, clean out all this trendline liquidity that's starting to develop. Actually, it's like ugly trendline liquidity, but it's there. So I need to do some research on what this coin actually is. I'm going to do that right now. I don't know why it goes to magic every time. Binary X. That's a fucking... Oh.
I'd be careful with these fucking play to earn games, bro. Because they can do some crazy shit against TA. Because, for instance, say if something comes out in the game where they have to spend a lot of this currency, it might make it pump. There might be a lot of this currency locked. You know? Chinese company.
Yeah, just be careful with the play to earn stuff. The chart looks good, but that could be because, for instance, I know that, what was it, a Farmer's World token and also Alien Worlds token, there was lockups on them so they couldn't sell off and they looked really strong, but in reality, they just literally couldn't be sold. But, that being said, I mean, I wouldn't buy any equity in this. You could trade it if there's, you know...
Good setups here, what I'd look for is price to come back down. I think I have an alert set, actually. Yeah. Price to come down, sweep these equal lows, fill this inefficiency, and respect this 15-minute demand. That wouldn't be a bad setup at all in my book. And you'd be able to target this high up here. That's what I'm waiting on currently. So if you can get a sweep of these lows, and that gives me all the checks for my trade model. We've created demand multiple times. You get a sweep of the lows.
Come back into this zone and then you can target the weak high above.
That's kind of where I'm at. I guess I know that ManFX calls this the three box method. The three box method. This shit's so funny. I mean, it does hit. I forgot what it looked like it was in. Yeah. One of the videos that I watched when I started, because, you know, I have all those videos in there. So one of the videos that I was watching, he's like, well, I can't call this. What fuck? What does ICT call it? It's the AMD.
Yeah, but he has a specific name for it. Yeah, the Power of Three. So he can't call it the Power of Three because in one of his videos, motherfucker got...
cited on YouTube for copyright infringement. Does he have that shit called trademark? Yeah. Like, you can't mention anything. Like, okay, so if you start getting really popular with, like, smart money concepts and you start using terms that this motherfucker uses, you'll get a cease and desist letter from him. He said it plenty of times even recently because he has a lot of the stuff trademarked.
Yeah, he ain't playing around, bro. You see what he said this morning? I don't think he has the word order block trademark because that goes back to a different... I forgot who made the order block theory, but that goes back way back. I think he came up with it. The way he uses it, at least. Yeah, the way he uses it because he said that not every candle is an order block. That is true. I forgot who the fuck the guy is that...
that i have it written in a book because i was studying order block theory when i first started trading like it could have been him i have no clue i don't remember you know because i just opened up one of my notebooks from 2015 and it has order block theory written in it and it's like chapter one in my journal book i was like what the i was studying this back then what the that's just crazy i gotta miss word on bnb so hard bro look at that
That's what I get for refining. Look how close, bro. Oh, I shorted it from the other one.
I shorted BNB a couple times the last couple days. I shorted it from where you have your first channel. I got lucky and I opened a short before it got into the channel and I was just like, whatever, I'm just going to hold because I don't know where it's going to reject. Super wide stop loss, right? Because I have a lot of BNB so I was just hedging my BNB like I do stocks. And I caught that first leg down.
And then when I saw that big boner candle, I was like, oh, fuck. When it comes back down to this level, I got to sell it to those equal lows. So I sold it on the on the one you missed all the way to the downside before it reversed again. That that where it broke structure to the downside right there. Yeah, I got scared. I should have held it all the way down. I've been in ADA shorts, bro. Just like this one. Yeah, I mean, it's.
it's like 80 is one of the more bullish look at charts and crypto right now in my opinion the majors i i had these literally got break even like look at this
I took my 25% at 4R, but then it literally came this close to my TP. That was a 15-minute target. But then it came up, started to show. I think it was a four-hour strong zone. And then I was like, okay, I'm shorting this shit again, dog. So I shorted it again here. And then I took my 25% at 4R. And we'll see if my 15-minute target is still the same. I like it, though. I mean, I think this is more sell-side now. So that's still my 15-minute target.
four-hour target is going to be this 409. Dude, look at 88. It's four-hour range hasn't even been violated. Oh, yeah. That's why I'm like, bro, that shit's going to get taken. But we'll see how FOMC does. I mean, I'm de-risked, so it's like whatever, but I want this shit to drown.
it's crazy how like big the moves with ada are like i marked this and i looked at my position like just the percent it's like this is up 50 on um 10x right now does not look like much of a move at all like the whole move like 20 i'm just gonna take a look at some 15 minute charts for stuff you know avax this is a super wide range but i mean that would be your swing range
I already know my high time frame bias with AVAX. Big bear on AVAX right now to like $13. Here, I mean, I'm going to just watch some stuff, but this would be a nice short if we can come up here and the low time frame start to break structure the downside.
This is another coin that I wanted to get in. I misword on this one, too. I think I deleted the thing. I literally did TA for someone on Twitter. I told him exactly. I was like, this is going to come to this zone. I'm going to get a change of character. And then it did, and I just never sent an alert for it. And look at that shit, bro. I added the person. I was like, bro, I hope you didn't sleep on me. Straight fucking nosedive from 23 bucks.
Yeah, I like this if we can come up here and start to reverse. I'm just not going to trade on FOMC. Or at least I'll trade after it, but not until it's done. There's a ton of news just in general this week, dude. Like a ton of shit. All right, Bitcoin breaks. Switch to the downside again. I haven't even looked at Bitcoin today. Yeah, I mean, this would be our new swing range for Bitcoin.
You're kind of due to pull back a little more, but you did technically come into a premium. I mean, if you just reject from there, that's so bearish. Like, if you just literally just barely tap up to equilibrium and reject, that just shows something's extremely still bearish. But I would look at this in this area right here. We've also got... Oh, no, I think it looks like I got cleared out. Yeah, it did. Yeah, this shit is not looking good.
What's the expected rate? Is it 75? Yep. Last week, 75 was only a 4% chance. That's why the market started freaking the fuck out. Fed futures started railing. He came out and said 150. He said 150. Yeah. That'd be insane. That'd be so bad. He wouldn't do that.
Good ol' Eve. Phantom's looking good for some longs. I know that sounds crazy, but I'm waiting. I think it was like weekly, or was it daily? I think I refined this zone from like a daily. It's this daily demand zone, this daily flip zone here. Price came into it. We got an internal break of structure. Price returned to origin. Then you got a 15-minute break of swing structure.
So now I'm like, damn, this does not look bad. But I'm going to keep my eye on it. I've got another set. Somebody said when Celsius is getting licked. Honestly, I haven't kept up with that too, too much.
If people are going to treat it like fucking Luna and try to buy to make money, I could see it already. I remember whenever fucking USDT, I don't know if he's even in here anymore, but he bought Celsius at like three cents in like August 2020. He fucking made a bag off that shit. Let's go over this. I wanted to read this tweet that Playboy shared. Let's see.
So this is what I was curious about is who they're borrowing money from. That's the problem. Like if 3AC is borrowing a shitload of money, that's going to fuck everything up. Your last number was tagged at 18 billion. Damn, I wanted to go fucking short on the market. Well, long on the market to short, but it didn't give me the opportunity. It just started pulling back from this other supply level I had. Holy shit, liquid down 70%. Yeah, Starkware is going to get fucked by this too.
Yeah, this is basically saying that, you know, three arrows capital going under, you know, is going to cause a butterfly effect of really bad, you know, just damage to big money within the market because all of, you know, Celsius and...
BlockFi and everybody lent them money. So now, you know, they have the choice of basically, you know, taking the loss on what little assets or what little money's left from the assets that 3AC has or continuously going under.
What this is saying, I don't want to say this is for sure or not. I always am careful with stuff on Twitter because I've read total threads about shit that's just complete bullshit. Who is this that posted it? Playboy posted it in Archive. The guy who posted it on Twitter is Degen Trading. Everything sounds legit. I've seen some people posting it like ETH2. Look at the thing I tagged you. Well, I didn't tag you in it, but it's in Smart Money. I put up a...
a guy named Paul Heeman. He called out TRX shorts right after the Luna incident. And he called out the Luna incident prior to that. He's like, he's the one that one of his group members got 68,000% on the short on Luna.
I'm trying to find it. Do you just scroll up, go to crypto, and then just scroll up. It's right above TENS Wiener. Oh, TENS is in here? Yeah, TENS is in here. Oh, yeah, I didn't even know that. Yeah, TENS and Leucosas are probably some of the smartest people in the other group that have a non-denominal bias on things when they trade.
Because they know about macroeconomics. Because some people say it's like, yeah, I don't know. Oh, the Pablo Herman guy you said? Yeah. Okay. I couldn't find it. I thought I was looking for like a tweet. Yeah, that dude right there, bro. Fucking nuts. Nuts.
like once you go read his his shit like you just go through it you'll be like oh shit okay so this guy knows what he's talking about he's not talking bullshit like he breaks down why not just saying hey i'm gonna short this you know right so he breaks everything down y'all have to go check some shit out bitter coins he's hilarious it's funny
Yeah, see, there you go. He's been on Business Insider and shit from his analytics.
Like that's one thing I can do. I can get articles written about us because I know people that work for Daily Mail, Forbes. Yeah, you can get a lot of that shit like Yahoo, all that shit. Yeah. I know the people because I've gotten other people articles listed on. Let's see. I got one for Forbes. My friends.
One of my best friends, his name's Alan. His cousin ended up on Forbes in 2015, 30 under 30. Damn, hell yeah. So I got an article written about him. Who else? I got a couple articles written about one of my boys. He's for the Daily Mail. So he can get verified on Facebook and Twitter. You know, shit like that. Hell yeah.
Oh, yeah. The market's going to pull back right here. Great. Since Tesla falls below that level, it's out. Oof. Hold these motherfuckers to be careful at this level. Yeah, I feel like usually, too, with F1C days, even if we do end up pumping, usually you see the volatility, the downside first. I want us to dump. So my short sprint.
I'm watching the Euro USD come down to the next zone of supply. Sorry, the next zone of demand. I do that all the time, get it backwards. And then GBP, JPY is showing signs of weakness. It's putting in a retail head and shoulders. All that liquidity got breached too. London highs. Everything's getting wrecked right now. Everything formed this really wide swing range. AVAX and Solana both did.
This was nice price action here, though. I mean, once price came down here, got that internal structure break. Put it right after price shot back down into this demand. This last down candle pressed right back up. This was like super tight price structure. I mean, most people wouldn't even have caught that. Came right back into this demand and off from there. Would have been a nice little scalp. It was 5 in the morning. I doubt most people were trading at that point, unless you're in London.
Europe in general, not just London. I just say London because of the London session. You saw what I wrote about the ECB? Yeah, they're talking today, right? Yeah, they're going to definitely raise rates for sure. Yeah, this week's interesting. It's going to affect it pretty hard. Definitely going to be an interesting week. Yeah, for sure. That's why I was bearish on EU.
Because if they raise rates, they'll be bullish. Oh, yeah, I'm definitely bearish on you. Yeah.
And then GBP, JPY, like bearish, but bullish. Same. Kind of weird. Literally. Because they have a lot of debt. I don't know if you know that. Like their debt to GDP ratio, they're the highest debt in the world. They have 259% over their GDP and debt versus America having 100 and like 118% or something like that. I'll tell you the exact numbers in a second.
I have it pulled up right here. Debt to GDP, Japan's 256.9%. America is, it gives us a nice thing to compare. The U.S. is 133.3%. Our debt, the U.S.
If you grab our total population, it would end up being that everybody in the U.S., kids, women, and children, newborns, they owe 90K. They start off 90K. That's what that's equivalent to. Gosh, that's crazy. I'd like all this to get swept out. If we can maintain this full of structure, it'd be nice. I could even see...
idealistically i wouldn't want gj under this level over here so far so good though in my opinion we came up clear these equal highs and we ran above that and we're getting closures above these levels so forex to me that's a big deal crypto is just kind of weird but whenever you get those kind of closures like that um that shows you that wasn't necessarily just a liquidity raid
We'll probably come down and remove the sell side. I think we come down to that area you have highlighted down there and then pull up and blow through that order block right there. Not the order block, the fair value you got. I'm going to look at gold.
Gold on FOMC can be very interesting. It doesn't look good, in my opinion. Yeah, the only reason I don't like playing gold is because those stops. Oh, my God. Yeah. There's nothing you can do for it not to be a... Insane fucking position size. Insane stop loss. Bro, watch some crazy shit happen.
Just straights a lot. That's the shit gold doesn't f1c bro. You'll like see something crazy like this And it'll wick into this with like some volatility and then start flying And you're really in and not too shabby POI right now. You're in a little flip zone But I wouldn't be paying too much mind with f1c yet I don't even know what I just watched
Yeah, so really moving forward into the day, I'm going to be pretty –
Just observing. I'll watch stuff. It's always good to watch when you're not in much. I'm still in those ADA shorts. De-risk. I really highly encourage you guys, if you're in positions before FOMC, just de-risk yourself. You don't have to necessarily close them, but if you're in gains, take some. If you're not, set stuff to break even. Don't just yolo, that kind of shit. It's just not a good habit to make. I'm going to hop off here.
Not really much I'm going to be doing with the FOMC, so there's no point in staying on. But if you guys have any questions, just at me, DM me, whatever you got to do to get through to me, and I'll get back to you as soon as possible. I appreciate all of you guys.
