all right we are currently floating a little over nine grand on this trade now and i'm going to give you guys a recap gonna go down exact everything how we went from the losses and the wins and everything in between there we have 10 000 and um let's see how far this trade can go what's up guys i'm currently floating 4 700 in profit on this trade
and i want to break down the simple strategy i use to catch it i also want to break down two losing trades that i took this morning and make sure that you guys can get lessons from that and more so learn how to turn a losing day into a winning day so
First and foremost, why did I take any of these trades? Well, I like to simplify things down no matter what strategy you're using as key level plus confirmation or reaction, however you want to word it. Where do we want to do business and what do we need to see in order to do business? For me, I have a set number of levels that I'm going to look for. Some of those levels are time-based levels, meaning the highs or the lows of previous trading sessions or previous trading days.
Now, as you can see here, we have the London high, London low and Asia low marked out. So I'll show you how I find those levels. I just take a horizontal tool. You can find that in trading view by going right over here and clicking this vertical line. And then I like placing these at 6 a.m. midnight. And then I also place one at 6 p.m. the previous day. Now, some people will mark sessions differently. This is how I mark them for the strategy.
incoming people in the comments telling me that i don't know what i'm doing but anyways um so i mark out the highs and lows of each of these ranges as you can see here is the lowest point the highest point lowest point now why did i not mark out the high here because it was already traded through these levels are not to just be continuously used throughout the day you want to pay attention for reactions when they're naked meaning when they haven't been hit they haven't been covered so
That is how I got that level. And the morning trades that I took were around the idea that we had traded into this London high and we had an inverted fair value gap, which is key level was the London high. Reaction or confirmation was the inverted fair value gap. Now, I was looking at this larger fair value gap right here. And once it got inverted, I then went to the one minute and I waited for another confirmation. And that happened right here. So we had swept out this high.
and then we push to the downside with a lot of force so my first trade i took i entered the trade right around here my original stop was here but i moved it up so i moved it up right there and i ended up getting trailed out or no i actually moved it up to this candle i'm sorry right there and i got trailed out now my target was much lower it was down towards this over here but i took a loss there now as the market stopped me out and it went to the downside again right here i took another trade because i thought hey
you know i um i actually was right i just had my stops too tight and i took another trade there and ended up getting stopped out again so took two losses now these were lower position size in terms of well they're the same contracts but i'm lower risk in terms of the stop loss um there wasn't very you know large so i lost some money this morning and you know i was kind of a little frustrated as normal yes everybody still gets frustrated as a trader it happens um
That's part of the game. Even if you've been doing this for me, like I've been doing it nine years, sometimes you'll still get a little frustrated. So when I realized that I was, and I also realized that, hey, if I was right here, this idea would have played out, right? It wouldn't, you know, like if you're right on one of these time-based moves, like you hit it and it reverses, and then you kind of get this dilly-dallying around price action. Like you want to get energetic moves, especially when you get all the confirmations you need and the market doesn't.
go the way you wanted it to, well, odds are there you're wrong. Now, if I hadn't have taken two losses here and I wasn't aware that I was a bit frustrated, maybe I would have taken a long, coulda, shoulda, woulda. But the next level that I was trading towards, and if you guys are in the free community, you would have seen this outlook, which I'll leave a link down in the description to join. But I was looking for this previous week's value area low to get traded into. And I'll go over what that is and how you can find it in just a second.
but after this happened i decided to just wait and come back later after that level was hit and after this level was hit what i wanted to see was two things i wanted to see us either hold above it and get nice displacement to the upside if you're wondering what displacement is it's big energetic moves okay like for displacement you want to see something like this right here where you get a big push you're creating a lot of fair value gaps if you don't know what a fair value gap is it's just the gap between one candle and the candle after its wick
It takes a very expansive candle, and there's no wicks on either side. Now, if you notice right here, there's not any gap between this candle's wick and this candle's wick. It's covered up. There's not much energy or force. The market isn't moving rapidly. While I was over here, the market was. Now, what I wanted to see was after we hit into this level, which is that previous week's value low, which I'll show you how to find in a second. But after you hit into that level, then...
i want to see displacement to the upside i want to see fair value gaps up and you see very small ones but nothing of any kind of force nothing really showing any interest to me however you did start to see displacement to the downside away from this and again like i said earlier at the end of the day trading is just key levels do we have somewhere where we want to do business plus a confirmation which is you know our reaction how is the market either confirming or disproving this level
It looks like we just got trailed out for profit on this trade. So we're fully out. And I'll go over why I trailed my stops up where I did. But after we started to get that displacement to the downside, I saw a pretty clear opportunity and I entered the market and it was targeting the time-based liquidity to the downside, which is that London low. Now, the reason I trailed my stop up is we had hit into another point of liquidity, which was the low of day. So I was looking at it like we might have a problem area here.
But once we started to get that displacement away from this key level, I was pretty confident we were going to have at least some kind of a move. And I'm going to go over, you know, obviously it's just key level, right? We found the key level. We started to get displacement away from it. It's really that simple in terms of, you know, validating whether or not you're going to get an entry. Now, in terms of validating, like if the move is going to be choppy or if it's going to be expansive like we got here, that is where your volume profile over the last couple of days comes in handy. Anytime you have these areas, like think of it like,
the bigger the mountain the harder the climb right so you have a pretty big mountain right here you don't really have much of a mountain here really in this whole area right here you can see there's a nice shelf okay so this is what you call a low volume node i mean technically it would be like there's a couple low volume nodes in this but i look at it like where you have these gaps in the volume profile you can expect price to move pretty aggressively and as you can see the market came up in this we were also in the previous week's value low
which I'm going to show you in a second. I know I keep saying that, but just know it's a key level. And then once we started to get that displacement, I looked, okay, where my entry was right here. I was looking at it like, well, we're displacing into an area where we know that we're likely going to get a quicker move. So we did get a quicker move through that. And then as you can see, where did we have some trouble right when we got to this mountain? Now, the way, again, that you mark this out, you would just go to your indicators, pick the fixed range volume profile.
and you want to mark it on the last five days not counting this this day you're on right now so for example if i was marking this out
I would say, you know, here's the day we're on. One day, two day, three day, four, five. You include the day you have, but you don't include it when you're counting the previous five days. That's the way I mark it out. Volume profiles just show where most of the volume was traded during a specific period of time. So if we see in this last couple of days that we have areas where there wasn't much volume, you know that there's not a lot of traders positioned there.
okay like we know there's a ton of traders positioned right here so we're going to expect to have either you know a little bit of a bounce or some kind of choppy market conditions at these areas that's why i trailed my stops up when i did because we got into this area now when we have these lower volume areas we know the market's likely to move through them pretty quickly that's why i entered the trade as well
So now let's go into this previous week's value low. Now this I get from the TPO indicator. It's time, price, opportunity. The way that I have this set up is on a week. So I'll have the previous week, right? Or just week is the period. So it's showing a profile over a week's time. And then I set the block size to four hours. This is what I set up for for the week. Essentially what that's saying is like each one of these blocks you see represents four hours. And if there was 10 blocks,
that means the market spent 40 hours at that level there's one block that means the market spent one at one four hour candle or less so similar to the volume profile where we see the market not spend much time those are usually going to be areas where the market will either move aggressively through them and then if we have areas where the market spent a lot of time we understand that a lot of people were probably transacting there which is why the market paused and those areas will
provide some kind of chop or maybe a quick short-term relief bounce things of that nature stuff you want to be aware of if you're scalping or day trading now if we look at the previous week which i like to look at previous ranges of time you'll see so this is the current week so we have time and then volume the one that's just more like bars like this is volume blocks is time previous week over here we had the value area low so quite literally you can say that last week traders agreed
that this is where the market was a fair market value but then with these trump tariffs we deviated very harshly out of that and if the market returns to this area where 70 of the trading occurred then we can say that you know there's going to be people positioned here and we'll be able to get a feel of whether buyers or sellers are in control so if there are sellers in control at this level right there then quickly you will see this reaction like we saw you want to see it happen very sharply because the market's coming up to an area
Where previously, sellers took control because the market moved aggressively to the downside. So to see if sellers are still in control, you want to see the reaction to that area to see if they defend those positions. And as we've seen so far, they did. So with that being said, all of these things, to be clear, I know a lot of you guys have learned the first candle rule, which is a very simple five-minute opening range strategy. You have the time-based liquidity rule. This stuff with the profiles.
is just meant to give you a little bit more edge in knowing two things. One, how to avoid losing trades and get in blind spots, if you will, like these levels. Two, how to understand when the market is likely to expand or likely to consolidate. So I've trailed my stop up just down here to each candle whenever we hit into this level because at the end of the day, do I think this is likely to continue? Possibly. I do think it looks pretty bearish.
I don't want to just leave my stops all the way for a loss or even a break even after I've ran that many points and have a good bit of profit on the line. I'm not telling you should just move your stops up every time you see a little bit of green. That's a really bad habit that you shouldn't do. However, it is important to make sure to manage your overall downside, whether that is unrealized gains or losses themselves. Entered another trade based off the same idea that I was in earlier. It says I only have one, but...
It's because I scaled in, which I'll go over in a second. I need to push that back. But essentially, this is not the same idea. Now, one thing I want to give you guys is a little hint here. If you have a very large move away from a key level, like we saw earlier, I already went down and broke that down. And then you start to just hang out at those lower prices after hitting into some kind of swing point, then likely the market's accepting this new price.
You need to understand the concept of acceptance and rejection. So we didn't necessarily get accepted beyond this level. We got hit into it and we had a quick rebound up. But as you can see, the market isn't really seeing any kind of displacement to the upside. Any kind of big moves to the upside, which really aren't even big, fair value gaps are quickly invalidated. Now notice this happens multiple times. So right here, we invalidated these fair value gaps after sweeping a point of liquidity right here.
we also invalidated a fair value gap after sweeping this point of liquidity and we are in this higher time frame fair value gap this 15 minute fair value gap and the market looks like it wants to make another move to the downside now as we talked about before we also do have this very big high volume node which could be something that causes this kind of move meaning that we're expecting even if we're bearish from up here right we're saying that the market's bearish because
We got rejected from the previous week's value area, and we were trying to trade a continuation of this bearish move. We've got the lower timeframe showing bearish signals. So we lean towards the market being bearish. And even if the market's bearish, if we have this high volume node right here, we're expecting a little bit of chop. So just the fact that we hit into this level and bounced around, that doesn't invalidate the bearish trade, okay? You're expecting that kind of chop. Now, we already secured our profits on the first trade.
and we can enter another trade we've got pretty low risk on this about a 29 point stop 28 point stop um so we're able to enter again off the same idea now that we've secured some of our profits from the second trade we can now effectively scale into the same idea now the reason that i did scale in is as we said before there were two different times
the market gave entries right here now this first time i entered in right here and then i scaled in again on that second time of confirmation now originally my stop was a little bit higher on the first trade
When I entered right here, I had my stop in a much smaller position size. It was just one contract up above this five minute candle as this was the last five minute candle that inverted this fair value gap. Now, after I scaled into the second trade with two more contracts, I did want to move my stops up just a tad. So I moved them up just beyond this 980 area, which is just above this inverted fair value gap. Now, what I want to see from here is the market to squeeze through this high volume node. And if we can get on the other side of that, I would expect a pretty big move.
Now, if we don't get some kind of moves shortly, I likely would just exit or really trail up stops aggressively and wait for us to overtake that high volume node and then possibly take a scalp down lower if I'm around because it's getting to that time of the day where I usually am done trading. It's about 1245 right now. So we'll update you further on this trade as it progresses. I'm going to cut this recording. We're going to come back to it as it plays out.
All right, so as you can see, we are starting to displace now on the one minute down into that high volume node. This is typically where you wanna start to see really aggressive movement if we're gonna get it. Otherwise, the market may just chop. So we're up about $2,500 in this new trade. Gonna let this thing ride. Areas I would be watching for, London and Asia Low. This buy limit is just kind of there. It's not necessarily a target. I'm not saying I'm gonna hold all the way down to here, but if we do get some momentum,
you know, we did have a really big manipulation here. Like one thing too, that you can learn from as well, kind of a little discretionary thing, a little trick here. If you have a very big false move, right? Like the manipulation leg, if that moves really big and it's really quickly erased, typically the market's gonna make a big move from that. Like you'll have this like drop base where if we form that new value, meaning like the market moved very, very aggressively, hit into a level and it kind of just sits there, right? That's saying the market's accepting those lower prices.
If you start to see sellers step in again, usually that second leg is going to be very violent as well. And as you can see, we've got quite a bit of liquidity resting under this trend line right here. We've started to form this trend line. We kind of already took out most of the trend line liquidity to be fair, but more so I'm concerned with all these lows down here. And the way I like to manage trades is...
Instead of just having like a definitive target that's very close by, personally, I like to see how the market is responding. Like if we are making an aggressive move, well, then I want to let the market do its thing. I'll just trail up my stop as it moves. That way I can be a part of these massive moves if they happen. And I'm also protecting my downs. I kind of like how we did earlier, how you guys saw me do earlier. I highly recommend doing that because for me, it was one of the biggest breakthroughs in going from being a good trader to a great trader.
I mean, I want you guys to ask yourself, if you are able to hold on to your winning trades, or even half the distance they kept running past your TP, would you be a profitable trader?
Right? Kind of groundbreaking when you think of it like that. And these are the kind of micro optimizations that are going to make you into a better trader. Not so much always just adding a new entry model or adding a new strategy or knowing some secret that you think you don't know. A lot of it comes down to just tweaking and optimizing what you already have. Another way to look at those things is how do you avoid losing trades? Because if you could avoid even half the losing trades that you take, would you be a profitable trader? My guess is yes. My guess is if you were able to do both of those things, you would be a wildly profitable trader.
And the answer to what you're looking for is found there, not in adding more and more and more information and more and more and more concepts and strategies to your system. So we'll come back and give an update on this. We've got this nice displacement down. Ideally, I want to see this continued. Typically, I want to see us flush through this. We're already starting to show a little bit of science to the upside, but we're in this fair value gap right here. If we start to invert that to the upside, I might just exit the trade.
but we'll see how this ends up playing out. Ideally, what I wanna see is pretty aggressive moves away from this to the downside, but NASDAQ does not look like it wants to play nice so far. So we'll come back and see how this turned out. All right, we got our displacement, as you can see. So we're currently up another six grand. Right here, what I'm gonna do is I'm going to move up my stops right there on that beginning of the displacement candle. Now,
What I'm doing here, the reason I'm being a little bit more aggressive is because we finally got that second sweep down. This is also the five minute candle that broke through this low. If you watch my trade recap yesterday, you will see that I use this same exact method for a stop loss placement on an initial entry of a trade. And the reason for that is if we're looking for this continuation, we get this big, big move, then what we want to see the market do is hold through that level.
We don't want to see us have this big move and then retrace it because at that time, what does that tell us? What does that tell us about the traders who we are anticipating? Or what does it tell us about the sellers we are anticipating are in control? Well, that would say that they're trapped because if we have this big move down and then we erase that, then I would say sellers are trapped. So we now have secured about three grand roughly on this trade.
I wanna see if we can get some more price action to the downside. I really like this setup so far. So I'm gonna let this thing ride for now with our stops in profit. I'll come back here and make another quick clip once we have another update. All right, so now we are floating over 10,000 in profits. We just passed this London low. Typically when we have the low of that time range, which is midnight to 6 a.m. and it's not an actual swing low, I'm not gonna pay as much attention to it for a TP.
What I am going to do here, though, is I'm going to move my stops up to this top of this candle right here. So that is 57 and a quarter. I want to see if we can get a nice squeeze through this Asia low. I still do want to manage my stops, even though I'm not really just like trimming fully at this area. So now we've got just under 100 points here on three contracts. So, you know, six grand secured on this trade.
We also were up from the previous trade. So pretty good day so far. I'm interested to see if we start to really get a push to the downside. Again, I just want to bring your eyes back up to this profile. Notice how we got through the higher volume node. We're kind of getting into another one. But if the market does start to really give energy here to the downside, we could get some really energetic moves. So I'm going to keep just letting this trade do its thing. In case I am not watching and we get some kind of crazy free fall here, if the nice orange wizard, Mr. Donald.
comes in and starts yapping about seizing pang or something um would be really nice if he could do that you know whenever it's going to actually benefit me and not instantly have my crypto portfolio but anyways i'm going to leave an open tp i'm not saying i would fully hold it till here uh it's more so just in case again like i just was doing something um usually this time of day i'm starting to work on other projects i've got a lot of stuff to do i just got back from miami the other day so kind of
I'm watching this, I'm managing my stops, but it seems like in this market, you can look away for two seconds and you will see a very big move. So in case we do get a big move and it's just in one candle, I wanna still be in the market. So yeah, now it looks like we're hitting into that Asia low as well. So here, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna watch this pretty closely. I'm going to move up my stops on one of these contracts right here at this candle.
to see if we that way i'm at least securing some profits on 30 of the position if we start to retrace and then my full stop on the rest will be here so now i've secured an extra thousand give or take so i secured about seven grand no matter what happens on this trade um so we'll come back and see how this thing uh ends up but what's hilarious i'll put it on the screen i just had a guy show up for doing maintenance on my cold plunge and i was like literally like hey dude
I am going to explain this really quick. I trade. I'm in the middle of a very big trade. I need you to be on your own here. And he was just like, okay. I was like, buddy, listen, I'm balls deep in a NASDAQ short. You're going to have to make do without me. Anyways, we're still floating good profits here.
I'm going to keep the trade managed as it is now. We have hit into that Asia low. We also hit into these lows over here. So actually, I'm going to move one contract. I'm going to move right up here above these candles right here. It's likely going to get hit soon. If it does, that's fine. I definitely want to secure some of these profits in the case that that does happen. So yeah, I just wanted to make a quick update here. I will keep updating you guys as this plays out. All right. So it looks like this.
trailing stop on that one contract is about to get hit. Also, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take these two and I'm going to move it down here to this 24, 795. That way we secure the last bit of that position. This means that if this gets hit, I'll be out for 30% of the position. I'll cover about four grand in profits there. And then no matter what, I am securing the rest of the position here at 24, 795. Or what could even be better is the market just immediately reverses.
to the downside and doesn't take out my one contract stop and moves all the way down to the complete bottom of the range. And I will be a very happy camper if that happens. I don't think it's going to happen, but we'll see. Just need Trump to start doing his thing.
That's the right direction. Let's go. All right, guys. Now I'm going to show you the secret to my strategy. I never have released this publicly for free. You get this magnet. And if you're in shorts, it must be red. It has to be angled at an exact 30 degree angle. Very, very important that you do this correctly from your target here. Just like so. 30 degrees, not 45, not 45, but 30 degrees.
You have to put it right here where there is an exact correlation there. That's from ICT month 13, the algorithm at work. Now this will immediately move down to our target without fail. All right, so you guys, I'm just going to go ahead and men in black erase your memory from that magnet. It must have malfunctioned because the trailing stop on one of our contracts was hit. So, you know.
Not everything has 100% win rate, guys, even the magnet. But it is the strongest strategy there is. So.
anyways um you know what's actually hilarious is like i've done shit like that and then people think i'm being serious um which is kind of terrifying anyways we have got our stops at that uh five minute candle what i like to do and just explaining the logic here once we start to hit any of these time-based levels i like to trail up my stops to each candle like that's in my direction i'm not just going to continuously do it like to these but like i look at it in a momentum trade i want to see continued momentum like it's one thing to have a pause here
We're still creating a fair value gap like you see right here. There's still a fair value gap, which tells me that momentum still could be in my favor. I like to just keep it at the nearest candle that's moving my direction. So if I'm in a short, I want to keep it at down candle. So I've got my stop there. We'll see if we can get some more squeeze out of this. We already secured about four grand on this trade. And then we have the profits from earlier as well. We also did take two losses here. So just to make sure that we're encapsulating everything.
But yes, it's been an interesting day. I think that the real testament here, guys, is that I showed up this morning. I took two trades based on this idea that we're going to have a big move down today. I ended up taking two losses. OK, what happened? I got aware that I was a little bit frustrated. So I stepped away and said, I'm going to wait for a cleaner setup. I waited for the exact level that I gave you guys, which was my original A plus setup. I even said on this morning's outlook, I said.
that i was looking for this as an a plus setup the only way i would look to trade off of this london highs if we had a clear displacement we had that i ended up taking losses on that idea it is what it is i took lighter risk because i wasn't in an a plus trade and then once we got up to this level that i originally wanted us to move from we started to see what i want and this is the crossroads that most of you guys go down the wrong path because most of you guys you'll get into the market right here you'll take your little cells
And then when the market erases, you say, oh my God, I can't keep going from this. How do I avoid these losses? How do I never lose? Oh, what did I do wrong? And at the end of the day, guys, like you're going to lose. It's going to happen. And most of the time, your problem that you think you have isn't the actual problem. It's your perception of said problem, meaning that you think that your problem is you need to avoid losses. But in reality, you need to accept losses.
You thinking you need to avoid losses in full is why you're not able to be profitable because then what do you do? The market comes up, gives you another opportunity, and what do you do? Well, you avoid losses. And by doing so, you also avoid wins. Do you understand? This is the gap between you and success, not some new strategy, not some kind of information you don't know. Because as you can see, I was able to get not one big move down, but two big moves down.
Okay, yes. Am I controlling my downside by moving my stops up? Sure. I'm making sure that I make money. Yes, I'm avoiding the total loss of profits, but I'm still putting myself in the opportunity. Now, what happens if I would have lost here? It is what it is. I would have came back another day. That's why we have risk management. That's why we have stop losses. Not every day, not every week is going to be a profitable week, guys. And until you accept that and until you stop running from the reality of trading, nothing will work for you. You will literally not be profitable, okay? It won't work.
So you have to understand that if you have an idea and you step up to the plate and you're wrong, take it on the chin, no crying in the casino, and come back. This is what most people do. They get in the market and maybe take a loss. They say, oh my God, I have to completely change up everything I'm doing. And then what happens? They lose the winning trades. But what you have to do is you have to take a loss. You have to still go down the same path. You might go down a little bit downhill, but eventually you will start moving to the upside.
if you have an edge okay and i teach you guys strategies that have an edge i've proven to you guys time and time again live i've proven to you guys with back tests i've proven you guys with everything that the strategies you have access to do work half the time it's just that you're not sticking around because you don't ever want to take a losing trade or go on a losing streak that's just the way it goes so it looks like this trade is going to end up hitting our trailing stop that will secure us for about 10k on this trade um and then we had a nice prop from the other earlier one as well so
If that ends up happening, guys, make sure to subscribe to the channel. So we'll see if that ends up happening. Maybe the magnet does work after all, and we end up just going to the downside.
yeah i think that sounds like a better plan to me just make one 15 minute candle i'm just kidding if that happened there'd probably be something seriously wrong or the the orange wizard would have uh cast another half your portfolio spell on my crypto and then it wouldn't even matter that i made this money because i'd be getting kicked in my face in crypto anyways um yeah we'll see how this plays out
I like the look of this so far in terms of this fair value gap, but our stops are pretty close. So we'll come back and give another update in a minute. And yeah, guys, been a hell of a day. All right, so I am fully stopped out of that trade for a little over 10K in profits on the day. I just wanna thank you guys for watching. I really enjoy making these videos. I think there's probably more value in this for the intermediate trader than there is in any other kind of video because you're actually seeing...
execution and implementation rather than just theory so make sure to subscribe to the channel if you want to join the mentorship i'll leave a link in the description free community all that stuff regardless if you want to work with me directly or not i'm rooting for you and understand that you have everything here for free that you need to succeed the mentorship is just a fast track if you want to learn from my mistakes without having to learn from your own thank you guys for watching and i'll see you in the next video
