What's up? Had to grab some coffee. What's good? What's good? No name. Everybody active in the house tonight. What's up? What's up? Obviously, I can't say I'm surprised. Watch how fast these streams start filling up. More of this will have more people and everybody's happy. Well, I mean, guys, it's been a fucking hell of a day.
uh we've cleared out a lot of major levels still not all the way you know i wouldn't just you know balls to wall saying we're going all to all new or new all-time highs yet but we are looking pretty good main levels to beat are going to be up here right this 50 000 right 50 000 these equal highs up here you're going to really want to watch price structure up there but for now let's celebrate we've been making hella money our bags have been pumping
I haven't looked at this much. I want Bitcoin to move sideways for a little bit, even maybe a little retracement, maybe somewhere down here. We want to give the alts time to run. Don't want to just have endless pumps because they're followed by endless dumps. We want to have seasonality. We want to see money cycle from one sector to the other, just like the good old days, right?
The bull run, we'll use that term. I wouldn't say we're there just yet, but we are looking pretty good. One second, let me put this. One thing I want to go over, I know that most of you guys, I didn't really get too many suggestions.
for stuff to go over my stream, but I did get one request, and that was to explain the long position, and some of you guys may get it, some may not, but the question was, what do all these numbers mean?
All right. Well, first of all, unless you're trading Forex or using lot sizes, don't even worry about your position size or your open P&L or quantity, right? The main takeaways I want you to have, I think I can actually edit some of this. Maybe I can't. It's this one. Yeah.
I had it before. So this is really all you're going to need to, all that really matters, right? This is your amount of pips, right? And your percent. Let's go back to this so you can see. So with Bitcoin, it's pretty easy. You know, pips are dollars, right? Well, actually, that depends on what broker you play. Point in percent for you, Forex guys, you're familiar with what I'm speaking of, but
The main stuff you need to worry about really is just your percentage and your risk to reward, right? Whenever you hear me talking about R, like, oh, it's a 10-R play, it means there was a 10 to 1, right? Which means your profit target was 10 times as far away as your stop loss. And, you know, as a trader, you want to make sure you take high R trades because, you know, I'll break it to you. Any of you guys who've been doing this well know that the best of us lose, right? Everybody takes losses. You don't want your P&L looking like this.
I see people giving signals where their piano looks like two blocks. It's a pointless trade. Even if your TA is right, it's pointless. Why? Because the risk to reward is not there. It's like anything in life. If you don't have enough risk to reward, it's not worth your time. And make sure you value your time and value your money especially. Even two to one, that's all right. Not really great. I like to go for a 2.5 to one, if not three to one.
And it's not hard to get these kind of setups, right? It's really not if you trade the way that I teach you how to trade. For instance, we'll go back on to limits that I have set.
I think it's actually curve charts. Now, we'll see if these come back down and hit. I think that they will. But you see this kind of risk reward, you know, you have 12 and you have 14. This is what you want to be looking for. And don't kill yourself and only, you know.
Some people always want to just, you know, they get 20R or this and that, and they just force themselves to take trades that really aren't there. And you kind of have like an illogical stop loss. Don't be one of those guys, right? Too many people I see are more, you know, infatuated with flexing their P&L than, you know, actually trading correctly.
And sometimes there are opportunities where you'll have 30R. I mean, it happens, right? But make sure you're not trying to chase that, right? And don't only take trades that have 5R. Because a lot of times what I see happening is people, they're chasing these trades just to say they hit them, right? So don't be one of those guys. But for instance, here, you know, if you're patient, right?
we can find some really good setups. You just got to wait for them. For instance, here, you know, you could say, this is a good example of how people would do this the wrong way. So they would say right here is the order block, right? So they're going to set this, and then they're going to have their stop just under the same candle, right? Because that's how ICT and all these people trading on it do it. You know, 10 pips is under the candle, and they're going to say, oh, this is going up to...
you know, all the way up to these highs over here. And that's the other side of it. They'll do, you know, terrible targets. And then they just, this looks really cool. Right. Don't do that because what you're doing is you're going to make yourself lose the same amount of money. Right. Because if you trade the way I've, you know, kind of taught you guys to trade, then you're going to be losing the same amount of money on a 1% stop loss as you would on a 20% stop loss. Right. So.
It doesn't really matter about the size of the stop loss, right? Now, sure, you're going to make more money off those high Rs because you're able to go heavier in them. But it doesn't matter if your stop loss is getting hit. You're still losing 1% of your port or 2% if you've been doing this a while and you've kind of upped your risk. So I just want to touch on that before I get started. I was going back to Bitcoin. This one's actually marked up.
We cleared structure. What I would like to happen here at this point, I would like for us to come up and tap into this 48.575 region and engineer some more buy side liquidity, right?
Why? Because if we could have, sorry, if we could have more liquidity to upside engineered, right? And then we come down and clean up some of this trendline liquidity, clean up some of these fair value gaps in the lower timeframes, mitigate some order box, then we have reason to go to the upside, right? Because right now, the only liquidity we have, we still have liquidity here, right? It's still a high. It's a clean high. There's obvious liquidity above that. And then up here, you know, right, you've got these equal highs. Oops, thought that was a line.
You got these equal highs right here, and they're not totally equal. I get it So I wouldn't play the same but you know, these are the major highs the range you're gonna see order flow above those levels so with that being said we're gonna want to
engineer more liquidity to the upside if we want to continue moving upwards in a healthy cycle, right? And how are we going to do that? Well, for one, a lot of people that trade smart money seem to forget that trend lines are also liquidity, right? But don't forget, we have a ton of liquidity very easily accessed right there.
Right. So how would I maybe look to play this? Right. Well, you know, everybody, this is where everybody wants to buy. This is where everybody on Twitter is going crazy. Everybody who didn't buy Bitcoin down here, crypto is buying now because they're FOMOing and they think that we're just going to 70K from here and 100K this and that. And they're seeing all the news. That's all being done for a reason. That's how the markets work. And those kind of people are the fuel that are getting thrown into a coal oven.
literally, to make the rest of the market go. So don't be one of those people. Understand that, sure, we may continue from here, but rationally, it would make sense to pull back from soon. So how do we play that? We're going to wait for liquidity to the downside to be swept up, and we're going to find areas.
where we could have possible entries. And what we're going to do, first off, we're going to look in discount. Until we clear this range, we're still in the same trading range. So we want to make sure we're taking longs and discount if at all possible. So how are we going to do that? Well, first of all, you can look for order blocks that have areas of liquidity near them. Well, first off, we've got...
right here. And yes, I'm going to use a smaller candle. It has more volume in it, right? You notice right there, higher volume, but I'm not going to plot an entry from this, right? You can get much more of a precise entry within this area, but I'm going to mark it up, right? Because it's going to hold some relevance. There's going to be a lot of liquidity in this day, right? Because remember, we're looking at the daily chart. There's 24 one-hour candles in this chart, right? So there's a lot of different angles we can take on this, but the main,
The main aspect I'm taking from this is that if we come down to this level, we'll have manipulated this trendline liquidity, we're in discount, and also it's a daily order block. So from there, like I said, I want us to come up and tap this. I mean, ideally, we'd just wick right off the same level, and that would be beautiful, right? So looking at the four-hour, right? Let's go ahead and draw maybe the current trading range we're in.
It's actually about the same, in all honesty. Even if you were to draw fibs on the 4-hour, it's really about the same as your strong high and your strong low. So with that being said, we're still under equilibrium, right? Yes, we have this order block right here, right? It's more of a breaker block since it's been dug into already by this wick. We do have some liquidity there.
I'll go over why I'm not as interested in that. I would set alerts for both of this. One second.
So the way I would look at this would be more of a set an alert, come back and see how we're doing. So I would give some attention here, but I'm not really as much of a fan of that level as down here, and I'll show you why. For one, this is sitting at fair market value. This is in discount also.
actually about the same influx of volume after each, but I like this candle right here. We broke a lot of structure with this one candle. And I'm still going to scale in even deeper to find a better level on this one hour or 15 minute chart. So that being said, I'll set some alerts here. Then also, looking here, there is some argument for this, right? We have...
Well, actually, it's not much of a fair value gap here. About the same. Well, I don't really pay attention to that. Either way, we're manipulating this trendline liquidity. So I'm going to go to the one hour, right? So for one, this zone hasn't really been dug into, right? And for two...
It's still in discount, like I've said. So we can fine tune this on the one hour and maybe say, which candle had more volume? I'd probably just still mark both of them. So it'd actually be a little bit of a wider zone. Maybe let's look at the 15 minutes and see what's going on. It's probably right around equilibrium. I actually like this better. And at this point, we don't really have that much liquidity.
Under these major lows I wouldn't set stops just here because you do have some equal lows There's a chance that gets dug into right here So that would hinder me from setting stops just under this order block and this is a good example of you know Trying somebody would maybe try to force a position and put you know stops just under The position just so they can size their position larger So here I would look what's this level?
44 1 1 2 6 i'll just do like this i'm not going to set limits for this just yet but i am going to plot this so i'm actively watching it because sometimes i will forget to watch bitcoin 4 1 1 2 6. um so what like i said i want us to form some equal highs up here and that would give us a very clean profit target also very nice for us to reward so we'd set stops just under
So that gives us 40,444. I'll go 42,444. I'll give us a 200 pip grace period.
That would be a very nice play. And yes, the R is high, but we're not forcing it to be such, right? We'll set alerts here to watch for market structure because we might see a nice reaction here at equilibrium. A lot of times you will. If we were to break structure here with force, I would be probably looking more towards equilibrium, right? Because as you guys know, some of these return to origin setups we get, I mean, they pay and they're not necessarily in discount, right?
I just now saw some of these comments. Don't be excellent. What did he go?
But I like the setup on Bitcoin right now. I mean, we're obviously expanding, but that's just giving way for more liquidity to be engineered. And a lot of this needs to get swept up. And we haven't had a pullback at all this entire time. And don't be tweaking out if we do, because I mean, every time crypto has a major, major pullback after runs like this, we can be talking about a 25% pullback, 20%. It's not unusual.
I'm not sure what we would need to get to where I want us to be. If we come up and double tap, it'd be about that, about 15%, a little less. So we'll just leave this here, come back and visit this later. Something that Playboy pointed out was USDT dominance. I honestly have not used this chart much before. I saw him talking about it.
If we go back, and I was just back testing a little bit, we go back to May during the crash. You see this is the day of the entire death crash of crypto. So we see pretty bullish looking price action.
on this the usdt dominance because remember if people are dumping their bags they're just going to go more into the tether um there's a couple different influences that go with this because a lot of whales are switching to ust um for good reason too so you got to take that into account but um here i mean we look pretty bearish if you ask me so let's just let me do like a three day do a fractal of this right
So we're going to do a three-day fract. We'll go back to the daily time frame. That'd be nice, wouldn't it, if we could start to see some kind of action like this? Maybe we're right here. I don't know. Maybe we need one last pullback, right? Who knows? That'd be nice, wouldn't it? Looks pretty similar to me. So we might need some more time, but I mean, if you see something of this nature, I mean, the last time we saw a structure like this was back in September of 2020, right?
So something else to definitely keep an eye on. I like this metric. I'm surprised I hadn't used this before. I am very glad that he pointed that out. Let's look at Bitcoin dominance as well. We just want to see this consolidate. Maybe, let's see.
You know, when we look at this on the, I think it was the weekly I had drawn this harmonic, you could see something of this nature after I think another full market cycle of crypto. Like, I do think we're going to have some serious retracement at some point. This would be pretty extreme. I mean, this would be similar to...
you know the last crypto crash to see such a pullback like that i mean we're talking bitcoin dominance all-time lows or you know you see ethereum kind of take some of the share i think ethereum deserves more of the market share that it does i mean it there's so much more utility with ethereum it's it's you know you can't even i mean bitcoin is a store of wealth it's definitely more secure it's definitely much more decentralized a hundred percent but
I would say a huge portion of mainstream adoption is going to come in the form of NFTs. And Ethereum is obviously the vehicle they're going to use. So I do think that it deserves a bigger portion of the market share than it has. So speaking of Ethereum, I might as well just go ahead and dive right into it.
I'll go ahead and tell you, Ethereum looks extremely bullish compared to Bitcoin, and I'll tell you why. If you look at Bitcoin, the highs it's established in this range are all the way up here at $52K. It's nowhere near that. We're on our way, but if you look at Ethereum, the highs it's established, let's see actually if it was the same. This is really the highs were December 26th. I guess you could look at it like...
Because Ethereum has a different structure to it than Bitcoin. Because really, this was your strong high right here. So the high that sent us down into a major break of structure, I mean, this was your major break of structure down here at $2,600. That's where you really completely sent us into a new range.
So this high is what sent us there, right? That was the swing high that sent us there. And we just cleared that high. So from here, I mean, looking at a daily chart, I would look for this fair value gap somewhere in there around $3,600. That's your next target for Ethereum. We could see some pullback before, but, you know, that...
Ethereum is looking better than Bitcoin. I will say that. Also, a lot of liquidity, though, down below. I think flow is going into this, but I want to see more liquidity on Ethereum. So I could see a flush. I have quite a few areas that I would like to get in. I mean, this is a long shot. But under each of these, you could start to look for longs. I think this zone right here will play a part as well. So I'm going to set an alarm here. I thought I did the other day. Sorry, I forgot I made a coffee.
Now, there is a lot of unmitigated internal liquidity as well, such as these fair value gaps on the high-end low timeframes. I like this level a lot as well. It is sitting on top of equilibrium. There's a little bit of liquidity down below, but I could see all this get cleared out, and I see some nice reaction there in this four-hour order block.
So Ethereum, much stronger than Bitcoin right now, but also has just as much room to pull back. But on the macros, I like Ethereum better than Bitcoin. I have for quite a while. Now, the next one I want to touch on.
It's actually probably one of the best charts in crypto right now. Looking at the weekly timeframe, first off, I'll just go from the top here with the XRP. So you have accumulation that lasted all the way from 2018, really confirmed in 2021, right?
literally actually exactly three years april to april three years of accumulation started to expand we've returned down to origin right seems like we tapped into um let's go
Back here. I got this zone. Oh, this big candle right here. The candle with the most volume in it. Definitely came back and tapped into this zone. And we did form some sell-side liquidity here. I don't think we're going to be going back down there unless crypto sees an insane pullback. Which is possible. Or maybe Ripple loses the lawsuit, which I don't think is going to happen. Now, with XRP, we also have a bullish harmonic.
Right on all that and the B point is a little off But I've seen these play out time and time again and depending on how you draw it actually I was a lower one. Yeah, it's right around 618 so Something else to keep in mind now going back into the daily
Also, a lot of trendline liquidity. This is something I'm seeing across the entire market. So I would be looking for us to break down, just like Bitcoin, and clear out all this liquidity because a ton of people are going to get out and freak out, especially of Ripple, right? Everybody's scared to play Ripple, I feel like, you know, with all of the legal issues they have going on. It doesn't take much to shape your other positions. So I think if we could come down and...
mitigate some of these zones. We have a four hour, I think it's a one hour. One hour, yeah, two one hour order blocks. Tons of liquidity above. Reason for us to go to the downside and tap into it. I mean, you could continuously, I mean, I've already polluted my chart with tons of lines. So much liquidity that needs to get cleared out. So I would not be surprised to see this play out in our favor. Now, I'm not going to set limits on this, but I'm going to set alerts for both these levels. I thought I did.
And I'll watch for a change of character at these levels. And if I can get a confirmation, best fucking believe I'm going to play it. So hopefully I'm around a chart when that happens. Either one of these, you'd be clearing out this trendline liquidity. What I'd be looking for is a nice reaction.
and then a break of structure, not one, but two, play the order block of the second break of structure. And I would be swinging this to the heavens. I'm just going to let you know. I'd be trimming heavily at highs, right? On the daily, I'd trim heavily here, here.
And again, just to touch on same setup as Ethereum Bitcoin, we're trying to create these equal highs here. XRP's already got really close. If we can engineer all that liquidity, that's perfect to go up. I really want us to get stopped like a wall at these levels. After that, I mean, literally your next target would be...
This supply if it doesn't get tapped to 92 cents all the way from 80 cents. I mean this would be a very Very rewarding play if it goes the way I wanted to Also, I think there might even be another harmonic here There's just so much stuff going for XRP right now In my opinion oops
Yep. You've got a Gartley right there. Type two reaction. I mean, it's, it's just like, dude, like, holy shit. There's so much bullish stuff going for it. And I, it's almost makes me think it's one of those things where when you look hard enough and you find stuff like this, you can almost, I know this kind of sounds crazy, but you'll be able to predict, um, fundamental news that comes out. I've seen that happen time and time again. Right.
Actually, I'd play this right here. You have more of an alt bat, and then you have a type 2 reaction. I mean, it's just like, good God. There's so much bullish. And everybody might hate on me for this because people hate on XRP. I don't really give a fuck. I just like the chart. I don't care what it's got going on. I read charts, not speculation. I mean, everything's speculation, let's be real. And then for those of you guys who trade different patterns, we've got a weekly cup and handle. However you want to look at this.
it looks phenomenal it looks like gold on the monthly um another thing i think let me see how this is nothing to actually like trade off of like don't just this is just total just almost fun but uh the five seven nine six one eight so you're looking for a
bearish garlic on the weekly would put us like 260 i mean this is like i said this is totally totally fucking just um speculation and then i think there's like a hold on an extension that lines up with it yeah it's the two 200 extension from this accumulation which a lot of times you'll tap is exactly where you need this to be
I wouldn't ever expect that, but it's interesting that these levels are correlating. And then if you saw something, I mean, if they beat the fucking case, I mean, this shit's going to fly. So I'll be looking to build some XRP. I mean, I'll be not only looking at longs, but only equity.
So, for your XRP fanboys, it's time to get happy if we can maintain the structure. Now I'll get into some coins that you guys wanted. I had... What the fuck? Went HNT 100? Fuck, bro. You tell me. I'd love that. That would be amazing. I would really love that. Speaking of HNT... Sorry, I know I just said I'd go over your coins for you, but...
HNT, bro. Shit, that was killing me earlier. Started dumping. I literally moved my HNT to sell some, like, right here. I was like, really, dude? Because I was like, oh, we're coming up into supply. I might want to dump some bags. It was like, I'm talking, like, I've sent this shit. And look how it, like, dumped in, like, a 30-minute time period, dude. Or no, it's over here. Yeah. Wait, was it? That wasn't the dump. No, no. Yeah, I was going to say.
As this dump right here, it's like a 30 minute time period. I was like, oh, well, I'm just gonna hold now
So first coin you guys asked for was Wi-Fi limits. I'll be honest with you. I'm probably going to touch Wi-Fi right now just because I think there's a lot better opportunities. And I think Wi-Fi's fundamentals are just kind of butchered right now, especially with Andre leaving the space. I know I just said I don't really care about certain things like that, but this chart doesn't really look.
I mean, it's bullish price action. It's definitely lagging behind. But I do think that YFI is heavily dependent on its utility, and it's just getting left in the fucking dirt by all of its competitors. But let's take a look. I just would rather have my money in other assets at this point. I will say you got some pretty clear liquidity up here. So you got that. So that's good. Some more liquidity up there.
And having trouble, it seems like, staying above premium. Let's see. I'll actually maybe draw this like this. That actually looks a little better.
This would make more sense because as soon as you come under equilibrium, you start to see bullish price structure manipulation of lows. There were entries given here and here. You had two very clear entries if you were watching this. Now, personally, how I would play this is I would wait until we form more buy-side liquidity.
look for any unmitigated zones down below. But ideally, what I like playing whenever the market gets crazy like this is the return to origin, right? And what I mean by that is once we come out of here and break structure, if we do, right, let's say if we do this number right here, bam, we clean up this liquidity.
distribution, and then you're coming down, right? Where to? Somewhere around equilibrium before expanding the upside. And that is where I'm going to want to play. We're going to look for those order blocks in the high timeframes at or near fair market value. I'll go ahead and tell you, here's one right here, right? Very fucking clear. And these are the easiest setups, right? Patience though. That's the hardest part about these because I could watch this fly. I mean, absolutely fly clear out all of this.
just teeter-totter around here for days to weeks, come all the way back down, and then you're going to get that entry. Here, I'll give you guys, I actually just went over this in a one-on-one earlier. This is a great example of a perfect return to origin, right? So here, back in summer of 2021, right? Price, here's your order block. We hadn't broken out of the range yet, right? When we did,
Right. Okay. So when you're up here, everybody's FOMOing in. This is you're becoming exit liquidity, right? But we have a fair value gap right here that you're right in equilibrium of. You've tapped into supply. And remember, we're trading liquidity. So where are you going to go? Early longers are going to go right here. Why? Oh, daily order block, daily order block. Yeah, well, there's obvious liquidity right there. So you set yourself up to fail.
Now price comes back down. If you play this order block within...
less than a week, you're up 70% on equity. And this is just simply off of, I mean, this is very basic TA. I mean, you are out almost fully right here. Easy money, right? And if the market is going to continue with bullish momentum, you will see a dynamic reaction after you sweep out liquidity, right? You're getting the early longers and coming down and mitigating these levels. And this is the same setups we're going to see in a lot of these coins. I promise you, if we are to see another quote bull run.
For instance, look at Bitcoin. Oh, wow. Order block right at equilibrium if we break from here. Let's look at Ethereum. I haven't even looked. It's actually not one on the daily. And this four-hour one that we were talking about may be playing. We'll just click anything that has a high market cap. Let's click. I don't know. I don't know if FTM's even past equilibrium. Speaking of FTM, I kind of want to look at this while I'm on it.
You know, I don't think that's going to get cleared out. Won't worry about that. I mean, really, that's your price range. You're still heavy in discount. I don't know. There's not really any clear entry in the high timeframes here. I mean, they've all been hit. Like, you could have hit from here. You were instantly probably missed that there. I mean, it's just everything's getting swept up pretty quickly. All that needs to get cleared out.
And don't sleep on trendline liquidity because during a trending market, you're going to get more of that. You're not going to have a ton of equal lows and high timeframes, right? And you want that to get swept up if you want everything to maintain bullish momentum for more than a couple of days. Yeah, there's going to be a lot of these order blocks equilibrium on the four hour or daily charts. And that's...
That's really where you're going to get the best setups and waiting, not playing the expansion itself, but playing the move that it gives you. Damn, everybody's on YFI tonight. I'll go back over it. Weird, I haven't heard anybody say YFI in forever. Basically, I was saying we look pretty good. I think there's other projects I'd be putting my funds into just because YFI.
It's kind of just lacking in their fundamentals and they're a defy project. So I think that's really important I mean that being said you got bullish price structure on the daily You know your next targets would really be It's 24,000 628 and these equal highs up here at 27,000 is gonna get cleared out especially if this continues We've got a fair value gap So you could look around equilibrium of that. Let's see if there's an order block Yep, there is
You know, it's kind of like take that how you wish as far as you know if you determine that an order block and Technically it is really that was the last candle before the last up candle before this so and I would look out for 28 784 and then what was the highs 27 100 really those would be your targets But again, I think there's a lot better you could put your money into
What's up, bud? Algo? Yeah, we're still in Algo. Just cleared. Let's take profit. We're in this zone of supply in the four-hour. Expect a pullback. All right. Where to? Probably expect a pretty heavy pullback, to be honest. Let's say... Let me go to a chart that's not marked up.
I mean, in all honesty, you could see a huge pullback towards our entry, but I mean, that'd be pretty major. I mean, it's plausible to see something back in this, because this is the last very clear bullish price action I see is back in there, right? You've also got a nice order block right at equilibrium, right? And this is heavy in discounted daily range. I mean, you could be looking at something around there. I mean, there's really nothing to tell you to look that far low yet.
before that you'd be somewhere in this range but it's all just about like you know one level at a time you could also look in here I see this huge fair value gap above this order block some equal lows right here
And, you know, don't get it twisted just because you have equal loss. Because, I mean, that has to come get cleared out. It could get cleared out in a year. Who knows? But it is something to keep in mind whenever you're trying to pick what order block you're going to use. Just watch out for any liquidity nearby. Here, I mean, you have this cluster right there somewhere in this zone. There's nothing really above you to watch out for.
But I would be expecting a pullback. We were starting to look like distribution on the hourly. We've been running pretty fucking hard. I mean, I'm just telling you, don't try to short anything right now. Just don't do it. Just please save yourself the fucking pain. Because it might work, but...
When it doesn't, it's painful when you're trying to short crypto like this. I see so many people try to do it. I'll just be honest with you. If we get up to 52K-ish and you start 50 to 52K and you start to see bearish price action, yeah, you could maybe play some shorts there because your risk to reward would make sense. But here, just don't. Just save yourself the pain. Aave? No, but Aave actually was looking very good.
That's crazy. I was expecting a pullback, honestly. You still could get it. I mean, the four hour is starting to look like distribution. I think that we could get that pullback very similar to how we did in September of last year. Something like this. Remember, we had that huge run. Let's go to the daily. Damn, I never even saw it. Let's go to Bitcoin. Not a good exhibit.
We had that huge run, right? And then we had to do what? We had to return down and mitigate some of these levels, right? That was a really good entry if you caught it. But I think that we could be waiting for something of this nature, right? Like I said, you have those 20, 25% pullbacks, shakes out everybody. So don't be surprised if we have something like that happen. Let me backtrack. Somebody said Cotty.
Kati's also been looking good. My girl has a bunch of Kati. I think it's kind of still just getting started.
Especially right now, if you're not familiar with all the stuff that Cardano has going on for it, I would recommend that you start looking into it, even if you're a Cardano hater. What's funny, coins a lot of people hate on, like Cardano, XRP, I'm seeing some good opportunities with some of them. Cardano, the amount of money that's locked in Cardano has grown so exponentially that...
You have to be a fool to believe there's not something going on. So keep that in mind. And Cottey is the most advanced payment system on Cardano. It's like, think of it like, I guess maybe like an Algorand or an XLM built on Cardano. Cardano is already cheap as it is, but still. I mean, this looks fucking amazing. This is what I want everything else to do, is this right here.
I want to have this liquidity engineered up top. And even if we tap up above it just a tad and clear it, there's still tons of buy stops. This is where everyone's like, oh, we break out here. We're going all the time. It's just obvious liquidity. Then you've got this right here. I mean, you look fucking phenomenal, right? Probably could see a little bit of a pullback here and retrace, maybe give some better entries. Probably something in this zone here. I would be surprised.
I mean, although if you see a nice reaction here, I mean, so how I do this, I'd get a five minute. Okay. Well, you've got one breakup structure, right? Right there. All right. So now we're going to wait. This is actually a really good example. If we break this, right? I would imagine this is probably going to be your last down candle if we do break it of that sort.
You would wait and you could be able to play this with a stop just under it. So if we have something like this go down, maybe just come up, clear this, hit this order block over here, come back down to demand, clear out those equal highs. But here's the key to playing these kind of trends. You would be trimming pretty heavily.
right here now you wouldn't obviously not take full profits or anything of that nature your stops would be just under the low of this they would a lot of people tell you the down candle i would just say this major lower or not major but this recent low right here i'd give it 20 pip stop loss when you look at that's a that's a beautiful trade that's 4.5 to 1 right that's how you properly do that
And this is why waiting for changes of character can give you better setups in the sense of, you know, you might be able to go heavier in them if you're using a, you know, fixed risk strategy, which you should be. But then you've got tons of liquidity here. Really all this is a fair value gap right there. So you can come in here, maybe see I find any levels there. You've got a one minute order block. And yes, that actually is before a major break of structure. If you note there.
See, that's the last candle. So you would have a very clear target for a full exit. You'd leave runners. There you go. I'm actually going to wait. I'm going to set this because I'll play this. This is actually looking good if we can get a change of character. I'm glad somebody pointed this out, actually, because that's a really nice reaction. When you see a reaction like that, this is following market structure pretty nicely. I need more, though. The next one was AVAX. I already have limits on AVAX.
Left us in the dirt, but it's okay. I'm still waiting. I still like the limits. Nothing's changed. This liquidity hasn't been swept. Higher timeframes definitely do for a pullback. Right. Let's go to like, actually do this. What I'm doing is I'm just trying to find a possible, there we go. Supply zone. Where's this 92? It's literally right where we're at. Maybe that's why I drew that line. That makes sense.
Yeah, so you're sitting under supply you already came up clean up this liquidity Again, I would like this to come up and tap up here. I would like us to get those market-wide setups where it gives you more confidence Oops, not weekly we come up and we tap into This area up here form some equal highs and then fall. That's not get our retracement. That's when we get our entries
Oops, I accidentally hit space. So really AVAX method's changed to kind of give you a crash course. We got liquidity down below, equal lows. There's fair value gaps. Also, we're pretty far in premium right now. So I like this. I think it was a one hour order block, right?
One hour order block just under fair market value. Also equal lows above. There's some more demand here. We have some levels, but I still want us to see us clear out as much liquidity as possible. Now I'll still watch for low time frame confirmation here. That'd be nice. I need to set an alarm.
Right, this is where we kind of reflect on the market. We don't get all antsy and FOMO and just start fucking buying the top. Like, dear God, please don't do that shit. It's just, it's so easy to not do it. And you might get left behind on your favorite coin and be a missor, but that's fine. What else have I not touched on? Yeah, Hud, I agree. I don't think it's going to be like any kind of like, you know, just from here. I think we're going to see like...
You know, some like distribution, may tap this liquidity, like maybe one sweep, and then just, I can see that. MKR, I'll go ahead and tell you, MKR looks fucking phenomenal. MKR, we're looking at, let's see, give you some targets. I mean, really, 2329, that's your first, right there. After that, you're looking at these highs, 2600.
2,800. I mean, you've got room to run. Also with this one, the weekly looks like a really nice reaccumulation here. It's this falling wedge pattern. You just got to get going. There's really not much to make right now, except that you're under really all the lows from last crash. Now you're not, actually. You are under all the lows from the last crash.
You've got so much liquidity up above with this one, so keep your eyes on Maker. Adam, you had an entry on longs at $30.02. Shit, it went all the way past my stops at $29.32 and then ran all the way back up. How could you reflect on that? Oh, it's a great question. You said your levels were $29.
Three, two, six. So when did this happen? Can you drop a comment and let me know? So I have some reference like today or yesterday or something. Looks like today probably. Come on, guh. Let's assume it was right here. So let's see. Well, I'm just going to assume that your limit's 30, 25. Or I don't know if there are limits. Give me some context, guh. Come on, bud. Let me know like when you got in this position because I don't know.
What area stopped you out? What flush? Well, I'm just going to guess that you got wicked out. You got an entry at 30 bucks. Oh, I mean, maybe this just happened. Well, first of all, if it just happened, I'm just going to assume it did because I have nothing else to go off of. Well, you completely just bought. You became like you're not like no bullshit. You really did become exit liquidity, right? In the form of these equal highs.
Right right here clean eyes more so all this up here. That was excellent quality, right? So you came up here if you bought at 30 bucks You're buying up into supply, right? So you don't want to buy just think about everything like liquid. Oh, you just entered long. Okay, so I thought so
You don't want to be buying. Everything has to do with liquidity, right? So if you're near supply, you don't want to be buying, right? Because then you become buy-side liquidity, right? You're buying positions from smart money.
right that's this right here um as far as like i wouldn't even worry about like the stop getting wicked out because the problem was the entry you're entering too close to a area of supply so your stops um really you know it's there was just no play there and usually sometimes i can look at someone and be like hey you got stop hunted but really you just bought right into this supply so that's kind of what happened there
But yeah, another thing with this, let's go ahead and draw this zone. I mean, you're right at fair market value.
Like I said, I just wouldn't be just aping into a lot of longs here. It's just kind of like why. We've been making a lot of money on these plays. You don't want to get greedy and give it back. But I could see maybe longs from here. You're right under equilibrium. It's a high or low. That's what you want to see. But again, these are all trade setups that you want to be setting alerts. The limits are under.
you know, our big pullbacks away. So we don't want to just set them for, you know, it's not that far away. So here you could say, set some alerts. If we start to get lower timeframe confirmation, you know, ape in. That's not financial advice. I'm just kidding. But, but yeah, you know, just, you gotta, you gotta.
When you're playing lower probability setups, it's not a bad thing. I don't really do it, but there's a lot of people who do it successfully. But how you do it successfully is you wait. The price reaches that level. You don't just set limits, right? And then you wait for a low time frame. Break of structure. Another break of structure.
Now you have a change of character and you're looking for limit entries off of the same setups you're finding them on the high timeframes, but tighter stop losses and more aggressive profit taking. Because whenever you're entering counterintuitively, like you're buying closer to supply, doing this and that, you've got to be aggressive with your profit taking and you've got to be very, very conservative with your risk. This is the last one I do before I hop off.
This one's kind of been lagging as well. Look at the daily. I thought I was already in the daily. I'll probably draw like this. This is the last high before it resulted in a break of structure. And you're right at fair market value.
Daily timeframe does look bullish, but so did everything. This looks like you had a nice, some people would call this a cup and handle, right? Basically just accumulation into reaccumulation. So from here, you'd be looking at maybe return to origin of this range. Okay, where's that? Really already tapped into it. I mean, you've got demand here, right? You can draw this.
is this i'd probably go in a 15 minute and you really just tapped into it so let's go back this is maybe it was actually a change of character so we got first break of structure second break of structure here i mean really i would probably still consider this the level it seemed like maybe this was the move actually on the five minute hold on oh yeah that's why
Yeah, this was actually the move over here. This is how how many these plays can play out If you're patient Are you going to two breaks of structure in the 15 minute? All right, so bam after that you've got this order block All right, I almost wicked you out if you played the recent stop I mean it this is why yeah, it's exactly on the dot equal lows So this is something I would be getting out of pretty quickly because you have that
obvious liquidity down there. So, you know, I would scale it over here and you got one break of structure here you're looking for over here before you really play continuation. Like, so this method just like stacks, if you will. So like, okay, well, we just found that there. Oh, maybe you missed that. We'll wait for this break of structure, right? Cause you're on the, you know, you've got.
Or this one, really. Actually, probably that one down there. So say if you go here, okay, maybe make a low, break this. Then you could maybe play that order block if you miss this one. I mean, the method stacks, but I probably wouldn't once you get up here because you've got those equal lows. You've got to be mindful of everything around you, right? You've got equal lows right here. This is going to get cleared out. That would lead to this to be probably a better entry. You're under equal lows. But I mean, hell, if you played this, you're obviously up.
right? Where are you taking profits at? You're taking profits very aggressively. So here you are out 50%. Here you're out another 25 to 30%, maybe more. And then really you just have runners and you're taking full profits right here. If you make it that high, right? That's how you would structure this the proper way where you actually profit off these kinds of setups. Cause I see everybody wants to do this. They want to take these trades, stop loss here. And they go like the fucking four hour.
Oops, I got a four hour and they're like, oh, yeah, dude, we're going as order bought. It's like, that's not how this shit fucking works, dog. You know, you can't do that because then you're just going to get cucked. So, yeah, no, I got you for sure about Adam. Yeah, it's just really like you got to.
that's why you just gotta be mindful of the high time frame narrative be mindful of where you're at don't get euphoric don't chase shit and and just you know really think about everything used to do what yeah yeah i used to do it too bro like no bullshit like literally it's like you like find the entry and you're like okay i'm going to daily you're like oh i'm gonna order block up here it's unmitigated
It's like, oh, you know, price is going to return here. It's like, I mean, theoretically, it should at some point. But, you know, we might be talking, you know, when we're all living in virtual reality. It's 2040. So, I don't know. That's just one thing I definitely want to touch on is I see people eloquently up here. But I see people doing that a lot, getting unrealistic profit targets.
But yeah, well, I'm going to hop off. As always, I appreciate you guys. Stay out of comp. Yeah, no, honestly, I agree with Georgie. Comp's a piece of shit. They gave away $67 million on accident. Get the fuck out of here. And also another thing you can look at.
I think it's .com, let's see. DeFiPulse, yeah, it's .com. We'll show you for Ethereum how much money is locked into...
Wow, I didn't know that Maker was that far above Aave now. But you can get a general value. CRV, Aave, Maker. That's your three Ethereum DeFi giants. Comps up here, I'm surprised that it's this far up here. They literally gave away $67 million because of an exploit in their contract. Are you putting your money in that? Because I know sure as fuck I'm not. Just stay mindful of that.
Wow, that's crazy. The last time I looked, it was not this high, much higher. 82 billion mark in Ethereum. That's even with price as low as it is right now.
Well, as always, I appreciate you guys. Thanks for hopping on. And if you guys ever have any recommendations on topics that I could go over or just, you know, anything you need help with, that's what these streams are for. Don't hesitate to DM me or whatever. Just let me know. I promise I'd rather do stuff that's going to help you guys than, you know, just do TA. I mean, I know that does help too. And I know you guys are here for the plays, but always.
I'm sure there's something that each one of you guys have something that you want to improve on. There's shit I want to improve on, right? So I know there's stuff that you guys want to improve on. So utilize your time with me and ask me whatever the fuck you want. I promise I'm not going to be annoyed or care in any way. As always, though, I appreciate you. Just holler at me. Peace.
