Sup, what's up? Yeah, I'm not really convinced just yet that we're moving up. I'll tell you guys why. So we did, which was this day low right over here.
So, you know, we have swept that sell side of the market. You know, obviously, I think we can all agree that we're due for a pullback. But I'm not just going to just base, you know, OK, well, we have, you know, we're under liquidity, so I'm going to start buying. You know, that could give me a bias to maybe be a little more responsive to new bullish structure, you know, and trust in it.
I also look down and we have this area of demand down here. And this is really being, I could refine this even to that candle if you wanted. We have all these inefficiencies.
So, you know, while we are in an area of interest, I'm going to need more for me to be convinced. You know, I don't see any kind of internal breaks of structure on the four hour. You know, maybe if we start to get above these internal highs, that'll probably be a 15 minute break of structure as well. That will convince me a little more, make me a little bit more ready to long.
But we look like we're starting to gain a little strength, I will say that. One could maybe say that, depending on how you plot swing structure, you could have said that this was a swing right here and that we're now bullish. But I'm kind of in between on that one because this, to me, is not much of a move.
You know, especially when you look, I mean, most of our swing structure is a little bit, you know, wider than that. We have these bigger moves. But I do see that bias. I'm just not like very convinced by it. So one thing I do to determine, you know, whenever I have these small, like these swings right here, like this could be maybe considered a swing. And if that's the case, okay, we're bullish on a 15 minute and you could look for, you know.
POIs and discount. The reason I am not choosing this as my swing structure is because the four-hour internal structure has not been broken. So that'll tell you a lot. That's just one way that I count that in and look at it. It's not necessarily...
The only way that I'm going to plot my 15 minute swing structure. But I do see bearish order flow still in play here. We came up because if we are anticipating that, you know, this is our swing right here.
And price came up, POI, and then we started to see low timeframe bearish order flow. And Bitcoin is exhibiting signs of weakness here. So we came up into this zone, we wicked off of it, broke internal structure here. Then you could draw your supply zone however you wanted. I always like those inside bars.
You came into there, and then you got another breakdown. Never came back up into this as far as these candles, but you see how he came right back up in and wicked really quickly. It's not stuff I would necessarily look to take trades on. I'm just, in hindsight, showing you guys what I see when I'm looking for.
starting to get that bearish fractal order flow in the low time frames. And this all has to go with your high time frame. Of course, you cannot execute solely based off this. But I mean, in my opinion, you know, way I drew the swing, we're still bearish. And even if we get a break of structure, the upside on the 15 minute, you know, I want two breaks of structure, which is going to be something like, let's see. So for instance, we go back and look at
This last range we were in because I think it's always good to study, you know past price action on the on the asset you're using or you're trading on because Oftentimes you're going to be able to learn a lot if you really pay attention to you know one asset and if we see we look here So here is the four-hour swing, you know, when did this pullback start to begin? We got that break of structure in the four-hour internal break of structure and then what happened price came into this demand
and started to move up. And that's how I would want to execute a counter trend trade. And if you look all through here, you know, and remember they're counter trends. So you wouldn't be taking them up here, taking them all the way up to these areas. You could have caught nice trades by doing this. That's how you can catch those relief bounces. But that's something to keep in mind.
I'm just kind of watching right now. I don't see any reason for Bitcoin. I think there's a couple coins that actually have shown some signs of strength. KSM is one of them. So we look at KSM on the weekly. We came back down into this weekly demand. I mean, we're really beaten down here. There are still some equal lows here, these weekly lows.
Actually, no, it looks like they tagged out, didn't they? Yeah, they got tagged. So we swept through this. We are in this weekly demand. It did sweep that low. Nothing necessarily to, you know, say the zone's worthless about. But we look in the daily. We've obviously got our breaking structure. I'm not going to go into all that. But then the four hour. You see right here, we broke this internal high.
So that to me is the first sign of strength. New demand has been introduced and brought into the marketplace. And if you look, we can say that this is a break of swing structure. However you drew it, maybe you drew that over here was because this is where I would have probably drawn it. That's a pullback to me. Nice break of structure to the upside. But then we kind of switch back bearish if you're using wicks.
Actually, no. No, you didn't. Sorry. So really, you came back down that low CNB protected broke structure again. Demand is being introduced to the market and being respected. So with KSM, I'm going to keep eyes on it because I see a potential long starting to form. If we look right here in this demand zone, I'd use the institutional candle with this one.
That way all those inefficiencies are filled. I've got an alert set on that order block, but at that point, if we can see price begin to reverse in the low timeframes, that's where I'll possibly look to bid KSM. And when I say reverse, I mean stuff like this. Now, I know this is happening here. This is not in our POI, so it really doesn't matter to us. But if you see price start to do stuff like this, start to break that one-minute internal structure.
um you know introduce new demand and see price healthily return to it and overtake the newfound supply that brought us back down to the original demand and that's the kind of healthy order flow i want to see before i um you know even think about longing anything in crypto and i won't be holding them for very long because i know a lot of people right now have the mentality that this is gonna you gotta buy now like you you're never gonna
you know, have another chance to buy crypto that's cheap and all that shit. But I think personally, I don't think, I think you've got months of stuff like this because, you know, just macroeconomics, the Fed's going to have to, you know.
hike rates probably three, four more times to even get any kind of a handle on inflation. And that's going to be, you know, obliterating any kind of risk on assets throughout this cycle of macroeconomics. Also, we have oil.
What is GBP and UD doing? I came down to this zone. But we have oil probably going to all-time highs. And the dollar is still raging, which is not ideal. Because think about it like this. So when the DXY...
is this bullish this is another thing um another reason why i don't think crypto is necessarily done yet when dxy is this bullish and it's this strong um think about it like this if oil if everything is expensive right now like oil is really expensive to us right now imagine how it would be if our dollar wasn't up this much so this is like the index of the strength of our dollar so theoretically when are the ukraine let's see when oil started to rise
Oh yeah, US oil. So when oil really started to rise this year, I think it was before the crisis, but yeah, in February is when it really started to rise. So we'll just say February 28th. And we'll see the dollar since February 28th.
See, we've seen an equal move up with our currency. So think like this, if our dollar is going up and our dollar is more powerful and everything still seems expensive, imagine how it is in other places in the world where their currencies are falling against the dollar.
So we're actually in a better state than most places, and it's still bad. And the dollar isn't showing any sign of holding up just yet. So, you know, just also have to be mindful of whenever you're really trying to, if you're trying to, you know, get in at the bottom and get Bitcoin for the cheapest you're ever going to get it, make sure you take everything into...
take everything that's in play into account. You know what I mean? You got to be mindful of that kind of stuff. Because people in crypto a lot of the time just like to ignore, you know, percules, what's up? And seeming to respect this order flow, we've got some weak lows that can probably get cleared out right here. So you see price came up.
This is where we had this low time frame range failure right here. We broke down If you'd look you could I guess so you could have just drawn this on the five minute this inside bar That's why I love those because price moved up We saw it kind of be indecisive for a second introduce that new supply breakdown of the downside
And price came back up into it. And now what do we see? You can scale in the one minute. You can see the same stuff. And we see those reversal signs, the internal breaks of structure. And then what sent us down. Something probably in this wick. You could draw the whole zone. You could draw this last candle upside. Because while these wicks have moved up into this area,
Actually, I would probably have just used this wick, but this is not something, you know, you necessarily could have, you know, looking back in hindsight.
We can learn from it. Would I have necessarily traded from this? I probably would have if I was watching it as it happened. So I'm just kind of watching, building that story. It seems like the expectational order flow is still bearish because we got to remember the lower timeframes are going to make up the higher timeframes. Now, once we clear out these weak lows down here, I think that you could maybe revisit the idea of some longs, but I'm not personally.
That's just kind of the crash course on my daily bias for crypto. Also, what time is it? It's 1014. Do we get a liquidity raid? Wait, why am I on TRX? I haven't got really what I would like yet. Let's look at NQ. Another thing, always keep in mind, because these weak loads did get taken out in NQ. Look at the 15 minute.
Nothing really super appealing yet for me on NQ. If my bias was a little more bull, I would like this as a liquidity raid. But you've probably got those signs of low time frame reversal. You can watch this. I personally wouldn't play it. You've got that fair value gap down there.
So if your immediate bias was bullish, one could maybe look for longs off that. But for me, when everything is this volatile, I'm in no rush to try to catch the absolute bottom. At the end of the day, it's all about risk to reward. So you don't have to get the bottom to make money like crazy. So I'll still let this develop. I want to keep an eye on that, though, because really looking at it, when we look for those liquidity rates, we look for those swing lows.
and swing high since midnight just any highs event or any areas of interest and you know we could have set up here there's kind of a drawn liquidity right there though as well there's equal highs i mean it doesn't look bad the nq doesn't look bad but for for scalps intraday i just i it's always really important to respect the high time frames and if you don't a lot of times you're just going to get burnt and to me um
We haven't really shifted bullish on a 15-mini yet. That's really our range. We're still in a downtrend. The only thing I do see that's bullish is just this possible liquidity rate, but it would be just to target stuff within this range. GBP, JPY is in this area. I literally heard it. You got the same shit. Those longs last night would have been smack, though.
Or early this morning, I should say, just for some scalps. But yeah, the weekly, that's what I was kind of thinking too. Because when I'm looking at Urias doing the weekly, I just see tons of sell side down here. I don't know why I don't use FXCM. Because I was told that forex.com is good for FTMO, but it's not. It's not at all.
Oh, of course. Yeah, you have to. But I would still like it to be at least... What I do is I get like my... I know what candle I'm entering off of. So like, then I just look on the MT4 chart and add my spread. I haven't watched fucking sports in I don't know how long. Like, I literally didn't even know who was in the finals until like a couple days ago. It's pretty bad. I'm in B&B shorts I took this morning. I kind of returned up here.
Still looking clean, though. Dude, look at this. I took some ADA shorts. Dude, this shit's fucking irritating me. Look at this. I took these last night, and it was around the last time I looked at the charts. It was around in here, and I just set stops to break even. Look how close it got to my fucking TP.
Like, so it was just a break-even trade, so no L, but just the fact that it fucking got that close and then reversed. But it just needed this zone up here. Oops. I'll take more shorts from this morning, but it never really gave me what I wanted. I think everything's still exhibiting bearish order flow.
You have these low time frame distribution. You have that range failure right there. Price moves up into it. Internal break of structure. Price turns to origin. Seems like we're looking for another internal break of structure. Haven't got it just yet. That's just that kind of slow and steady bearish order flow on the low time frames. And now this always has to be paired with the high time frames, of course. Your higher time frame, I should say. If I'm looking for that low time frame bearish order flow.
you know i gotta have bearish order flow on the 15 minute um you know obviously we we know we have bearish order flow on every other time frame known to crypto so um you know the reversal you're going to see is going to start on these lower time frames and build into you know internal structure on the four hour but that that's really for me a bare minimum is getting that internal structure in the four hour before i even consider um you know any kind of relief bounce longs
What's up, Sway? That's granny. I forget. What's up, Otierra? Another coin I was looking at soon, and this is why another thing I don't think everything's necessarily done is everything's getting close to that weekly demand and sweeping out all that. Here with Dot, I have alerts set down here at $5.45. Isn't that crazy? Dot at $5.
And daily is obviously still bearish. While we got this, we did get that four-hour internal change of character because we made this high. That produced a new low, so that put in a new high. We broke above it. This isn't really...
too convincing to me. Also, we're not really in a POI of my liking. So while the 15-minute is shifting bullish here, I'm still not trusting it. So this is an example of we can have the 15-minute shifting bullish and the low timeframes giving us that framework for longs if you look at it like that. But for me, I need that to occur within a zone where I have interest. I still want AVAX to come down to...
13 bucks too. I think it was. It's 12.84 is this zone that I want AVEX at. But yeah, we're just getting so close to all these old value areas. So I think that if we do get those really bounces, it's going to be there. Not where we're at now. Soul, I want under 18 bucks. Well, 18.89. XRP is getting somewhere. It's starting to just still no internal break of structure.
keep that on watch now cardano what's been crazy with cardano is it's um it's held up way fucking stronger than any majors have like it still hasn't even broke out of its four hour range that it was in for all of may so you know with that being said um
I think that if crypto is still to come down more, there might be some more short opportunities. I'm chilling on it as of right now. Damn, I just gapped down on a 15-minute. But we did come up into this four-hour point of interest. I think you could refine that a little more. I didn't even really go into it. You can see where this placement began.
i don't really like where it tapped just yet i would almost want that candle at minimum so we didn't really get up in there did start to see a shift to the downside but um i guess you could have looked at this candle there was technically displacement after it but maybe that was the poi when i look at it it's just not really the clear um you know big move like that candle but i guess this is really where you started to see that structure start to break down
It's gapping. Yeah, I saw a lot of people talking about Longs, and I was just like, I don't think so just yet. Look at ES as well. These death paths I've drawn for it. Jesus Christ. Yeah, this is, I mean, call me crazy, but I think we're going, I think this is going back to COVID levels. Or at least this zone. Like, this is where I'd revisit it. I guess, what is that, 345 for Spy itself, right?
TRX, dude, if that shit hits a Luna, that'd be insane. There was shorts given again during London session this morning. TRX still looks like shit. This is no question. It looks like dog shit. I'm going to keep an eye on this. I know some of you guys have been in this for a while, but I still think there's a lot of room for this to bleed.
especially if usdd starts to depeg and they keep on adding money but the thing is though i was reading about it and they have so much money behind usdd compared to like and it's not like luna it was backed with luna so when luna fell you know it was backed with nothing and they had to print more luna it was just a death spiral but usdd they actually have like stable coins like you know usdc and stuff
to back it. So I don't know if that'll happen, but I do think there's still way more downside for Tron. I mean, literally on the weekly, you still have tons of targets. I mean, at this point, you know, all this down here, what is that? Like four, six, three, four. That's really, you could say here as well, but I mean, that's my pants. That's your week low there.
So that would be the overall liquidity target. We know we're bearish on high timeframes. If we have a weekly liquidity target, that's when you have built your story. Everything is bearish. Okay, once everything's in harmony, all of the timeframes are bearish, then you can just look to play 15-minute POIs on the way down. The way I do it is, for instance, if I would have been active here during London session, you take a trade here.
If you're really trying to swing the trade and everything's bearish, you can target this, take out maybe 50% to 75%, and then the rest, take it all the way to your weekly target. But definitely take some off at these levels if you're entering. Because, I mean, say if you would have taken a short here, even if just using the 15-minute, that's a nice 5R. And much more if you use low timeframes to refine. Why don't I have Avi on this list? I don't even know.
go ftm got that four hour i mean it's just now breaking that four hour and i clean this off i have pictures of that on my twitter if i need it yeah i mean ftm though you're you're all the way down here and this institutional candle right here yeah ftm actually doesn't look horrible where we're at i mean it needs to retrace a little more but compared to a lot of crypto you know it's not super bad in my opinion
I would actually watch this down in this area for longs, but I would need the 15-minute to be bullish swing structure. I wouldn't just take a 15-minute change of character internal. But also, I want to refine this zone down here. Yeah, I mean, it's not too far away from where the...
buying really started, I think that demand is going to be in this zone. That's going to be the value zone. You could go lower as well, but this is going to be the first one you're going to approach. You did sweep this liquidity. This is where the real move happened. So that's where you can, when you're selecting demand zones, you know, yeah, you can pick this zone because it has, you know, the displacement after it. There's these equal lows in front of it. And that's true. But when I look at it,
this zone didn't really cause a break of structure swing structure so it's not it's a break of internal structure but you know it's not really the craziest point of interest to me but instead this area is a flip zone and it also broke swing structure so that's where you're going to have those higher value areas because if you look you know price came up
This is swing structure for me. We closed under this level over here. Price came up.
We reacted to that supply, pivoted down, and then blasted through, not only giving us a break of swing structure, but also a flip of that supply zone. That, along with price trading into this zone, for our internal change of character, we did get a closure as well, which is also nice. In the 15-minute, looking back over here, this is really our value area. Somewhere in this area, you could probably...
refine this down if you really want it there i'll be fine with this order block right there i'll actually move this alarm to that area because that's where i'd have interest in you'd be sweeping all these lows that front ran that demand zone as well it's not a bad setup to developing here on ftm to be honest i'll actually be watching this and ksm more closely for for longs than a lot of the majors
Once Bitcoin gets down into this month, or I think it was a weekly, you know, this weekly demand zone, and this isn't even refined, you know, and it's not the craziest, you know, honeypot zone either. I mean, it's where we really started to take off from, I guess, in the last bull run. Probably even could refine it to maybe this inside bar here.
I'm just going to leave that and see. But regardless, I mean, we're not even, we're still another 10% away from that. So that's why I'm not really, you know, just rushing into anything. I just have this huge daily inefficiency to fill.
um you know we're tagging out that liquidity so we're you know we're making progress but um and i'm not even convinced that this is going to necessarily just hold you know um i think that the stock market still has a lot of falling to do so um you know if that occurs it's going to take everything down with it zxy looking like as well you know if if this lick raids right here because here is our swing structure up to there
You just run those equal highs and don't, because you didn't close, you know, that could be good for a little bit of relief at least for anything denominated by the dollar. That might give you some juice. Because we did see the 15-minute right here, it did shift bearish, the closure. So that 15-minute pullback, or I'm sorry, the four-hour pullback could be beginning, and it's pretty...
it's due to say the least you know if we're trying let's see i guess you'd say i'm using closures um well if the dollar starts falling anything you know against the dollar is gonna you know that would help it rise you know what i'm saying
Yeah. I wouldn't just long stuff though, but I use this with your TA. Like for instance, you know, if you go on Forex list and you, oops, wrong list. If you go on your Forex list and you say, okay, I like gold where we're at, which I don't yet. But if you did, I was hoping we'd get a better reaction in the zone. But yeah, if you did and you start to see, you know, bullish structure on gold, then, and bear structure on DXY, that can assist you in,
you know, developing more conviction. What's GBP, JPY doing? Oh, I reacted nice with that zone algo. Nothing really, nothing for me yet, but like this. Are you going to do swing or internal? No, no, I'm just saying like this break of structure. You want to break a swing structure or break of internal? Yeah. Yeah, I feel it. Same. Like, do you use MT4 on the computer?
Yeah, I need to get it back running. I have the software, but it's linked to my prosperity. Yeah, I remember. We all first started talking before. Well, not first, but you know. Yeah, I like this setup. It's developing here on this. Because the crazy thing is, dude, it's like, I mean, you literally in the four hour, if you start to get this reaction here, I mean, I wouldn't swing it all there, but you could target these highs up here. That right here? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I would definitely be taken out there.
Yeah, don't don't sleep in on Forex analysis guys. I don't know how you even get that Get the notifications on for it because there's a tag for it, but
Those of you who know how to work MT4, I think right now is a good time because if we do see crypto down pretty low and the world goes kind of more, because this really is just beginning, but more into a risk-off environment economically, you're going to see a decrease in volume in a lot of assets, which there's still going to be trades always, but Forex you're never going to see.
that much of a decrease because i mean you you know there'll be a decrease but it'll be you know it's how banks are making money so it's not necessarily gonna take as much as a hit as like crypto um i'm not bullish on it on the high time frames no i'm pretty but i did like those longs were good um like if anything you could look for maybe a um
I don't know, though, to be honest. Because here's the way I look at it. First, the weekly is bearish for me. Not just swing structure, but we have a liquidity target down below. So down here, that's where I want price to go. And we haven't touched it. We formed these relatively equal lows right there.
For me, that's going to be my overall high timeframe target. So if I had sell side liquidity below, you could have caught these longs, but really it was just to come up and mitigate this up here. And while the four-hour did shift bullish, it did shift bullish once, or the daily switch bullish, I'm sorry, and the four-hour switch bullish, and there were longs, definitely were longs, but now down in this zone, I'm kind of like, yeah, of course.
There's another, uh, what was it? Dude, fucking hell. No, it's not this one, actually. What is it? I think it's GBP odd. Yeah. Came into a PI. I'm still, um...
I was typing and talking, but I'm still bearish on Pound Aussie, but we're generating so much liquidity. When you're doing Forex, you need to plot out your previous monthly lows and highs, your daily low for all of that, because that's huge areas of liquidity for these institutions. And if you look, we're engineering a fuckload of sell-side liquidity here. All the timeframes are bearish as well. We got that weekly break of structure. We haven't got our pullback yet, but also we haven't got...
necessarily confirmation of a pullback beginning um on the monthly we're just kind of like inside bar inside of the inside bar right now so we're just ranging inside a range you know one side of this is going to get swept and if i'm looking for a uh
Oh, and if I'm looking for a weekly pullback, we haven't really got it yet. That could mean we're going to come down and raid these equal lows and take out that sell-side liquidity before we move to the upside.
I said, what MT4 platform is best? Well, MT4 or MT5 is the platform. And if you're saying like what broker, I'm guessing is what you're asking. There's, you know, a lot of them. And I've used Hugo's Way and Prosperity. So that's the only two I can speak on. I've never had an issue with either of them. Yeah, it's going to take some time to develop, I think. Is it? There's going to be so many nice longs against the dollar here soon once it starts to cool off.
I'm not convinced of any kind of reversal yet. Yeah, just DXY, bro, is on absolute fucking crack, bro. It's like... Yeah, I mean, it's like... That's one of the first things I look at in the morning. CL oil, you said? What was it? I always look at US oil. I have a bad habit of that. This chart's cleaner, I feel like. Jesus, bro. Just look at it. It's just got another bullish...
I had a break of structure in the four hours, so we could expect a little bit of a pullback, but I mean, it's just maintaining that bullish order flow. Shit's going like 150 bucks, bro, I swear. I think I marked this from like a four hour a while back. It's been a little bit because it's in my purple boxes. Maybe it was a daily. Really, I'd refine this to this now, like this inside bar the more I look at it. I'm on the daily, that's what I... But yeah, I'd look for something in there. I mean, that's literally like 142-ish, like CME, or...
So much shit on...
So much shit on the dollar against the dollar has rated liquidity or is about to row. Like, um, your, our USD is about to pound dollar has, um, New Zealand dollar is not, it's, it's all about to write daily Aussie dollar is tons of stuff. I mean, it's like, dude, like, but I think that it's all being engineered because once a lot of that's, uh, a lot of that liquidity is rated. I do think we might have, uh,
more reason to look for the dollar to retrace i just want i want this to um to play out some straight dj and shit but against the frank look at this shit it's getting close too but um the problem with this is i need gold to to pump and not necessarily to pump but i need if the dollar is going to keep pumping i need gold to at least hold its own yeah
I've seen a lot recently with crypto. A lot of good setups have been occurring during London Killzone. A lot. Like friends up here, there's all the plays that you could have really got in on most of the coins. The way I would have wanted to get in at were during the London Killzone or leading up to it. Yeah, I know. I was just talking shit about it, like how I was about to...
Even the 15-minute, it just closed again. So now we're bullish to get on the 15-minute. We are finally bears for a couple hours. Nope.
So now you've got that new swing range. DXY is making higher highs. So, you know, it's kind of redundant until you start to see maybe an internal change of character on the 15 minute we start to pull back. It's kind of, you know, backwards to look for, you know, pumps and anything denominated by it until we start to get that pullback. And somebody asked.
London Killzone. No, it's 7 to 9 a.m. is the New York Killzone. From 2 a.m. to 4 a.m. is the London Killzone. And those are Eastern Time.
Yeah, it's whatever. If we're in a bearish market, you'll see a pump at London close because it's that rate on liquidity for them closing positions. But if we're bullish, you'll see a dump on London close. That's another thing I've learned. That's one of those things too. It's not like black and white. You've got to use that other shit. But you always get that rush on whatever draw on liquidity you have in the intraday range.
that's where you'll get those ict setups like for instance when and it was hitting on bitcoin ethereum there for a little bit before everything started just falling off the face of the earth but um everything's gotten pretty volatile with crypto three arrows capital got liquidated on bitcoin i'm guessing apparently three arrows capital i don't know if that's true somebody they're talking about in chat said that it got liquidated
But yeah, I'm still just going to wait for more setups to develop before I go long on any crypto. I do like FTM more than anything. I mean, it needs to come down, but I like what it's developing here.
You could also look at this as one of those accumulation, manipulation, distribution setups if we get confirmation. This being your first deviation liquidity raid. Then if you push down here, look for low timeframes to give a market structure break, and then you could target inefficiencies above. Wouldn't be too crazy of a target, but the risk reward would be good. ADA's been strong, man.
I mean, it fell, of course, but it just has not even broken out of its four-hour range yet. I mean, I would still target that. I think that's going to happen, but it's just crazy how much strength it's held. Look at my actual futures list and see. HNT, top gainer. For some reason, I had that as an alarm. Or no, I didn't. Never mind.
Yeah, KSM is developing pretty nicely as well. It's came all the way down to this weekly demand. I'm going to look at it on a tether chart and see, because it's probably going to be a little different. No, it's about the same. Pullback's definitely begun here. How bad did gaming coins get wrecked? Yeah, yeah. Damn, really? Like Facebook meta? Yeah. All the discords are going to hack these days. Yeah, sand doesn't look too terrible here either. I'm going to refine this zone a little bit.
That's not bad, actually. Hands swept that liquidity, too. So we got that liquidity sweep. I'll set alerts for down here just to watch. A lot of times what happens with Bitcoin, too, is you'll get... This is a good example. This happens on higher time frames as well. For instance, a lot of people, like I say, price will come back up into this.
this zone, right, like this, and people get in their trade here, like they're using maybe the one minute or whatever, and then they put their stop loss above this high. And Bitcoin loves to come up and tag that out. So you see that happen quite a bit, even if it is going to continue down. So I encourage people to use, you know, if you're using the one minute, for instance, like here.
I mean, it really didn't give an entry for you. Or if you were setting a limit maybe here, I always advise to use that higher point because it's better to use the lower timeframes to increase your odds of winning more so than your risk to reward. I mean, risk to reward, you know, you can increase that as well. But with crypto, it just doesn't, you got to see a lot of liquidity rates. So that'll leave a lot of people in a world of pain.
Forex, you can be a little bit more aggressive with that, but crypto is kind of weird. Hold on, what is that? That's you, Algo. I didn't know what the fuck that noise was. Yeah. Oh, shit. It could be that liquidity right there. So that doesn't look bad. Yeah. Euro dollar.
Yeah, I wouldn't even really pay too much attention to euro dollar in this region just because my high time frame Yeah, I want the Yeah, I want that down there Every fucking pair by the dollar I'm gonna put DX on this list. I don't keep clicking on it. Yeah dollars strong, man
Yeah, exactly. That's why I was playing. I fucking should have just took the test instead of doing the trial. I literally opened that account up two days ago, and then I took Euro Pound Shorts yesterday off the ICT setup, and I would have beat the challenge in like four hours.
i'm like god damn it now now whenever i could actually take it it's gonna take like two weeks probably not but like look at this bro is so clean i targeted more i didn't take fools i just plotted this how i should have taken them but it was a little liquidity raid setup like rated that intraday liquidity and low time frame range i was trying to target down um way down i think it was like the four hour equal lows but it wasn't ready i was trying to target like down here or no no no down
there but it was not ready but i still took i took half where it was or where i put this thing hold on these lows i took half there and it was like and i didn't even use the right risk tolerance because you see like what i did was when price um we had that liquidity raid to the upside let's moved it around because i moved on the 15 minute but whenever um
Wait, no, hold on. It was right. Okay, like as we were breaking down here, as we broke this little structure right here, my entry is a little different on MT4, but because we had this liquidity rate of the upside. Yeah, you closed one minute candles. That doesn't mean much to me, but then we broke down right there. And as soon as we started breaking down, like we broke this internal structure right here. And as soon as that happened, and then I saw this inside bar close, I just went ahead and shorted with stops above the high right there.
and that shit just started pissing dxy is just like it's insane dude like it's absolutely fucking insane how strong the dollar is you've been trading options lately too i feel it i've thought about it but i just fuck man i don't know i just don't like the like maybe like zero days and like weeklies or something but i just don't like the way that
Like I get like, like the risk works with it. So like, I'm like, so, you know, stuck of like trying to like, I want to size my position based around the stop loss, which you can obviously do, but it's basically yours. It's different though. You know what I'm saying? Exactly. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. No, a hundred percent. Like, yeah, that's, that's the way I look at options. That's the way I look at options in full is gambling. Yeah. That, that makes sense. Are you talking about GJ?
Yeah, I want to see. Now I'd go for this. I would even be okay with this high getting cleared on the 15-minute on GJ. And then whatever, I'd probably scale in to whatever. I want to see it broke nicely, though. If you're on 15-minute, you probably already got or did it, I guess. Not yet. Somebody said, can I look at ETH in low time frame? Sure.
Just broke out of this supply zone that was kind of holding you down. I wouldn't get too excited by it, but you might be starting to see the lower timeframes give you a little bit more of a bullish order flow. 15 minute though is still bearish under 12. Oh my God, bro. I don't even look at the numbers anymore. I just look at candles, but Ethereum is $1,200. But under $1,285, you're still bearish in my opinion.
There might be some more supply up in here where you would rate these highs, but until you get a closure above 1285, you're still bearish in your immediate bias. We see that price came back up to this supply zone, saw an internal break of structure, sign of weakness. And then really, I guess you could draw this candle as supply. Maybe that's why we broke up. You have that candle as supply. Price pushed up into here, so maybe you have something in this wick.
Let's go to the five minute and just look at it. Yeah, I'd say just this institutional candle that hadn't been tapped into. That candle before displacement. So maybe that. But as of now, 15 minutes still bearish. That's five minute you'd still consider bullish. Well, no. No, it's still bearish too because this was...
No, no, no. I'm sorry. I apologize. The five minute I would consider bullish, I guess, but that doesn't really mean much to me. There was your breakup structure somewhere in here. So your five minute range would be this. If you were looking to stay bullish, you see that you came down into this demand. I don't think it really actually touched it. Yeah, it did. Or no. Sorry. Did not touch it. You saw a reaction from it, but...
you know, for my, my 15 minutes still bearish. I mean, obviously the five minute would have to switch bullish first. So this could be the start of it, but I'm not really rushing to try to like, I think right now is a time where everybody is like super FOMO because they don't want to miss the bottom, but I don't think you have, you know, any urgency. I don't think it's going to just be overnight. So I'm being pretty patient with any kind of longs.
What happened? $30 million? Oh. Celsius paid. Did they pay out $30 million? I'm confused. Yeah, that's the problem. There's so much shit making our dollars stronger. That's the problem. The trade wars. This shit's crazy. Yeah. Sorry, excuse me. Oh yeah, where they're saying the housing market's not going to get affected at all. I saw that and I was like, um...
Uh, I don't know about that. There's GJ. Hell no. 60k is, like, not even gonna cut it. GJ's looking strong. Yeah, that's literally what I'm talking about. It's because our dollars, that's the scary part, is this is how fucked it is with our dollar this strong. Right? Yeah, they got fucked. That's just crazy, bro. Thank you, dumb and peep it.
Yeah. I mean, if it doesn't move here, it's going to tank. What is? I don't know. I don't know why I thought you said Binance. I was like, wait, what are you saying? I was like, what do you mean? What kind of contracts are they? This week's a fun one for news. That's why I'm not really hesitant. I mean, short with a huge stop loss. Short. Yeah.
yeah i wanted to go to see some strength in this area it's just the dollar it just goes back to that because i mean i was really hoping we'd catch some bids here but for one we push right through the zone which i don't necessarily bro i'm yeah no no overall target i just wanted to take buys into sales but overall target for me is 16.76
But we also have these weekly equal highs. It would be amazing, which I don't know. Once we take out this 17, like 80 liquidity, like price kind of moves around and then comes up and tags that and then goes down. That would be the ideal setup on gold to raid these weekly highs. But it's going to take everything getting a release. So I need to kind of take a look at BNX. I remember you asked me to look at this forever ago. Oh, my God.
after i was in the weekly house and this shit's crazy bro this shit doesn't even like fucking what is this coin bro i mean you're still bullish in the four hour um demand is being respected i mean it looks good dude honestly it really does it looks like reaccumulation from that perspective of just the demand being respected um i just man it's insane that it's been this strong yeah no for sure
Honestly, bro, this shit does not look bad for longs. I would look for longs at 122.53, like that area down there. I actually set an alert for that. This is insane how strong this coin has remained. I don't even understand. You can't even tell anything crazy happened here. USDT or DD? I could try, but I don't think that's going to happen. It could, though. Yeah.
That's crazy how strong it is. Huh? For dollar franc? Oh yeah, I did get that alert. I'm not... I am, but it's just on the trial. I reacted to that zone nicely.
Yeah, that's the problem, though, with it. That's why I wouldn't, like, ape into it because of the DXY. But, I mean, the TA, I mean, honestly, you should see at least a pullback for me. I wouldn't maybe target all these crazy lows, but you could target maybe something on here. I'm just kind of watching it play out. But it moved up into the zone nicely with displacement, like we want to see. And, if you know, if you go by, trust the... Oh, my God, it's pissing, though. What was it? 1-4, was the...
Yeah, because that means that – well, I mean, the thing is, though, if the Swiss franc weakens against the dollar, that's kind of what's been happening when we're flying up. That's why I wanted it to retrace.
if gold could start to pump, this shit would start pissing. Like, absolutely. But the reason I picked this zone was it was the, if we look on the weekly, it was where the distribution from the weekly liquidity raid happened. So that was the only reason I picked this POI. And then if you look, you know, we had this distribution, right? Yeah. That's what I, that's what we, that's what I feel like is going to happen.
Somebody asked, what am I looking for next on GJ? So I want to see a return. I want to see it push up a little more. And then there's a little bit of background noise. I don't know who it's from. But you're saying that you might need to mute just while you can talk. I'm not going to mute you. I don't want to. But just while it's you're totally fine.
Oh, I feel bad because I muted him, and then he asked me to unmute him one time, and I unmuted him, but I don't think he was there. Because I encourage all you guys, like, please talk. I'd rather more people talk, the better. Fucking cryptocurrency. How cryptocurrencies are going to save the world. Of course. What kind of cryptocurrencies are you guys invested into? No, I know. So there's for Boston. DriveX coming at $13.
No, I would hold those. Those are good ones to be, like, holding. Because, I mean, just on the Coinbase line charts. The USD... My bad, go ahead. Did y'all? Oh, hell yeah. You sold it? No! Oh my god, bro. That's fucking pain. Dude, that's fucked. Trying to focus on Forex right now. Are these...
these ufd frank or yeah usd frank shorts are fucking printing on the the trial it's up like four racks in like 10 minutes 21.4 it was just one percent wrist tolerance with the 200k account um for for um yeah as i say for 4x i highly recommend yeah use like here i'll drop it actually um hold on one second oh well like 19k
Yeah, that was daily liquidity rate, too. The $21,920 was the liquidity target I had. I wasn't until the 15 minutes clearly bullish, which to me it's not.
I'm probably about to hop off here and go grab some lunch, guys. But what I'd be watching for if you guys, 4X Stevens, watch GJ to come down into the zone, get that low time frame, new demand introduced. We come down here and you want an internal break of structure, and then you could play off that demand. That's what I'd be looking for. I'd be more aggressive. Now, if you want to be more conservative, you can wait for a 15-minute swing structure to shift. That's totally up to you and whatever your risk tolerance is.
Until tomorrow, I will see you guys later. Peace.
