What's good, what's good? I'm gonna give everybody a second to get in here. Alright, I think I gave everybody enough time. What's up, full-port shorts?
So one thing I'm looking at a Bitcoin now, you know, originally I wanted the week to go a little more bearish. I was anticipating this is going to be the high of the week. Well, I mean, who knows that could still hold. I think that, you know, like we talked about the NFP, NFP kind of showed us its hand or at least the market reacted to it. And something else I want to go over. We went over this a little bit and I posted about this in the private server, but DXY, we've been talking about this target.
um this fair value gap from 02 for a long time now right up in this region so now we've got our reaction to it and we can see that price is definitely pushing away from now we haven't got any breaks of structure on a four hour or above i think the one hour um really one hour in my opinion hasn't either i would and i we have gotten some shifts but not any kind of break of structure the downside um
But if we can get that, that will help build the narrative for the short term bull case. Something else I wanted to point out on Bitcoin, we're looking at the daily. Originally, I had one of these equal lows. That's kind of what I've had my interest on. But what I will say is there's definitely was a lot of sell side liquidity under this low right here, just based off of how impulsive we moved away from it.
So, and I've seen this idea circulating on Twitter and a couple of different servers recently, but I'm starting to see this more as accumulation, manipulation, and then distribution. I could see that narrative play out. So, just by the way that we're reacting off of the news and we're under this low, you know, again, originally I wanted us to come down here, but I mean, maybe this order block.
Had enough juice in it to push us back up. Now, the reason I've got this highlighted is this is the breaker that took us up and broke stops, pushed us into equilibrium of the fair value gap. So, you know, I'm looking at because, you know, whenever we started to distribute, we look for a higher time frame or a high time frame price delivery array to move into. So we do have a lot of liquidity above these highs.
And then this fair value gap that's remaining. But I like this breaker a lot for the reason that it is at OTE. So, you know, and also we talked on Monday how we this was, you know, we didn't even come into premium of this range. And that would also build a narrative that this could be some manipulation of the downside. So that's kind of where I'm looking at on Bitcoin. I think we should come up and take these highs.
Somebody said, Adam, I wanted to look at indices. I'm not day trading anything today. I know we got in those TRB swings. Yeah, actually there was a five minute region on NOS. Yeah, that's what it took off from. Once we came under this, I wanted to see, I wasn't, oh, it actually didn't. I was watching and I was wondering if we were going to take off from there, but it wasn't the three drive. So it liquidated the people again. Didn't really give much of an entry unless you just kind of bought as it flew.
But overall, I think that everything is going to take a little move to the upside, especially with DXI where it's at. Indices took out this low right there, and they're coming off of very strong, which leads me to believe that price does want to push to the upside. So overall, through the week, it stayed bearish. We moved away from that weekly open. But that news coming out, and also dollar where it's at, are going to be.
catalysts for a shift or a reversal late in the week. So again, NFP weeks can be pretty wild. But yeah, I'll look at Adam now. Came into that there. You know, I mean, I could see it making a run back up into this area over here. I mean, really, because, you know, these highs would be the next target. But, you know, above that, you've got a fair value gap here. You've got a fair value gap here. But then I see this massive order block right here.
So we should check out gold.zp. Yeah, gold was clean right off this four-hour order book right here. And NFP is always going to affect gold pretty heavily. And you could have seen, like we talked about on yesterday's stream, DXY being at this area, near we cut in the Discord. We cut near pretty quickly.
Because of this rationale. Still about where we cut. So if you're in near, I'd probably chill on it. I'd cut it. It's like a 0.2 or 0.3 R loss. Yeah, we cut that pretty quick yesterday. Let me see. Low tongue frame ICT model smacked. It was a 15 minute. I mean, 5 minute was probably a little clearer. Yeah, I mean, you can use that confirmation entry. It's a change of character, but it's important to use it with displacement.
That was clean right there Also right at equilibrium a lot of times gold won't do that in the lower time frames. It'll just go. Yeah, that was a very clean entry Off the four-hour water block I'm gonna hide some of this cuz I want to have I want to keep it, but I don't want it to clutter my screen Yeah, I think gold could make a move back up towards this weekly open
But at the same time, we don't have that much time. I mean, you could also see some resistance in this fair value gap we're in. It's very good potential. Overall though, just be mindful of DXY where it's at because it's definitely due for some retracement after hitting the sim. What's EURUSD doing? I think EURUSD wants this imbalance here.
Take this low right here. Yeah, took those lows out and all these equal lows right here and just off to the races. And this seems to have been the protected low. This is also where we hit off that monthly level that I'm back here almost to a T. I think it's like seven pips off.
You know, if Eurodollar can consolidate here and start to form a little bit of a swing low here on the monthly, we could see, I mean, again, I think everybody wants a market crash. And I think that it is definitely coming with due time, but it's already really happened in my opinion as well. But I do think that we could see some relief if DXY starts to cool down because, I mean, it's at a level. It's at that equilibrium of the monthly price delivery range. Also that high.
which is on the fair value gap some uh or is a uh i'm sorry and the monthly is a fair value gap and the weekly as well um the weekly's fair value gap ends right there but i mean who knows you know dxy has been on a tear but you know at this point i would look for some form of retracement i mean even if it's just down to this weekly fair value gap and allows spy and nos to kind of come up and mitigate this fair value gap up here nos has something very similar yep
These are the zones that I'd be watching out for. And again, we're on Friday, so we'll see how much stuff can move today. But this would be because Bitcoin, the reason I want Bitcoin to go higher is because, see, we never had any form of proper mitigation during this range right here.
So we never even came close to coming back up, no matter where you draw it. I mean, here was really the impulse move, but we never came close to a premium of this range. So we were sitting on top of this buy side or sell side liquidity, and it seems like market makers wanted to manipulate price down, trap a bunch of shorts down here, and then push price to the upside.
That's kind of the vibe I'm getting from Bitcoin. And the reason I wanted to go higher is because we didn't feel this inefficiency. Now, if we look at SPY, we came up, hit equilibrium, filled a daily imbalance, and off the race. The same thing with NASDAQ. So, you know, my targets for them aren't as high as of right now. The weekly open will probably provide some form of stopping power as well.
Let me look at some crypto. Oh, yeah, I'll update on TRB as well. I've been slow. Seen really not as much of a bump as everything else. So, you know, it's not always fun, but I'm still going to hold this one. I think that we'll see a nice pop off of her, but it's just taking some time. I did want to peep some other entries maybe for you guys for the weekend because I think the one this weekend could be one of those. I'm just going to go on a daily and kind of peep a few things.
These alts, they're already kind of ahead of the game. That's why I picked TRB is because it was not That's crazy. I reacted right off the 705 We drew this like a while ago I went a little under it. Dot. Yeah, Glacier got you guys in a snipe on this one. I like this gap on dot. Like win. You're going crazy. That was clean.
If you guys have any setups you want me to look at I guess I just said your euro dollar Kind of give it a little bit of a peep, but I'll look at it again
So I would say at this point, you're coming up for this high. You really took the sell side from this range. I would have viewed this low, really, major on this timeframe. For our, these equal lows is where you move the most impulsively off of. So we took that. Now we have the buy side of the range and an imbalance above it. So I would say you're probably headed for this high right here. I don't know if it'll be today, but this is where I'd be looking. Here's a piece of ADA.
Yeah, I like this zone right here. Always notice crypto comes back and liquidates the super low time from traders if they're holding their trades Like right here, you know, if you got in there use a low time confirmation that would have been your stop Get liquidated. I also like this setup more than any ones we've looked at so far. I don't know those equal highs Let's see This looks like Kind of like this some right here. What is this? Let's see what the risk reward would be like here
I like this. I'm going to set someone that's on ADA.
Hold on one second. So I said, why don't I consider ADA as a break of structure to the downside and not returning to bearish OB for mitigation. I'm looking at it more from my potential of this imbalance that needs to be filled. And also see how we came down into this daily order block and the four hour. And I mean, I see this daily order block. I see what you're talking about. But I'm more also using the general thesis I have for Bitcoin as well. And then all this inefficiency we haven't mitigated.
I'm typing the signal. All right, there we go. Yeah, the reason I didn't just get it is I see these equal lows here and then that one-hour order block that took out this liquidity right here. That's the reason I picked that zone. Ideally, I wouldn't want to see it get under this if we're going to continue the upside because we're moving up. Bullish waterfall seems to be in play, so I don't think we should get under that if we're going to continue.
DXY, yeah, we went over. DXY is in that weekly fair value gap and monthly liquidity has been taken as well. I think that it definitely has some room to retrace. I like this setup, though, because usually, you know, these daily breakers, I mean...
On a three drive like pretty much all of crypto saw Usually you'll see that get mitigated like we saw with the one hour on Bitcoin the original three drive like kind of the three drive inside of the three drive And we took longs up to this area I wasn't necessarily just the breaker. It was a fair value gap, but you'll see some form of POI get mitigated and this we long from like here I think up to there but
That that's the kind of price action you see the three drives, you know accumulation in a distribution that redistribution into the mitigation level of the
the three drive. But we didn't see that on the daily. And we talked about that on Monday. I was like, you know, it's kind of crazy how bearish crypto is moving. But now I see it more from a term that this is just manipulation down here to trap shorts because we did come under this level of liquidity. And I hadn't eyed this as much before. But when I'm looking back, it is one of the most impulsive moves we had during this range. When you look, you know, yes, we moved violently off of this. But, you know, I mean, kind of.
You know, this, that one daily candle envelops all of that movement. So that tells me that, you know, whenever you're looking for liquidity, you need to look for zones that have impulsive moves away from them, not just zones that, you know, just obvious zones only. I mean, those as well, but it's important to note zones that have impulsive moves away. Like here's a great example. So on Bitcoin on the one hour, notice how price came down right here.
And it didn't take these equal lows or these lows right here. And if you're wondering why, it's because the sell-side liquidity really was resting under this low, because that's where we started to move impulsively off of. This low, this low. That's where your liquidity is going to reside. Now, obviously, yes, there is liquidity under these. I'm not saying there's not, but I'm saying that you have to be mindful of where we really started to move from.
When you look over here price kind of came down that was your liquidity raid wick And oftentimes Ebo has been pointing this out a lot. I guarantee this is probably kind of came back to OTE Put my crosshair on yeah, exactly and that's what it's doing a lot of times these lick raid wicks They'll come back to OTE and that is where the true expansion lies So that's where the stops really reside
I took a little scalp yesterday afternoon on Bitcoin. I'll go over that. This is whenever you have these small opportunities. I didn't risk much on it just because it was late in NFP week. It almost got stopped, but I was looking at...
This level when we came down to this fair value gap and after we had responded off of taking that liquidity We were just from talking about right there. I looked at like okay bullish order flows in play We left equal highs like they were like almost perfectly equal. This one was 1930 they weren't yet perfectly equal highs Right and then price came back down into this inefficiency right here. I went to the one minute and found a
and efficiency at equilibrium of the original impulse move. So whenever you're trying to dissect charts, you want to find where is the original impulse move that gave the bias that you're looking at. Now you can see it came back down deeper into optimal trade entry, but I just took a limit off of this fair value gap.
And then price almost stopped me out. I was at the gym, so it was nice. I wasn't watching it. I came back. I kind of forgot about it almost because I set my limits. It was a very low risk play. It was like 0.25% because I was out of session. I just liked the setup. I was like, the TA's there. I'm going to take it. Pretty clean role play.
I won't be able to swing any of these alt swings or trade them on the funded because you can't trade on the weekends with MFF. You can hold it, but you risk price plummeting and the dollar is losing strength. The time is still 11. It's still fairly early. So the S&P has already taken these highs. NAS has not yet.
Is that on NQ? Because sometimes I've noticed, I might start watching just the NQ charts. I need to upgrade my subscription so I can get the up-to-date futures. I just watch the futures contracts. Even when I'm trading on FTMO, I watch NQ one exclamation. Yeah. What's that? How do I, which one is it? Because I went to, hold on. It's the CME data, I think it is. Hang on, let me double check my account building. I'm going to go ahead and just do that and stop.
It is the... Oh, shit. EuroJPY is crossing my area. It's crossing 140. It's going to go take highs. Watch. You need...
CME group. I was going to get my billing page. I'm like, it's going to pop up my last four or something in my card. Yeah, it's called CME group. It has the E-mini included in it. You got the CME C-bot. I think I know how I can do it. Hold on. It doesn't show what I thought. Where is it?
Here, I'll show you the ones I have. I think if I click on this, it will do it for me. Yeah, there we go. I was trying to figure out how to CME group. There we go. I put it in the video thread. You don't want to talk about that place. We forget that we did it. I think I found it because I've been wanting to do that for a while.
Only reason why I watch those is because that's what the money trades. Yeah, no, exactly. And the thing is, too, the weekly opens with those. Wait, wrong tab. Where did my trading view go? There it is. Oh, by the way, Michael Huddleston is on one today. What did he say? He's like, have you seen a rented MT4 server being used here? Are you ducking me? Wait, what?
He said, I'm fucking ready, you piece of shit. Bring your Mickey Mouse horse shit. Oh, I know who he's talking about. It's that Sam KB guy. Have you seen that? What the fuck? I just went to Twitter. It's my first thing. This is what they're talking about. This guy, he's been... I don't know if you guys will be able to hear it or not.
So guys, if you can't see ICP's dooms by now, you need to open your eyes. Yesterday on Twitter, I called him out. I challenged him to a trading competition here in our office. I offered to pay for all of his flights and to document the full thing. And he turned me down. He ran scared and he said, no, let's compete online in the Robins Cup, in the World Cup of Trading. He said, I'm ready to go. Let's do it. So I said, I woke up this morning.
and i entered myself into the robins cup for 2022. and i said okay ict i accept oh he's talking about the traders yeah the ball's in your court i mean and what did ict do he said actually bro ict's concepts didn't work we wouldn't be making money so yeah and also you need to make the first move how slippery is this guy gonna be
Granted, it's combined with a double thing. This guy is trying for that clout. He was saying a bunch of other shit, too. It was funny. Those dudes for the clout over here. There we go. Please reload the chart. Did it work? I might have just started watching these, to be honest.
Yeah, you'll like it a lot better. The price action is so smooth. Yeah, well, the thing is too, like with these weekly gaps, any kind of gaps like that matter a lot more. Like I mark up ES and stuff, but I'm in as... Let me just go ahead and clean these charts up. Start watching these.
Yes, like these weekly gaps like that see like how it wasn't even like theoretically a gap, but you can see a reacted like one you Know that high right now that shit's funny
He said, if you want to fade, come see me, bitch. He said, if you want to fade, come see me, bitch. He said, if you want to fade, come see me, bitch. He said, if you want to fade, come see me, bitch. He said, if you want to fade, come see me, bitch. He said, if you want to fade.
That would be fucking hilarious if they did some shit like that. They would never, but that would be fucking hilarious. Could you imagine some shit like that, bro? I'd fucking go to that. I'd fucking fly to that.
Dude, gold is just like, it's so funny how fucked gold is. I mean, it took the sell side here. It just, it makes, it takes those lows you think it's, you know, not going to stop at. And then that's, but it won't just like, you know, like for instance here, like it takes this and you're like, okay, no reaction. And then it goes down, goes almost all the way to where you want it to go. And then it's just like, oh, but that's, I see what it reacted off. Was that four hour water block?
I said, what do I consider an order block? I saw the opposite side before the impulsive move. And also the opposing candle mustn't be higher than the impulsive move. Yes, like this would be an order block. That's kind of what you're describing. Down candle before the engulfing. But yeah, like a lot of people, like supply and demand and order blocks, I mean, they're theoretically the same things, but I see a lot more of the...
I see a lot more, I guess, looseness in selection of POIs whenever people are looking at a supply and demand, which, you know, I mean, that's kind of the strategy there. It's just any buy to sell range or sell to buy range before it moved to the upside. But whenever you're talking about like an ICT order block, there's a little bit more of a deeper criteria you have to meet.
yeah personally don't use it if it didn't do anything i like to be honest if i'm going to use them i want them to have taken liquidity like this exactly yeah like this to me was a sweep zone because it like came under that old low right there and bam moved up like i can see and then it's also a daily order block yeah i feel like i've had more success doing that than just uh
Short, long, short, long. Yeah, bro. Order block, order block. I've worked with so many people that watched Photon and then they're like, well, this. And I'm like, bro, that shit is like, I mean, I ain't talking. It's basic as fuck. You need to build on it. You need to watch ICT after that. Photon is just so you understand what ICT is going to be talking to you about. Exactly. I try to tell people, I'm like, because somebody was like, Photon, because Photon is all you need to get started. I will agree with that. It is all you need to get started in SMC.
Yeah, I don't trade like Michael Huddleston, but if you watch those Photon videos, you can literally go into ICT or MintFX, and it'll be the easiest thing to understand. Yeah, same with that. It's just selling dreams around. People will be biting on that shit hard as fuck. Yeah, if you just start with ICT, he starts with interest rates and shit, and you're like, ah. Yeah, it kind of works.
backwards which i like i mean i've been really diving into ict stuff um i'm actually gonna spend some time today i've been like going back and watching all the core content and uh yeah i recently started watching his youtube mentorship again yeah also bro you know you should go watch the uh the market maker primer series it's from 2017 i swear to you it's the best he has on youtube by far it's the most direct
and like efficient as well like it's not as uh
drawn out. You know what I mean? It's very direct. It's very in order very well. That's another thing. Like the core content, some of the stuff, I was like, holy shit, like market maker primer series, Braden. But some of the shit, you're just like, holy shit. Like you said, he starts out and it's like, here's the equilibrium. He's like, here's how you could predict the next macro economic run with the bonds market SMT diversions. People are like, huh?
Which that shit hits that I was going over that yesterday like look at this shit. I See like it's still on five here. Look like how perfect this was real Right here. This was the same sort right here around the same time, you know, right here and it was also right there if you like it was actually Right here as well double
But you can see each time that happens, it's just, but this one actually, it kind of moved to the downside. But here's where I really see the move because, you know, theoretic, that just tells me that the bonds are being distributed for more downside. And a dollar, obviously, we saw more upside from that. The target's reacting pretty nice on DXY. Isn't that Robins? That's the thing that Mark Minervini wins. I don't know if it's that one. Mark Minervini, bro, he wins like...
motherfucking like every of the one of those contests like almost every year it seems like yeah he knows he's really good at trading yeah he's an he's what i like to call an intuitive trader because i've read a lot of his stuff like watched it and it's like he's one of those people he just you know what i'm saying like he just kind of uh he just kind of knows like he gets in tune with what he you know what i mean like because his a ta is like super like random like retail shit but he hits and what's funny is that uh
The guy that was calling out ICT. Let me see now, like, he's, uh, he's, like, slowly, like, um, I was gonna say slowly shilling his paid group and shit. Like, posting his charts a little bit. How do those trading, um, cups work? Is it just, like, basically, that's 4x. Okay, I was wondering what they were trading. I got an account. Oh, wait, what did I say? Oh, fucking graduate doxing me over here. He said, what up, Jesse?
Also, I appreciate you Zoso. Appreciate you coming through. It's a nice little Friday morning. I really enjoy the times that I'm not trading like heavily. Like if I'm swinging, you know, getting some crypto swings or whatever on my Binance, the little port, whatever. But when I'm not trading, you know, it's been a while. I've been trading the...
Either the challenge or the fun that it is nice to observe price from a Completely objective perspective. I mean we try to do that while we're trading of course, but you know, we're not robots You can only do so much you still are you still have the dog in the race, but it's nice to just Be able to study price It's interesting. It's gonna be an interesting weekend for crypto for sure
Look through more of these crypto charts. I wonder if this crypto spot, I used to use this during the bull run. It's crazy. Like, during the bull run, bro, I know that we haven't been streaming on YouTube for that long, but those of you that have been here and played it for a while, we used to fucking watch so much. Because in the bull run, it was just literally like, pick a coin, any coin, or pick a card, not a coin. But we used to fucking murder the spot market. We used to watch so many coins, and I would actually like...
scroll through these pretty actively. Why is GBPUSD and Aussie dollar in this down here? Must have accidentally out of those. All these rug pulls are just fucked. What is VAT? Whatever happened to VAT? Is it just bad? The VAT's just been chilling. It doesn't look bad here though, to be honest with you.
And why HNT gotta do me like that? Have any of you guys noticed, any of the HNT miners in here, that fucking... Mine have been doing a lot better. Have they? Dude, like a lot better. I haven't checked one. Bro, I about forget that I have them. Same thing. Maybe that's why Helium was trending yesterday or the day before. Yeah, it was... I mean, it's dying right now, the price of it, but...
production i should say what's up yeah chr i mean like this is not a bad looking chart i have 170 of those things left uh helium yeah yeah i actually have like it was like six or seven hundred bucks i don't know what that comes out to but it's something xrp see this is what it's weird because it mitigated all that this is what i would have wanted to see on everything else
Look at my I think I deleted that list. I had a list of just the majors What's me and be doing and be kind of already mitigated as well excellent though
I'll keep an eye on excellent. If it can start showing some bullish structure, because it really hasn't yet on the four-hour. If we can get above this line, I'll probably watch this little flip zone if this ends up being the push that does it. If not, it'll probably be something lower. But if it gets above this line, I'll start to watch. I'm not sure how vigilant I will be since it's going to be the weekend. I'll be going to get my daughter today, but I'll keep an eye on that. I would definitely watch this. This dude really is over here at Tekashi 6-9-ing ICT, though.
Oh my god, I'm just watching. I'm just nervous. He said, I'm fucking ready, you piece of shit. Yeah, he's going in. Holy shit. He called him a punk ass no balls. Or your punk ass has no balls. I was like, this dude really just no balls then? What the fuck? This dude is for real fucking unhinged.
I'll share, guys. I'm going to answer a couple of these questions. AVAX targets. I think that was Meng's play. I'm not sure what targets he gave you guys. I said, hello, sir from Greece. I'm new to this space. What do you think steps I have to follow to be like you? I just stay focused and make your expectations to learn and not to earn. That's my biggest advice. Be patient.
Also, I said the OB I used for ADA was different.
So I'm refining it from a four hour candle or what's it called? Demand candle. It's just the last one hour candle. Like it didn't get a one hour engulfing, but price is fractal. So we see price did engulf the candle, if that makes sense. It's not necessarily what you would call an ICT order block, but it did take liquidity here as well. I could have went on a 15 minute and found something similar to that. But at some point inside that candle, you could go down and refine and refine and find it.
I won't always require an engulfing immediately after, but that would be more of an ICT order block like we were saying earlier. Bitcoin is going to pump with what you see, right? Well, I mean, that's what we're thinking about. Nobody knows for sure. And if alts will follow, I mean, yeah, usually if Bitcoin pumps, alts are going to follow. If I think Bitcoin is going to pump, I'm probably not going to be looking for shorts.
If your TA tells you to short, just follow your TA. I don't want to shake you out of a bias you had. It's really important as a trader. It's one thing if you're in a server to just get signals and you're in it for a passive way, that's totally fine. You've got to completely follow whoever you're following. But if you're also trading on your own and you're not just doing that, I always tell people, if you have your own bias, trade it.
Because even if you're wrong, it's okay. It's okay to be wrong. You know, I'm wrong. Sometimes it happens all the time. Everybody is wrong. Doesn't mean that you're not going to make money. So don't afraid to be wrong. I can't tell you how many times when I was a new trader, like very early on, I would let...
Other people's you know opinion shift my bias and it's just a bad mentality to do that because even if it ends up helping you it's just building bad practices and Yeah, like I said, I cut in here earlier, bro That's why we cut it we cut it in the discord almost right. It's like an hour or two after the stream
You're thinking too much. If you don't think it will pump, then don't cut it. But if you, you know what I'm saying? Like, because if you're, I know what feeling you're having. You're like, oh, maybe it won't for some time. You think it'll pump. It's just, you know, there's either the fear of missing out on it if it goes without you or the fear of being wrong and whatever. If you went off my bias, I cut it. You know what I'm saying? So I cut it for like a 0.2 R loss or 0.3, something like that.
But if you're going off your bias, follow your bias. That's my advice. Because if you don't, it builds deep-rooted problems that will hurt you later in the long run.
But the reason I cut it was yes, because I think that Bitcoin is going to move. If that's what you're asking, I cut it just because it's the weekend. I could easily see an accumulation manipulation distribution set up on Bitcoin daily. You know, I'm looking at it like we took the sell side from this range. We'll probably come to these highs here, if not higher.
And that would be my bias. But who knows, I might be wrong. You might be right. You never know. So I would expect probably some form of retracing here because we got that little three drive above this high right here. That was where the 15-minute buy side was. Lower time frame three drive one. Kind of ugly, but I would probably look for a retracement down back under this low at this point.
Yeah, no problem. I hope you get what I'm saying too like I don't mean to I may sound like an asshole, but I'm just being genuine like don't Don't let me shift your Your bias if you have now if you're just going off mine just follow it, but yeah, you get it much love What else is I was gonna look at I looked at BNB a vex you guys are already in dot I like to xrp got alerts set for xlm
Solana do them. I delete my TA and like I keep it half the time when I'm watching stuff sometimes I'll just literally hit this button because I don't even want it. I used to have my charts so marked up all the time. I like that.
So like Adeliki, here's a good example of another one. Like, yes, we didn't get a, you know, immediate engulfing, but if you look, it took liquidity, right? Because there was sell side right there, took that liquidity out and then expanded off of it. Now, if you go, you know, price is fractal. So we're viewing on a four hour view, but I'm sure if you go somewhere in here, whether it's a five minute or whatever, you can continuously, you know, go in and maybe find what you're looking for. You know what I mean? Like as far as it can engulfing, maybe it's this candle.
It's theoretically the body. I mean, it's not really engulfing, but you see what I mean? So you can continuously go through if that's what you want to do and try to find that. But when I'm looking at it from like, you know, more of building a narrative of where we're at and I'm not using it to trade off of this, I'm not going to really do that as much or acquire it, if that makes sense. We're just using, we're viewing it from a higher timeframe because I view it like, okay, price came down, took that. Then we had a pretty immediate change of character right there. Price came back down into this candle.
And you see the same thing. How far is Sol from the daily targets? And the reason, so here's another question I've been getting asked by people, like, why would I put my fib there? That's where I see the impulse move start. Yes, this is the top, but like, you see, we kind of push down, move back up, push down, consolidate it on the lower time frame, then bam. That's where the big move happened. And then look what we've got right here. I honestly kind of saw it like Sol from right here. Let's stop like under there. Let me see what this would look like.
Also, let me go in a little bit on the lower timeframes. I like this a little bit better, because this would be kind of your flip zone. So you got your original 15-minute confirmation right there, and your price came up into the supply, and then moved off that. I like this trade. The session indicator I have is Forex Market Sessions by Boitaki. But I change it to where it's just kill zones.
Well on that note guys, I'm going to hop off here. I'm so there's any questions This is why I type fast. Yeah, I'm sorry. You guys can hear it now. I have so somebody asked about Bing X They asked me they actually hit me up to do a partnership
I don't have anything against any of them, any of the exchanges like Delta. And I don't have anything against any of them. And a lot of super reputable people I know that I respect work with them. So I don't want to give any incorrect.
uh vibes i just personally i will never put my name next to an exchange unless it's like um binance or something along those nature just because i don't want to i don't i can't tell you for sure i mean i'm sure they're safe but i'm real weird about stuff like that with putting my name with stuff it's just not worth the the risk to reward is just not there for me because i look at it like okay
Let's say the economy completely just crashes and then they go bankrupt and people get fucked over. Something happens, which I don't think would happen, but there's always a possibility. I don't want to ever put my name next to that or risk having that occur. It's just, you know, there's just no way.
No way that I would ever do that unless it was a very like, you know, Coinbase hit me up and said a collab. And even then it's like Coinbase had rumors they were going out. And nothing new with exchanges dying. Yeah, exactly. I mean, and I just it's just for me, if people trust what I'm saying, I take that pretty seriously. And I don't ever want to like I'm a big my mind is like so risk. I guess I don't know the word for it. Like.
For instance that there's that old saying or old question. They they ask people it's like Would you rather risk? Risk 500 to make 500 or take a 100% $250 loss and the 100 Adverse. Yeah, like it's yeah. Yeah, really the worst word but
You know, people always say, oh, I'd rather risk 500 to make 500. But that's the incorrect answer. So I'm just like, what's the worst possible? You know, what's Murphy's Law? Because as soon as you ignore Murphy's Law, it comes into play. So I said, except ICT and Photon, anybody else you can recommend to watch? Honestly, I would just recommend ICT, if anything. That would be where I'd be at.
Yeah, as always, I appreciate you guys. And until Monday, except for the P on the private server, we'll be doing a class tomorrow. But until Monday, other than that, I will be signing off. So until then, enjoy your weekend. Get outside. Don't stay on charts the entire time. And stay safe. Don't get liquidated. Peace.
