What's up, guys? I'm going to give everybody a couple minutes to get in here. I know it's later in the evening and a lot of people kind of forget these streams are even going on. Might as well go ahead and put it on Bitcoin. I guess that's the show everybody's wanting to watch right now. I'll go over kind of this recent price action we had today and what it could mean going forward as far as our immediate bias. But I want to give everybody a second.
I always enjoy these nice streams. I like pouring up some wine, just vibing, kind of chilling. The morning streams are like live trading. It's kind of, you know, we're in the zone. But it's nice to kick back. So if you guys ever also, if you want to unmute your mics, you know, just come through and chill. Don't be shy. Take advantage of these streams, you know, to unmute your mic. Ask questions like if you want live TA, if you want...
You know, just help with whatever. I'm sure there's someone else out there with the same exact question. So no question is a stupid question. What's up, Broham? I see you on the YouTube. Oh, what's up, Raheev? I'm glad you're a first time viewer. You said I appreciate you taking the time to hop in here and see what we got going on. Drop in the comments, where did you find, how did you find me? If you're a first time viewer, I'm just curious. And what's up, EZ?
somebody said can i do solana at some point for sure granny or sway as your username says might as well let's go ahead and hop on solana
Oh, so I've always passed. So really, for me, I see that we're in demand. I think I refined this a little bit. We're in this weekly demand zone. Now, for some of you watching, you're like, that's not a demand zone. It's not a down candle. For me, it's an institutional candle. It's just the candle before displacement that results in the break of structure. And we also know we're on a weekly chart. So if we go down to maybe daily.
you know we can refine these zones to you know um however we see fit i think i just left it as the institutional candle and you could refine it all the way down here if you wanted to this as being your institutional candle did we tap into that i don't think so so this kind of goes also into um i'm just gonna
There we go. One thing about Solana that I... Like, long-term liquidity target for me is still all these equal lows right here. Under $18. I don't even like Solana. I don't like the network. I don't like how centralized it is. Oh, somebody said there... Okay, so you're a member of Quaybit, but you've never been able to watch the streams. Okay. Well, I'm glad that you could tune in today, so that's dope. But with Solana, you know...
Long term, I'm looking under 18 bucks, just equal those weekly liquidity target. But I don't have to see that get hit, you know, before I make any moves on it. But long term, that's where I would, you know, that's where I'd consider buying equity, you know, accompanied with bullish price action under these levels. And, you know, a lot of levels people say are crazy, like 18 bucks, it's 38 right now. Yeah, you know, it could still go to 60 bucks. And my weekly liquidity target is still going to be that.
you know unless we come up and close a week over 140 bucks which uh you know we'll talk about that bridge or we'll cross that bridge whenever we come to it um so weekly bearish i mean you should always start on your weekly chart and be understanding of where your weekly high and low is so here was our break of structure the first one that shifted as bearish um your swing structure went as so up here bam took out that low came up took out that low again so with that being said
Here's your weekly break of structure, your most recent one. And you've got your weekly high right here. And you've got your weekly low. This is also the same as your daily low. Where is it? There we go. So just mark those up. You just need to know what kind of range you're playing within. And be aware of...
Be aware of, you know, is the weekly pullback maybe in play because, you know, we always want to be aware of the higher timeframes and what they're telling us and be cognizant of the bigger picture because that's how we build our narrative and that's how we frame our trades. We don't just use the low timeframes to, for instance, if the 15 minutes bullish, you know, but.
The weekly is bearish and we have no signs of a weekly pullback and the daily is bearish and the four hours bearish. You have to assume that weekly or that 15 minute is just bullish to come up and retrace until something changes. So for me, where we're at currently, this daily high right here, or I guess it's maybe a different level, but this inside bar right here, that's our weekly internal high as of right now. For me to say the weekly pullback had begun.
I would have to see that broken. It's a pretty wide range, as with most crypto, because we've seen this pretty violent death spiral.
Take it with a grain of salt we could for instance, you know price came down right here and took out the low Let me hide these because they're in the way So for instance, you know, we went over our internal structure and play a bit this last week And I know some of you guys that aren't play but didn't get to see that But internal structure You know what we use internal structure for is to determine when this pullback is going to begin so What we need is you know this internal high right here
And why is that the internal high? Well, we came down. We were making lower lows on each candle, pulled back, and then started to make lower lows again. So this was a pullback. Now we have a new bearish price lag. So this is our internal high, and this is our internal low. Now, if this candle right here comes down, or the next candle, I'm sorry, the next candle comes down and takes that low, well, we now have a new internal high.
Until then, I'm pretty far away from saying the weekly pullback is beginning, but that's most crypto. With the daily, the weekly is going to be giving us our long-term perspective. Every candle is seven days. Seven days to a lot of you guys is unbearable to even hold a trade, so don't get upset that the weekly is not bullish yet. Now, on the daily chart...
We also are bearish. There is your last break of structure. And why is it here instead of here? Well, you guys who follow me for a while know I don't use wicks for my high time frame breaks of structure. I use them to map highs and lows. But for a confirmation of a new range, I need a closure. So right there is where we got it. What's the highest point between the two lows? Right there. Where do we start to bounce from? Right here. So now the daily chart tells us a little bit of a different story.
Remember, we use the internal structure to tell us when a pullback may have begun. Well, if you see right here, we had this internal high. Why was this an internal high? Well, price, this candle broke or sponsored a break of the net if it's low. It came down, lower lows, lower lows, until we didn't, which was right here. So now you had a new internal low right there. This candle came up.
then this candle right here broke your low. So that makes this a high. You broke that high, that could be signaling that the daily pullback is beginning. Now, how does that help us in our everyday trading plan? Well, if we are looking at the daily chart, yes, we're bearish. So any longs would be technically counter trend to the daily chart. But we know that after every break of structure,
We expect a pullback, right? Because a lot of liquidity has been removed from the market. When do we expect a pullback? We want to get a change of character, that internal structure break. What can we pair with that to gain confluence? Supply and demand. So you're in a weekly demand zone.
Got to change a character. It's a pretty likely place where you would see this daily pullback. Now, where is this daily pullback going to go? We're going to use the same thought process we use to identify when it begins to find out when it ends. We can use supply zones, preferably in a premium, but with crypto lately, especially with macroeconomic conditions, I wouldn't say we have to go to a premium for this pullback to end. Ideally, you'd want to go to a POI in premium.
that hasn't been mitigated, but I wouldn't say that it's necessary. So once we start to see price change character again to the downside, and we take out that internal low, which currently would be this candle, that can change on a candle to candle basis. But whenever we see that occurrence, we can say, okay, well, the daily pullback is now over. Now the daily internal structure and swing structure is bearish.
You know, it would make it give lungs a harder time. Now, where is this possibly going to happen? I think I've already refined this zone, but we have this daily.
supply zone. That last up candle before a down move that resulted in a break of structure. And this is going to be a flip zone as well. And the reason for that is that we had demand probably somewhere in this wick if we wanted to get this candle. But I would say in this wick, because we came up, you broke some internal structure on lower timeframes, not on the daily, but you came up, it was enough demand to push you back into this supply right here.
the inside bar we know the inside bar gives us a nice perception of a range on a lower time frame so this daily inside bar that could be a four hour price swing or a 15 minute price swing so where is supply and demand created
in ranges. Why does price expand? Simply because the inefficiency between supply and demand has outweighed one or the other. For instance, if there are no orders in an area, price is going to move to where there are or vice versa with buys. So we know this demand pushed us back up in here and then price came down, reacted to the demand, pulled back a little bit. We have another inside bar. We know there's a range here. Price pushed up and then blasted through it. So we know that this zone right here
is going to be a pretty strong zone. Now, every zone can get broken, right? We know that. We know that. But looking at this zone, we know that that's a daily flip zone. So it's not at a premium, so it's not really priced well, but something to keep an eye out for. We had refined it before. I'll go ahead and refine it again. I don't know where it was. But looking at this four hour, I actually said and played a bit in crypto chat. I know that Glacier said he thought the same. He had bought some actually. I didn't.
grab any equity here, but I was looking at alts and Solana to me looked better than most crypto in general. I just look at the majors. I don't look at anything else at this point. But the reason I said that is we came to that weekly demand. You saw four hour internal structure taken out once and then taken out twice right here. Price came back down to that newly introduced demand.
sponsored that internal break of structure. Then what happened after that? Whenever it returned, we saw the same thing. We saw that demand respected. How do we know it's respected? Well, we got another internal break of structure. Really, it was right there. You're going to be aggressive because we look at this candle, what happened after it? It made a new low. We broke above right there. Or even if you were conservative with it or you don't use inside bars, which I think you should. But if you don't,
Let's see, right here would have been your high. So you broke it right there. So that demand was respected and new demand was created. So once that happens, I actually have an alert here set and here. But once that happens, we know that these are pretty good POIs because if you follow the power of three or any of that stuff, we have a higher timeframe POI price respects it. When we say respects it, that means that new demand is introduced within this zone. So once that occurs, we know that big players are stepping in.
or maybe old orders are getting filled here and fit enough volume to break structure. So, you know, how do we, and again, we'll go back to using change of character for internal structure or for pullbacks. So, you know, when we look at this price swing right here, you know, our old price range was pretty crazy as with all crypto.
i mean it's not cooperating here but with all crypto you know we got this break of structure right there you know there was our closure okay so then where did the next break of structure occur
right there so what's the highest point between those two lows or between these two lows right here and then here's where we started to push away the daily low the weekly low and the four hour low are all in the same place one thing i don't like when this is happening um that's engineering a shitload of liquidity down there you know because these are all very important time frames and if the low is at the same point you know not always of course every trend comes to an end but um
there's going to be a lot of stop-loss orders built up, a lot of sell stops there. So when we look over here, we know that we've got this price swing range right here. So we can use that four-hour change of character right here to identify when that pullback's beginning, and look how well that worked there. It came up, and we're pushing up. We are coming up into this optimal trade area entry and into a supply zone. If I'm looking at this, I almost think we'll raid this high.
and fill this little imbalance up here. That's being pretty conservative. That would be ideal. That would be a good short POI because we look, that's where displacement started. That's where the sell-off that ended up breaking through the old four-hour week low really began. We had a little flip zone here. Obviously, that failed. But theoretically, you draw the whole zone right here. We already tapped into it. So one of two scenarios I see here, price rates this high.
pushes up into this area. And then if you start to see the 15-minute start to shift bearish internally, that's where I'd start to look for shorts. Or right here was that, because if I'm not mistaken, you probably saw it over here. We can go to that lower timeframe. Okay, when did we initially see that bearish shift right there? So what happened? Price blasted under it, came back up into that institutional candle, which is the supply that pushed us down.
then broke structure again seems like it came into that flip zone right there
Respected it. Now price is coming back up here. You know, I shouldn't say two scenarios. There's always this scenario that price just completely catapults and breaks through all this and we're bullish again. You never know. And for those of you who kind of get confused sometimes when I say, you know, I'm bearish, but we've been pumping for four days. Well, you know, does that mean I wouldn't take longs during that? Definitely not. But until the four hour swing structure is bullish, I don't see a reason.
to be bullish macro you know you could be bullish on the you know your immediate bias but you know because of these changes of character here but as far as being like bullish like you know salon is at the bottom i don't really want to say that until i get you know at least a four hour break of structure on the swing level and that means a closure above this level which is 45 bucks well 44.99 if you want to get specific um
Somebody asked, do you look for anything else before entering a trade for an alt? Like, do you have to see it outperform ETH, for instance? No, but right now I'm not even trading alts. I'm just watching Bitcoin and Ethereum. And the reason for that is we've seen an immense drop in the market cap for crypto. Let's just look at total. So, you know, we've seen we're at less than a trillion dollars.
some of the indices and stocks you know they're north of you know 10 15 trillion dollars so whenever you look at this it's a very minuscule amount of money relative to other financial markets and the concepts we use to trade and read price action are based upon trying to follow large money so if there's only 907 billion dollars in all of crypto and that's split up between you know however many thousands of crypto but in reality you know probably uh the top 50 hold
you know 80 to 90 percent of this valuation i'm not really interested in stuff with a super low market cap it's uh it's just not for me right now i'd rather just trade bitcoin ethereum so to answer the question if i was trading alts it doesn't have to outperform ethereum um you know it could just have good price action but i'm not trading alts right now because
You'll see your position get stopped out due to Bitcoin or Ethereum tanking going to its POI and its optimal entry and violating your TA. And it's, you know, really, you just got to charge it to the game if you're trying to trade alts. I really don't see, you know, reason to look at much other than the majors. But, you know, whatever floats your boat. I'm not saying there's anything wrong with doing that. It's just my personal style right now. Oh, yeah, we're on Solana. So I don't want to get you off that one.
listen what am i expecting to happen oh it went away hold on we got a crypto chat
Where is it? That was the first one. What am I expecting to happen tomorrow with the closure of crypto options? I'm not really going to expect what happens, but I'm going to react to it from the sidelines. I'm not really going to open many new trades between now and then. I'm actually going to look at it kind of like an experimental perspective because I think that it could incite a lot of volatility. It's like options.
But when I say it's like options, I mean, in the stock market, it's obviously options. But yeah, I'm not really predicting or expecting anything but volatility. Now, wherever that goes, you know, I'll kind of ride the wave if I choose to. But I'm not going to I don't like expecting or predicting.
But back to Solana. Again, really where we're at, bearish in the four hour. You came into the four hour supply here, got a bearish reaction. You changed from a bullish internal structure and swing structure to bearish here. The swing structure seems to have changed bullish here. Yeah, I would say right there went bearish. So then you had, you changed bullish on the 15 minute, you know, so.
you know, write immediate bias, you may go more up until this changes.
But overall, I missed the train. I didn't really catch into it. But there were nice zones to bid Solana, preferably down here and here in these two areas. But I'll watch price as it returns to these levels. But if we start to push down like that again, I'm not really interested in taking longs because you have to be aware of what the higher time frame is telling you.
for me okay the four hour if it starts to change character especially in these zones you know it did already once but now it's switched bullish again for whatever reason but if we're bearish in the internal structure the four hour we're bearish in the swing structure personally i'm not really going to look for longs because until we switch bullish like we did just here you know it's kind of counterintuitive for me and it's also counterintuitive for me to look for longs if we're in a premium of a bearish price swing so you know
I probably won't trade it, but if anything, I would be looking for confirmation entry on shorts here. They gave a trade over here, probably took some profits and got breakeven. It's been a nice risk to reward. If you would have taken it over here, even just trading the 15-minute, you could have taken the first entry right here.
Even if you just took it to there, beautiful trade, beautiful risk reward. Six is amazing. I know a lot of people are getting jaded because some of the trades we're giving out are like 20, 30 are, but at the end of the day, four to one is great. You can make a great living off that. So kind of recap, all high timeframes are still bearish, but we are in a zone where I could see a reversal for some relief.
But I won't be really convinced of that until we break structure in the four hour. Until then, I have to remain bearish because that's my edge in the market is that until the four hour is bullish, I'm not bullish, you know, from a macro perspective.
let's look at bitcoin i want to see how it reacts to this zone up here it looks strong like honestly there's a lot of volume coming into bitcoin here it's weird because it's after hours so that kind of tells me it's like crypto whales not really institutions as much that are trying to push the price of bitcoin up maybe it's hedge funds whatever it is but if we start to break down here this will just look like one fat risk redistribution schematic to me um that's not really confirmed just yet but like for instance if you come down and take out
I mean, really at this point, this is your internal low right there. Kind of play it as it goes. That TP we had hit fucking perfectly. Those equal lows got tagged and you saw enough liquidity removed from the market for it to have some relief. So we really didn't see any relief for like the first, I don't even know how many percent.
dropped about 8% without much actual relief. But when I'm looking at this, you know, until we break above really our stop loss, you know, at this point we've made great gains off this play, you know, 20 are, you can't really can't beat that. I mean, well, 46 would be, but you know, at the end of the day, until we really break above and really not even this, but really this high up here, or, you know, that's whenever I would look at this as more of an accumulation because, you know,
All we have whenever we're looking at redistribution is just accumulation into distribution. So here, you guys know I'm not a huge Wyckoff guy. I don't really use it until it's confirmed because I think it's personal. I think it's a little too speculatory for me. But just looking at this pattern, just making an observation, it reminds me of...
Bitcoin back in like April and I see if I can put a fractal here It's gonna be way farther up something like this over here bear with me for a second Something like that is what it reminds me of
You know, it's a little drug out here. We're on a 15 minute compared to a one hour, but you can see a similar price. Actually, the supply, everybody kind of got bullish. And I mean, I'm not saying this is going to happen here, but, you know, looks pretty similar to me. You have that initial three tap liquidity rate, rated some old equal lows. Price pushes back. You know, we're bearish on the higher timeframes. Price pushes back up into these supply zones and then starts to really move to the downside.
So, you know, that's until we start to break above. That's kind of what I'm seeing. But I'm not going to use that to speculate that that's going to happen. Because I don't like I said, that's the thing about Wyckoff that I don't like. I think it leads to a lot of speculation and a lot of like what ifs and like staring at the chart and like seeing what's going to happen. But I like to just wait till something happens. I want to see what it looks like on the 15 minute.
i'm just more or less curious at this point but it looks strong but i mean so do most schematics like this until they dump it seems like the time is going to be off for it to try to like play into it when i see the um similarities you have that kind of like that arch like that big leg up in price price pushes up in that supply zone could even be this zone who knows or we could go back up and start to move bullish again because at the end of the day the four hour is still bearish on bitcoin for me you know here swing right there
And, you know, while this is an optimal trade entry, there's still a gap up here. You know, there's another area, a lot of supply that may need to get filled or who knows, maybe Bitcoin's doing the same thing a lot of these alts are doing, reacting to that four hour, or I'm sorry, that higher timeframe demand. You know, also looking at it from kind of like a, I guess, seasonality perspective, you know, you did hit those 2018 or 17, 2018 all-time highs. And then...
kind of reverse there i don't really use stuff like that but i uh i see you know the demand at that level not because of that just because of the weekly
candle like that's not really the greatest demand zone so i don't know you know if you ask me i know i sound crazy um but if everything remains bearish you know the value area for bitcoin for me would be down here i'd call me crazy but i'm not saying we're going there and don't be like oh kaiser said we're going to 12k but i am saying that you know i would see a lot of value in that area more so than here but i wouldn't be surprised to pump here i would not be surprised at all so um somebody said avex
AVAX chart. Let me just go back out to that weekly. I haven't looked at AVAX in a while. Like I said, I'm not really doing much TA and alts. So AVAX tapped into this zone. Oh, it did hit that zone. I didn't even realize AVAX got that cheap. I haven't even been paying attention. I keep saying AVAX is $12. It already hit $13. Well, I was looking for AVAX to come into this zone. So it came into there. I wanted $13, but it came into...
14 bucks weekly demand. The four hour, this four hours looks pretty good compared to most crypto. You know, you came up into this zone right here, this institutional candle. You kind of batted off of it, gave some nice opportunities for shorts, but yeah, refine that, I guess, to something smaller.
right here last can up candle before the down move um actually went above that so i guess i wanted some supply up in that wick hey the original zone was good they came up in this zone and you saw that bearish switch right here
You had a high because this candle produced a new high compared to the candle before it. So you switch the downside. That's where you started to see that change of character in that four hour supply zone. Price pushed down pretty hard. Then you look over here and you're in this zone. It looks like right here. So it's kind of a decisional point. You know, here's a great point I want to make. So a lot of people, they have this zone here, right? Like they drew this over here and they missed out on this trade. So now they're like.
dead set on this zone. They're just going to short from it. But the logic they used to find this zone was that internal switch to where the 15 minutes gave us signs of weakness. And then they wait until it comes all the way over here and then just set a limit, thinking they're using a confirmation entry when in reality, they're using a risk entry because what is the 15 minute when we tap into this zone? It's bullish.
It did get a bearish switch right here, but it does not seem to want to respect that it came back up and switched bullish almost immediately.
You know, at this point, because you've pushed all the way back up into the zone. It's a 15-minute zone. It's not going to be the craziest, strongest area. On the four-hour, you probably got a zone here, too. It sponsored, you know, really not much. This would have been the stronger zone, if anything. And even then, not really, because you broke that internal structure, the downside. But, you know...
Where you're at now, it looks fairly strong. If you start to break above this level and close above it on a four-hour, that would lead me to want to look for longs. Where from? Probably somewhere down in this zone right here. I like this candle. It's an institutional candle. Also under equal lows right here. Relatively equal. Mark that. I like that as POI right there. You could go on a 15-minute and refine it and change the color of it.
Shit, wrong one. So you could refine it. Maybe I still like the zone. That's why I like institutional candles. They'll show you, you know, in the higher time frames, what you need to be looking for in the lower time frame. So personally, I like that zone. I wouldn't be dead set on it. You know, you could watch POIs depending on, you know, if this expands and we get a break above here, well, then you have a new price leg and, you know, you'd be moving this fib.
if it wants to cooperate you'd be moving this fib up to wherever it was and maybe now you have other pois in a premium and that's you know we can't really predict that until it happens but um that's what you'd have to wait for something else that's what he said i know that's some bot on twitch the um let's see there's something else i want to i'll just take a look at eat let's look at it real quick
So ETH came down. This is, I think, our weekly demand zone as well. Probably the strongest zone here, but it did sweep some liquidity. And also this candle right here swept the previous candle's liquidity. And on a higher time frame, that does matter to me. It's a sweep zone. So decent zone. But the thing is, we broke through it.
you know, almost closed a candle. I mean, I probably technically closed a four hour candle under it, barely. But, you know, with the lower market caps now, you're not going to see price action respected as much. So you kind of got to take a little bit of stuff like that right there with a grain of salt. So I wouldn't say the zone's completely violated, but I wouldn't give it as much attention as I would had that not happened. Still bearish on the four hour here.
The thing that I'm noticing here is you're getting a lot of liquidity rates. And when I say about that, I mean, you come up above these areas on a high timeframe. And then, you know, while it is a bullish internal break of structure, you're starting to, you know, you push up into it and then you can't close. You push up into it, you can't close. Now, that's just something to keep in mind. It's not going to really make me take a trade off of that, but just something to keep in mind. Also, it looks like you're starting to form.
liquidity up above this area, which is between current price and a four-hour institutional candle. So personally, where we're at with Ethereum, I wouldn't really be trading it because I'm not going to look to go long in this zone because we're above 50% and a bear market on the four-hour. So personally, that's just kind of against my strategy. There's probably longs to be had here, but I would wait for a price to return up into this zone, or you could watch it in this candle because at the end of the day,
We had price push up into the original, you know, if we don't refine it to an institutional candle, you had price push up into this zone and then you saw an internal break of structure start from this supply. So theoretically, you know, that could be a point of interest for you.
Because, you know, price came up in the supply, respected it, introduced new supply. You can go in the 15 minute to refine these areas. And I see a very clear couple areas within this zone. This being one of them, it looks like that's already been broken. That wouldn't be the highest point of interest. I mean, maybe, you know, you didn't really close above it. So again, with the lower market caps now, you're going to see a lot of kind of, I guess.
uh weird price sloppy price action you also have this right here and what i'm using to select these zones is just we have this uh fair value gap it's the same way we got those bitcoin shorts liquidity under it you know we have this engineered liquidity right there you came up and just ran it so you bring the liquidity but you didn't really come up and fill in this fair value gap or come up into this institutional candle and this is really where the selling this is your flip zone because if you look
And this initial four hour supply price broke structure right there. It really didn't even come back up. I was going to say, you know, if you have this as your new supply that caused that internal break of structure.
You know, it didn't tap into it on perps. Maybe it did somewhere else. Actually, I see what happened probably because your break of structure was actually right here on this candle. And then you can see this candle did push back up into that area. So, you know, whatever demand really caused that, you know, we had demand down in this area and then this candle pushed through that demand. So it would make it a stronger zone for me because it's a flip zone. It's the second sign of weakness within a higher timeframe POI. We have displacement in front of it. We've got liquidity front running the zone.
Personally, I'd like that zone would be the ideal area to short from. I'm not really going to chase the short if it does come up there. It's a totally cool setup if price comes up into it. And then the 15 minute shifts bearish, you know, break of structure, the downside on the internal structure. And then, you know, the price returns into it. One minute break of structure in the internal. That's, you know, the criteria I have for that. But I'm not going to really to chase it because.
You know, we already ate fucking amazingly off these Bitcoin shorts. If I hit my daily or my, I'm sorry, if I hit my weekly goal, I mean, shit, we kind of hit a bigger than a weekly goal. But if we hit a big goal like that, you know, early in the week, I'm not going to just force it and trade through the whole week. I might take some Forex trades on the FTMO trial thing, but I'm not going to, I'm not going to, you know, force trades and just continuously like.
force myself to continue trading. The idea of it is to just make your money, get out, go learn. If you got to do something to do with trading, go learn, go study, go do whatever the hell you want to do. Get outside. I don't know. But don't just continuously trade if you have already hit your weekly goal. It's just kind of counterintuitive because you're going out and risking.
giving that money back. And then now you're in the mentality where you're under your weekly goal and you're trading different. It's just, it's not, it's not my style to go out there and chase it when we've already got it, but it is a good setup. So. Do I even want to?
max pain here look at that oh my gosh and i wanted to take i didn't want to take it that far i want to take it a little farther that would have been a 23 to one and then gold is setting up for shorts too
Fuck, man. I got like eight plays that we can play. Little. You're coming in and make me degen or something, right? When I was like, I've hit my weekly goal. I'm done training. You're like, yo, check this shit. Yeah, it's moving, bro. We got gold about to break. Euro USD looking like a fat short on the one hour because it has liquidity below. Created equal highs. Oh, my God. There it goes. A-U-D-J-P-Y is tanking now.
I'm in the four hour. But yeah, dude, I mean, I think a lot of any pairs really against the yen are going to be prime for some shorts here soon. Well, right now is actually a bad time short against the yen because of what the central bank did. Well, they keep buying bonds with yen and other countries are moving money into the yen, but then spending it. It's actually worse because you'd think, oh, that's going to pump the yen. But like if say if, you know, the Swiss bank comes in and.
exchanges, this is literally what we're looking at as a foreign exchange market. If it exchanges its currency for the yen, but then blows all of the yen into Japanese bonds, which that's why bonds have been flying lately, then that actually will devaluate the yen temporarily because that money is leaving. It's coming in their economy and then immediately leaving into a different asset. It's just like DXY. Whenever stocks and crypto is pumping, DXY usually is falling because value is leaving.
that asset. They did a monetary policy change in Japan, which is what's pumping the JPY. I think they have inflation, right? Tonight? Yeah. We had PMI numbers and we have bank stress right now after hours, so it's not really a good time to trade. Oh yeah, it's a bunch of shit. They have a bunch of news right now. Everything against the yen besides the Aussie went up.
against the yen the yen got stronger against except for the aussie oh i didn't even see that i'm just now looking at the euro news today i haven't been euro fucking everything was worse pmi was everything was worse than expected by a lot holy shit and that's putting pressure on the swiss right now bro yeah homies they're the ones with the money everything's so much worse for like like jobless claims in the united states four-week average
The consensus was $215K. It's fucking $223,000. Bro, that's why I've been calling shorts on the stock market for like three and a half months. And I put my P&Ls up today so people can see how it was short. On my shorts, I spent $2,000 and I made $20,000. Yeah, Apple was going crazy. I know you've gotten that one in a good time. Meanwhile, everybody's sitting there. Like you said, everybody's sitting there intraday scalping. And I just took a longer position with a good outlook, sat back.
you know saw people lose money make money and get stressed and i was just chilling because i hit my goal my goal was my puts start accelerating and you know i have a year out on all of my puts right 200 percent deep in the puts you know that's beautiful bro that's a that's a great move it was all smart money
Literally. I started paying attention to Japan and what was happening over there after I saw a few headlines and I was like, oh my God, this is terrible. Oh my God. And then there, I don't know if you saw that I put up a chart of their...
They're dead, bro. They're dead. Oh my god, they're dead. They're 259% their GDP in debt. Money's not even real anymore to a lot of countries. It's fucking insane, bro. It's just like, who has your back and how much... Does the United States have your back? Okay. Your NATO? Okay, bro. Money's not real anymore. Just let us put military bases in your country. Yeah, the only reason why it's not affecting their...
their currency is because of what they did in the nineties. They actually decoupled their currency from monetary policy. So the monetary policy wouldn't affect the currency. And that's the only reason why they're strong. That's the only reason they don't have money to back it up. They don't have anything. It's just their specific laws that investors love that help them stay up that strong. So, you know, you know what to do. You know what we do.
100%. I don't care. On my FTMO thing, I closed my shorts earlier because I didn't want that drawback because that short was up. I was cutting and I took those Aussie yen shorts and then also I took the stock market plays today, but it was before the cutoff time. At the reset time, I had to snag a bunch of the profits off the Bitcoin short just because I was like...
I'm not going to fail a challenge over hodling the fucking... Because that's a drawback, bro. Anybody who's thinking about getting an FTMO or any kind of funded account, just be aware. That shit is predatory as fuck. And there's a game to play. And they shunned me away. They're like, yeah, yeah. I'm like, oh, yeah, yeah. One day you're going to wake up and be negative 50k and start crying. For anyone listening that's thinking about getting funded, one of the biggest fuck-ups people have is like...
For instance, let's just say you have a 200K port and then you have a position that you're, you know, maybe you're on a swing account or maybe you're trading through the week and say you're up 25K or let's just say 20K on that position. So now your equity is 220K. Well, remember, your account has a 10% drawdown or 5% drawdown in a single day rule. So for instance, now if you...
if it resets you know and you're up to your balance is 220k
Well, now you can't lose 5% of $220K, even in that counts with your floating and unrealized P&L. So say your position that's up goes from up $220K – I'm sorry, up $20K to only up $5K. Well, you just lost your account, even though you really lost no money. That's like the system they have to kind of – there's a reason they do this shit because people are like, there's no way that can be real. Why would they do that and let you trade with their money and risk their money? It's like, bro, because –
90% of their profit is coming from, well, I wouldn't know about that much, but a lot of their profit is coming from people either just flat out failing the test or running up a bag on their month and then they get one violation and they kick you out and now all that bread's there. So there's a reason that prop firms exist and it's to be predatory. That's the biggest reason why people lose their accounts. It's a statistic. My Forex book or whatever.
They released a statement where it says that only three of all of their traders that have gotten a payout above 40 grand kept their account month after month. Only three people. What? Three. It's not even a percentage. Three people. Because the main reason was, like you just said, they fucked up psychologically. They thought that they were going to be able to do that month after month.
They left the position open, and they forgot that, like you said, 220, 5%, they got fucked. Done. Yeah, exactly. Even though they weren't profit. Bro, like I was explaining to somebody today, I was like, really the goal is literally to just, if you hit your fucking balance, or if you hit your goal, bro, don't be greedy. Take everything right there.
Or at least like 90%, like take it and then put your stop loss to what, you know, and then just be done. And if you really want to keep fucking trading, go get another funded account. You know, do MFF and FTMO. You know what I mean? Like, and then Jesus Christ, if you have 500K in funding and, you know, you're making 40 grand a month and that's not good enough for you, well then take the 40 grand and go fucking start another account and stop being a DJ, you know? Yeah, even FTMO released their leaderboards and their top trader.
That's been trading with them for a long ass time. He, he has a $400,000 funded account and he made a hundred, 130 K in a month. Yeah. That's, but that's not month over month. And granted he has 400 band. Yeah. You know, 400 bands. I can make 20% of the account, 400 bands, 10% of the account. That's not hard. Yeah. You make 400 bands.
Literally, okay, for instance, yesterday when we were in the other thing, we were trading this trade. We're looking on the fucking screen. That trade, that's 7% of the account automatically. So then this morning, I woke up and traded Nas and ES on a little ICT raid setup during the testimony and after PPM. And it was like, right there, bro, that's your monthly goal. It was 17K total, but it's very close to your monthly goal. And it's like, bro.
just be done you know what i mean like at that point just close it be done and then you know
If that's not enough, I mean, fuck, bro. You know what I mean? Go use the bread and go get another funded account. It's like, damn, bro. This should be enough because nobody starting those accounts is already making that much money. Exactly. They wouldn't be up all the time. They wouldn't have, they wouldn't be. Yeah, that's the thing. And like somebody else I was talking to, they were like, why the fuck would you get a fund? I got my own bread, bro. It's like, okay, like me too. But like, if I'm going to go buy a whip or buy a house, am I going to just use all my bread?
Probably not, you know, unless there's some kind of circumstantial reasoning that makes sense, which oftentimes there's not. So it's like, you know, OPM or other people's money is, you know, going to be your best friend if you're trying to be, you know, have your hand in different pots. Because the whole idea for me personally, at least with trading, because trading is one of the most scalable businesses that you can start. You know, it is a business like you got to look at like that. And if you can scale your trading business.
you know, with other people's money and you're still making profits, you can take those profits, maybe put them into real estate, put them into whatever business you do, you know, diversify yourself all while not having to, because right now, bro, like for instance, if I pulled all the money I had out from like trading and, you know, investments as far as crypto and actually like day trading goes and just had, you know, all my money, everything I was doing was funded, bro, that's automatically new ventures for me instantly.
You know what I mean? So it's like no brainer for me to do that.
But the thing is, you've got to be very mindful of all the stipulations. Not to mention the press. Yeah, that's the thing. I will say, though, I thought that the news aspect was going to be harder. For instance, dude, on FTMO today, unless they just didn't post it or I looked too late, you didn't even have to not trade through any of the news for the US dollar today. I think it's mainly NFPs.
and actual FOMC and interest rate hikes. Because today, they released some pretty high-impact news. The PPI and the PPM or whatever. I think I said it wrong. I can't remember. Euro is PPM, I think. Or whatever it is, yeah.
you know those are that's pretty high impact news um you know at least to most markets i mean you'd think anything denominated by the dollar would be off limits but they didn't have marked on their calendar and i was kind of like well fuck like what do they have marked you know and mainly i've traded through fomp before i fucking killed it and they didn't say anything is eligible for that because i made my account like two three years right came up right so
My accounts, my accounts dated from before they had like different types of accounts. So I don't know now, like my specific type of account can, you know, trade through those news. But like you said, I'm used to no PMI, no FOMC, no, like they put like a bunch of bullshit on there, but I guess it's different now, right?
Yeah, because like they didn't even have today marked unless it was like I didn't now given I didn't look at it till like eight this morning, which was literally like an hour or an hour and a half before some is an hour and a half to two hours before all that news came out. And it was kind of like, you know, you'd think they'd have it then. But who knows? Maybe they I'm sure they do some predatory shit. It's like they don't put it the day over. I don't know. Maybe not. But I know they just widen the spread.
Yeah, something. Did you check that? If your spreads were, like, extra wide? They weren't. My spreads were nothing. Today was the first day I traded indices on that account, and they were, like, nothing, bro. It was, like, three pips. Indices spreads are pretty good. It's, like, three pips, bro. Like, the fuck? I was like, bro, you will get fucked more, like, on a market fill on Binance than three pips. Yep. You know what I mean? So, I was like, I'm totally cool with that. I'm actually thinking about being an MMF account, so when I reach my goal, I can continue trading.
Have you seen the fucking Accelerated program? No, I haven't. I didn't read it. Somebody told me today that they were...
uh looking into it and apparently there's one program like i'm gonna look at this because i don't want to say it wrong but i think it was like you put a five grand deposit and you get like up to two million dollars but it's over time or some let's just look but i was like what the fuck oh well i know that ftmo after a while that will actually fund you for a million to two million dollars oh they will i didn't even know that i knew that they will um
They'll scale you. It's after three months. It's 25% scale up every three months. Yeah, if you're good, they'll give you two, three million. Like, you won't even go on their leaderboards. You become, like, an employee of FTMO. Oh, here. I guess this is the same thing I see now. It says, you know, you grow your funds all the way up to max two million USD with our scaling. So, I guess it's the scaling. See, I don't know, man. I'm kind of, like, I'm in between, bro, because I see the benefits for FTMO.
and i do see the benefits for uh what i've been doing is i have a small port bro i'm doing what my boy tyler did so my boy tyler he he was tired of people selling courses so what he ended up doing was he created a challenge account with 50 scaled it to 10 grand a month trading for it and then from there nuts um like he has an ftmo account and i was telling uh flow this in the chat earlier that um
The way that it works with them is he has his FTMO account and then he had his regular account. He was taking the same trades on the regular account until his regular account got built up to 100k and then he stopped using the FTMO. That's pretty crazy. You can't take advantage of any of the tax taxes if you're with FTMO. You can't say you're a full-time trader. You can't be TTS. The thing is though, from what I...
I can see, unless you're TTS, which it is not always easy to get TTS, even if you meet the criteria, they'll reject you a lot of the time. There are some benefits to being a funded trader. At the end of the day, if you can get TTS, obviously that's kind of a better move.
what is this sorry i guess kind of caught my 50% fuck that but um uh the uh the tax benefits if you can get tts you know outweigh it but so this shit right here this is like this seems super predator i guarantee it is because it's like sounds so good it's like weekly payouts you don't have to have time like you don't have to trade like you don't have to have like minimum trading days you have no loss size limits um yes you don't have to have the minimum trading that's a big one because like bro like
I mean, if I didn't have to trade 10 days a month, I'm not going to. And I wonder if you can, like, hack those. Like, surely they're wise to, like, for instance, on FTMO, you have to have 10 trading days. You know, think about if you hit it in one day. Surely they're wise to where if you just, like, opened a fucking micro lot or a nano lot and then just fucking, you know, closed it the same day, like, they'd be wise. I don't know. Maybe, I mean, that'd be a really easy way to cheat that system. Like, what? I was trading, dude.
Just opened up 0.01 and closed it 20 minutes later. But I would say Bitcoin is starting to see the beginning of signs of weakness, but I wouldn't really pay this too much mind yet. I really want to see the 15-minute switch bearish here.
for me to say that this zone is really that valid. And I know some of you guys are watching, like, well, this is a 15-minute zone. Wouldn't you use the one-minute switching bullish? The only way I'd do that is if the 15-minute's bearish as well, because I want the timeframes, you know, when I say bearish, I mean on the internal level. Like, I want the 15-minute to go bearish, and then that's, you know, whatever causes that is going to create some supply, and price usually will push right back into it. Then you look for the one-minute to go bearish.
That's, that's the better way to do it in my opinion, you know, not financial advice, but that's, that's the better way to do it. Cause like I've went like using like a 15 minute POI that's like, say for instance, like if your POI is like up here and then, you know, price was doing like this number, like say you have a flip zone right here and then like price does this, it's like,
like just using a one minute change of character in here, like say, you know, probably the 15 minutes reached here and the one minute does this number, you know, you got that change of character. Well, to me, you know, you're one minute switching bullish, but look, you're 15 minute, you know, wherever your internal low is, maybe it's here or wherever the hell it is. If that doesn't break, well, then you're just like kind of counterintuitive because yes, you're using a higher timeframe POI, but.
Your probabilities cut down immensely if the 15-minute internal structure is bullish.
In my experience, that's kind of a little hack that will refine your win rate. Because, you know, trading with the, you know, trying to get high R, a lot of times you'll decrease your win rate. But, you know, there's that relationship between your average P&L and then your win rate, which determines how profitable you are. You know, for instance, if your average, you know, risk to reward is 10. Okay, well, you can, you know, have a 40 to 50% win rate and be extremely profitable.
you know, compared to, you know, okay, I have an 80% win rate, but my average risk reward is two. Well, you know, oh yeah, you could say you have an 80% win rate, but you know, are you really making money? You know, that's kind of, I swear people forget.
I know it sounds crazy, but so many people forget the purpose of this shit is to make good money. You're not going to make good money with 2R trades. People love to take trades that look like, for instance, if you have a trade that's like this, somebody would love to catch the Bitcoin bottom or whatever. If they caught the bottom and then it runs, let's say it runs 20%.
And then, but your stop loss was also 10%. I think it looks really cool when you're posting a P&L slip or whatever, but it's like, you know, how much money do you really make? Unless you're just a DJ and you're just throwing a shitload of money in the trade and risking a lot, you know, people, but people love that shit. People love percent. People are in love with having, catching the bottom and having the biggest percent. Oh, I got 10, you know, it's just like, it's kind of counterintuitive to actually making money.
I'm interested. I'm kind of studying this price action here because if we start to break down, you know, if you get like one break up here, one break of structure, and then you can flip that newly introduced demand, whatever kind of pivots you away after that. If we get that and you break that, that would be like some pretty classic redistribution to me here.
So that's why I kind of use Wyckoff and like observe it. And like, I think it's interesting, but I don't really use it as much in my trading plan without confirmation, you know, with my trading plan, because I think it can lead like new people who know how to do it, you know, and use it properly, you know, go for it. But a lot of people learn Wyckoff and they do this. They're like, okay, this looks like Wyckoff. Like I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to look at Wyckoff.
And I'm going to say, you know, okay.
okay, does this look like Wyckoff? It's like, oh, it looks like Wyckoff. I'm shorting. Like that to me is like a huge, like it's a super dangerous mentality because like, you know, just like that's speculatory. And I think that a good trading plan, you know, you got to be mechanical. So maybe like you enter on the LPSY. That makes sense to me. That kind of shit makes sense. You know what I'm saying? But like when people just look at something, they're like, this looks like this. I'm shorting. That kind of, I'm like, fuck, man. Like you're super confident in that shit.
But on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. Enjoy your night. If you've got any questions at all, tweet me, message me, at me, whatever the hell, however you get through to me, I'll get back as quick as possible. And yeah, we'll pick it up tomorrow night and see if we have any new price action to go through. Appreciate you guys coming through as always, and I will see you then. Peace.
