That's good. So for those of you in Playbit, I guess the sentiment that I posted on Monday is kind of playing out. It just took a little bit. We definitely saw some relief bounce here. We came under those old equal lows in the daily and then started to come up and test more of this supply. Hold on. I said can't see stream. Still. Is it still like that? Oh, shit. There we go. All right. Are we good now?
i'm assuming yes no maybe so all right i guess yes since nobody said anything so um we did come down and clear out these equal lows and then also see the one thing about um where we're at with bitcoin which i've just been doing some like macro ta if we look the last time we we had this huge we had a rally base rally and that we found demand here
And you can see what happened there. And this play out exactly as expected. You used internal range liquidity because here was your external highs and lows. Came down and didn't bounce right off of it, but you did see a reversal within that demand. And then we did exactly as what you think. We targeted the external range, made new all-time highs.
There was a lot of confirmation that went on down here. It wasn't just like, oh, we came to this demand, we're making all-time highs. So you can't play it like that. But just looking back...
So that's how that played out. Like I said, we did have confirmation that we haven't necessarily got all the way yet. Or maybe we have. This is why I've been kind of taking a second look at everything. So here we have this other weekly demand right down here from July of 2021. And we came down and wicked off of it pretty nice. On the daily, we...
You know, I guess you could kind of say we had a little bit of a change of character here. Really right there when we closed. Because on the high time frames, you want a closure. I mean, I guess you could consider this. Regardless, the target would have been to come back down to this demand. And we did. We haven't made a lower low since. We haven't broke down from this candle over here, this demand candle or order block, whatever you want to call it. And we came back up.
Fell into this supply and that's where he caught those shorts from and I will say when you draw a fib on everything I'm gonna do like this I'm using these highs over a 52k over here as the range highs
You could look at it like redistribution because as soon as we come into premium, we're starting to get sold off. And then we kind of made this last liquidity right up to the supply and heavy displacement from it. So that tells me that we weren't really bullish at this point. Now we did leave this demand candle back here and these equal lows. Liquidity was swept right there.
this one wick right so we took out a lot of that liquidity under those equal lows also a lot of candle body closes that were kind of equal lows really all three of these so definitely swept up some liquidity and that was external range considering the current price swing we're at right now which is right
This was the price swing here to here. We swept that external range liquidity. So we do have demand here, but usually when you're using these demand candles, you don't really want to see price push under the low if you're going to be using that as a bias. So for instance, back over here, we never really swept under this low and got a closure or anything crazy. I think it might have went like a couple dollars. Actually, I don't think it did.
But actually it did. So this is where it's kind of an odd concept because you see here, you know, theoretically speak, when you're using these concepts, you don't want to see price push under the wick low of the demand candle. If you want to use that as your bias, for instance, if you're going to use internal liquidity to target external highs, you don't want to see price push under and then become X at that point are using external liquidity. So.
We haven't seen that regardless on the weekly, but on the daily, if we look over here, we did. But I think that's because in part we had these equal lows here that had to be swept. So once we've had that kind of price action, we could look for longs. And that's what we were saying on Monday in that sentiment.
We have seen Bitcoin pretty rough lately as far as just reacting to this kind of like staircase downwards of all this supply. But we have left a major supply zone unmitigated up here at like 42,000. And we also have some inefficiencies here. So when you're looking right there.
You have a high time frame inefficiency or imbalance, whatever you're going to call it. So we do have a lot of liquidity and also some equal highs here. So we have a lot of liquidity to the upside looking at this chart. Also, if you pull a fractal from... Where was it? I think I did it from over here. Holy shit, that was fucking loud. The fractal I pulled from over here...
I think it was over here. Let's see. No, no, no. I remember. It was this fractal. So you see we have this redistribution-esque price structure. So we had this almost like an arch, if you will. And then we had the low swept, which made some people think we may have been reaccumulating. Well, not re, but accumulating. And then longs up to where? Up to supply.
And then we had this heavy displacement reaction. At this time, we also had some inefficiencies here. If you look, we had, oh, sorry, wrong area. Not as big as the inefficiency we have right here, but we did have this inefficiency. Reason to go higher, so I should say. Also some equal highs here. I wouldn't really worry about that too much. But if you take this fractal, just take from this to...
here. So we'll just take all of it. So now if you take and put this on, actually this makes it a little not clear. I'm gonna do like this. So this redistribution schematic, if you will. If you take this same price action, put it on the current price action, you can see it's pretty fucking similar. Also,
the measure move, if this is correct, and it looks pretty spot on for me. So if this is the case, we could look for Bitcoin to come all the way back up to this heavy supply up here before redistributing. And that's where we would see a heavy reaction.
Also, if you're on the daily chart, delete this. This is where it gets choppy though. So with all that being said, if this was the price swing we were in, if it was all the way this right here, that would also leave us more biased to go up here because we'd be in a heavier premium before getting sold off. But when you look at Bitcoin, it's pretty choppy on the daily. So we have like a low, made our high.
New low, made our high. So this is really our high right here. It's $40,376 on perps. And then our low is obviously where we're at. So this is where it gets kind of odd. And I think we could find opportunities at either area. But I'm almost leaning more and more towards finding some really good shorts up here. Because, I mean, at this point, a ton of liquidity would have been...
swept up. If we come all the way up here, I mean, you have the fair value gaps, you have this huge order block, and it would match the fractal of the last consolidation we had with Bitcoin. It's not like that would be set in stone. Also, we have these equal highs, like I was saying. So a ton of reason to come back up into this area. There were some longs that could have been taken, like looking back, for instance, if you see, once we came under those equal lows, that could have been considered a POI.
You had your 15-minute change of character, which was right here. Wherever you draw it, I would say on the 15-minute, I use Wix. So right there, came back down to this order block in the 15-minute. And then from there...
You could have caught some longs here, but they would have kind of been early in the sense that most people would have probably sold them off as it came back down here. But if you look, Bitcoin really still didn't make a lower low here. So when we come back down here, it's the same price action. If we expand it, go to the five minute, get rid of this. We had this high and a new low, high, new low. If you look, wherever you draw it,
Came back down to this demand zone, bounced right off, and, you know, took flight from there. So now we sit at four-hour supply. And if you draw it on the current price swing on the four-hour, we are pretty heavy in premium. And you could even see this same schematic that we've had over here play out on the lower timeframes. And this really just be, you know, we just dump from here.
Kind of conflicted on it just because we have so much liquidity from up here. If we do look for shorts in this range, I wouldn't necessarily just be targeting the daily range lows. I'd be taking profits pretty aggressively. I do see the shorts here, but I would much rather get some super nice shorts from up here. On the one hour...
Think we could be looking at I mean even if we do start to retrace here You might even look to retrace to this base because what you have right here is a rally base rally So you're gonna have heavy demand and both of these candles right here. I would personally rather use this one
But when you look on the 15-minute, that was kind of, we had our base rally, came back into the base, and that's where you saw a lot of demand and pushed us up into this area. That being said, back to the one hour.
You could look at either of these candles as a demand zone. So that's why it's like the shorts, you know, you can maybe catch some, but I wouldn't just be holding onto them. I'd be taking profits pretty aggressively and also setting stops to break even pretty quickly as well. But I do see the bias for shorts here. And I also see the bias for longs looking at the daily.
You know, as we always say, we don't really try to predict, we react. So what I'm looking at right now is just maybe a change of character on the 15 minute, which we really need to make a new high before we could have any kind of nice tight price consolidation. Because right now our low is all the way down here. And I mean, that's a pretty wide range.
So ideally, let me go back to AVAX. And another thing too that kind of supports my bias, or not even my bias, but the bias of going short from this level is really the only reason that anything even pumped today was because of the dollar. So if we look at DXY,
um here see like this is getting invalidated i was trying earlier to plot out you can't really i think you can actually trade this but what i was looking for was for the price
to go under this wick where he created this fair value gap, come up and fill the inefficiency. But even then, you'd look for price to fall further. So when we're looking at the dollar and anything that's denominated by the dollar, if you see the dollar drop, you're going to see any assets that are denominated by it pump.
So that's also something to keep in mind. Now, if we were to see bullish price action on the dollar, which I don't think you're going to see right now just because the interest rate hikes were on point. If you see if the rates are expected.
And, you know, say today we're expecting the same increase that we had. Now, if it would have been lower, that would have been super bullish. If it would have been higher, that would have been bearish. But we didn't get that. We got it just as expected. So that's going to be bullish for any asset denominated by the dollar. So that would further support, if this remains bearish, that would further support Bitcoin pushing back up that higher supply up here.
and it would also match this fractal to a T. That's kind of what I'm looking at. I'm leaning more towards that as of right now. I will say a lot of alts are looking pretty rough, though. But it could just be creating more liquidity, kind of faking out. So if BNB have the same exact setup and four-hour supply...
Depending on how you draw it, I just drew this whole candle, regardless if you drew the body, this body, whatever, you've hit it. Saw a reaction to it, and you definitely have left a lot of liquidity in these huge candles. What's up? Yeah, I got you in just one second.
For sure, of course. So with BNB here, we have price moving up into this four hour supply and haven't really seen any confirmation yet. I would want a 15 minute confirmation and then a one to five minute confirmation on top of that before really entering anything. Because like I said, I could see us pushing up even farther from here.
Also with BNB, if you look, and a lot of these alts have the same setup. There's a ton of unmitigated supply with other liquidity just below. So more and more reason to go to the upside. I mean, you know, I wouldn't necessarily be longing here at all. I would much rather get a retracement. But at the same time, if you don't get that, you're going to leave a lot of liquidity down below and fair value gaps that would give more bias to short.
Because on the daily, really my bias hasn't changed. I think we're still playing out some moves. But I don't know. I mean, it's weird because they always say like kind of news follows price action when you really understand it. And it's odd that, you know, Bitcoin came to these levels where it was due to kind of have a bounce. And then right after that, interest rates are different. So, you know, it's...
or not different, I'm sorry, as expected. It's just odd how everything kind of plays together. What I will set alerts for though as well is price to return to this demand on Bitcoin and watch for longs because that'd be a rally-based rally setup. So I wouldn't set any limits there because you're kind of extended, but at the same time, I would just kind of keep an eye on that level for sure. I'll look at XRP now for you.
xrp was looking pretty bull like on the weekly um you're on weekly demand right here also if you draw on the daily daily demand in this candle so tons of demand where we're at this is really the first time price pushed to equilibrium we wicked off of it before and um you saw exactly the reaction that you'd wanted but we didn't make new highs instead we left some equal highs up above so tons of liquidity here for xrp
On top of that, if you go to the 4-hour, I was actually putting this earlier, we had a change of character with a closure. So you could look at a couple different levels here for XRP. You could look at this institutional candle here at this heavy amount of volume and then look for equilibrium of that.
And if you see, we have demand there as well. Also another institutional candle with demand on, looks like equilibrium of that. So XRP is looking stronger than most majors right now, in my opinion. I didn't actually hit equilibrium, but you could look for the same setup, right? We have this one hour demand candle here. I actually have alerts set for it already. If we get a price to return down there, signs of a reversal, I'll take longs on this as well.
One thing I want to look at was waves too. I always put wave not waves.
waves. I'm like hesitant to really want to like long this in like a crazy way. Um, what I wanted to catch earlier, um, I would, if you could see these equal lows get swept, I think that would make me feel better about really touching waves. But at the same time, this shit was literally just a fucking Ponzi that got exposed. So, um, it's, it's odd looking at it, like saying, Oh, you know, we need to fill this because, you know, will we ever see that again?
I don't know, because the only reason we ever saw that was of the Ponzi shit that was happening, and then their stablecoin completely fell. So, you know, that's a weird one. There's other fundamental factors at play, but we did react nicely to this demand, and we didn't get rejected. Like earlier, where we were shorting from, that's where I would have wanted a rejection from if this demand was to be weak. It didn't, so we got stopped out. Again, it kind of goes hand-on-hand with the dollar, but...
You know, price action is price action. So whatever the reason, it happened. Looking at it here, we have, I think it's a four-hour and one-hour supply, depending on which candles you chart, whatever. I'll actually probably leave it like that.
And we haven't really gotten a change of character yet. But if we break lows under here, I mean, you could take shorts on this and just take profits aggressively. But it's just weird right now where we're at. It's like one of those things where if you try to catch the top on everything, you might get burnt because just going back to fucking Bitcoin, man. And that's really what you got to pay attention for.
I'm really leaning towards us maybe coming back up and testing this 42,000 area. I will definitely, if I'm up, I don't know when this will hit, if this will come back down to this zone. I would like for us to kind of just accumulate into this zone, maybe see one push down here. I don't know how long we'd stay and then move to the upside. And really the more volatile that we move to the upside, the better it's going to be if we want to take shorts from up here.
like uh yeah everything i'm not gonna lie is looking nice to get to catch shorts on if it reverses but we may not even see that reversal with some of this stuff we might just see a rally based rally and uh you can get faked out really easily this is why whenever people say oh accumulation can turn into distribution
Or I'm sorry, reaccumulation can turn into distro, all this and that. Really what you're looking for is just these confirmations. And if they don't happen, then you can get faked out just trying to eyeball something and say this is distribution when it very well may be reaccumulation. Here's the hop across the creek, return to origin, and there you have it.
I would be careful shorting this supply where we're at on most of these coins just yet. We're not, especially with AVAX, because looking at this area earlier, and just because this is why we always want to use confirmation. Even then, sometimes you'll get burnt. But you always want to make sure that, what is this?
Din selling Basie for 40 ETH. That's funny. But you always want to make sure that you're getting that confirmation. You're not just aping into something because we're at high time frame supply or demand. I'm almost leaning more towards kind of a rally base rally scenario. And if not, I don't think that we'll just completely dump from here.
on anything because Bitcoin is going to control the rest of the market at this point, especially when we're in these kind of like hanging by a thread situations. If Bitcoin starts absolutely flying, you're most likely going to see everything else follow.
Believe me, I want a short, but I'd rather catch a short like this than maybe a short like this or right here. I think we're kind of like right in this area. This is where we're at if we look at the last range. Check out tether dominance. Yeah, I mean, what's it doing? It looks like it's falling. So there you have it.
But, I mean, this is also, you're going to probably go with DXY as well, loosely. I mean, let's look. I guess you can't really say it's going to go exactly, but when it drops violently, you'll probably see a drop in tether dominance because all it is is value leaving the dollar. So if value is leaving the dollar, it's probably leaving USDT as well.
As far as doing TA on this kind of stuff, it's like, you know, price action is price action, but this is really not a price. It's more of an index of USDT dominance, but that drop kind of, I mean, I don't know.
But that's why we always just wait for confirmation. We got to react and not try to predict. And that's always been, you know, a lot of people kind of forget, like, for instance, people will be like, when is Bitcoin going to be this? Or when do you expect this move to play out? And it's like, you really just, no one knows. You can't really like, oh, next Tuesday. You know what I mean? You got to wait till you get to areas where smart money once entered or exited the market and then watch price action there.
And then if it does what you want it to do, great. You get confirmation, take a trade. If it plays out, awesome. If you get stopped out, learn from it and wait for the next zone. And it's the same thing over and over again. You got to just be patient and really take the time to look through price action. Silent. But yeah, man, I mean, I know that you guys see the resemblance here between this.
Super similar, in my opinion. Because it sucks, though, because it looks like some nice opportunities to short. And we may even get them, but I think they'll be short-lived. There's AVAX and BNB that I was looking at. Because a lot of these, too, if you look at them, they're like Bitcoin. They also have supply with fair value gaps above. So, you know, it's a weird situation for a lot of these alts. Could get faked out.
Because looking at this, just this last candle, we're in supply, it's like no brainer short, right? But, you know, it's kind of like, I mean, just because there's liquidity somewhere doesn't mean it's immediately going to get swept. And you'll learn that the hard way if you try to go off of that logic. A lot of these coins are literally all doing the same thing.
Luna, I think this was a daily order block I drew, yeah. Luna, honestly, Luna looks better than a lot of coins on the higher time frames, in my opinion. These equal lows are nasty, but if you look, using this logic that, you know, if we come to demand, we get a confirmation. We're in the four hours, so we'd be looking for 15-minute confirmation, which we got right here. If you look, price came.
Above this old high because really this was the high this was a low This is all just weak eyes and lows came broke that strong high if you look at the demand that sent us there Right here or right here depending on whichever one you look at I mean I guess this one would have been even cleaner So price action did exactly as opposed to didn't make a lower low Came up and now
Whenever you have that sort of price action, I mean, if you're using the four hour for your trade and you have this, you're using internal range liquidity because really this was your price range right here on the daily. We got the daily. So you still haven't even got out of this range. So if you react to internal demand, you're going to target the highs.
You know, it's kind of, it's an iffy one. I would almost look for Luna to make new highs as long as crypto holds up. And that would also support kind of, you know, the rest of this bias that I'm kind of getting from where we're at with Bitcoin. Also more liquidity above, fair value gaps. You know, and what I could see even is like, okay, we have supply here.
Price comes up into it, kind of has some distribution vibes, fakes people out, sweeps with that liquidity, hits the final target for this price swing, and then dumps and takes out the equal lows. Because you got to remember what the high timeframe is telling you. What's the story that's going on right now? And with Luna, we came back down, mitigated demand, confirmed off of it. If I'm just looking at this chart and I'm not trying to...
uh you know go off of the rest of crypto which sometimes is work sometimes doesn't you know i would say this is going to new highs you know yeah we're in supply here and we're reacting to it but if you look we actually cleared this high not by much but we cleared it um and that's not necessarily a telltale sign that we're just gonna fly either but i don't know
He's calling it how I see it. I'm actually gonna set some alerts here as well for longs on Luna I'd see if we can get some long opportunities if price does come back down into here
I would scalp some shorts to them, but I wouldn't be looking at it like we're for sure going to clear out the lows and just hold all the way there. I would probably be trimming pretty heavily at the next demand. And that's a counter trend trade, so it's not the highest probability, but I do think you could get some good trades. For instance, if we can say, I don't know, if this is just the order block, this is all just speculation.
Not at all what I say, or I'm not saying I think this is going to happen, but say, for instance, we just came down and broke through here, came back up. I'd probably be looking for that. And that would give you a good trade opportunity because you'd be able to just use the range highs. Very nice trade opportunity. Eight to one. And then you could catch some longs from there.
So that's kind of what I'm looking at right now for most of crypto. Bitcoin, I mean, this is looking better than the rest of the market as far as this little local range we're in right now. But I don't know, once I start to see these setups, we're leaving liquidity down below, demand.
Everybody thinks it's a bull trap, and I was looking at it like that earlier, but when I look back and I say, okay, what are the high time frames telling me? Well, this looks the fucking same. Like, you see this arch? Came up, mitigates supply, clear lows. Same thing right here. Everybody thought we were just dead from this short right here. For instance, if you took this right here, look how that played out. Let's just go back and see. I'm actually curious if we maybe even got...
um nose right here and see this is why you always make sure you get confirmation so you never got it here this was your low never broke it and that's why you use that setup so you don't just blindly short on supply now if we do get confirmation i'll take shorts but um i'm not i'm gonna be taking profits pretty aggressively because it's going against the higher time frame story that i'm looking at
And in this situation where we're at here, I see even more reason than we had here to go to the upside. You see, we had, this is probably going to be an even better example. This might be even where Peel got faked out. Yeah. So for instance, right here, let's go to the 5 to it.
So right here you had you definitely could have taken some some shorts and it made sense, but you ended up getting stopped out. For instance, you know, here was and this is why I said earlier, I like to have like a tighter price consolidation where like, for instance, if we came here and made a new high and then fell, that's where you have that super coiled up price where you can get a short with a.
pretty quickly. For instance, here you had to come all the way. This was your low. That was your change of character. So what? If you tried to short from, I guess, whatever order block you want to look at, I would have probably said this one. You can see it quickly reversed on you. So that's the kind of scenario I think we're in right now.
I actually want to go back and see if we had a rally base there. Because I always, whenever you're looking at the majors, you can learn a lot just from going back and taking the time to learn. Yeah, for instance, right here. So we had this rally base. This was your base. I would just use all of these candles probably. I'm going to give it a one hour. Let's see what the one hour looks like. Probably use this bigger candle right here.
If you look, you could have caught that rally-based rally right there. And it all goes with using the higher time frame narrative. Now, would I look for that kind of play if I didn't see supply above? No, I wouldn't have looked for that. But that's how you get faked out, even when you understand liquidity, and you think you do. And it happens to everybody. For instance, oh yeah, change of character, we're in supply, I'm shorting to the range lows. Nope. Because you failed to realize that we had this demand right here.
with AVAX. That's why I'm looking at AVAX, because even if we do see that scenario, you still have a good trade. Down to this demand, whether you're in the one hour or the four hour, you've got a pretty big expected move there. But that's why I want to be picky with everything, make sure we get better setups and better risk-to-reward, because that's all it really comes down to. It doesn't matter about percent. The only thing that matters is that risk-to-reward.
BNB was looking alright too, if I'm not mistaken. I don't know, actually, the more I look at this, I would say probably this came out a shitload of volume over here. I would almost just mark this whole zone as your demand. So, depending on how high we go here, you might not really get the greatest short opportunity. That's not really great to me. 2 to 1, I'm not taking that. 88 was another one I was looking at.
I've probably looked at the weekly here. See, ADA doesn't look that great. I won't lie, just like in general. I mean, yeah, you cleared out some liquidity here, but I mean, you don't have much demand. You've still got a ton of liquidity down below on the weekly.
Really, your next demand for ADA on the weekly is down here all the way at $0.35. So I wouldn't be too, too against shorting ADA. But if you're on the daily, though, and ADA is kind of like a sleeper. It chills, and then when it moves, it fucking moves. So you have this daily supply. Fair value gap. Same setup across the board. Once you start to see that, you've also got some highs right here.
And another fair value gap. So yeah, I wouldn't be too, too eager to short much here. I mean, you could get a reversal, but don't, don't expect to hold this to like, you know, all time lows or something crazy. Um, this price action is fucking ugly.
It's really another thing, too, is identifying swing highs. A lot of people don't do it the right way. You got to have one candle. So if you're looking at a high, you got to have one candle with a lower high to the left and to the lower high to the right. So here is your swing high right there. And then here is your low that you made after it because you made a new high. Obviously, I don't know. Actually, I would say really.
This is just such ugly price. These two wicks make it odd for me. Is this higher than this one? It's 5.8. It's 5.7 now, so yeah, that wouldn't be a high. So this would still be your high. Low would be... I almost go to five minutes to kind of dissect this more. This is really the low still at this point, in my opinion. Maybe I'm being picky, but that's why it's better to have price come up here, consolidate, make that new high.
and then clear. That's what you want to see with the change of character. You don't want to see expansive moves and then you have to come all the way down here and here. That's not what you want to see. You want to come up here, kind of make this, make a new high. So this low is now your low. Bam. And that's how you're going to see the better setups. It looks like that's what we're doing with AVAX. But I think waves is another one I was looking at still as well.
So this is even pretty volatile. Waves is crazy the way it moves. So yeah, pretty interesting take on Bitcoin on us. I mean, it kind of goes with what I was saying in the sentiment is that we are due for a relief bounce. I wasn't really looking at like 42K yet, but...
I mean, fuck, man. You haven't really got that confirmation in like a four-hour. But I mean, shit, once you get the confirmation, you're literally breaking above this up here. At that point, I'll go ahead and tell you, you're going straight for this area up here, if not the highs. Another thing, too, when you're looking at, because this really, this wasn't internal anymore.
So I wouldn't look for, oh, we're bouncing here off demand. We're just using internal and we're going to 49K. I wouldn't look for that. Why? Because we broke below. This is demand, but really the POI was under these equal lows. So when you're looking at that, you use external liquidity to target internal liquidity. So in all honesty, you've already hit that target.
So is this a lot of conflicting different views you could have because and if that's confusing so we have the external equity down here these lows came down here and on this chart the swing high is This is the external liquidity up here at 40,376 and then this is your internal this supply Which we're sitting within right now, and I refined it down on thing onto it for a one hour
But so that's where it's like, you know, some of these price, these these redistribution schematics, they might start happening quicker and quicker. Friends like this, we may not come all the way up and see this like we want because price is just getting pushed down more and more. It's just this DXY is what really is.
to what to keep an eye on and for those of you who don't watch stuff like this i highly recommend that you do you need to get more in tune and watch stuff like this um you know there's no way to know this was going to happen until he talked but it's good to just keep an eye on this stuff honestly though i will say this looks like it might move like if i was looking at this you know we've got a fair value gap came down made a low
Stepped that low. So ran the stops. Also tapped into hourly demand. We're under equal lows. We have a fair value gap ahead with supply above. So I could see a push up. That would maybe give us that reaction we want to see if you're looking to go short for some of these coins. Especially like AVAX because it's, you know, AVAX and Waves. And Zill is another one. Shit ran like fucking 40% today.
Looks like SKL did. These are the better shorts, in my opinion, but I haven't taken any of these just yet. God damn, this shit looks so fucking overextended. When you have these rushes to the upside, people think it's bullish, but to me, this isn't bullish. It is for right now and this second, but what it really tells me is that we're scam pumping up to liquidity, creating exit liquidity.
But really, with any kind of four-hour supply, I want a 15-minute change of character. I've kind of back-tested it. 15-minute change of character on four-hour supply or demand and five-minute change of character on one hour. Also, I will say, though, we are in both on most of these coins, in both one-hour and four-hour supply.
I haven't even looked to see if you guys asked for any specific coins, so I apologize if so. I kind of just went on a tangent. Let's see. Thoughts on ENS? I have long limits on ENS right now. I didn't give these because I think the signal's already been given out, but this is what I'd be personally looking for. I wouldn't be surprised if I don't get it. Looking at ENS, looks like a rally-based rally setup to me. I would almost target this way to Kai. So we came down.
Change of character in the 15 minute would be looking for demand down here. And the only reason I didn't use this larger candle is because we do have this high volume candle that's at the bottom. And if I'm looking for longs right now, I'm trying to be pretty picky. I would maybe watch for a one minute to five minute reversal off this candle as well. We'll see. That's what I'm looking for, but I wouldn't be surprised if this just flies from here. I'm just not going to chase it personally.
What's the next one? Do I ever do TA on SPY? Yeah. I do SPX, but it's the same thing really. But yeah, smart money concepts work on literally everything. It's just liquidity is all it really is. It's just understanding why price does what it does and why it goes to where it goes. Because you got to remember, most people don't even know how you're getting this number. Why is price what it is?
Everybody's going to tell you, oh, supply and demand. Okay? So learn how to find supply and demand and trade off of it. Pretty simple. What is my favorite coin at the moment?
I mean, that's a hard one, I guess. I mean, like, long-term, like, what's the safest bet and best value, in my opinion, would probably be Ethereum. Ethereum or Bitcoin, obviously, is, you know, your safe bet. But I do like some other coins. Like, I really like QNT. I haven't really looked at this recently either. Oh, there's not futures on QNT? Sucks. So I got...
I got faked out here. So you had a one hour change of character here, but price came back down, swept up those stops. This is what you call a double sweep. So we came back down. Let me do the rewind just to get a better. Oh shit, went too far.
So we came into demand and now we're looking for a one hour because we're on a daily. I like personally a one hour change of character. Sometimes 15 minute will give you a better entry, but I'm going to stack my confirmation if I'm using daily demand. So here we have that change of character. People, you know, early longs just took longs off this candle stop loss under it. And this is why it's better to use confirmation because we see price came right through it.
There was no reason to go long. If you watch the five-minute, nothing.
So going back out of the one hour. So liquidity got swept. A ton of liquidity got swept right there. Stops were taken out. We hit supply, went even lower. So at this point, this is where you could look for, you know, liquidity didn't get swept just once, but twice. So why did that happen? Well, I guess there just wasn't enough gas in the tank for us to go from there, right? More stops had to be ran. You created equal lows. If you understand liquidity.
Hopefully you wouldn't have fell for that. But these equal lows got swept. And then here was really your opportunity. So once the price came back under this area, I wonder how this played out. So I would have looked at this like here was your change of character right here. So you had like a high, really actually low, high, low, high right here. Change of character. Use the big candle. This come down and hit. I guess you got just left behind on this one.
Let's see if it came back down or not. Yeah, it looks like you got left in the dirt on this one. Oh no, it did come back down. And even then, see, you got swept again. See, this is just reaching hard for liquidity to downside.
That's why you always just, no matter what, you just want to wait for confirmation. Even if, you know, you're playing like a 15 minute level or a five minute level, it's good to wait for that confirmation. Even if you're not going to use that order block, like for instance, if you wait for the one minute every time, you might not get a return to the one minute propulsion block that breaks structure. But you can wait till that structure is broken to even enter and still use your old stop loss. You know, it's...
The more confirmation you can get, the better. Especially when you're trying to trade counter trend. Really just long in crypto at all right now. QNT is about as cheap as you're going to fucking get it on last year or so. I'm going to change this. I haven't changed from my charts. Honestly, this could be a type 2 from this harmonic as well. Also, you have this demand right here. I'm going to change my TA quite a bit. Old daily demand back here.
It's not a bad area for Q&T. I like Q&T fundamentally. Personally, I think it has a lot of potential, especially with all the potential I see in Web3. Do your own research on it. Let's see what's good old Bitcoin doing. This almost looks more like it wants to reaccumulate, but I could see one during the London session, a stop run down. I could 100% see that. So much shit's in supply right now. I wouldn't be longing just yet.
Does it mean we get a QNT long? No, not yet. I think we're right around whenever we signaled it back in January or whenever the fuck it was. We're still right at the entry for that, for equity. I really saw much red. We got a snipe there. This actually looks good. I would feel more comfortable buying QNT equity than most crypto right now, personally.
On that note, I'm going to hop off here. As always, I appreciate you guys. If you have any questions at all, just DM me, comment on YouTube, at me on Twitter, whatever. But until Friday, I will see you later.
