Give a second for everybody to get in here. And Dojang, I'll go over what you asked me last night. I see you're in here. I know it's like 1 a.m. over there, so I'll make sure to do that first. Let me find it. I actually brought no problem. Let me find it. It's pulling up. What's up, Chance? My boy's in here. That's funny. Okay, let me pull this up. I about found it. I said... Okay, here it is. Hold on. All right, let me pull it up on the screen so I already can see.
So what she asked is if I could explain this. So this is on the free link that I have in my bio. It's a notion that has a basic trading plan. So the monthly price salary range is whenever I'm saying identify the most recent pro trend order block and then the most recent order block or identify most recent order block to the pro trend, it's the first opposing order block. So for instance, let's go on.
we'll do es with more data but for instance this right here would be that so we have our we're obviously moving down the curve is going down so we're in a bearish market our order flow is going down so we find the most recent pro trend order block which is a bearish order block which would be this candle right here
And then we look for the most recent order block that its wick does not touch this candle. So friends, if you took a line on this candle and you drew it out, we couldn't pick this order block because it touches that candle.
So we look for the most recent candle, which is this one that does not touch into that candle and we use that body. So these are just two areas we can find in the monthly chart that we can refine, but they're a good kind of guiding light, I guess, to see what kind of range you're in on the monthly chart and to see. And there's nothing that's saying it's not you're just going to only be within this range and every trend is going to continue.
used with other technical analysis and other bias, it can help you a lot whenever you're looking at a range that you're in. A lot of times it'll help with, for instance, I don't know if you were in here back in July, when we were right here at this monthly close, I said we would rally. So at this point, if you had done this, it would have been right here and this candle right here as well.
All right. I mean, I think the Dow actually has a better example of it. Yeah, this was a better one. So in this example, whenever we came into July, which we were really rewinded, just so you can get a better visual.
So this was the end of that candle. We looked at price in the context that, okay, well, we had this monthly order block up here, and then we had this one right here. And if you see prices shelved right on that. Also, there was some correlation with this, with the treasury bonds market. I have a whole video on that. That'll probably help you get a better look on it. It's like an hour long. I won't go into all of it. It's will the markets recover is what it's called. It's on my YouTube.
But and that's how we called that little bear market rally was just simply this and then also the treasury bonds. So I'm not going to get all the way into treasury bonds right now, but that was what I was talking about in that picture. Did that help? And then you also said ranges target opposing liquidity. So, for instance, let's just say.
We've been going over this quite a bit lately, like a little bit more in depth. So let's just say we have a range that we've developed here, right? And this is our range, the two places we move the most impulsively off of. So once we come back up into a premium and you have taken out internal liquidity, we're gonna target opposing liquidity. So let's just say there wasn't really anything left in this range and we filled a fair value gap here, right? We'll just draw it like this for the sake of it.
So we did that and then we even took out that high right there. So then after that, the price started moving down and instead of buying any of these order blocks to go up, you would just be targeting the opposing liquidity because now the sell side curve is in effect and we're taking out all those stops. Hope that helped.
And so as I went over with you guys, I'm not trading just because it's NFP week and you're going to get a lot of just kind of crazy volatility. And this week was pretty good for me already. So I don't really see any reason to force it. I do. Looking back, though, I was working on some other stuff I've been watching, but there was a nice entry here in the morning. Now, the chart on the daily tells me we want this imbalance. And that's kind of what I was looking at yesterday. I didn't trade yesterday, really, either.
This right here, it seems, is what we're drawing towards, is that imbalance. Now, we could move down first. Again, with NFP, you're going to see some weird price action that, you know, you kind of unpredictable. And that's why I kind of stray away from it is because there's a lot of money being. Oh, no problem. No problem, Bojang. But there's a lot of money being shifted around in preparation for this. And there's a lot of manipulation going on. So stuff isn't going to be as picture perfect.
as usual i mean they are the setups are there but they're going to be a little bit more quick to change if you will like for instance um
the moves are very fast, right? Everything got to be pretty aggressive. And to me, it's just like, I don't, there's so much time to trade. I don't see why I should indulge myself in a market that's not very clear to where I can get a good footing of everything that's going on. So I would want you to drop here because we have this massive range, no matter how you draw it, if you draw this, that high, whatever, we haven't made it to a premium yet.
So usually these liquidity rates, these volume imbalances like this, we will have a reaction, but shortly after it will be recovered and, you know, those shorts are going to get liquidated. So a lot of that is traps for shorts because everybody, you know, wants a bear market. Everybody has been shorting so long and or maybe the people have been getting stopped on longs and then they're finally flipping short at the wrong time under old lows.
Until we move back up into a premium, I don't really think those shorts are that high probability. And we went over this a lot. Just because something's not high probability doesn't mean it won't work. But this whole week, as far as like during the London session, price has been super, not very indicative. We can't, you know, last week.
Well, I shouldn't say that actually. Monday was kind of clean. It wasn't really clean during London, but just the overall from the weekly open. But other than that, if you look every day, we've just been opening it literally just it's like these times aren't really even mattering. But I wouldn't say today would have been like the clearest buy day just because of that. But overall, if we're looking at the daily chart, I mean, we get this close to that. A lot of times we'll draw into it. NFP could.
kind of give some manipulation with the dollar, which is gonna affect stocks. But I see all this as shorts building up, right in front of that imbalance. That's the way I'm viewing this now. We're looking at the one hour.
The range is super extended and we came up, we formed a range here because I would have viewed it like this. So once we got down in here, that was a range to me. So he came up and took that. So to me, I'm not looking at this as a new formation of a range. I'm looking at this all at the same range from here down to here. And the reason is because this isn't really much of a move and we didn't come back down into a discount of anything. So we took that external liquidity.
um the high of the range at that time and we've shown desire on the lower time frames to want to move down the one hour on the other hand to me doesn't necessarily scream for sure downside just yet and i mean i would look at like this now not saying it won't happen but by that point it's kind of like you know yeah you might get a retracement and move back down but i think the um overall narrative depending on how this nfp release comes out is going to be to move up
but don't try to just bet off that. You know, it's not something you want to just, that's not something that you want to just to bet on. I know a lot of people, I saw some people in the chat caught us short this morning. I'll be honest with you. I wouldn't like, I mean, I see like obviously it hit, you know, we moved up really quickly right at that open into this fair value gap over here.
But like when I'm looking at the one minute, unless you kind of just marketed on a shift in structure, like right there, personally, I don't really see the entry. I mean, I'm sure that, you know, there's probably, I think there was SMT and you could have taken entry, right? I'm not saying there wasn't an entry, but just the way that I traded, you know, I wait for that shift and then I would look to enter in the fair value gap. Now, for one, you could say this gave an entry all the way over here, a little three drive into it. And then obviously the market's showing desire to move down now.
But what I saw, as far as my model goes, would have been a long, but just a retracement. It would have been down here. Because for one, I'm looking at this from the context of daily imbalance is just above. So I'd rather long, even if it's against the morning trend, just because I think that I try to think in the context of the higher timeframe until we start to really show desire on at least the one hour to move down. To me, I mean, until we get under that low, I just look at this as order bog.
But we'll see how that goes. Because obviously it reacted to it once already and it was just rebouncing here. But remember, price bounces between area of liquidity to liquidity. So we could see price come down and seek out that low. Until that point, I wouldn't really like marry a short narrative. And even by then, you're going to be really creeping up on NFP. So it's just whenever you get this late in the week on NFP week, it just becomes kind of choppy. And sometimes you'll get good setups. I'm not saying you won't.
what i was what i would have looked at was this so whenever we had that rally in the morning you know where did all everybody put their stop loss right there so as soon as that gets taken ice comes down under that and does what
This place will break a structure now. It's not a clearance But if you look at it, there's another shift in structure there This is really just a break of structure and you had a little tiny fair, but I think it was actually a NOS that I was watching So this didn't even give a fair value gap, but where it did was over here So you kind of really got like the bottom tick. Why is it doing this my settings? I'm trying to delete stuff it won't But definitely right there it gave the clear shift
it came in here now would this have been the most optimal trade hmm i mean depends how you took it it's not really the best because i don't like how far it is from the bottom of the lick raid because that that's where i like to have my stop i mean if you look let's just say if you caught it at the top of the fair value gap and you put your stop here i mean you really at best which nobody's going to take profits the absolute bottom top tick was a 2r so
If anything, catching that short off that impulsive move would have been the better scenario. But this is the only place I saw any kind of liquidity rate. But it didn't show the strongest desire to move up down here. Now, the ideal scenario, which this has been happening a lot this week, is to have left some kind of gap in here when we get that initial shift in structure. Now, again, we've talked about the different kinds of entries off this model. And one of them is just marketing when you get that. So people that did that.
Like we were talking about up here, you kind of won today. But I think that the only clear fair value gap was right there. And at that point, we talk about we're not really on a very clear buy day, like when we don't have a very clear framework set up in the London session. We just look at the low hanging fruit, which is going to be premium areas of this impulse move, like whatever impulse move took liquidity.
you know first area in a premium would have really been already tapped at that point so it's one of those where it's like you know if you're an ote guy maybe you would have been able to catch something up in this region even then i think it's all you know it's really good in hindsight but
I still could see us rallying up, though, with all that being said. I mean, I know we just massively dumped here, but I'm just looking at it in the context of the daily and that we have that imbalance right above us. The daily is in a discount. We've moved very abruptly past this previous week's equilibrium. So that tells me that this week wants to show strength.
And we haven't made it to a premium of this. So overall daily bias would be bullish. But again, all this can get affected by the NFP week because we have so much stuff going on at the dollar. You know, the dollar can start fucking rallying. I mean, like, you know, you guys have been trading for a while. I understand what NFP does. Like, for instance, this was Brian NFP Day. And they start rallies, too.
Dot euro dollar man. I swear that's I so I don't even watch this pair cuz I don't trade London It's all every time that the good setups in this corner during fucking London the ones that I would want to take Look at this order block if it comes back up there, but
like literally it's all and it's picture perfect like people that trade euro i mean you get golden platter setups in london like so much so that it's almost made me want to trade london so if you look here you know you have that we're in the daily order block that was the big zone that i drew and um it came up
And this is a good example of why I like trading liquidity concepts against supply and demand because, you know, supply and demand, I still look at order blocks because that's really all supply and demand is. Let's be real. It's just trading order blocks. But here, so it's a value area if price gets back to it. But look where you would have got in trading liquidity rates. You'd have got in all the way up here. You'd been able to get in right there or right there. All right, because you came above that old high, shift in market structure.
Right into that first little fair value gap. I mean like literally free money. And it's so clean, so clean. Right above equal highs in the daily order block. You know, delivered to you like literally for free. But it's always during London that happens. So I watch Euro for setups and then it gives them, but just never whenever I'm trading. But nonetheless, it's still a nice, nice model. I mean, this is free money right there. Daily order block, right? This little cluster of candles, that's all in order block.
If you look on maybe like a three-day or something, it'd be even clearer. Yeah, there you go. So you could have looked at that really even. Euro, again, that's the way to make money off Euro lately. Just wait until we get up to those daily premiums and short. And this is what I want S&P to do. So you see that down here, I'll just draw the actual range. Once we came down, we took all that liquidity and price showed the desire to go higher. It went higher almost every day until it reached that price delivery rate in a premium.
So, what is ENS? Let me look at this. ENS and Ethereum Classic. Oh, damn, that's not a while. What charts are these? What time frames I should say? The daily. I'm done. So let me look and see what you said.
So you said after I cover SPY and Bitcoin, could you chart or check Ethereum Classic and ENS chart? Today I watched these coins with RSR to practice. So I would recommend probably watch, I mean, this is just my opinion. I would recommend learning off of something other than these coins just because kind of the principles we're trying to learn are based off of manipulation. So in order to have heavy manipulation, we want to know that there's a lot of institutions involved in that asset. And whenever we have coins that are a very low market cap,
we don't really have any way of knowing that there's very large forces at play now sure i'm sure they're all manipulated but you're going to get a cleaner um cleaner opportunities in my opinion trading coins of a higher market cap i'll take a look at them but i will start off by saying that overall this shows um i mean that's and this that's this is why you really don't have much to work with i mean it seems like at this point prices
Almost wants to go to that high because we've can't canvas order block just consolidate in it You could reverse still but I mean, I don't see any clear areas I mean, we've filled all the imbalances price is still showing a desire to go up
You could look around these areas this big this big candle right here, but again, that's just that weekly order box So we're just kind of refining it. I mean I Would almost look for this to draw up and be bullish all the way up to this high. I know that's a little crazy It's like a big move and that's what a lot of alts look like I will say but That's just what I see on the weekly so you asked about
During the Asian session, and this is what I said in this class we did during the Asian session most financial Institute or instruments will see periods of consolidation So wait for a liquidity rate and you said that you usually trade Asia session because you're in Korea So could I please explain this? So trying to think I mean
Really, the best explanation is going to be in that class. But basically, the idea is that during the Asian session, a lot of times you're going to have consolidation with most instruments. And what I went over in that was that crypto in certain times does expand during Asia session. But for the assets that consolidate, we see kind of an accumulation period during Asia. You have New York midnight. So just imagine that's midnight and then price will.
Push up on a cell day during the London session and that's gonna be up here and that'll be your manipulation and then after that if you see that displacement breakdown, you'll be able to see a distribution on the Day, which is gonna be a cell day now. This can be inverted for a by day I'm actually gonna edit a power three video today and release them cutting a lot of these streams into other videos to get the important parts out
But that's really the general gist of it. Is that you're gonna see manipulation after the Asian session. So Asia can be a little, wait, I moved it upside down again. Or no, I just reset it and never inverted it again. That's what it was. Let me look at EPC. Hmm. I mean, again, a lot of these, all these ranges are pretty crazy. I mean, this really looks like.
let's kind of retrace that um weekly range i mean this looks like more downside but if crypto starts moving to the upside that's going to get um invalidated i would look at this as a draw right here just 21.08 i mean that's a pretty big drop just just based off the weekly um
I don't know though. One could look at this. I mean, this is where alts get kind of ridiculous. I mean, one could look at this as just literally your whole range is this because that's the biggest impulse move. But again, it just gets to the point where it's like, Jesus, I mean, this is like an eight move. So if you look at it like that, this would be bullish in the sense that we've came down.
Traded into that order block and exploded away from it. And that might be because, you know, whenever I see an alt that has a chart like this, it's kind of disagreeing with the rest of crypto. I try to look at it in a different perspective because really when you're trading crypto, yes, you're going to have some coins that rally harder than others at time, but you're really trading the same shit in just a lot of different ways. You're just finding the better setups or stuff that's at a better time than others, if you will. So like what I mean by that is if crypto is going to fly.
every last one of them is going to fly. It's just about getting them at the right times and getting good entries. So if I'm looking at crypto in a general sense that we could see some relief, I'm going to look at Ethereum Classic in that same sense. Also, there's been a lot of fundamental stuff going on with this coin because of the Ethereum merge. And I know a lot of miners were talking about switching to this, if I'm not mistaken. What I would do, I would watch this. I'm actually going to set an alert for this.
to look for longs. And the reason being is the price came down to an old area of institutional sponsorship, which is this order block. What did it do?
created another area of institutional sponsorship. So price, so heavy desire to move, traded through this big down candle. So that's an order block now. We've got a fair value gap right there. You could look at this in so many ways. This is like the trifecta, because you've really got a breaker block right there. This is a breaker. And the reason being is because it pushed price down and took stops. So you've got a breaker, fair value gap, and an order block there. This is gonna be a pretty high value area, in my opinion. I'm actually glad you brought this up. So just looking at a weekly chart,
i'm just i would just chill now it might not come down there who knows it might not i'll actually set an alert at the top of the breaker too but um just to watch but anywhere in this area if you start to see the daily or like a four hour chart start to show um market structure shift you could look to getting some swing long so what i would ideally like is maybe something like this dig down into this area if you look at that look right there what's there it's a daily order block
See what I mean? So that's why you see these areas of institutional sponsorship kind of revealing themselves inside old areas. And that's why price is fractal. We can look on a weekly. There's an order block. Okay, we come down here, trade, do an order block. Guess what happens? This was really that order block. We traded through it. What happened? The daily produced another order block. So I would look at this in a more bullish narrative overall than that first weekly take just because of all this. And whenever I would see price come down here, I would look for the same thing we look for on everything else.
That's shift that's desire to move higher now after that. I mean really it's You know All that's probably gonna get taken I'm not saying necessarily this high but just that that will create that we formed there's a lot of people looking at that Probably a lot of this area is a lot of cells
You could even go higher. But again, there's a lot of times I look at crypto and I'm like, hmm, you know, if this were, say, like a 15 minute chart, which you don't get these kind of charts with shit coins. I look at this like this is a bullish range. We're showing indications that this is being respected here.
All right, order block all the way back from 2021, traded in, recapitalized, more institutional sponsorship on the daily chart after we broke through this level. So it's showing me that some big force is involved here. A lot of stops on shorts all through here. People shorting Ethereum Classic.
So, I mean, you could see some really crazy stuff. But, you know, there's a lot of stuff that goes into play with this. We've got the general economy. The world is, you know, somewhat collapsing. There's a lot of unrest. So, you know, calling for like an all-time high or something, I think is a little off the table personally. But you could see some bullish momentum where you can capitalize off of it. Yeah, I already went over. I didn't go over NQ specifically, but it's really the same as ES.
I just saw somebody said we haven't posted the trade recap for crypto September. So if you want to see it, we separated the channels to where it's just green names because we had a section that had members picks where there's people that were members giving place to. But we changed it to this. So it's going to be just the official calls. So we can. And that's why we made it so we can.
Keep track of it because you can see there's still some members giving signals, which they're great, but they're it's all members They're not obligated to give these signals, but there's two stops. We got right here on dot. I got stopped on both of them nice little move up in me and me but then There's also a stop on Adam But then ETH hit a TP and then I ended up hitting the second TP with FOMC After that Glacier had gotten some he got ETH lungs after that
More profits there went up a little higher. He gotten some dot longs We took this Bitcoin short. It's fucking phenomenal trade full TP in like an hour Those dot longs he was still swinging and then I got us into some fill longs little free freebie there, but that's so so that way there's no Because hot team asked why we hadn't post the recap of crypto September yet. There you go. So that way you can see it
Do I remember offhand which stream I covered Power 3? Yes, it was last Friday. But I'm actually, like I said, literally today, like whenever we get off here, I'm going to, here in a little bit, edit that video. And I've edited a couple videos, and I'm going to start posting out more content where it's a little bit more focused, you know, shorter form. That way you don't have to fish through all of the streams. I like this chart, though. The other one, I think he said RSR.
I got you. XR Pizzle. XR Pizzle Long Whizzle. Yeah, this shit looks fucking good. I'm not even going to lie. I'm going to just clean off all my shit. Let me see if there's an old shark. That's screaming an old load of me, but I don't know if it actually is or not. Okay, it is. Yeah, so this looks pretty... Well, I don't know. It looks a little different.
Like it became an although came up rebalance this Little range we had here in the weekly and the yes, the range is bearish here So just take this the grain of salt because I'm gonna pop out to a monthly so you can see So you see this though Look at that monthly low. We just took all time. Well, I don't know if this is all time lows on RSR Let me I'm just trying to find a chart that has more data Because these all all the feeds are different not I think the tether charts gonna be the
I'm just going to go with the kind of chart. So somebody come and tell me if this is not the all time low, but it looks like we just pipped that low. So when you have that happen, we look at price in a fractal manner. So we would look at, you know, that's the, yes, the weekly range. And that's what we talked about always operating in the, um, the, uh, the context, the higher timeframe. So if we look at the impulse move on the weekly.
Look at that. A lot of liquidity built up right there. We've got an order block. Really, you could say this, but I would personally just low-hanging fruit looking at that monthly imbalance.
I mean, I know that's pretty fucking car off. I'm just, I'm just looking at things without being biased as to a timeframe. I'm just looking at it like we took that low. Now I would look for rally up. Now, again, these are shit coins. So we'll see. We'll come back in a couple months and see how this worked. Because I've learned my lesson about fading myself and I'd rather be wrong than just to like, you know, be like, ah, no, there's no way. And then you come back and it's like, damn. Yeah.
i would look at this and notice how i'm on crypto i'm on a daily and a weekly yeah that's the only way i don't i've learned with crypto recently especially i don't want to be a part of all these little tiny choppy ranges i just don't i have no desire to do that so for me i'm going to look for the value as on the higher time frames and i'm just going to wait and wait and wait and wait until that happened that like that bitcoin trade we went into um we talked about we had a stream
It was like, you can see the day it was 927. So if you look at the stream from that day, this setup, it was a great setup. And the reason I waited for the equal highs on a high timeframe, that buy side liquidity get taken, that shift in market structure right there. We went over this whole play live. I didn't call it live, but we did go over live. And you guys can see here, shorting Bitcoin right there. And then, I mean, this is the kind of trade you'll get. You're not going to get that if you just try to trade every single...
15-minute setup on crypto. This is going to come from those daily four-hour weekly setups. That's why I like waiting. That's the last time we took, well, that I took a intraday trade on crypto was that. Now, yes, we're in the Phil Longs file coin. I always call it Phil. I don't know why, but we're in those. And that's also, that's literally based off a daily chart. I didn't go on anything less than a daily to get into that.
That's not that day trade so I would look at Yeah, this imbalance would be a very nice area. I'm actually gonna post some alerts just because I want to Give some signals to the guys that do you want to if I start to see swing signals for crypto, that's what I prefer I'm kind of just doing some almost like more position or swing trading strategies on on crypto
But you've got pretty clear targets beyond this right here. And just look at this. Think of this right here. Let's just think of this right here. Imagine if we're on the S&P and this is the morning and we take a low on the 15 minute and this is our chart. Are you going to long that? Probably, right? That's the way I look at it. You got to look at it like that. For instance, here's another good example of price being fractal.
We got VXY on the yearly. Each candle is a year. Look at that. Shift under here. Shift in structure. Fair value gap entry. It's the same thing. We're just utilizing candles to visualize an occurrence of stops being bought up. That can happen over a year. In this example, look, 2008 all the way. If somebody tries to tell you this shit doesn't work, show them something like this. If this doesn't work, tell me why this did that.
Oh wait, cause it's just, it's just how it works. Um, DRV. Oh my God. I want to look at this shit. Where is it at now? Fucking 65. But I'm telling, I told you guys like this shit's going to go higher, bro. Like literally I was looking, I think at a monthly and I'll show you why. So this monthly, like, so if I'm, this is the monthly range for this, this order block right here. And then now we've kind of, um,
We came down there wasn't really anything all the way over here But if we look at this most recently order bought or most recent order block Will beat this candle you have a massive range So you could come all the way up into like you can look you can use pre-owned a discount on this I don't really know see anything that's there on a monthly but we can go on like a weekly There's a pretty clean little order block there. I guess you'd say I don't know how I'd really I mean it is an order block but
That could be a target. This is going to go higher for sure. $87 looks very likely. If you get anywhere down near $50 or in this fair value gap, you could look to trade this. For those who don't know, I think this is inverse the housing market, correct, CP? Or it's like a short ETF or something like that.
Yeah, it is so malos asked do I have a video for the strategy and trade entry? Those are all in the private server. We have went over putting it all together We went over a lot of shit. There's a ton of videos. I'll give you a sneak peek just so you can see We get to my
oh i gotta do it over here youtube's weird about me showing my analytics since the page got monetized oh yeah also i never even announced that i appreciate all you guys coming through because i got my youtube monetized it's not like really the craziest uh big bucks but um you know still pretty cool all right that's all that's all because you guys coming through every day let me find this little playlist i have you guys can see all the different
Classes you get if you sign up to play but so we've got everything from Basics and market structure institutional logic liquidity rates top-down analysis which POI is a trade from we got some training psychology risk management market maker institutional involvement time efficiency series and the weekly candle formation with tons of stuff there and these are all an hour long That's what I don't know
17 hours. And I think I need to actually add a couple. I'm pretty sure we're at like 21. I guess I, no, no, no, that's right. No, no, it is. I'm sorry. 17 hours of, of education. Basically, it's like a little mini course, but you're going to get that if you sign up to play, but then you get a free trial, um, uh, with the link in the bio, if you want to hop in there and at me when you get in there. So I know who you are, because I really appreciate you guys always coming through. There's quite a few of you guys who are here, like, uh, um, or here every day. So I really appreciate that.
I appreciate that, Collins. That's pretty dope. Somebody said, I've watched about four of them, and they are great, referring to the private classes.
hey thanks yeah i appreciate you put the notifications and all that stuff helps like liking commenting um watching like the the time that so another thing that's cool is like i can see the time that you guys stay and the average for youtube is around for this niche is around like seven minutes six minutes but you guys are staying all the way up to 13 minutes and some change um so that's like that really helps me because you know that
It shows the YouTube algorithm that my content is valuable enough to stay around and watch. So people, it'll show it to more people. And yes, Trek Study from the group, the link is in Lessons. It's pinned to Lessons. Conan, no, Fights the Homie, though. I'm not in Fights Discord, but we're all in the same kind of like little niche on Twitter. You probably saw me on Twitter. I mean, I'm in there, but I'm not like affiliated. But that's a great group of people.
Check out Adam. Got you. Oh, you're watching on Twitter. Oh, that's from the free chat. The global. I wasn't doing it on Twitter for a little bit just because I think, I feel like I would rather watch it on YouTube, but I figured I might as well. My streaming client lets me. My UST. No UST.
This really never hit that. Yeah, I would still look for overall upside here. I mean, we never came into a premium on the weekly, but this massive order block right there and you front ran it. So I would look for price to draw back up into there. I think these were actually targets. I was going to short it. Yeah. Or no, I was going to, oh, that's what I'm done. I was going to long it and I got stopped out.
So you look, you have that order block we came into showing pretty clear desire to move up. Like after you come down to that area, yeah, structural shift. And this is crypto's real wiki and like, you know, just, it's just how it is. I mean, you got that structural shift. Oops, right. I would say there. I mean, really, I mean, you could actually have looked at it like down here. You want to really be aggro. I mean, that's, you know, displacement breaking swing high, but.
The market structure break the breaks a strong high I would say it's like right there, but came above that I Mean you did get an entry to be fair. It gave you a little little one right there I'm fucking swing so it would look something like and this is how you would execute these as you know
something like that. I mean, you're using the daily chart to frame it. Don't, don't go long at them and then come back and be like, fuck you cats for this didn't hit the TP. But I'm just telling you how, like, that's what I would look at it as on the daily charts. You came into a daily order book, use the one hour to kappa or to confirmase, fuck, I can't speak to confirm, Jesus Christ, to confirm, fuck, to confirm that institutions are becoming involved here. And if you look, I mean, this is a pretty clear,
Little order block this could provide an entry later. Maybe maybe it already did know Right there that that could provide an entry later price would kind of dip back down take out some of these early Or I'm sorry late longers stop for the right there Overall I would look for Adam to go out and clear all this out because we got stopped It was such a cock to look we got stopping a tight stop it cut stopped us and then ran almost the full TP. Yeah, I love those
Words, what are words? Some guy, 2022. Can I map out the drawn liquidity for SPX on the daily open? I was really confused with the fair value gap right above and below current price. Yeah, sure. Let me go to my ESC. So, you know, whenever we're talking about the drawn liquidity at the open, you could look at it in the sense of, you know, I'll be honest with you. I wouldn't have called this. I'll just be honest with you. So.
That being said, I would have looked at this as the draw. I mean, I guess you could say that this might have been the draw. And like we said earlier, like, yeah, we had to have a move down, but it looks like we haven't even watched this. It looks like, well, it's come back in a fair value gap. And like I said before, to me, the order was bullish above this on the one hour. Every down moves still a buying opportunity until we get the daily draw. Now, if I'm coming to the market this morning,
So for me, I try to identify the draw of the day more in the afternoon because I look at areas that are like a potential draw in the morning. Sometimes it's clear. But if I'm looking at it from a bullish perspective, like I said, I wouldn't have looked for this first. I would have looked for this. That would have been the draw.
Because you've got, but I would have been, I mean, I don't know if you'd say wrong or right. I mean, it did draw to that. It didn't go there first, but you've got an imbalance right here and an order block that we traded into. It's early longs because we always look for that liquidity rate in the New York session. That's why I don't like, and I don't recommend trading indices during Asia or London. And sometimes you will get the best setups.
I always say, because I'll say that and then somebody will message me and they'll be like, well, look, I got this set up on the Asian session. So like, fuck you. And I'm just like, I'm not saying you won't, but it's just not as consistent because we see those liquidity rates in the New York session. Because all that retail liquidity, just buying, buying, oh my God, we're going to fly and they get shit on, right? They get all stopped out. So then smart money has an opportunity. This is where smart money has an opportunity right there.
After the liquidity has been taken, after we're in this imbalance, after we're deeper in that order block. And what did the lower time frame show? Showed the shift. We already went over that this morning. That was where the opportunity was. And, you know, albeit it wasn't the craziest risk reward if you're just targeting this. But what is DXY doing? Because DXY looked like it was pretty extended there. I don't really use the four-hour chart as much for anything except crypto, but...
I want a DXY lower, but I mean, it came into a... No, actually, no, it didn't.
Yeah, I would still want this lower. I think there's a weekly order block that I've marked right there. That's the first weekly price delivery rate and a discount. And you've also got this. This looks very nice if we get down there. This week, this is NFP week for you. And that's the thing with DXY. It could just fly. That's why you don't want to marry a narrative during this week. Or like me, I don't even trade the last two days. I didn't even trade yesterday because I had a really good day Monday and Tuesday.
and it was like hard for me even and i and i'd say a lot of things but like i don't ever mean to give like the impression that i'm like oh that i never up or anything like that because like for instance i said tuesday like you know okay you're you did good like you know no there's no need to continue but like i had that urge i had the urge today because i'm working i'm here at my desk i'm just like you know i'm such like a trader at heart like even if i'm not trading like it's like trading view is like my tv show or something i don't
I just have it on, like, on one screen. Like, one screen is just dedicated to the chart. But I wanted to trade, and I just kind of chilled. And he was like, okay, well, you know, if you take a loss today after – like, let's just say if I went in there and lost all the gains that I had this week, I mean, that would be pretty impossible. But let's just say then, you know, you deserve that because you went against what you said you were going to do. Like, you deserve every bit of that if that happens.
DXY Weekly, though, on Power 3 is looking pretty bullish. I will say that. That'll be interesting to see how that plays out. The reason I said it is look at that weekly open. Yeah, I mean, actually, no, I don't know. Wait, I'm a fucking meme. That was last week. Okay, I was like, wait, that doesn't make sense. I was like, damn, we dumped. No, no, no. Sorry about that, guys. It'll be over here.
That candle still not not it's not like I'm very bearish we came down early in the week on that Tuesday Potentially forming a low of the week, so we'll see how that goes looks like a corn. We haven't even looked at good old corn Still again. I'm just waiting like I'm waiting for this right here and then in there. I want to see at least Depending on how much display so maybe a 15 minute, but I'd like a one-hour setup to prove to reveal itself there
There's just some suss about this low for some reason to me Like it doesn't look like it wants to get taken, but I'm not writing that off. Of course, but that's still I think overall weekly draw But crypto has a mind of its own So I would look for a price come up in this area and then look for shorts. So I said can I check Aussie Yen
I took the nice, it was a while ago. You can see how we, I think we talked to this a while ago. I was talking about us taking buy side then moving to equal lows, but it was a while ago. I haven't looked at Forex much recently except Euro dollar occasionally. We'll just trash all that. I mean, dude, where I see the monthly is you have this range, right?
Right there, that got taken. So now you have a new range, right? That we're still within. You came down and took all the internal liquidity, all that, right? Back in 2020 with COVID. Now price is just drawing up on the monthly. So I would look for each monthly to have a bullish monthly candle. That doesn't mean we won't have down weeks. So this looks like a little three drive right here. I would say the draw is that low.
But again, it's the yen pair. So I just, I'm shorting yen pairs for like any extended time has kind of been fucked up. But I mean, I look on the weekly, I see a three drive sell side down there. You could look at that low as well. To take it more like day by day, I guess week by week since we're in the weekly, you could look at that low just to be safer. Because we kind of look, we have down move, trading into a fair value gap. The daily is showing pretty clear desire to want to move down.
NFP is gonna shake up all Forex markets too. So we'll see how that that goes I mean, it looks Overall the chart looks bullish though. So what I could see maybe as you trade under that low and recapitalize this order block over here So I'd like that 95 to 4 Overall on that note though guys I am gonna hop off here. I Got a funny ass meme. I'm about to post in a second. It's actually like or maybe I just think it's funny, but
I've been fucking around making memes lately. But anyways, be on the lookout for that. I'm sure some of you will laugh at it. And be safe for real. Don't go out there and put your neck on a chopping board for NFP. If you do and you take a loss, you can't be mad. You're gambling. So good luck if you do. And if you don't, then good for you too. I'll be on tomorrow at 4 Eastern.
We're gonna just recap the week see what NFP showed us if it gave us any kind of clear indication and Also answer any question you guys have so until then be safe. I'll see you guys tomorrow. Peace
