this on what's good if um anybody in the audience on youtube can tell me if the audio is working for some reason it's not picking up my mic you can't i know i said yo why is it doing that it's annoying you guys hear me i don't know i know discord probably is fine i don't know why it's doing that oh it's good okay cool everyone no all right well what's up everybody um so uh
tweeted earlier that the drawn liquidity this morning I was looking for these equal highs that still stands I still think we'll get up into this region seeing some big profit taking into lunch though I was in a long this morning I took some profits somewhere in this area just because I had to do something else I couldn't really watch the market I'm glad I did to be honest but
Yeah, I mean, the only thing I see really on five minute, I like this breaker right here. And then there's a volume imbalance, fair value gap. You can see we've traded through that. And there's a fair value gap right here with an order block there. We are tapping right now. Trading view kills me. Sometimes it works when I'm trying to click the middle mouse to delete. Sometimes it doesn't. But this order block right here, it's weird that we're hitting it at this time.
um but we i want to see a reaction here if we are to continue up so um and i uh i got people asking why i was bullish on a dm on disc uh not on discord on um twitter and the reason i wanted to see some up movement um and not necessarily higher highs here here um i was trying to go for low hanging fruit and we still didn't tap that but was that you know overall as you guys know i've been talking about for a while i'm bullish
look at the four hour we saw a pretty strong shift yesterday and if we target the or take the impulse swing now a lot of people will do this
And that's not the way I would do it because if you look, first of all, we didn't really move impulsively here. We came down, moved up a little bit, came down, then moved here to here, then came down a little bit. And then that's where you got the actual impulse leg that broke structure. So if you see, where did we travel into this morning? All right. So we'd already traveled in this area and then we get a big push up.
Right here at the open push down, but then we fail to display some below this low So that's why that's you know along with the bullish bias that we've already been talking on the higher time frames Looking for these equal highs up here, you know We have that we have this market structure shift on a four hour, which is one of the higher time frames for me One hour as well looks pretty good. We took liquidity right here into that fair value gap
And then on top of that, you take the 830 open. Where is it right here? We're well under the 830 open coming down to this area. We took liquidity in session right around that time that we will usually see these models at around 10 a.m. And then one minute market structure shift.
I mean, it wasn't to me that that was where I said, OK, when we got this bar right here, this candle, that's where I'm saying, OK, like I'm looking for higher prices. You know, now you could have tried along all the way up to the drawn liquidity, which is these equal highs up here. Or, you know, I think it's always going to take partials, especially with indices. But.
I think that this right here, once we got above the air and didn't really see much more energetic movement, I kind of just went ahead and started to take profits. And that was that for me. It was good enough.
I got in just on a close of, I think it was a little late, but it was like one of these two bars. But yeah, I mean, that's the recap of why I put 4038 for ES. Just put ES4038. I'll try to start giving those to you guys a little more often. Now, I see that we have had a little bit of profit taking going into lunch, which is totally normal. I wouldn't switch my bias because of that.
All right down the one minute I think we could even trade into this right here The reason I like that is because it's an order block that took some liquidity right there We closed under a pretty nice thing got an expansive move engulfing it so If we come down there and tap that and maybe get a high resistance run right here followed by some energetic and the words Movement upwards that would be a nice signal. I probably won't take any more trades today. Definitely not during the lunch hour, but Just close 2.6% dope. Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah, of course. Thank you for showing. I know you're going to watch it later, but sleep good. You need it. You've been up hustling. But, yeah, so another way you could view this, and this is a little bit of a stretch, but my eye just is trained to see these things. It's a potential power of three. I'm here. Seems like we're moving in the range sharp. It's too early to tell just because we're in this fair value gap. Now, if we could get a nice move up here, I would look for that, drawing liquidity pretty soon.
We came down and stopped out some of these late traders late longs Getting a nice little push off that five minute order block that we talked about in the stream And it looks like that candle is at equilibrium. We'll see if we get it or not Now we had a stream yesterday in the private discord talking about quite a few things and I'll reiterate it here for those of you who are just on YouTube this is
i'm pretty pretty very i'm very confident in 4200 for yes now that we could go down we could move sideways you know i like 4200 that's that's the overall daily target for me so um kind of just a recap on es this morning let's hop into dxy so we've been talking about this for quite some time but for those of you who are newer here
we had this level we wanted to hold on the monthly chart, which was this order block, but it doesn't seem like we're getting the reaction that I would want to see if we were to get an energetic rebound off the order block itself. Now, what I do see is a clear draw on liquidity, this sell-side liquidity right here. Now, another reason why I like this is if we look at the weekly swing range, if we're talking about external structure, we have this big move here.
Right and that whole area was what I would mark as our external structure for some time now if you notice what happens here we come back into a Discount and take liquidity trade into an order block over here now if we look at this level right here Yes, we have right here We have liquidity and a discount now you won't always get it where where it's like, you know picture perfect But most of the time once we start to show
um this internal structure getting taken with displacement that tells us the market is pulling back to discount pricing um to then you know the expectation would be up for us to continue up if we look at the monthly structure
You know, I would look at this, though, as a bearish range overall. If we're talking about the most, this is the biggest range of structure for me on an external level. And the reason I don't say, you know, this is because if you look, that doesn't really take out any significant structure right there. And this was the old low, so to speak. If you look, it would have went something like this. This would have been our old structure. And then come down here as the highest point between these two lows.
and then now it came up so we could take out this 120 level just because there's some relatively equal highs now depending on if we close a month above that or not that will determine if we are seeing a long-term structure shift but until we get a kind of like a confirmation I don't like to look for
the reversals as much as continuations. So another thing I want to show you guys here in the monthly for DXY is we have this breaker with a fair value gap resting inside of it. We've got two fair value gaps resting inside of it. And we've got an order block right here from this failure swing. So I think DXY could maybe make another higher high at some point. But if we look, we can also mark this right here.
We've fully filled that fair value gap so ICT I'm not sure if some of you guys have been watching the newer stuff, but yeah funny ass video it was um He was like that right there is a fucking unicorn or something like that and it's a breaker block with a fair value gap inside of it now these are
Super, super valuable. Sorry, I marked the wrong candle. My brain's fried. This right here. Sorry. That was the one I was supposed to mark. Because just to clarify, if you guys don't want to confuse me, this isn't a breaker because we didn't take any liquidity. So I'm sorry I marked the wrong one. But this is the breaker. Because we came up here, took that liquidity failure swing. That was the reversal. So this right here is an institutional level because it was the down closed candle before we took stops. So you can see that we fully mitigated that.
When I was marking this fair value gap, I was like, dude, I just did this TA last night and...
it was different but we see that right there we came into that fair value gap right there and that is more confidence for me to at least like at a bare minimum retrace the discount pricing you know um if not reverse through this overall trend that's kind of a stretch just because of where dxy is at but you know i think that another thing that you have to think about is every single person that i know at least is recession inbound bearish we're bearish
everything's going to the ground, you know, Bitcoin to 3000, all this stuff. And I see those perspectives and I've even thought that, but.
You know, to be honest, where we're at right now, I could see a reversal on DXY. I know it's kind of counterintuitive to what a lot of people said. And I was even looking for much higher prices. But when I see it in a newer perspective, I could see both cases. So until we get some form of reversal on the daily, I'm still bearish on DXY overall. If we look here, we are kind of consolidating down here. I could see, you know, higher highs on this four-hour chart.
But it's really about how we displace above them. Because if you see the energetic price action is downwards right now. We get a shift market structure shift like that. We pause, get another breakdown. Until we start to shift back up, I'm looking at the market as it's drawing down towards something lower. And the clear area right there is that liquidity and a discount on the weekly timeframe.
So that's what I'm seeing for DXY. We're kind of consolidating at it. I could see one push-up to flush out and then move down to the true target. But overall, long-term, or I guess I should say mid-term target, short to mid-term target for DXY, this 101.297. So if you're not paying attention to DXY and you trade really anything, you should be.
Another thing that I'm noticing here is that we got this big push-up and we failed to displace over this high. So what that tells me is that we can look at this low or this low as weak, so to speak, because it couldn't cause a displacement. It wasn't the base of a true rally. Until we prove otherwise, on that four-hour time frame, that looks more like a sweep. So if we go down a 15-minute, which is what I like to confirm the four-hour, we get a big push-up, then displacement break down.
travel back in on these fair value gaps and then most likely seek out these lows i like these better because they're equal um but that's just what i'm seeing right now and it's also all you know supporting the higher time frame bias so that goes uh goes along with these uh es bias as well we're gonna be bullish
So that's just kind of giving you guys some insight on why I'm bullish. And it's not just because we've been pumping or anything like that. But that's for ES and DXY. Let's head over to Bitcoin.
So with Bitcoin we've been talking about this for a little while to Overall drop for me is 25k 25 200 on finance perps I see a potential market maker cell forming just because of the way we're consolidating here. So First cons original consolidation run to resistance Smart money reversal now. I'm not one to forecast all this hasn't happened yet So I'm not saying too short when we get up here unless you get confirmation But if we do get a nice confirmation here
I would look for sales into these lows. But again, I don't want to be a forecaster. It's cool to do that, but until it's time to trade, it really doesn't matter. But I still just want to share that with you guys. But overall, bullish to 25K. And I think we're in distribution mode. So something that a lot of people I see misunderstand is that price always has to come back down to a discount. And a lot of times it is, but you have to understand what context are you operating in.
it are is the market expanding is it distributing so whenever we're talking at power three we get this accumulation manipulation and this sharp push up you're not always going to get a retrace down to a discount and if it happens after you've met your target you're probably not going to see a continuation because the whole purpose here is to destroy this entire range it's not to you know give us this nice clean break of structure and a chance for you to get in the market it's just just not what the market's doing if you've ever watched the lower time frames
and you know you see a clear draw on liquidity or a clear target and price is just moving up and it just every fair value gap it touches it's just railing off of it seeking the highs and you're wondering why didn't you know it didn't come back to discount well the market's in distribution mode the market is seeking out that liquidity and it's not going to give you a chance to get in because smart money has already gotten in down here so they don't need to they don't need the market to wave they just are you know pushing up
there's gonna be small bits of profit taking. And that's why you'll see these market maker models form within these patterns. You know, if you look at a higher timeframe, power of three, a lot of times on the lower timeframes, reaching up to this target, you're gonna see this market maker model or another power of three in a lower timeframe. And all you're really doing by using those patterns is visualizing how the algorithm pairs orders. So once you look at things in that concept or that perspective, I should say,
you're going to be able to spot these patterns a little more confidently. But until we get a smart money reversal here, which is a nice distribution above this old high with either a liquidity run and then displace a break of structure, or if we were to get something like this, a push up and move back under that level and get a failure swing, then you could look to trade this leg. So another thing I see people mess up a lot is failure swings.
liquidity rates like let's just say you have a zone and then here's your point of interest and you're waiting you're waiting and price digs into your zone and takes out all this liquidity
And then you get something like this. It's a sharp move out. And, you know, a lot of people that learn supply and demand trading, they would say this is the high. And it's not wrong. You know, that is a strong high. That's what caused the new low. But if we get a failure swing model, which is when we push it into the point of interest, whether it's an order block, a fair value gap, a breaker block, and we get this pushed out of it and then reject off of it.
Oftentimes it's so common you get a really deep push into the zone
So this is now what you're working with. Because everybody that got into the market, you know, shorting here is already underwater. All right, so this means that the market makers have already positioned themselves. And the way to think about this is if they take out enough liquidity on the way down and get a deep enough push into the point of interest, they don't necessarily need to run out the short-term traders. So whenever you see the market doing this number, we come down and we take out early traders and then move up.
That's because the market came down, and this is just a way to think of it. Some of these things are phenomena or enigma, and you're never going to be able to, there's no proof. You can't say it's a fact. This is what's happened, but this is my logic, is that we came down to the point of interest, and we took out some liquidity here, but it wasn't enough, so we had to come out and stop out those short-term traders, the early traders, and then get a break of structure and enter like that. But whenever we look at the market in the context of
Well, what if that wasn't necessary? What if enough liquidity was taken on the way in? That's when you hit these failure swings. And that's whenever you target this order blocker, you know, use this display to break a structure. So that's something that took me a long time to understand because then a lot of people would be like waiting for this to get taken and the market comes here and the market is in expansion mode and you're waiting for, you know, this reversal down here when it's already happened. So two types of reversals that you're going to see.
are those um tap sweep and shift or the failure swing now the key to identify this is use your level and if you dig into it come out and then repel off the level use that impulse leg right there so hopefully that is valuable to you guys it's something that helped me a lot in my day trading because if you wait for only one model you're going to miss on a lot of opportunities and i don't mean to inspire any kind of fomo or anything like that but i do want to
Make it clear that either that if you're trying to trade especially on a funded account on the lower timeframes or trade More aggressively and I don't recommend this for people that are new But if that's what you're trying to do and you're trying to see more opportunities or maybe your model isn't seeing enough opportunity to pass a funded challenge or You know, you're trying to venture out and trade too many assets It's better to just learn how to be a little more nimble and trade one asset with
you know, with more, I guess a different entry model, so to speak. So hopefully that helps you guys. But overall with Bitcoin, you know, bullish, I'm not really trading Bitcoin recently as much as I'm trading alts. I think the alts have a little bit more room and they're moving a little bit more energetically, which is what I like. Now, overall here, I see you tapped into this fair value gap in the four hour.
We don't have any reason to see any consequent encroachment out of the equilibrium here that fair value gap
um but you know if we do get something like that that would be even more valuable but to be honest you know i could see us going from here but usually we're trading getting closer to these levels um it's price will get a little choppy on the lower time frames because we're expanding so rapidly in the higher time frames you know we'll come down sweep out the range and then expand and then everybody's waiting for us to come down here we might we might not a lot of times you won't you'll just see that that consolidation and expansion so with bitcoin i'm kind of just chilling but
i'm using this as a tool for alts so we've been trading alts pretty heavy on the the private discord we caught a nice equity play and some people took it on um futures with different levels they used um but there's a 32 move and um what was it
Eight days, so you know for equity that's it's really good That was a nice trade we took in the discord and then we've got some other so there by don't give out all of them just because It's not fair to the people that are in the private server, but
Yeah, so let's look at gold gold's another setup that's starting to move pretty rapidly or other Asset I should say it's moving pretty rapidly now in the long time you can go back to these time when we were right around here go back to my streams around Mid-november I've been telling you guys these don't we're going to these range eyes and that's not changed and here's another great example of Distro accumulation manipulation distribution, so we have this massive range here
All right, get all these lows and we come down under this and look how aggressively we come out
Do you see this coming back down? And I got burnt like this. I wanted to see a retrace down to a discount here. Didn't happen. All right, barely tapping that trade value gap. Expansion. So this is pretty clear higher timeframe bias for me. And this is, when you get these accelerated energetic moves, you're not always going to see those discount movements. And this is why understanding bias and liquidity is very important. Because if we are drawing towards something above us,
you know you're just looking for an entry to get in when it's this clear if i'm looking this on a one minute chart i'm looking to probably get long around this area right here so what i'm going to do um for gold i'm just going to clean this chart up is i like this fair value gap right here now what i want to see here is bullish price action on the um
Lower time frame specifically like a four hour. I got lower than the weekly I shouldn't say lower to confusing you guys, but I like this zone So what I'm gonna do and I'm not gonna trade down into it just because my My game so to speak a day trading is the indices So I'm not gonna stray away from that I kind of did with forex for a little bit and I just get better results just focusing on what I'm best at
But once I get these very high-quality higher timeframe setups You know sure you could trade down into this but um, you know once we get down into this area I want to look for some potential swings up to this these range highs So definitely be on the lookout for that zone Gold just been up only lately China's buying up tons of gold a lot of banks are buying up gold a chart saying buy gold
Now, I would like to see a little bit of a tiny retracement to clear out some. And that's what you'll get. You'll get these moves. And you really don't even see tons of people getting cleared out. You just see short-term liquidity rates into points of interest, expansion. Short-term liquidity rate into point of interest, expansion. You see what I mean? So, that's what I got my eyes on for gold. Let me look at some of these comments.
SMT do the two points need to be within a certain time span to be valid for you same session day week or whatever Yeah, definitely. So, you know, you want to see it happening at the same time So like let's just say you have DXY and it's making a lower low
and you have the euro and you know you should be making a higher high on the euro and you don't you can expect and pair with your other analysis that we're going to get some form of move off of that but that needs to happen at the same time because the whole idea of smart money technique or smart money divergence whatever
you want to call it SMT, is that we're looking for manipulation. So if we have one asset making a move and then an asset that is correlated with it is not reciprocating that move, that would...
be indicative of manipulation. So if you see, or you can use a benchmark asset. So let's say we have Bitcoin and it makes a lower low. And then we have maybe some kind of lower timeframe, bullish price action here. And then you see ETH and it doesn't make a lower low. You can say that this is manipulation and you can expect up movement from both. And there's two different ideologies behind which one to trade.
i like trading the one that did make a lower low because if i'm looking at like you know i trade off manipulation so i want to be involved in the manipulation some people will say that this asset's stronger because it didn't make a lower low but um just back testing on whatever you trade and you know see what you like the best um do i find any value from the crypto peer screen it's funny you said that i actually recently had looked at it i mean i'm sure there is but you know 1 000 bonk usdp but uh
I mean, to be honest, I don't really see it. For me, I know you could probably because you can change filters, but if I'm going to do something like this, I'll just use Masari. The only thing I ever do that with is whenever, let's say if the market is really looking like it wants to run, I look at coins with higher market caps that are beating down the worst. That was kind of how I got Filecoin. I was looking around and I said, okay, market's looking really good.
let's look at some coins that aren't just shit coins because if you just if you just filter it by you know the worst loss year to date or worst loss in the last x amount of months you're going to get a bunch of like you know luna type ftt stuff but if you look at something that's still you know a semi blue chip project but it's beaten down and the market looks like it's going to pump i think that's the that's the only abuse that i've had of it um i'm sure there are other ways to use it though that people
can change the settings better than i can but that's how i've used it um so ahmed i uh talked about bitcoin just a couple minutes ago but we can take a look at ethereum basically bitcoin bullish overall expect small retracements but oh we tapped it well oh yeah i was on vacation i was like how the did i miss this well that that worked out nicely um this was the announcement we gave on stream last week i think it was on twitter too but
We'll go over why I thought that. And this is a good example of whenever we're near and drawn liquidity. So if you see this right here, we're pushing up, breaking structure, displacement tells us what.
that we're reaching higher. What are we reaching towards? Liquidity. What do we have right here? Liquidity. So easy drawing liquidity because the market's telling you right here, I'm reaching upwards. What are we reaching upwards to? Were there a bunch of stops right here? Probably not. What about right here? Probably not. But right here, everybody's getting stopped out. So the market's telling you it wants to go somewhere and take stops by doing this. You identify where it's going by looking at where stop losses are likely to be. If you were a short,
where would you be where would your stop loss be and then you look for the nearest fair value gap once we're that close to a drawn liquidity you're not going to always see you know uh if you draw a fib on the daily and look for a retracement to a discount you're just simply not gonna see it a lot of times um but that's why where i had gotten that um analysis from but i was on vacation wasn't trading wasn't able to trade it um
We're still pretty bullish here. If I look at this, I like this candle right there. So I'm going to send an alert for it. And the reason why I like that candle is it took liquidity. Let's send an alert for the WIC. But if we look, it came down and it took out all these lows right here.
Well, I closed under these lows. So this candle took it up, but this candle closed under it. So whenever I see that I like to To watch price action. I'm not just gonna trade off that I want to see an entry model in that area on like a 15 minute to trade off of it But again, we did just take out these highs. So, you know, we want to be pretty picky with what we're trading at that area. So with the theorem I look on the weekly chart
I like bitcoins sharp better to be honest because You know if I look at Bitcoin This is a better displaced move right here. That's an
That's a nice closure above you know pretty big push and we close nice above and if we look at this if you You know, we were talking about strong highs and weak lows and strong, you know that the high that created a new low And while it's not always necessary in lower time frame entries, you know, I like to see it on the higher time frame So we closed above that level that tells me that we're moving back up now where to you know for using the
Weekly structure, you know you would be looking for some pretty crazy targets, but
You know, that'd be the external structure for me. I don't want something like this. Here's COVID lows. All time highs in the first time. New lows, new highs. And then, you know, why isn't this a swing structure? Well, because this didn't create any new lows. So until here, you know, all this is one price leg. So, you know, if you want to be a moon boy about it, you know, you look for a return to a premium, which is like 42K. Now, I'm not going to sit here and tell you it's going there.
I'm not going to trade based off that, but it does give me enough of a bias to look for liquidity along the way. So that's why the low hanging fruit for me is 25K. I think the economy, and again, like I said earlier, everybody's bearish and we don't necessarily have to always be the inverse of that, but you want to keep that in mind. So one step at a time.
You know, 25K, if we hold above that strongly and we don't get this, what we're talking about, I'd say next thing you're going for is a 30K. But again, don't be like Casper said Bitcoin or 30K because it's not what I'm saying. I'm saying I think we're going to get a 25K and then we reassess. And it's important to do that and not just get like, you know, wrapped up in the...
the long-term targets and You know shoot for the stars swing to the fences type thing. So Okay, let's see any crypto position I could enter right now I mean we've been given a bunch of signals in the private discord But I gave you any of those would be unfair to everybody that's in there. I would be watching, you know, high-value alts See there was
Yeah, I would just be watching high-value alts, and you can use the narrative I'm giving you guys to, you know, plot out some entries, Enigma. Alpha and BNB. Alpha, I've been waiting for, I don't know if I'm, yeah, never happened. I was watching in this area, I wanted to travel down lower, but the weekly chart on alpha looks really good. As far as, you know, for at least some form of a retrace. Now,
Well, if we close a week where we're at here, that's even more bullish. But what I like is we kind of had this change of character type pattern or market structure shift in the weekly. And that tells me we're traveling back up higher. So I think overall the target for alpha B 1849. Now daily is moving pretty rapidly up above that. You know, if we close a day here, then I'm just looking for, you know, the first half opportunity we get in a fair value gap to trade into that. All right. That's what I would look for. I can't say I'll be watching it, but.
Overall, super bullish. I think it's in distribution mode chasing after this liquidity up here. Now, if we get some kind of massive reversal here and we don't get a closure above this high or these highs, that would be pretty bearish. But, I mean, that would be a massive move to the downside. You know, it's always possible, but I think that we're going to take out this right here, this low resistance run on liquidity.
So BNB was the next one, right? Yeah. And then near. So BNB, on the other hand, this is giving not the greatest signal above these highs. BNB, it just doesn't really look the greatest. We came there and made a new low over here on an internal level. And we're just failing to close above these, this high right here.
We met a target that I wanted to see happen right there. So let's just look at the whole weekly chart on BNB. And let's go to the non-perk chart. So if I look at the entire chart, so to speak, we never really went to a bearish range on the weekly. If we just go like this and go to COVID lows, that's really your range in my opinion.
You know, we came down here and took out this low and moved pretty nicely off of it But it's just not getting that energetic move that I would want to see you know, too Because this would be the high that made this low and you see we candle shelf right off of it. So Really for me, I want to get a closure above that on the weekly before I say anything super bullish I think we're kind of in a little consolidation. That's burned a lot of people out, you know When we cat that FTX price we had rush up into this order block
And then pretty massive push down. So after that massive push down, we came down here and came up. And if you see, we're still failing to displace even above these highs. So nothing really major for me. This was a target I wanted to see on BNB and it's hit it. But this isn't one I'd be trading a lot personally, just for my style, because I'm not, I don't have a very clear, confident bias in this. And it also kind of counterintuitive everything else. So I look at it like, okay.
You know, yes, we came out and took liquidity into a discount in a higher timeframe, but we haven't got any displacement off of it. So I'm not necessarily want to short because of that. And also my, you know, bias with the rest of crypto. If I was going to short though, this would be a coin I'd be watching. You know, maybe if the four hour gave some displacement down, that would be a good head short for any other longs or anything like that. But again, we've got equal lows here, the fair value gap and order block.
You know so it's Go either way this one knows where I'm you know more Would be just not looking at I think that uh You're better off watching stuff that has more direction
now you you know anybody else your strategy might be different you might say you have bias or clear bias and if that's the case then go for it i'm not telling you how to trade it if your system's telling you to but for me if you want my analysis i'm kind of like you know now i've seen it near you know this one's i mean it's coming off this nicely so you know structuring this i'd say like here here
Let's say your structure on near a weekly level is this right here
You've got that ship telling us we want to go back up. Where are we going back? Liquidity most likely or at least something in a premium. So near has got some room to run 3.44 is really the first buy side that I see near a premium So and a lot of people are gonna try to short right there so I could see a push up there now not only getting the Cleanest price action here, you know, yeah, we're getting some displacement one thing you could watch is a
Like this candle right here. So Reason like that it took that liquidity from this candle closed under it And it's also at the fill of a fair value gap. So what I'm gonna do is I will
I'd watch there that came up for our candle and from there if we you know, we serve that Sorry that daily candle and if there we get like a four hour or even a one hour if it's enough displacement entry You could look to maybe take some swings up into this and I'd be partially out because again Anytime you're trading counter trend, you know If we're using the weekly as our narrative and then we're using the daily to refine and the four hour to enter And you always gonna be operating in the context of your narrative timeframe So if you're bearish in the narrative and you're playing a retracement
you're oftentimes going to get a more choppy move overall and you want to take partials more aggressively you have to trade accordingly and your trade management should be different if you're trading counter trend a lot of plans that they don't even trade counter trend which it's arguable which is better
You know, you can say, okay, well, I get more trades trading counter trend and I understand price. And that may be true. But there's also the argument that, you know, you should just be patient for the big moves that, you know, trade with the trend.
I think for day trading, you can trade either way, but swing trading sometimes is a little more difficult to do whenever you're moving against the higher timeframe. Even though, okay, the higher timeframe is telling us it wants to pull back into a premium, especially with all coins, you're not gonna always get that picture-perfect textbook retracement price action. So you just gotta always gotta operate in that context. So maybe you could use that as a bias, like, okay, we're reaching higher.
But if I get, you know, like a four hour, one hour entry somehow in here and I can get two or three hours of it, maybe just cut it or however you do it. But overall, I would wait for a pushback down to this candle. You might not get it, but that's what I would look for.
okay Bitcoin already did Bitcoin you can rewind it it's probably in the first I don't know 15 or 20 minutes but we did Bitcoin basically looking for higher prices but you could see it's small retracements to stop at lower time frame logs
Is there is a narrative to turn by structure on a higher time frame? Yeah, or I mean, you know higher time frame just means higher time frame than what you're on So let's say if you're trading intraday, you could use the one hour to build your narrative along with the daily But basically your narrative is built off of your structure displacement and liquidity. So, you know if you have a
And you have structure. Let's just have to pick the picture. You have some equal highs. Price is coming down. And then you get this big push up, right, with displacement. Let's say this was one big candle. Or maybe not one big candle. A couple big candles that left the fair value gap. And then also we have a breaker block right here. So, you know, your structure here is bullish. Your liquidity, if you're looking, you've got some liquidity here. You've got a lot of liquidity here. So you've got a reason to go up. That would be your drawn liquidity.
then you start to use that displacement to confirm that you know a bigger fish is at play it's we get those big undeniable moves that you know we're buying up these stops here maybe we came into a higher time frame point of interest and that is how you build that narrative and maybe this is the daily time frame maybe it's a four-hour time frame but you know you're just trying to get in at these areas these higher lows so you can then target the
you know draw on liquidity and take parcels along the way so you know if you're trading this you know the the the more close you are to the initial smart money reversal the better you know because you're gonna have a smaller stop loss and you're able to use a stop loss that if it hits the trade idea is wrong now if you miss it and you just trade off of each
Displacement like let's say you had a displacement break structure that second one and you missed this entry Well, yeah, you can trade off of these entries and put your stop loss under here or leave it here If you leave it here you have a stop loss that's placed somewhere if price goes there your idea was wrong But your wrist rewards lower now if you trade with stop loss here, you might get better risk reward, but there's a chance that price Instead of moving up and I can clear that out
and then we'll still go up because until you take out that high resistance running liquidity or the lowest low in that manipulation then you know the idea is still valid so i know it's kind of a spin-off from what you asked but hopefully that helped um cody let's do that for your johnny wire it's a usdt chart yeah it's been railing huh honestly pretty weird chart the monthly
and pretty big monthly order block here the weekly is not the clearest I mean you came up push down and I would have liked this candle more just because it came up you know pause this order blocking and blast through it but it seems like this whole that monthly order block was a nice range and again it's the same as these other coins been watching got this
Really with Caudi, I would say this is more your range. Just because if you come here, you can't make that new high. We're not going to use this because this low didn't take that. So it's all operating within the old structure. The old structure would have been this.
So until you take out that structure, you don't have new structure on an external level. So again, I don't want to inspire any degeneracy, but once we get... And again, it's all counter trend. We've taken some liquidity out. The weekly looks like a nice little power of three.
And once we get that change of character right there that market structure ship We have price making lower lows lower high lower low higher high or closing above it especially because a candle like this Then you know you can start to look for price drawing to liquidity up side to the upside now I'm not trying to inspire anybody to to watch for 34 cents, but that's kind of the chart says But you know again, I would just use it as a bias tool and look for
you know more low-hanging fruit so to speak like something like this um this actually looks really good this looks super good i don't really said this is the whole range right there yeah this looks nice it's actually i'm gonna add this to my list
that's the difference between like this coin and then like BNB where I look at this I'm like okay like I have a pretty clear bias like I want to see this taken out you know these highs can all be targeted so you know anything along the way to me can be targeted so all of these areas are kind of magnets that I think price is drawing to so you know if I'm looking at pricing that
Context and I can look at you know the four hour to maybe build some long ideas Things that nature. This isn't a soup the cleanest price action. Yeah, oops I'm right here
And again, we're not expecting necessarily the most clean retraces, but I'll keep an eye on this one to maybe get some form of entry. I like this fair value gap right here, because it's not the breakaway gap, and it was the one that took structure. So if we do get some kind of retrace into that, that would be where I'd really like to see a reversal. So what I'll do is I'll set an alert for that. I'll still keep an eye on it, but I like that overall.
Yeah, I like this chart. Grabbing my grandma's credit card max margin. Yeah, ADA, it is ADA coin. I think it's for payments. I like Cotty Fundamentals, to be honest. I remember in the bull run, we used to murder that HUD. I don't know if HUD's in here, but he used to go crazy on this coin. Another thing I saw today, audio, I think they got a Coinbase listing.
Or they they have rumors that they're gonna have a massive I forgot about this coin take the decentralized SoundCloud We close above this that would be pretty bullish in the week Jesus Christ Is that the USDT charter, okay, I'm on 30 20 on news always coincides with these These levels, isn't it? Just delete that I like this candle right here
I'm going to look at that on a daily and see what I can find in there. We see we already kind of reacted off of this. Golfed it, traded off of it very nicely. So what I would like to see is a pushback down here. Now, I don't know if the alert's going to work because trading view is annoying. Crossing down. I'll probably just ding right now. I'll see. I like that breaker right there.
it's also the weekly whip i like something in this zone if we can get back down there you know if especially we close a week above this um maybe to long up into these because there's a lot of shorts going to be here i don't know how much this coin is really traded but we've got a lot of we took out some travel on liquidity already we've got a lot of shorts up in this region right here
um for uh dana and can i explain cells sibby and busy honestly it's so annoying how ict started it's just fair value gaps i don't know he's just made a new he's called him that before in the older stuff but it's just a bearish or a bullish fair value gap
It's another way to make everything sound more complicated. Valid supply and demand zones. Order block, supply and demand, buy to sell, sell to buy, it's all really the same thing. Order block theory is a little different in terms of how you mark them and what you require. Valid to you could mean valid or can mean not valid to someone else. What I like to see is a zone that takes liquidity, specifically closes beyond it.
and causes a shift in structure with displacement. Some people would use any down kick closed candle that causes a break of structure. There's a lot of different ways you can do it, but it's basically just the...
If we're in a downward trending market, it's the up move that causes the break structure down. So this whole move would be your supply zone or your order block. Or in a bullish zone, it would be the down move that causes the up move. And this whole zone would be your supply zone or order block. A lot of different names for the same thing. The idea behind it is that if smart money is getting, if we're targeting here, or smart money is targeting here, and the market's moving, they're going to induce people to a false narrative, so to speak.
And we're going to get a trade price moving upwards. And once we trade back into that zone, you can use your lower timeframes to identify the same price action or just trade directly off of them. There's different ways you can use them or use them as draws on liquidity. However, but that's just, that's the way that I would explain that. Raven, that bullet shorter ball got annihilated. I don't know where that was from, but oh yeah, that didn't work out. So let's see.
It doesn't look bad overall, but at the same time, this isn't one I'd probably be trading too, too much. I mean, I don't know, actually. It doesn't look terrible. I would say this is your structure. Let me look at the other chart. Or is this just the, might be the other chart. No, no, here we go. It's important to always, if you're looking like weeklies, I recommend using the USDT chart just because the per chart can trick you. And you might get your structure wrong on a higher time frame.
So, I mean, I know this is a mining point. A lot of people that used to mine Ethereum mine this. It's like similar mining process. So we're reacting to this weekly fair value gap pretty nice. Yeah, push under it. Had a three tap price action. I've came back down to these levels, taken out the liquidity and are expanding upwards pretty nice. Actually, more, I look at this chart, it looks actually really good.
relatively relatively equal highs here here and here weekly also got a daily also got a little somewhat of a accumulation right here district per I wouldn't really caught that we stayed down there for too long but um overall I mean you're taking out lows and breaking high so that tells me you know you're bullish overall so to speak
I'm actually going to set an alert here. Here's an example. Stealthy. So for instance, this would be the whole zone I'd be looking at. This whole zone, right? You're going to look at it like that. Or you could look at the candle that takes out liquidity, which would be this candle right here. Because it took that low. And then expanded from there. So in this example, I'm just going to use this right here.
So I would wait until price comes down there and the lower timeframes, like a four hour or one hour, since I'm looking on a daily chart, go bullish. You know, I would be looking at a potential long in that area. Yeah, I like that. Because we came up above this area right here. Now, depending on, am I, you know, end up moving this area up? Like for instance, we just blasted through all this. I would mark this zone the same.
Lot of sorts would get wrecked this happening. This is a pretty massive move, but you know Never say never don't degen to it, but Just hitting the chart. I see it. Can I explain breaker block? Yeah, so basically
In a nutshell, let's just say if you have a big push down, that last up candle before the push down, if you see it traded through, you can say that this was a stop hunt. And then you want to see price hit that and reject off of it. Now, ways you can complement that is if there's a fair value gap inside of it. That's the only time I really like using them. And I've been adding that in my style a little bit more recently. So you want to see a fair value gap inside of the breaker block.
Okay, I'm getting behind on some of these Litecoin and Link. Litecoin, not much has changed since yesterday. But I would be looking at...
We like to see if I would want it or if I was going to short this I would want to see a displacement out of these lows So until then really nothing. I mean, we've got this daily bullish price swing. Yes, our overall structure Pretty nice order for here. I mean just making clean Upwards moves in price. I've got the high resistance run on liquidity not once but twice So it's that three drive price action on the one or four hour right here one two three Not the cleanest, but you know if we get displacement
under this low then i would potentially look to short maybe down into some of these lows here until then i'm not you're not going to force anything i think this is another coin like bnb where i would just chill on it now if you're day trading it there's probably going to be more opportunities you know you might be looking at this order block to trade off of and to these highs whatever it is you do if you're day trading it's different i'm not saying there's no trades but i'm saying for me since i'm primarily swing trading alts and um you know day trading indices um you know i'm just waiting but
You know for instance if you come out and take down these lows In the one minute it's not looking too bad You maybe could have traded something in this area back to a premium of this which kind of already hit it wouldn't been the best risk reward But you know there's a lot of different opportunities you can have if you start looking at Whatever time frame that is relative to your trading style as a narrative time frame for instance You know if you're a day trader using the one hour like a daily chart in the sense of being what are we drawing to can be super valuable
trade change the amount of opportunities you have um massively uh link we're getting pretty close the stream ending so i might not get to every single one of these but i'm going to uh to try also i really appreciate that uh med said i can um open the donate option on youtube it's fine i don't want you guys to donate anything to me i appreciate it though but that's that's honestly dope of you to say that but save it bro there's no no need i really appreciate it though
Now This is something I've been watching for a while. It's just this this massive fucking range that it's just like barcoding and To me, it's like on the daily time frame. It's like I just want to see something get ran but overall I would lean bullish. You've got this massive liquidity pool resting above these highs so
we're kind of just using my bias and the rest of crypto and we did take out this low immediate breaking structure right there you know if you can maybe get a retrain it's just that you know this is another chart where it's not really the the clearest but you're failing to displace both these highs so it's not not super strong where we're at right now from you know what i would use to determine that
But, yeah, I would weigh it on it personally. This is another one where it's like, you know, there's a bunch of liquidity here. There's liquidity here. And unlike most of crypto, you know, we haven't, you know, we're just still in this range. We're still traveling around this range that we've been in for, you know, six months. So it's like, to me, this is just, this is where you get burned up.
I don't look at this one, I think. No, maybe I did. Never mind. I don't remember. Okay, so nice breaker block here. I guess we must map this out. I don't remember this, but I actually think my memory's starting to come to me. I think we were talking about this being the draw. Yeah, okay, so weekly time frame's bullish.
We came into a discount, into this order block, higher resistance run on liquidity, displacement up, trade in the fair value gap, push to the upside. So I think we're drawing towards this high. And this is where the daily is in distribution mode, and we might not get those clear retracements down to a discount. So I would look at this like, you know, price already came into this breaker block, so it came and took those stops, moved with displacement off of it.
Came back down to this region and now we're pushing up. So if I were a trader in this, the clear draw is this 95159. I think that's an FXCM. This high. I mean, just whatever that is in your chart. I think that's the draw on the higher timeframes. Now if we look at this four hour, it's a little sketch as far as long as just because you took this out. I can see that. So we came down and took that out.
You know, I mean, I would be more bullish on this. And yes, the four hour is bearish and we're not getting nice closure above that. So it's not only the highest probability set up where we're at, but if we look at the one hour, you know, we got a nice close above that. This place went up, retrace fair value gap, push up, close above it. So what I would do here
I mean really we got that one hour breaker block inside and this is a good example We just talked about one hour breaker block inside this fair value gap right there
Yeah, I would be bullish on this. It's a little bit more of a ballsy call, I guess I'd say. But if we get a five-minute displacement break above these highs or above any short-term high, it's kind of a weird time of day for this. I'm not sure how this pair trades during New York. I mean, it's got CAD, so it probably trades well. If you get a displacement break structure of this, I would look to maybe trade upwards into this high and leave a small runner.
This is my favorite chart you've shown me though. Not a leaky. Okay. Euro, dollar, and that's the last one we're going to do. I haven't really been watching the euro as much lately. Overall though, still nothing's changed really since last time. We've got these daily equal highs right here. That's what we're drawing to. That's the higher time frame draw. All this right here. You got that weekly order block just above it. So if I'm a euro trader, I'm looking to... This actually doesn't look bad though.
refine that maybe a 15 minute this actually looks really good i would um maybe trade off that so i'm gonna say watch so i'm just a breakdown on why if i look at the daily and the weekly we're drawing toward these highs i'm pretty confident that we came above these equal highs we're not really seeing that that reversal yet that could change but um if i look at the
So if we look at the for and also I think there's price and diverge kind of the pound due to some news is seen so lower low on the pound No, low on your direction. Never mind. Sorry. Never mind. I thought there's gonna be a S&T. There's not maybe there is on a different Different lower timeframe. Let's see
Yeah, still nothing. Okay. So, um, nevermind. No SMT. I was expecting it to be some, but you know, if you notice, we come down and take the low. This candle closes under liquidity and then gets engulfed, right? Front run it right here.
So this would be the inducement, so to speak. You get maybe a push up here and then come down and take that liquidity. The five minute goes bullish, preferably in session. Like I wouldn't let this happen today. But maybe in London tomorrow or New York, if you get some bullish price action in this zone, I would take trades just all the way up. Take some profits at whatever liquidity you've created between now and then or these highs up here. Overall, I'm bullish into those equal highs on the daily right there.
That's where I'm gonna end the stream though guys. I really appreciate it as always and Make sure there's no questions. Oh wait, no
Oh, Topher Gopher. So this stream is running on YouTube. This is the Discord. The people that are asking these questions are on YouTube, the YouTube chat. But you're in the right area. If you want to ask questions, ask them in here. And Trader John John thoughts on ES. If you want to watch the beginning of the video, it'll be a little bit more detailed. But overall, I still like the same draw.
just these equal highs or even these highs here. Not really getting that yet. I would wait for 130 to maybe get a push under this low or under these lows and maybe watch for some bullish price action. If we don't get that, I wouldn't look to short personally, but I would look for displacement maybe down under this or down under this. So this level right here I like, which is 40, 20, 25 on the one minute. That's that order block that closed under liquidity refined from that five minute.
Or if you maybe get it pushed down under this. Again, this, I don't see this one probably being it. Could be. But, you know, what you want to see is that entry model. And you could even just target any of this. Or that draw I gave earlier, which is that 40, I think it's like 4038, right? Yeah, 4038. But if you don't get any reaction under these levels or at them, no dice. Oh, yeah, I appreciate you too, Topher Gopher.
Yeah, awesome. I appreciate you guys as always for those of you on YouTube I will be live again on next Tuesday Everybody in the discord will be live every day this week till Thursday and then we'll have our private class on Saturday Which will be a little bit more directed, you know class format If you guys want to get a free trial and join us for that you can use the link in the description with code Casper all caps So it gets you a free seven days and a discount if you do decide to stay that's where we post trade signals
and have more private streams and private classes. And that's not just for me. It's from Bitcoin Playboy, from Glacier, from Robby, from a ton of people. So if you trade options, there's a lot of option signals. And then I mainly give the futures and Forex and crypto. So hope to see you guys in there. If not, I'll see you next Tuesday. Peace.
