what's good so um pretty wild week ahead of us um it's gonna be definitely one that's gonna be interesting so i want to start off by saying um make sure if if you are trading this week just be very picky and don't stray from your your plan and this is not the week to uh to
Stray from your risk management and also something I want to make everybody aware of especially when you're trading on these funded broker or funded firms or Meta trader linked brokers. You really got to be careful with slippage I've had some horror stories told to me specifically people at true Forex funds and other Even not firms just you know brokers that you know, you might have a stop loss and Price will rush you know 40 or 50 pips past that you can lose the account what a lot of stuff can happen So just be mindful of that
So just to give some insight on the title, why I said that we're going to have a pretty wild week and all these different events. This is all the high impact events. I think I just had it filtered for just high impact. So a ton of stuff going on. So really, I'm focusing on the US dollar. As you guys know, I focus primarily on index future markets.
the Sorry, my phone is over here, but the
There's high impact news across the board. So the ones that I'm going to be focusing on are going to be CPI, the FOMC, and we have the federal funds rate. So there's more to it than just FOMC. This is a very important FOMC meeting because Jerome Powell spoke about how he's considering, or at least he said that a slowdown in rate hikes was on the table. Does not mean they're going to do it. We all know that they love to manipulate everything. Everything that they say.
is always very conveniently coinciding with levels that we find on the charts. And you never know what's going to happen. So don't go out here and try to bet the farm that you're going to be correct. So what's up, Chapo? I just saw you in chat. So yeah, just be very mindful. That day is going to be a no trade day for me as far as the afternoon goes. Now, usually you'll see a pretty dead morning up until the FOMC.
We got CPI tomorrow 830 can be pretty crazy, but at least it gets out of the way before the market is open
And then we also have retail sales on Thursday. And then Friday is what we have called a quad witching. So basically it's in a nutshell, a lot of different contracts, futures contracts and options, and a lot of different derivative contracts are all expiring on the same day. It's the end of the quarter. So you guys see how here I'm using ESZ after Friday, if you see right here.
Let's see. Oh, I'm already right here on the weekly. On Friday, the contract expires. So do a lot of options. A ton of money is going to be getting moved around that day and all week. So it's going to be a pretty wild week.
um not saying you shouldn't or should trade it i'm just giving you guys that insight so i didn't trade this morning i actually barely got back in time to do the stream i've been um out of my uh office at the house all morning handling something but i'm looking back as soon as i sat down those that are in the private class know i mean this is exactly what we're talking about so very good um structure as far as time and price goes here with the s p today we have
consolidation I'm after the Asian ranges and we come down take the lows out of the My cats in here fucking shit up. I just popped a book Sorry about that scared the shadow. So we have this push down taking out all these lows subsequent expansion and What I did was I went on the I think it was either the five minute or the 15. Let's see Yeah, he's a five minute or another 15 minute and I drew a fib from the highest close
to the lowest close um or the lowest close to the highest close of the expansion that happened pre-market so the reason that holds relevance is that's what we call the london expansion if we are indeed going to continue up towards a draw which i think that the drug could have been this four hour order block or even higher but again you guys know i like low-hanging fruit so i'm looking at it like okay price came up after 8 30 we rated down into the uh optimal trade entry fair value gap
Have a look to see if there was a very clear entry. Yeah, it seems like there was So you got that shift right here. Yeah, I wouldn't have probably played. This is a shift personally I wouldn't have done that And you could have got an entry right here or in this area right here in the prime entry You know low-hanging fruits is gonna be the highs we made this morning a lot of equal highs up here Or you could have went for this for our order block now the reason I like this for our order block is if we're looking at price From an order flows perspective we see
um price came up we took out all this buy side took those equal highs started to massively move down so we see you know massive displacement break of structure you know what sponsored that this order block price traded up took the liquidity from it and we still push down i know you might be like oh how is the how is that a good order block if if um you know price traded through it you know you could say that this larger candle was the order block the main moral of the story is that order flow is bearish so we're kind of tracing the water flow
We have some inefficient price action up here in this imbalance that I think could be targeted during some of the massive news this week. We'll see that this zone looks overall interesting to me. But what I will say is we have a lot of liquidity built up under these lows. So as we come back down, we kind of haul in this fair value gap, move up a little bit, another push down.
Now we don't have to move back up to this fair value gap or this liquidity void up here. There's nothing that's set in stone. So price traded up into this order block, just tapped into the wick down here and this fair value gap and price immediately rushed away from it. We came down, we took out this low, but it was kind of like a lick rate. So when I look at this and I'm kind of developing bias, I see we took the low, but this isn't the kind of low or the kind of move that I want to use.
I don't consider displacements because it's, you know, price reached down, took the low, but when we traded right into this order block and took it, we could just be taking liquidity and then going for buy side liquidity. So, you know, cause we know that if we are going to continue to be bullish, you know, as we had this little push up, you would want to see price trade into an order block, take out liquidity and then expand up. We didn't get that. So we have an order block right here, right? Cause we hit that kind of pushed up.
And we failed to continue that bullish narrative and push down with the close on Friday. So if we go into one hour, kind of refine this, you also have a...
Big nice one-hour candle that you know, this is more of an ICT order block the highest volume candle Highest volume means meaning highest distance from open to close biggest body so lines up perfectly with that level and You can see the price traded right into this morning So whenever you're developing an intraday draw and not the overall drawing liquidity for the week or what price is moving towards in the bigger picture you want to be I
you say this a lot, you guys get tired of me saying it, but low hanging fruit. Now what I see right here is a potential little three drive. It's lunch hour. I probably won't trade it until after 1.30. If I do trade a day, I will be watching the market, but we push up, push up again. So we get those three little points, right? So one, two, potential three drives. So one hour or one minute's not really showing.
What I would want, I want to see a close, display some of that low to confirm that we are going to go lower. We are at the framework where you would look for that. But again, until we get bearish structure and displays on the downside, you never know exactly what zone is going to reverse. So that's kind of just a little recap on S&P for the day. MC asks, what is the difference between a fair value gap and a volume imbalance? So a fair value gap is this right here. So we have the gap that's going to be
One candle then we have in a massive expansion candle where the wicks don't touch so reason it's people call inefficiencies or
um imbalances is because price likes to be efficient it likes to you know have efficient price action for instance you know this is efficient price action you see this wix touch it fills in that gap all the orders um and were filled in all sides of liquidity were offered so we have a massive expansion like this price will oftentimes gravitate back into this zone because there are still orders remaining there and only one side of liquidity was being offered you know we are just going for this low the market wasn't trading efficiently so
Think of it like a magnet. Price is oftentimes going to go back into those zones. Now, a volume imbalance, and I'll pull up DXY to show you guys an example of this. Volume imbalance is basically a gap, an opening gap. They don't have to be opening gaps, but just a gap between the bodies. So that's a volume imbalance.
You know, that's kind of a term that was coined by ICT. It's really just a fucking gap. But I use that term just because it's going to speak to you guys more of what I'm saying. But really, I mean, you know, people who tried retail use those. So there's nothing wrong with that. And I don't want to say retail in a negative way. I hate when that's one thing I don't like about smart money. It is like trying to like, you know, down talk other strategies. But.
Um, yeah. So now another thing that I do want to talk about really quick, the, um, divergence between the bonds and the dollar. So I want you guys to notice right here on the dollar, it looks like we're trying to put in a higher low. Now that'll be confirmed if we close this daily candle with a higher low than this candle and Friday's candle. So if the dollar is making higher lows like this,
We should see bonds making lower highs. So whenever we're talking about the bond market, I don't trade it, but it's a good tool to see basically what large institutions are anticipating in the terms of short term, midterm and long term Fed Reserve stances on interest rates. So, for instance, if.
If we see a bearish dollar or bearish divergence on the dollar, we can be a little bit more inclined to say, okay, well, maybe larger institutions that are more well-equipped or well-connected to make a decision on what interest rates are going to do, we can see what they're anticipating. So here on the dollar, right here, we have a higher low. And if we go right here to the...
10-year notes, we have a higher high. So this is the midterm tool. I don't know why there's two lines. Midterm tool as far as in terms of what you'd use it for. So we have basically what this is showing is that bonds have a bearish divergence. If we see a higher high here on bonds and it's normal, we should see the inverse asset make a lower low. We did not. So with that being said,
If we confirm this higher low right here in the dollar and we start to see strength, that would indicate that smart money is manipulating the bonds market, right? So if they're manipulating the bonds market for buy-side liquidity and they're looking to sell bonds and move money into the dollar, that can be indicative that we're to see more pain, basically, more bearishness.
something i just wanted to share with you guys if you guys want to watch a very detailed video on that go back to um it's called will the markets recover 2022 it's on the youtube we called i mean literally um i hate to i never like be like oh i called it but we really did call the entire rally right here from july i think the video was july 6th it was somewhere right here july 6th or 7th and we said that the market was going to be bullish and that was when everybody was saying the market was bearish and i did that by
A correlation of monthly levels on all three indices and the SMT divergence with the bonds market and the dollar. So it's a very valuable tool. So that's also to be in mind. Seems like we're reacting off that very nice. And these three drive patterns usually play out pretty well if you can get confirmation. Those lows might be nice target. Also started watching the VIX. A lot of smart money people don't watch the...
Holy fuck, massive gap. The volatility index, but this is a good inverse a lot of times. An inverse tool. Massive gap up. Look at the weekly chart here. So, and the volatility index got a pretty clear draw, I think. You know, we took out, and this is a very good example. And I haven't tested price action techniques on this pair that much. I mean, it seems, you know, there's not really anything I have tested that it doesn't work. Sometimes it's a little sloppier than others. But if you see, we took the sell side.
So now usually price, if it forms a swing low, it's going to try to revert and go back up into a premium. And we have a fair body gap in a premium, pretty clean draw as far as the weekly goes. A lot of highs built up under that as far as the daily goes as well. But this going up would mean the stock market going down. Now again, this week is going to be extremely volatile, extremely low probability most of the time.
That doesn't mean you're not going to make money. Some people kill it, whatever. Some people have strategies for trading news. I'm not one of those people. I will be watching the markets, but I'm going to be very picky. Especially the stock market specifically. I'll recap a trade we took in the Discord on FTM.
Um, it was very simple why I took this. So we see this displays on the downside with the FTM crash or the FTX crash. And, um, you know, once we get this kind of price action, you know, that's telling us price is seeking down towards something. Now I know that, uh, FTX or FTM kind of going to keep fucking that up. FTM has already been hammered down, but if you look.
We've got a very clear drawn liquidity in my opinion all these equal lows right here and this major sell-side liquidity from before the bull run of the second bull run of crypto and that was when FTX or FTM really shined so You know whenever we're looking at that low and we're building up all these lows right here between it It's kind of like Bitcoin how it was before we took out the lows
you know, in that sense right there. So pretty similar in my opinion. Now that was the overall of higher timeframe draw and the four hour, or I'm sorry, the daily is now telling us, you know, that draws an effect. We're seeing bearish order flow. We have a clear target. So then we look, okay, how do we get short on this? So what I looked at, I just want to have done a four hour. I took optimal trade entry fib from the low or the high to the low. And then I started looking around that area. Now, if you look in the daily, not too, too much, except the full fill that's fair value gap.
which I don't really use full fills most of the time. I'll hop to a lower timeframe. So then I see this order block right here. So all three candles, all these bullish up-close candles when we're in a bearish market, those are considered an order block. And if price is to remain bearish, we should see price finding resistance, so to speak, at those candles. So we see price trade up in optimal trade entry. I'm watching the structure on the four hour here. Trade up once, take liquidity, consolidate.
Trade up again, take that liquidity again. So this is where you want to see a reversal. You know, if you don't see a reversal after cleaning all these highs, you know, your bias was probably wrong. So that's gonna be your long-term high. We take out the, um,
We take out the low right here with massive displacement and create another order block. So we create a short-term high and then another short-term high, short-term low, price starts moving up. And what I want to note is once we get on the lower timeframes back up in this candle, because we're tracing the order for, we're figuring out where is the next area that's likely to be sold from.
So price moves up into those areas right on the four hour. And then we hop down to a 15 minute. You can use a one hour as well. But we see a same kind of price action, that manipulation, push up into it, kind of push up. And then we see that displacement down. Now, this to me isn't displacement. I shouldn't have said displacement. We see that break of structure down. You know, we could say we see it right there because at this point, you know, this was your low that I'd be looking at. Push up.
Right. We came down. We took it. But of course, that's why I like using displacement because, yeah, so you could say, well, we took the lower bearish. We did. That's not bearish. If you don't hold that displacement, you're going to go higher. That's exactly dead. We took the high. Same thing here. Now we've got to close right here.
Took my BNB long. I'm not in a BNB long. I'm not sure exactly what you're referring to, but the I'll get to that in one second or on. I will talk about some more stuff, some more setups. So we took these.
lows right here but still that's not the best price action for me and that's not i don't want i don't see anything clear here so um price kind of rallies up consolidates more and then we come up and take liquidity one last time from this range right here take out all these highs so the lower time frame traders are getting manipulated a lot here it's also the weekend crypto likes to do that and burn people out so after we start to see that displacement down
out of that last liquidity raid we're starting to see displacement down displacement down displacement down so this is where i just got in the trade and i didn't want to get super greedy and put a stop um you know right here or right here or right here because to me the trade had good enough risk to reward without having to do that so if i can get good enough risk to reward because overall my target again remember we're pretty bearish so i could even target farther but i'm not going to swing for the fences you know tp1 was 2r
That's always, I'm always happy with two R on a trade. That's fine. Some people may have took that in full there. Some people may be holding still. And we signaled this in the Playbut Discord, or I signaled it. Now, after we get into a trade right here, you know.
I can just put my stop loss above here and I don't have to be putting it around there because for one, it's crypto and everything I take with a grain of salt. For two, it's FTM, which is a very lower cap at this point. It's probably low cap altcoin. And I don't like trying to be greedy and risk a stop out. So that was the overall trade narrative. Basically, I just saw manipulation up in this range, bearish order flow.
displays on the downside. I'm just going to look to get short because I'm very confident in the higher timeframes. Now it's already hit one target. We've already de-risked. Some people have taken a full. Again, you can manage the trades how you want, whatever's happy for you. I wouldn't be surprised to see this take out all these lows, to be quite honest, because a lot of equal lows right here. Again, those are what we're basing that higher timeframe off of.
yeah, so I did talk about BNB, but I never longed it or, you know, I, there's not, it's, I'm not going to just long it as soon as it hits into the thing. That's where you look for longs, but I'm not in a BNB long. So I want people to get confused. If I draw a zone, that doesn't mean every zone that I draw, I'm not going to just buy from it or sell from it, but it is in a good point. You know, this is a point now where I'd want the four hour to start showing some displacement to the upside. Cause just like we said earlier, um, you don't want to just,
There's a framework and then there's an execution. So just because you have a zone, you don't know if that zone is going to work or you're going to get a reaction until you pair that with structure. So just to make that very clear, if I draw a zone on my chart, that doesn't mean I'm telling you to buy or sell from it. You don't want to be too eager to get in a trade either. You want to make sure once we get into this zone, okay, now I had an alert set. Where is it?
I just deleted it actually because I deleted that line. But I had an alert set for that zone. We talked about it. But yeah, now it's like, okay, now half the battle's done. We've made it. Now I want to see displacement of the zone. Then once we come down there, I'm going to watch the lower times for the same thing. You know, it's a process. It's not like we're not just going to long off every daily zone. But I like the zone. So again, at this point, I would want to watch the four hour and I would want to get displacement taking out a short-term high. Same thing we use for the lower timeframes.
No, you're fine. I just you don't have to apologize. I just want you to understand just because like You know that would that suck if you just like I don't want to you know people to misunderstand shit and just You know be long and short and stuff
So let's look at Bitcoin. We're still in these longs. We got in kind of like the little bottom move over here. It's been two weeks now. So, you know, slow and steady wins the race. Hopefully we'll see. I will say Bitcoin doesn't look bad. I mean, I still not really much of an update for me here on Bitcoin. So it's still this order block is what I want to see. You know, it's just that simple. And that's it gets boring sometimes. And this you can see it's been two weeks. We're in this trade, you know.
it's just sometimes the way it goes. And with crypto, I wasn't trading it at all for a while because it's so sloppy intraday. So I kind of came to terms and said, hey, okay, well, I still want to trade crypto. I still want to provide as much value as I can to the group and give signals for crypto. But I don't want to sit here and burn everybody out trading the lower timeframes. So now I just trade the higher timeframes, just like we went over with FTM. That's how I would trade it. And that's how I want to do with BNB. So eyes will be on BNB though, in that zone.
Let's look at Euro. So Euro is just hanging out on this monthly level. Still just chilling. Whenever I start the week on a pair that I'm going to be trading that week, I usually just hop in and go on the weekly chart and say, okay, where is a likely point we're going to trade to? And with weekly on Euro, we are in a premium of the most recent little impulse we've made. So I'm going to hop down to a daily.
Really pretty efficient price action here. Going back to a weekly, this might be a week I don't trade Euro, to be honest, just because if I look at this, there's inefficient price action there. I don't see necessarily any reason for this. Yes, there's a fair value gap there, but usually I'm not really looking at something that's already been, we've had that consequent encroachment where you go up to the 0.5. Did it actually go to the 0.5? Let's see.
Yeah, right off of it. So I'm not really gonna pay attention to that. You know, yes, there is by side above that high You know, the weekly candle was definitely definitely drawing up But you know, we have to watch these monthly levels. We're in a weekly order or a monthly order block So we're at a pivotal level with hero. So I think it was clear. We're drying up But if anything I would probably be a little more bearish on it and would be watching this low
And the reason for that is price has traded into a premium. It's in a monthly order block. The weekly close in this kind of draw scenario, it's a doji. So basically, you know, we just consolidated there. And if we're looking at any displacement range, no matter what, except like a four hour, we're in a premium. And I mean, really in the four hour, if you want to draw it like this.
you've got a lot of lows and liquidity in a discount. So when I look at structure, if I was just a Euro trader and all I've traded, this is what I want to see one of these get taken with displacement. So using those two levels, this daily low and this daily high or four hour low and four hour high, I would want to see a nice push under or above one of these levels to determine, hey, okay, which way is the market going? Because if you're looking at a market and you can't,
you'd be very confident in where it's going because you don't have a mechanical way to prove to yourself, so to speak, that you're confident, then that's not a market you should be trading in. So for me, I need to see displacement on the higher timeframes and a clear draw in liquidity, which I don't really see here. But if we do start to push down under one of these, then I'll be able to say, okay, well, we're showing displacement of downside. Why are we doing that? Then I say, okay, what areas of liquidity, what imbalances, what is there that we're drawing to? And that's kind of how you build that narrative.
So I'll chill on euro dollar. Let's see if there's any divergence here. No, not on pound dollar. Pound dollar is a similar scenario, but if anything, I would almost see. No, I did take out these highs. Actually, I might be euro. You could consider that potential weekly divergence. That would also be bearish. I'm looking at daily.
Now, if the week is supposed to be bearish, oftentimes you'll see a run early in the week, on Monday to Wednesday, sometimes Tuesday.
Oh, shit. I just literally spilled some coffee on me. What an idiot. Oran said, can you show us your other setups? Like what I have in mind, anything besides ETH, Bitcoin and BNB and FTM and XRP, anything else? I mean, that's a lot of setups. And that's why I'm going through the charts is to try to find stuff and give some bias. But blame me, I'm not going to hide them from you. I promise. I won't hide the setups from you.
On the weekly, I see potential divergence here if the euro doesn't make a high, which it doesn't look like it wants to. I mean, if we close a day like this, I would say we're going to draw down. Potential divergence there. And we look at...
So what I see, the reason I'm marking this up is I see that potential bearish divergence. So we're already in a premium. If we do have divergence, that would be bearish. Okay, well, what am I going to use to confirm more of a bearish outlook on cable? It's going to be displacement, just like I was talking about for the euro. Now, this to me isn't the best. Yes, we got a candle close, but you see we kind of consolidated there and rapidly pushed back up, taking out highs.
We have this order block right here. So what you'd want to see if you wanted to see us bearish what to see You'd want to see a good reaction here. So as we traded into the first time over here Price take out that low Fair value gap and we're starting to displace off of it. So Be leaning more bearish here on pound. I might watch pound over the euro this week. Let's see again Especially you got an order block right here and a breaker block. However, you want to look at it
Taking out liquidity multiple times. Yeah, pound looks pretty bearish. So now if it works, start moving to the downside. You've got this and that. Two, three drives. Nice spice on the downside.
These highs might get swept but overall I see more more downside imminent on euro You could move up to because if you look at this we have this order block That's before they'd break a structure and more in a premium of this move and we've also got a rejection box So we do still have untapped liquidity that's sponsoring this move and equal highs above so ideally what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna set an alert for this right here and Depending on when this happens
I will, if it happens during session, I'll watch the lower timeframes and see if I can't get a move to the downside into these lows right here. Also, they had GDP today too. What did they come out as? Okay. So it was greater than forecast. That's going to be good for the pound. So that would be, you'd think that'd be bullish, but of course we know that news likes to do random stuff. What's this? Sorry, guys. There we go. Yeah.
So what time was that news at? I was at 2 a.m. What liquidity was attacked? Yep. Pretty clean setup there. Again, just engineering more lows. I'm surprised you didn't go for this right here. So yeah, if now, if you get another double break of structure down into these lows, then I would maybe just consider go ahead and looking to get short. But as of right now, I want to see either the highs get taken out or the lows get taken out with displacement.
You guys have some pairs, so you don't have much regarding crypto. Nothing new from the last setups. I mean, we went over Bitcoin. We gave a signal on FTM in the private server and XRP. There was XRP shorts. I can look at some crypto for you real quick. Give me some coins. I'll just look through my whole watch list. Link actually doesn't look too, too bad where it's at. Let me see. I think I got some alerts that hit too. Link.
and pound auto. Let me look at pound Aussie really quick. Okay. That POI didn't work. Um, that was probably with that GDP. Now, um, when we go back to, we'll start with the ETH and we'll just kind of go through the, uh, uh, the crypto watch list. Or if you have some, uh, if you have some, uh, coins nice on pound, but if bank of England raises rates, currency value increase, what do you see on gold in the daily and weekly bro? Somebody said Adam. So we'll do, I'm going to do gold. Cause, uh,
Topo add ask first and I'm gonna start I've started to use I think it's important to use like not all these derivatives and like CFDs Like I want to use the actual charts that matter which is gonna be a GC. This is your futures I'm gonna go. This is where the big boys are trading so to speak So again with gold I've wanted this for a while. I think we might get it here too depending on how this goes I want to push back down into a discount here now. There's this order block
right here that I like a lot. And then this fair value gap. So this is where I want gold to move to overall. Looks like we're engineering more buy side above. Oops, not lows, highs. So again, the bias on gold overall, long-term as bullish as can be because we came down, took out all these lows.
came right back into the range. So if you look, we've got equal highs right above there. So that 2100 mark for gold is probably a long-term target. Now this is a weekly chart, so it's going to take some time to unfold. But I want us to come back down into a premium or a, I'm sorry, into a discount. I always say that wrong of this move. Now I would say the weekly drawn liquidity that I would want to see probably hit this week is going to be this fair value gap. So that being said, if I go to the four hour,
And then we can look for displacement, displacement down, look at this order block. And I would be targeting this, this, this right here is where we're going. So if we look, we hop down here, pretty, some crazy price action here at the 830 open. Um, you know, basically I wouldn't have really considered anything till here. So.
Yeah, I was gonna say I'd like this POI, but it's already gotten hit. The reason I like this is because we kind of came down, tapped into where you'd want to see reversal and then didn't get it. So price is falling bearish order flip pretty nicely. So gold, if you're a gold day trader, you know, I'd be looking to get short into this fair value gap right here, the weekly fair value gap, or I'm sorry, daily. The first one is the daily.
Or no, no. Again, my bad. The weekly. It is a weekly fair value gap. So that's like 1778 on gold futures. It's going to be a little lower on the derivatives and CFD charts. So Adam, my comment on US 30, I'll do that next. Let's look at Adam. So took out the weekly sell side right there. I don't know if I would expect a full reversion to a premium, but we came down into these fair value gaps. We didn't get up into the breakaway gaps. Something I want to do.
That's pretty interesting. So that's something from I want to ICT. I think you can do it right there on that candle Lining up with that standard deviation as just a kind of a case study doesn't really matter anymore It's hindsight, but I'm what I was doing was taking the fibs from the fair value and the breakaway gap down to the Thank Carol the name he called it for but the continuation We've moved into this fair value gap
We've started to form that swing high. Now price has given us displacement to the downside. So overall, I think the weekly is drawing down. Now when I say where to, I really don't see, I mean, you could use this as a low hanging fruit, so to speak. These lows right here on a weekly. So if that's the case, we're looking for the daily to give us kind of more confirmation that we are seeking down. If you look right there.
Push into this candle. So I'm going to a four hour This is actually I'm following order for pretty nice. So what I'll do is I'm going to watch I'm gonna send an alert on this candle, but I won't force it just because we have a lot of stuff up I'm gonna need 15 minute displacement coming down out of that zone
And again, guys, don't get super trigger happy this week. Unless you trade amazingly well during all of this kind of stuff. Especially with crypto. I always tell people, if you're watching just crypto, you are... Yeah, I can do those for you, for sure. I just saw Matic, Lightcoin, and Sol. Bunch of crypto. But if you're... I can't stress enough. Adeliki, you've been watching it for a while. If you're watching just crypto, if that's all you trade, you are wasting your talent.
like no there's no in my opinion i'm not you know the all-sayer but it's just i can't imagine that like i would hate trading but um
Austin Padilla said, how do I find support and resistance? Those terms, so support and resistance in the terms of like retail trading, so to speak, or like the basic common knowledge people learn when they start learning a trade is basically just looking at a chart and seeing where price bounces off of and then trying to buy or sell based off that. I don't recommend that, but the idea of a support resistance level can be found
many different ways depending on your strategy. So for us, we trade smart money, we're going to look for points of interest as a potential support and resistance level. And then we're going to use market structure, you know, higher highs or higher lows, so to speak, with a pair to confirm that. So like, for instance,
It's gonna be hard for me to explain. That's a pretty vague question. How do you find support or resistance? If you want to learn how I do, I would recommend learning what order blocks, fair value gaps, buy and sell side liquidity are, all that good stuff if you want to learn how to find support and resistance. And that's far more than I can do in a short video.
Yeah, so overall here I like I like Adam though for shorts, but I wouldn't I wouldn't chase it where I'm at I'm an ftm. I'm pretty happy That's me a five-hour trade if it hits full TP. It'll be a little less after trimming like three, but you know, I'm pretty pretty happy with that so Our daddy said alarm. I don't think I did so overall Adam bearish order flow. I would wait for return back up into
I use the candle closes here. And we might get more of an expansion, but, um, so yeah, that's going to be that right in that pocket of optimal trade entry. And once you do this for a while, you're going to get almost like an eye, a naked eye, uh, um, you'll see optimal trade entry. You'll have an idea of where it is. But, um, so I wouldn't chase it because you did just take out all these lows and you never know if the zone's even going to work in the first place. So don't get impatient. Wait, you know, plan your trade, trade your plan.
ETH, we'll take a look at ETH really quick. So Ethereum, there was a trade setup, but I wasn't around my desk to take it. So what I'm seeing here, a lot of equal highs. So usually when I see this, I kind of stray away from it just because I don't like that if I'm looking to short and I'm definitely, I'm not super bullish on ETH right now. You know, the most recent displacement, it looks like.
Was this bullish move now I've came down into this but if you look we kind of form some structure appearance going to take lows take loads of displacement, so You know I can definitely see the bullish narrative coming out of this
I would want to see how we react here. ETH is a chart that I've been staying away from recently just because I'm not very confident in it. We've got equal lows down here. Equal lows flowing up here. It's just kind of like it gets to that point where it's one of these ranges where it's just going to burn people out, in my opinion. That's why I picked Bitcoin when we longed.
Overall, I mean, similar setup as Bitcoin in the sense that you've got this order block. We're kind of just ranging right here. If anything, I would want to see the order block hit before I'd look to be a longer. I mean, it tapped in right here if you use Wix. But let's see how 15-minute really looked down there. Never really got liquidity swept, so that could be a later on target if we do. If you were to short, it'd be that low.
Now, when we're looking at the immediate structure, I would say it's bearish to this last little impulse down. So if I'm looking to get active, I'd like this fair value gap. And you want to see the lower time frames.
start to start displacement down now if you are a day trend if you do only day trade crypto first of all i'm sorry for you i'm just joking but um second of all that would be my draw my overall current draw is i'd like to see this get tapped up into so you know then if i'm looking for that i'm gonna say okay well how do i use the lower time frames to get me there okay well we're coming down here we're taking out short-term highs taking out short-term highs and you know you just kind of trace that you see we're coming down on the order block now we're probably going back up into this
So that's, that's how I would attack it if I was watching crypto all day, but I'm not, I just don't do that. I used to do that. Whenever crypto is moving really good, I will do that. But like, for instance, whenever, right before the FTX crash, we were trading the fuck out of crypto, right? Fucking murdered XMR shorts. There's a lot of shit that, you know, at that point, you know, I'll take trades when I like them, but if I'm not going to just sit there and force them, you know?
where do i see bitcoin in five years you got the questions austin how do you find support and resistance bitcoin five years i i mean honestly bro there's nobody who can tell you for sure on that i think it'll probably be higher than it's at in five years though um chc i'd be chilling on chc after i think the world cup you know hype is dead i mean i think it's pretty safe to say that
weekly, you're in a fair value gap. Also, there's going to be this breaker right here that you're going to be tapping into probably pretty soon. So nice levels right here. You'd need, you know, if I'm going to look to long based off a weekly level, I want to see daily structure go bullish. So for right now, until proven otherwise, you know, continuation is in the fact that you're bearish. So, you know, I would maybe look at these equal lows.
something like that. And then I'd hop down to four hours and say, okay, well, if I'm looking to short, or if I'm looking to maybe trade counter trend longs, what's the draw on liquidity? Okay, well, if we look here, we've got optimal trade entry, massive gap right here. I'd wait for some liquidity to get taken here and you can maybe find longs up into...
Really, I would just use this whole little range because it's basically all of optimal trade entry. Something in there is what I would look for price to return to. And if you could short from there, great, I'd short into the lows. Webcam tank, yeah, yeah. I decided to dox. Might as well. It's better for engagement on YouTube, apparently. Plus, I kind of like it. I feel like you guys can, you get more from what I'm saying if you can see somebody.
Crypto. Yeah, see, Adeliki. You tell them because Adeliki, I remember you used to only trade crypto and now you've been, you know, killing it in other markets. So it's like, I promise, like, if you just trade Bitcoin and crypto all day, you're going to go to Forex and indices and be like, oh my God, like, what the fuck have I been doing? Because it's very, it's just easier. And like, you know, why make things, you know, you're trading illiquid markets whenever you're trading a lot of these altcoins.
Now, Matic, Litecoin, and Sol. Let's go ahead and run these for Oron. Matic, I have a plan for it. We talked about last week. I know you said you're like, oh, no more setup. We already talked about Matic last week. But the overall buys for Matic right now is going to be bearish. Now, I like this.
this four-hour zone right here, because you got liquidity above it. We have this little range under it. And then also another range developing here. So I see one of two scenarios. And this is why it's important to develop an if-then process when you're talking about a trading plan. So for me, if one of these zones get hit, then I will look to trade to the other zone, so to speak. So for instance, if we just push down into this zone right here, I've got an alert.
We'd go there. I would look for the 50-minute to go bullish with displacement. Where am I going to trade up into these highs?
If that doesn't happen, I sit on my hands. If we push up into this four hour zone, I've got an alert set. I'm going to look for the 15 minute to trade with displacement down. Then I'm going to target the lows. Other than that, I'm chilling. And you want to do that and you want to simplify it. Now, if you're a day trader and you only day trade Matic or something, then yes, you're going to be looking for more opportunities. That was me. I'd say, okay, where's the most recent, what's the draw on liquidity most likely? What?
is the uh dis where is the displacement moving towards you know things of that nature so for here it looks like we want to go down into this low right unless it did already i think it already did yeah it already did so you took that low so you're taking out a low on monday into a fair value gap
You might see a push down into this wick right there. That's the beginning of that order block if you use wicks Or you could look at this that also matches up my POI So for instance at this point, you know, yes, we've taken out liquidity So now I'm gonna hop to a lower time frame and say, okay, have we shown to spice to the upside? Not yet So I'm still bearish just because we took liquidity for me It makes me not want to trade until I get some kind of confirmation, but we haven't got a reversal So just because we're at a point we might reverse
doesn't mean that we're going to reverse. So I'm gonna look and say, okay, and what's the most recent structure? Bearish. Then I say, okay, fair value gap and optimal trade entry. So I wanna see price trade into that. If I wanna get short, maybe down into this, if I was day trading. But again, this is where you start to get enforcing stuff. You can always find a trade if you look for it. On any of these, every single chart on my watch list, you can find something to trade. But it's all about knowing what you should trade and what matters and what is high value, so to speak.
So it's Matic. What was the next one? I think Litecoin. Yeah, Litecoin. Dude, Litecoin's been shining just in the shadows recently as far as overall performance. It's in the top 15 market cap now. Pretty crazy. So the daily swept out this high nicely. It was going to be either Matic or Litecoin that I shorted.
When we come up and take that high, we start to see that short-term lows getting taken out with displacement. Then we come under here. We see all these lows. You react pretty nicely, but it just pushes you back up into this order block. Now, once we come into that order block, you can hop to a lower time frame, and we're going to look for bearish price action. What is bearish price action? Well, we're going to take out liquidity. We took it out there. Took it out.
Use the brush tool. Took it out there, took it out there and there. So we're rating all these highs and then what? Price kind of just consolidates, burns out traders, displacing the downside. So we look, where did that displacement come from? This is the reason I didn't trade this because it was kind of sloppy. I was either going to drop from here or this zone and ended up pushing up higher into this candle and a push down after that. So that kind of confirms, okay, we are falling bearish price action. So what I wanted to see,
Was this exactly right here? Displacement and we never traded back up into the order block that I wanted us to and after it ran away I said, okay, I'm you know, I'm already an FTM. Why? It ran away at that point so but overall bearish price action, you know, we took out that high right there and now we're starting to see displacement down now You know a lot of the move
I'm happy with the rest of the market with that big push down. So overall, what I'd like to see on daily chart is trading down into these lows or low hanging fruits already been met. So you have this candle right here, right? That last down close candle before he's really pushed up and liquidity right in front of it. So that would have been a nice draw, nice low hanging fruit. So now price is going to trade back up. Hopefully it goes to a premium.
Probably send another alert actually for this because I like the way light coin trades actually do this right Now use the last candle. I thought this was a swing low, but it's not
So again, and now now that if I missed that trade, then I'll watch and wait for price to come up because with swing trading, it's a lot easier, in my opinion, like short term and swing trading. If you have a very solid plan, it's really easy to stay on your hands because you have the benefit of alerts. So what I like about that means like, for instance, if I'm when I'm day trading, it's you have to be very disciplined because you're watching the market. You're watching the candles print. You're watching.
opportunities left and right. And you have to really be patient and know when to strike. And you're in a live market and you already have pressure on you and you're sitting at your desk, you're here to trade. So there's a lot of external pressures that are going to cause you to stray from your plan. Now with swing trading, it's pretty fucking easy. You just set your alerts, you have a very, very mechanical process, and then you get in the trade and let them do the work. Now you should do that with everything, but it's easier to do with swing trading.
For me, I'll just wait. I'm not going to try to trade counter trend. I'm not pressed to trade crypto. I can't even trade Litecoin on my funded. The spreads are so fucking horrible. The spreads on my Forex funds, it's like $4. For instance, if I were to short right now, I'd get entered at like $77. It's fucking crazy. Wait, what did somebody say? If the government bans Bitcoin to zero, yeah, I don't think that's going to happen.
yeah hunter um hunter yeah i don't think that it's gonna i mean you know you can ban it like make it illegal and stuff but um i think that would i mean it would definitely not be good but i i don't know we'll see we'll see maybe it happens i don't know but that'd be pretty crazy
Um, do I require fair value gaps for displacement in your plan? The low timeframes? Yes. Um, now let me just find an example. So I can find one where I wouldn't, but most of the time, um, you're going to get a fair value gap if it's, if it's displacement, but there are some times with like crypto, like let me look on FTM I think was one. No.
There was one coin I was looking at research and what might not even a coin It was some chart I was looking at and I was sitting there like damn like Is this just you know and I do that too. You never know for sure like that's why I talk about like displacement is the most discretionary
part of any smart money trading plan. Um, and second is market structure. Cause dude, I've seen people draw market structure multiple different ways. You know, ICT draws different market structure. A lot of people do, um, especially when it gets so complicated, like the, you know, um, uh, short term, intermediate term, longterm highs. If a lot of people, if you've actually watched ICT, you know how like some of this shit, it's like, it's so discretionary, you know, and there's no two plus two way to do it. So, um,
Maybe it's good for you to require fair value gaps because it's best to try to make everything as mechanical as possible. Let me look.
Damn, I have fucking shouldn't the discord. I never get notifications. Oh Player said what's the difference between that and XAU the chart? Well, one of them is the real chart and one of them is a CFD and there's nothing wrong I don't mean like it's the real chart but like that's that's just the really the difference one is the one like for instance Like when you're looking at XAU USD on like a Wanda or all those other charts. That's just it's just a CFD You're not actually trading anything. It's just you
It's a casino model from Forex brokers. But if you want to look at where those prices are derived from, you want to look at gold futures. So I think it's important, especially for the higher timeframes and really just overall, because this is where you're going to get the water from the well, so to speak. This is where institutions are trading. And especially with smart money, it's like we're trying to trade based off of institutional manipulation.
So we should use the charts that they're using. That's why I tell people to use ESZ or the highest open interest contract instead of like the mini chart. It's just, and that's, you know, that's just the way I look at it. You don't have to use it. There's nothing wrong with, you know, do whatever you want to do. But that's my logic behind it. Now, sorry, we're on. I know you've been waiting patiently on. There's soul now. I did like one. I was doing like one for you. That's right.
so uh soul first off i would chill on soul just because of all the madness personally and i've always i'm a soul hater so you're getting a you're gonna get a biased soul ta on me now i try to not be with analysis but i'm a big i've been talking shit about soul since you know this range right here i really since here even just whenever it's just such a bullshit fucking chain like i don't understand it's just like why
what do you you know i get there's going to be certain reasons why you use it over ethereum but it's just like oh yeah like hold on guys let us turn the blockchain off we got to do some maintenance like bro like just buy nfts like on a app store app at that point it's literally pointless except you have verification that you own it but it's just like
Sol is like, what's wrong with crypto, in my opinion? I mean, and then look, look who's behind it most of the part, and then look what happens. And I've been talking shit about Sol for a while. Now, I'm not saying it'll never run again, but there's my take on Sol. I mean, you can see it's pretty dead compared to everything else. I mean, but overall, on the daily, I think it's pretty clear you're reaching down. Now, oops, wrong way.
i'm gonna do bodies because the wicks are pretty big so you've got this fair value gap the beginning of optimal trade entry could be a nice draw and look on the weekly don't need that much so um a lot of stuff here in optimal trade entry that you could drop into when i look we took out a short-term high um price we have an optimal trade entry fair value gap that we've already been consulting and we're not seeing much here you know again i
It's just not something I'd probably pay much attention to. It looks like you want this low overall. Oops. So if I was looking at this, I would probably want to trade. It actually doesn't look that bad on the lower time frames. Let me see this. If you can get back up into that, that would be ideal. Get that second tap into the...
If you preserve these lows, I mean, you could watch two zones. I'd watch this zone, but really the higher zone just because there's liquidity taken in that process. I'd probably just chill on it. I'll set an alert for this or for this high to get ran. And if we look on the one hour, you know, that order block never even got tapped into because you can always refine your stuff from a four hour to one hour. Now we did trade into this right here, right there into the wick.
So there's no guarantee, but if I'm going to trade this, I'm going to be picky again, like I was talking about earlier. And I'd like to see that liquidity get taken. And then if these lows are preserved, you've got a very clear target. But that's really all I see for Solana. The daily is not really showing much desire to go back and fill this fair value gap yet. I think you're probably going to take this low before that is on the table.
Yeah. Most of the stuff I want to go over. Yeah. Be very mindful of that dollar. I know we only want to have a brief of the dollar and the bonds divergence. That is a very great tool. Very good tool. And you're seeing it across all bonds, not just 10 years. It's five year and 30 year T bonds. So, um,
You know be very mindful that that's that's a very strong tool, you know Maybe people might be like our bonds. I don't trade bonds. It's boring But you got to think of it like the context when we talked to this last week Bullish in the dollar. That's why we said you can go look at the video title last week is DXY up Nasdaq down and we hit the low hanging fruit and move back down But that did that divergence if we close a bullish day here in the dollar
That's going to be very painful for equities and dollar pairs and most likely crypto. But crypto kind of, let's actually look at USDTD. I forget about this chart a lot of the time because it's valuable, but it moves nicely. I think this could, looks like it wants to almost come down a little bit, but we've tapped in this fair value gap.
look at four hour because the daily is kind of chunky i mean i don't see that i can see both sides so we didn't come into a um discount of this or actually yeah we did never mind that wick does it so we came into a discount into this fair value gap also if you're using wicks into this weekly order block
The daily is not that clear. When I look at this, you know, yes, we took a high right here, but it's like, so I jumped to a four hour. You can see it's a lot clearer here. So the four hours showing displacement up, the daily and weekly is in, came into a discount. And yes, there's still liquidity to be taken. So to speak, you know, there's a lot more this fair value gap.
You know, you could look at this order block as the largest closed candle. So there is more potential downside. But as of right now, the four hour is showing displacement to the upside. So yeah, I would be leaning more bullish on this, which would be bearish for crypto.
Have I looked into the DR and IDR? Yeah, I actually have. I've tested a model on it. I think there's something there, but I think it's definitely overplayed. I think there is something there, but I don't think it's like, you know, it's good, but it's not like, oh my God, the Holy Grail. And it really is like...
It's a good bias tool, but trying to use the execution. I did a lot of tests on exactly how it's supposed to be used, so to speak, how the creator uses it, master. And risking 2%, basically just longing at the first premium or discount array, it was like, I think it made like 20K on a 300K account in like two months or something. And that's risking 2%.
i mean it's cool like i think you could get a good ea out of it if you did it right and i still want to refine it i'm trying to get more see what kind of like average risk reward it provides because if you use the fib extensions it's like a lot of 0.6 and like 0.8 our trades
I mean, it's cool, but I don't know. Basically, the main thing that I would want to see out of that would be to use it as a bias tool. But then again, I also don't know. I need to do more testing, but they say 88%. I don't see that. I could be wrong. I'm not saying I'm right. Maybe that's over like 10 years or something because I have not done that much data. But over 2022, I don't see 88%. But I do see as a good, a decent bias tool for like the afternoon session. There's definitely something there though. I will say that.
Yeah, so currently I'm seeing more upside here the dollar dominance chart Because you're seeing all these lows get cleaned out and then we're starting to get that bullish displacement up. It's You know, and we've came in this a funny range because of this massive push-up also look at that volume imbalance I wonder how well that were I mean, it seems to have worked but see how well it works for this since it's This isn't really an active traded market, but it you know prices price
i've been doing some i added a lot of commodities to my list just because i i enjoy just kind of like getting more into economics and like learning more about how things um different things correlate and stuff it's crazy where like cattle is like the most bullish chart bro look at this this is on the monthly chart and this is a great example like if you're ever watching ict or watching sorry and then and somebody just says like you take the sell side then you go for the buy side in my opinion this is a really good example of that so the ideology behind that is it's not that simple
So don't beat yourself up if you're like, damn, like, because not every time you take one side of liquidity, you go all the way to the other. So in this example, though, if you look.
You got this monthly level down here. So you took the sell side into a level when you're bullish. It's just an overcomplicated way to say, you know, prices is putting in a higher low or higher or lower high. So, you know, we took the low, took out the sell side into an order block. And now we've seen massive displacement. I think it's no question that cattle is going to 171 bucks. I've been thinking heavily about opening up a futures account.
um just to trade other things other than indices like specifically energies and um uh commodities just there's a lot of and especially in the world economic condition we're in commodities are where it's like look at these commodity charts compared to everything else we're going to weekly chart big massive movement
massive movement, corn, wheat, soybean futures, everything has had massive movement and very efficient price action for what we use. So it's like, damn, like these are, these are fast markets and they're cool because you can swing trade them very well, in my opinion. Um, and they move, they find you can get paid off. I mean, you can also get, um, you know, pretty fucked up on them. Um,
Solely for indices. Yeah, it's pretty smooth. Not gonna lie within his rules. It's not too bad I'm trying to refine it as well within my system for yes I don't use the fib or standard deviation for TV. Yeah, that's that's the way you should do it That's that's what I meant like the IDR itself and the DR is a good bias tool But it's not it's not like the you know One-size-fits-all just target the fib extension. It's that that was how I was testing it And it was cool. Like I was happy that first I was like, oh Dennis is dope but it's like
risking 2% for that amount of time and you make less, it's just like, I mean, it's okay, but I can outperform that. So not every, I mean, I have bad months and bad weeks, but I wasn't very impressed at the end of it for that. And also, yes, we'll check out AU. Oh, damn. We talked about this POI last week. Well, you missed one opportunity. Damn, that makes me sad. I fucking should have traded that.
Sorry, I wasn't I wasn't training today, but that's if I did exactly I wanted to do. Well, that's okay There's that FOMO a demon kick and you can probably hear my voice But anyways, the reason I we talked about this last week. So for more content I think you were in here daily point of interest in premium of the external range The daily hasn't really showed displacement now to kind of get an early kick on that we can use the four hour
Very clear displacement after taking a high so clean price action there We took a high took them blow with displacement look for the order block price trades into it On the 15 minute. I waited for a raid So once we tap into the zone, you know, I don't want to trade until I get a sweep So you've got up all these highs right here pull up This is probably like a Utah or something would be for Wyckoff people Into 24k you're in here. You'll tell me 24k be killing the Wyckoff, bro
One of the best executors at it that I've ever seen. So the big push up, that's where my interest is peak. So I want to see what gets taken out there. Price comes down and then it's damn, that shit is just so clean. I would have just used this whole range, but.
I should have fucking should have looked I told my six I didn't even look at markets to like 10 minutes before we went live because I don't I knew like if I'm ever like doing something where I'm out of the house I just don't want to trade because then I'm like preoccupied I'm like driving in the fucking car looking at my phone like day trading stuff I'm like fuck you know like looking at the charts and like I'm not focused fuck that sucks so just this would have been this would have looked something like this for me I would use a wider stop I'm gonna still look to probably get active on this but
That would have been the targets and TP here, TP this low. But what I'll do now is I'll probably watch this candle, go back to the higher timeframes, kind of restart that same process over and just watch 15 minutes. So bearish on Aussie dollar for right now. I think you're going down towards these lows.
See, and look how similar this four hour looks. Remember, we'll go to one hour, like right up here. Same, you push up into the zone, push up, no displacement yet, push up. Then you get that massive move down. Now we have another framework. Go to 15 minutes, literally the same stuff, same stuff. And you get that big lick rate, but that's not what you want. You want a rate of these highs, then that displacement down. Then you look for price to return up, probably to an optimal trade entry.
Yeah, that's gonna be OT and it's it's all about patience really in like Quality control of like what you trade and what you're willing to To to work lean hogs. That was another one big week on ES. Maybe you shorten the p.m. Let's look You know trading deeper into that order block kind of one hour would be nice to take this but I Don't look at lean hogs right after this I started just attack liquidity attack liquidity
Right at the end of lunch candle too. I'd like to see that get taken potentially in these equal highs He but I would be leaning more towards a short or me. It's Monday those and that's another thing speaking of testing I've tested I think it's six strategies so far that are like very fine-tuned I've tested way more but like six that I'm like, okay, these are actual mechanical like I could explain this to a robot type strategy and
every fucking one of them had horrible results on Monday and Friday. And I've thought that before. I've actually talked with people like, hey, damn, I don't think I'm going to trade Mondays. But it's crazy. It's like some of them are like 80% success on Wednesday, 0% success on Monday. Fucking lean hogs. Hogs look, they don't look as good as cows. I'll say that. Cows are fucking booming. So here, I mean, didn't really get that high resistance run on liquidity. You got one of those ran.
So order floaty bearish here, you know, let's still look at this. I just look at this whole little buy to sell range. I mean, God damn, the gaps on this shit are fucking insane. Oh, there's contract switches. Still though.
And these I was just talking shit about using the correct contracts. So I'm like, oh, you're not using them for commodities. I'm not trading these. So that's why I'm day trading or intraday trading. But you should use the most commodity contracts switch a lot. I'm still learning more about that, too, because I'm not an expert on that. So I'd say I remember when I used to look at charts like this, but you can't even read that. And it's like, yeah, you can. It's still structure. Displacement. I'd say pretty bearish on good old Porky.
I think a good draw is this low. 77 bucks. Porky the pig. Get fucked, Porky. I'm just kidding. But nah. I'd say... Oh wait, shit. I forgot. Hunter, were you talking my bad, bro? I just realized I didn't have my headset on. I just see your mic's unmuted. I just realized I hope nobody else has been talking and I've just not been a dick. I completely forgot to even put my headset on. Wait, what the fuck? I can't even hear you. Hold on. One second, Hunter. Why is my shit not...
Hold on, Hunter. My bad, bro. Oh, that explains it. Here, try it. Say something again. Hello? There you go. My bad, bro. Fuck. I had my... It's been muted. It just shows that I'm not muted because of how my headset is. Oh, okay. So you weren't... Okay. I'm not a prick. I wasn't trying to... Okay. And I didn't even have my headset on or I didn't have my Discord set to pick it up for my headset.
Yeah, Porky's bearish, though. Why are pigs so fucking cheap and bearish and cows are mooning? Because pigs are dirty fucking animals. Fuck them. Fuck the cops, too. Yeah, the bulls in the building. Bulls are bullish. Shit really is like a fire. Like, I'm like, damn, this is... Imagine getting in a swing on this and just holding it, bro. Fucking moon.
This is a chart you could literally just use a daily chart and trade this mooning You could get you can get like a like a TD Ameritrade or a tasty works and you can fucking get a margin account with futures intraday margin and You can trade these and it actually and it gives you fucking and it makes it cheaper for your contracts, too Man, that's fire the amount of leverage like that's available through futures markets is like that's that's the main thing because I've been
i'm doing more studies on that i'm like damn like this is like i i almost would rather do that with my personal stuff and then just trade like everything i usually trade on my funded account because it's like yeah you know what i'm saying because it's like bro like that shit is that's valuable
My thought on FOMC coming up. I try not to be biased on what I think is going to happen. I will say that the bond and dollar divergence don't look too great for equities. It looks good for the dollar if we hold that. So again, I just wait. I mean, we've got, it's not just FOMC this week. We've got CPI tomorrow. We've got FOMC projections. We've got funding rates. We've got retail sales. We've got quad witching. I mean, it's like literally as worse as it possibly could get for high impact news this week.
Jack said, yes, heading for the bunker and prep for tomorrow. Fuck. It's heading everywhere. It's going to destroy everyone in sight.
Yeah, I recall someone who said they just left Monday to its own devices to form a better buy. Yeah, I'm to that point. I really am. Now, if it's a swing trade, it's different. Swing trading is different. But if I'm looking at intraday stuff, I mean, I will say this is clean ass price action. There's that FOMO DM. It's like, no, look, perfect price action on Monday. Don't leave. But today was actually pretty clean on Monday. Dipped right under that 830 opening price into optimal trade entry from the London expansion. We went over this exactly, like exactly in the...
the class that um we taught yesterday yeah sunday um so i think they may be right yeah mooney no no that's hoss hoss that's hoss's joke credit and i i am a dad actually somebody said they think i might be a dad i do i have a five-year-old she was actually here while i was teaching the class yesterday sitting in the hair she was like listening and she was like i was like you understand what i said she said i understand i was like okay all right babe you ready to long the london session
Cows mooning, but I thought we were going to all eat cockroach's burgers and drink spider milk. See that's probably their mood and they need exit liquidity, bro No more cows soon, you know, Vex looks like it once upside two
probably stick to a five minute chart the thing about get vix too is it almost always fills the gaps yeah i'm still learning it like these gaps right here um let me look on your screen fucking massive yeah like those gaps almost always get filled yeah fomc doesn't have to be right away but it they they get filled yeah look right here they like every single one oh like filled but yeah you're you're not bullshit at all like literally filled not just tapped into
Like every single one The weekly on this it looks crazy. It's like just like a barcode
I think that's what it's designed to do, correct? It is. Yeah. One thing that a lot of people do is if you set like $18 on the downside and about $35 on the upside, they just ping pong. Really? Like of the... Oh, you mean literally like... Yeah, the price of the VIX. Once it hits $18, go long. Once it hits $35, they go short and it's fucking... And it's been working all year pretty much.
Hell yeah. I know that Mark Douglas used like VIX and his edge for trading QQQ. Cause I saw, I got some PDF. I can't remember. It wasn't from like the books, but, and I don't know if it's a hundred percent real or not. I think it's, I don't think somebody'd make a fake fucking Mark Douglas trading strategy. It wasn't being sold, but it was like his, it was like his like three edges that he used. And it was like, um,
one of them involved like some kind of shit on the VIX and his edges were like I mean they were using indicators but I was like damn like that shit is dialed like that shit you could easily easily teach a fucking robot it's like all numbers game I've also started to watch the Russell just for fun like not really any real reason but it was pretty this time of the year the Russell starts outperforming really I didn't know that
It says mid-December. Small caps tend to start outperforming. It looks like it wants some down overall, these lows.
Well, on that note guys, we went over stream. I just realized what time has been chilling. I'm probably gonna hop off here and I'll keep an eye on ESP again. It's Monday. It's pretty crazy week. I'm not gonna force anything So don't don't be surprised if you don't see a trade for me today and still in the FTM shorts got setups for swings I think that's that's kind of like the best way to trade these kind of weeks is you get in Before the mayhem have your stops, you know everything de-risked
Just play it safe this week. Yeah, it's the last week of the year. People are like, oh, but dude, fuck, what if I can't trade this week? It's like, well, I mean, a lot of the times when you are forcing trades, you're going to end up backpedaling. You're going to put yourself farther back than you were for whatever reason you're trying to trade and make money. You're going to make it worse if you try to force things.
How long did it take me to become a profitable trader? Um, it's kind of skewed for me because I started really like day trading, like in like trading heavily during 2020. And if you weren't profitable in 2020, I don't know what the fuck tell you. So I don't want to use, I don't need to call them back. I don't want to use that as like, I was profitable then.
Um, so I kind of had it lucky and I learned a lot during that time. So it was probably quicker. I don't want to give a, um, something, an expectation that people shouldn't meet. I'd say if you started right now in this madness, I'd say like six months minimum would probably be good. And that's, that's being like, you know, aggressive with it. If you're not profitable and you're in trading six months and you're watching this, don't be like, damn, I'm a failure. It's different for everybody. There's no one thing there. Everybody's life's different too. Some people are sitting there 12 hours a day.
Now, if you have a reason that you're trading, like for instance, if you have, if you're trading because you need money, you're automatically going to take way longer. And it's gonna, like if you're trading because you just are looking for a new hustle, you got some extra cash, you've got other money coming in, your odds of success are 100 times higher than someone trying to trade to earn money. And that sounds kind of backwards, but it's just like anything. Like if you're getting in out of desperation or out of like the need to get in,
you're setting yourself up for failure. And I'm not trying to discourage anybody who's doing that. I'm just, you have to understand that you're thinking like that and shift your mindset. So like, you know, obviously you all want to make money. I understand. But you should not get in this with the idea like, I have to be successful, because you probably will fail.
On that note, guys, I'm going to pop off here. I really appreciate you all coming through. If you could, like, comment. If you're not already subscribed, subscribe. Helps me out a ton. I'll probably put out another video this afternoon for you guys, and I'll continue to keep rolling out content. And if you want to trial to the private Discord, the link is in the description. You can use code CASPER. You'll get a free five-day trial and a discount if you decide to stay. So until tomorrow.
