What up, what up? What's good? I'll wait for everybody to get in here. People are actually getting in quicker than usual. What's good, AJ and ZP? I hope all you guys had a good weekend. Got off the charts a little bit. Some of you guys didn't. The DGens.
No, I did. I did, though. Good, bro. I saw you tag me with the dog or something. I saw the message, but where I was, I didn't have good service and I couldn't see the picture. Was that you? You said something like touch the grass and somebody's dog did too or something? I was fucking... I was lit. Hell yeah. Yeah, so with the NASDAQ and S&P...
um bitcoin as well now we're all coming into these premium uh pricing areas so you know as we move higher above old areas of liquidity into a premium of the daily ranges you know we're looking at a potential to make a pretty big move to the downside once we get some more confirmation now
Something else that I want to go over first and foremost this week is the amount of high-impact news. Where do I hit the date? There's a place I can hit the date and show. CPI data comes out tomorrow, don't it? Yeah, there's a lot of stuff that comes out. I can't remember how I do it on this one. I know how to do it on the phone. Yeah, so that's okay. Let me filter it just for U.S. dollars.
See what I'm talking about. And this is just going to be, we're talking about indices, France, where I'm taking everything off. So if you look, we have high impact news every single day, except today. We have CPI, PPI, Empire State Manufacturing Index, prelims. There's a ton of stuff coming out this week. So, you know, I think everybody...
Can agree that we're probably going to see a bad CPI because the Fed has indicated like we talked about on Friday's stream that
you know, they had basically no hold on inflation and hinted at raising rates to combat it. So, you know, that being said, once we get our inflation numbers, we're assuming they're probably going to be bad, which we don't want to trade off assumptions of news, but I am just taking some macro perspective and giving it to you. So if we're looking at a potential bearish effect on the markets, we can accompany that with price.
So we don't really have any confirmation yet. Like, yes, we are in premium of the daily range. Now I put a fib on the weekly range as well. I kind of delineated them so you guys can see it. God, I said delineated. Fucking ICT is rubbing off on me. Holy shit.
The fib ranges, we aren't in a premium of the weekly. Now, same thing, I think with, or not same thing. We are in a premium, can you speak, with ES on the weekly. We're also coming into this.
You could look at this as an order block if you want to look at this as a breaker. I personally haven't mapped that as such because as we came back down into this zone here, you see we didn't really stay under it and then expand. We just came back up, filled the gap, and then moved down. So we can look at this as an order block on both NASDAQ and the S&P.
So, you know, S&P has came into a premium. It's been kind of leading us on this little rally. And then the NASDAQ has not. Well, let me just check ES and NQ because last week they were different, like by 20 points on the S&P. Looks like it's different on, no, maybe not. Yeah, it is. It's not that close to.
I don't know. It's kind of odd. Well, we're getting close to Oriana premium. Probably want to go off of NQ for the higher timeframe perspective. But we're coming into these ranges where we would look for sales over buys. Now, we haven't really formed that swing high to tell us to do so, but I'm probably going to be leaning a little bit more towards that side.
But I'll play either. So now when we're at these zones, we're at equilibrium on not only the daily, but on the weekly or a little above it on the daily. You know, you can sometimes see consolidation or a small period where it's a little indecisive at these ranges. But I don't think we're going to have that because of all the volatile news.
The weekly bias, if we're looking at the weekly candle, I think it could go a little higher just because we have this massive imbalance. And then if you want to look at this as an order block, the weekly, I would say, wants to expand higher. But it's one of those weeks where it's a tricky one because we have a ton of news.
you know, historically has a pretty high effect on the market. So you can't just ignore that. Now, we're not going to just trade based off of that only, but you do need to keep that in mind. So for indices, we're kind of at a pivotal point at equilibrium of the weekly range and a little bit in premium in the daily range. But we do have the imbalance that moves a little higher. So we're nowhere near a premium of the imbalance or equilibrium.
Now, if you look, equilibrium also lines up with this order block. So I think we could see potentially a little higher moving into CPI to engineer that buy side and come up and fill some of these orders before expanding to the downside. That's kind of what I'm leaning for right now.
Now this morning on NASDAQ, I actually didn't trade today. I wasn't able to be in the office. I don't really like trading off my phone if I don't have to. And so I just kind of watched price action and I saw two trades that could have been taken just kind of studying. And so I want to share those with you guys. One was pre-market and then the next was the usual liquidity raid setup that a lot of us use.
and we're looking uh
When we're looking at it from the perspective that we're at a premium on the daily, we're coming above this area of old liquidity right here. We already were above it this morning, and we're in this fair value gap. So you can be a little confused sometimes at these zones, but the way I do it is I just don't like risking as much. If we're at equilibrium, we're at a pivotal moment, and then just play what the market gives you on the lower timeframes.
So if we look here, pre-market and during the London session, we showed the desire to go higher and we left an imbalance along the way.
So when we look at this, we could watch price under this low this morning. This is pre-market. And oftentimes what I've realized by doing some backtesting on NOS and the ES, but NOS more so, there's usually a fairly decent play pre-market that is counter trend to the overall bias. And what's happening is price is doing what it needs to do to give us.
that entry where you know basically you catch the manipulation up and it starts right around 8 30 almost every morning not you know it's not like a requirement you wait till 8 30 but it's around that time we see a massive spike in volume so in this scenario we saw the liquidity raid into a fair value gap we didn't quite touch this order block right here i think maybe no i thought that was higher
We didn't touch this right here, so I wouldn't really use that as a confluence. But we see price rush down with displacement under this area of liquidity right here into an imbalance. So anytime you have that kind of setup, you can have a potential buy just up to whatever buy side liquidity you have above. Trimming at the imbalance fill along the way. That's the way I would have taken it. And if we go down to one minute.
Now, if you just trade the higher timeframes, I guess you could have just traded that, but we usually want to see a little bit more confirmation. And so whenever we're looking at indices and we see price come down into our point of interest, we want to see that sharp move out of it with displacement. Now, this to me wasn't really the confirmation. It's arguable. It could have been, and you see it did give you an entry.
But what I like to see is something more like this right here. That's what I like to see as more of a confirmation. So when we're looking at a shift in market structure, to me, taking out this high or even this high over here with that kind of displacement, that means more to me than this right here. So what I would do at that point,
is set a limit in here. Now,
I like to just set the stops down here all the way to the bottom, right? Even if it adds, you know, a little, or I guess decreases a little bit of the risk to reward. As long as my final target is within two, I'm fine. Just because this model is pretty accurate. And as long as you're not overshooting it, you can see that would have been a very quick, nice two, two and a half R, 2.4 R. And that's just putting it right under this low.
Stop loss under this. Now, the other way you could have taken it, which should have been a little more aggressive as stop loss under the most recent swing low from the push that provided the imbalance. Now, for me personally, if I want to do that, I don't like having equal lows or anything like it. Like now, if this week right here would have came down and like took that liquidity, maybe into this, I would have probably used that as the.
as the stop loss but if we didn't take liquidity there i view it as a liquidity pool that could be tapped and it's not really you're not really invalidating the play like for instance you could easily have gotten stopped out with this stop and this ta been correct because if you're looking at this as a liquidity rate into the imbalance that's really where you don't want to get um get back to this isn't really that substantial so that's kind of just the you know
I guess, duality of perspective of how you could place your stop loss and why. Obviously, you get a much better risk to reward. And maybe this model hits for you more than a wider stop loss. And it makes more sense to use this one because you can take more losses with this model. So that's just both perspectives on the early play. That would have been before the market even opened.
Which up until recently when I've been doing some backtesting I hadn't been very
apt to look for setups like that before market open, but I'm seeing quite often there's a way to catch the manipulation up. Like, let's say our daily bias was down here and we're just looking for shorts. Well, in order to get up there to give us those shorts, we got to take out liquidity, right? So if there's enough of a move to be caught, then you can get in down here like we were just showing cover there.
Not necessary. It's just something you can even study it maybe for a little while before doing it. That way you don't just start aping into trading way too much because that's a thing too. But the second setup would have been pretty clear. You just remember we're above an old high. We're in a premium. We're in an imbalance. So you could lean towards shorts. So if we see a massive push up on market open, we know what that means. All right. Market's going to push up.
take out all the buy stops and then we look for a reverse on the lower time frame so if you look up here
Price started to distribute right here now, you know people that Look at that as the low and that is a reversal pattern That could have provided a early entry to get stopped out But it was just like we were watching live last week when we took the nozzle Even though the cell ended up getting break even it did run 50 points and gave a nice Displacement immediately from our entry now we had a price dig into our
Kind of the negative for drawdown for I think one to two minutes and then we saw expansion like this and The way to do that is just to wait until you get that true displacement break of structure So, you know where you got this massive engulfing right here this candle I ended up adding it acting as a rejection block because we came up above this high and then the Break of structure you're looking to be right there or you can even look at it as this candle closing. So at that point
You would just look for the fair value gap. Boom. That'd have been a very clean entry. Now, what would you have targeted? What I like to do, especially at a point where it's kind of where at that indecisive point, I would just look at the first area of liquidity or first price delivery rate in a premium and take 80% there. So for me, that would have really, or in a discount, I'm sorry for selling, that would have been this fair value gap right there.
It looks like it definitely has went lower, but could have got a very nice trade off of this. Kind of sad that I wasn't at my desk this morning. That would have been more than enough. You could have had the week done right there.
So those are the two ways I see you could have caught trades this morning. Now, another way that I've been looking at is if you miss that move, like let's say you miss the move down off the one minute, you can oftentimes catch it on the five minute. Now, this scenario, you had this fair value gap here.
Maybe you use that to enter. I guess you'd use the bottom if you trade the way I do. And if you use this as a stop loss, you have a sad day today. So a good example of usually the first entry is going to be the better one every time you kind of chase after it. And I don't mean chase after a negative way because these trades do work well a lot of the time. But if you try to catch it on a different entry model on the retrace, either you got to be a little bit more
liberal with your stops and you know just take the trade like that because at the end of the day you know that would have been a great trade too but again you're kind of
Whenever we're at these points where we're indecisive and we're at that daily premium, we could make a move higher. We could make a move lower. The daily has shown us no clear desire. We're just going off of the notion that, yes, we are in a premium on the daily impulse range. Yes, we're in imbalance. Yes, we're above an old high. But just that alone, that gives you a framework that doesn't, for me, that doesn't give me a full bias until I start to see.
You know, maybe like today or tomorrow, give us some bearish price action. So that way we have a daily, you know, this daily candle that's made it up into our area barely, you know, it hasn't even closed yet. So whenever you are trading based off of that framework, let's just say if you took that five minute trade, I personally wouldn't target all the way down in here. It has a very good chance of going there, but I'm just a little bit more conservative whenever we're at these points. Also, what's up, Fernando?
Lunchtime so it's a no trade zone, but I still like to watch price looking pretty nice under this low That's that's gonna be pretty much the same for ES and Nasdaq but another view I wanted to look at now those of you have been watching for a while Make sure you can't see this on monthly
Those of you guys who've been watching for a while know that we said this entire run was going to happen by just using monthly order blocks. Oops, wrong tool. I thought that was the horizontal one. We did the whole video. If you haven't seen it, it's called Will the Markets Recover? It's just a video on my channel. It's one of the few that aren't live streams. But we talked about these two order blocks right here.
And we use this with the 30-year treasury bonds market to determine at the beginning of this quarter, right? Whenever we opened this candle, we opened right here. And I think the video we did was like July 6th. But we said we were looking for a rebound and a retrace because the general sentiment was, you know, market crash, market crash.
The monthly chart, along with the T-bonds charts with the divergence there and where they were at monthly price delivery arrays, that gave us some form of a bias to look for a bullish scenario, at least towards the beginning of the quarter, because a lot of money has shifted around whenever all these futures contracts are delivered and they're delivered quarterly.
So that being said, we also were anticipating more interest rate hikes and more bearish macros. So if that's the case, then oftentimes at the beginning of a very critical time period, you want to see manipulation in the opposing direction of your bias. Just like whenever we look at price after midnight open and we look for a move away from our overall bias. Or when we look at the weekly bias and we look for a early week move away from our...
overall weekly bias it's the same thing just that manipulation and then we get the big move we want so the reason i'm bringing this up is uh you know there's always the chance the curveball chance which i i don't see this happening right now with um
CPI and stuff. I mean, who knows? Never say never. Always want to be trying to look at all the perspectives and then react to them as they happen. But another perspective I see is that we could end up rallying up towards this order block.
But, yeah, that's a pretty big ways up. But, I mean, I'll tell you right now, that would probably liquidate every single bear there is right now, especially. And I would drag the fuck out of Theta on a lot of options. And there's a lot of equal highs up there. I'll just leave that. Oops, not equal lows. I'm not saying I think that that is for sure where we're going, but I will tell you, I mean, I'm not saying it's impossible, you know.
And a lot of times what you want to look for whenever you come down to these monthly levels is you want to look for a weekly level to be created. So if we look at the most recent weekly order block, we could have said it was that right there, just the largest candle. And that's a most recent bearish one that wasn't touching anything down here. But then if we look at the most recent bullish one, it's right there. And you see how we candle shelved right off that.
after we came back down, because this is the premium of this weekly move, the weekly impulse to the downside. But when we're really looking, we also have the potential that price is just retracing into a discount into this order block. And then we're going to seek buy side liquidity.
So that's another potential. That's why when we're at these levels, I'm not going to sit and just tell you, oh, we're 100% going down because all this news, but that's pretty much the full spectrum of what I'm looking at and all of the context that I'm kind of operating in. So I hope that helps. If you guys have any questions, just let me know. Now, as for crypto, crypto has been a bumpy ride, but overall it's done exactly what we wanted minus this dump.
So originally, I think it was two weeks ago, about something like that. We were somewhere in this range. Maybe it was a little less than two weeks. I don't know. But we were in this range right here. And I was looking at crypto as an accumulation, manipulation, and then distribution from there. But what really seemed to be was instead of being a daily power of three, it was more or less found on the four hour. And this was the manipulation.
This was the accumulation and then push up like that. So overall bias was correct as far as the fact that we did say we were going to come back up into this imbalance above these highs and that after we took out liquidity, it wasn't just going to be a free fall to this low.
So it took a little while, but that ended up fulfilling. And now we're kind of in a similar setup as far as the weekly chart on Bitcoin as the NASDAQ and S&P. We're in this weekly imbalance at a premium on the weekly. The daily, on the other hand, now has almost, in my opinion, given us more of a bullish structure because we've came up and taken out a lot of the
highs right here and here and um overall target what i wanted to see was the this ote of the original impulse range and then this breaker block that's sitting at it with this full fill of the fair value gap that was the biggest um point of interest that i had for bitcoin that i wanted us to come up and hit
Anywhere in here is fine. For reverse, I would really like this because it comes back, gives us that optimal trade entry of the first impulse swing of a three drive. The reason that's important to me is on these three drives, whenever we have the true impulse swing begin, the nice thing about playing three drives is they often provide a fair value gap fill with a breaker block because the breaker block had to be about to take stops because we took a lot of stuff. That's really what's happening at three drive is that second liquidation.
So we have one, two, and that makes for one, two, three drives. So on that last drive, we know we're taking stops. So we know somewhere there's a breaker within that. So with that being said, we've got this breaker sitting right at optimal trade entry, and it's at a deep premium of the weekly range. It might even be optimal trade entry of the weekly range. I'm not sure, actually. I haven't done that.
Yeah, it is. These larger lines. It's right at the 705 of the weekly range. So I think that's going to be a likely reversal zone for Bitcoin if it's going to reverse. And we'll provide some nice setups from there. Now, what I would like is if we could get a little retrace on Bitcoin and then come up and tap it.
Something like that. Now, again, we're going to utilize breaker blocks for where I would personally look to play this power of three re-entry if we get it. And it would really be power of three could have already played out because this could have been all the distribution just above these old highs. Because again, just because I'm looking at this zone doesn't mean there's some law that says it has to hit. So we're going to look for signs of reversal along the way anywhere in this potential reversal zone.
So ideally, when I'm looking, I put this on Twitter and I've been telling people in chat, I saw people shorting here. I saw people shorting here. I saw people shorting here. And it's just, I don't think it's ready yet. I don't see any reason to short this. Yes, it's in premium, but that doesn't mean, like I was saying earlier with indices, that doesn't mean we're just going to start shorting shit. So you get maybe really a closure under this line on a four hour chart. I'm not even going to entertain shorting Bitcoin because I know it's easy to forget.
because we're not used to Bitcoin pumping as much recently. But just know that whoever's manipulating Bitcoin, whenever it starts going, there is no, you know, oh, it's gone so far, it has to come back. There is none of that. At some point, yeah, but don't use that to try to trade off of or you're going to get hurt. So I would look at, you know, potential shorts down into this breaker and this imbalance fill. Also, if we look at this, wrong fib.
That would give us a nice retrace into a discount of this impulse move we've made.
So again, we're just watching price bounce from premium to discount from one area of liquidity to the other across all timeframes. And that's, what's giving you swing structure. And that's, what's giving us these market cycles. So we got to remember we're operating in the highest timeframe context, which is the weekly. And we got on the daily, the four hour and try to build off that. So the weekly premium inside this imbalance could see some retracement. You know, we could also see consolidation here and form another fair value gap here.
I don't think the consolidation is likely with all the news, but we could see a retracement and then come up, manipulate all those early shorts, and then make move to the downside. And at that point, let's say if we did that, we came back down from here, cleaned up all the early shorts, and then went down. At that point, I would probably be looking for the range lows. Now, let's go over to DXY.
Wow, it's crazy how big that gap was. I posted it in the server last night, but now with this...
weekly imbalance we've been talking about forever. We came above it at first. Look at the four, I'll be a little cleaner. And then we did something that's very key whenever you're confirming one of these higher timeframes imbalances or any imbalance. Now, I don't teach this concept or edit. Well, I didn't make it up, but it's whenever ICT says something is rebalanced or repriced. So price trades up into it, trades above it, and then falls back under it with displacement.
All right, so that's exactly what we saw here at the dollar. Nice three-drive scenario into our area. So we have these one, two, and then this kind of chop over here was the third drive. Push down with displacement, retrace right into that fair value gap and move down. Now, I put this multiple times that we're seeking this 107 right here. I still am on that narrative.
Now, we're most likely going to come under that before CPI and it's classic news manipulation. Remember, if we're looking for a potential bearish scenario to play out or for CPI to kind of sway investors to lean towards a risk off scenario, which means sell assets and hoard the dollar, we would look for a potential reversal setup on the dollar.
this sell side liquidity, right? And the reason that this is our sell side liquidity is because we look at this range we're within, right? Which is really just this right here. Where are the two points that move the most abruptly? It's not because it's the lowest and highest. This could have made, you know, maybe a little low and then did not. That would have been the sell side liquidity. This is where the sell stops reside because that's where we move the harshest away from. So with that being said,
Sorry, I had to block you out of the damn chat. I just realized she's going crazy on YouTube. Now, sorry, I maybe lose my train of thought. But whenever we are looking at this scenario, we have this imbalance we're consolidating within right here. We're looking at the 15 minute. Are you making... Right now, so far, we've made higher highs and higher lows. Okay. Yeah, that would have been a very nice...
confluence to have, so I couldn't think. So this is a great example of SMT divergence. And this is something that's iffy sometimes using with indices, but if you have a feel for your bias already and you have enough stuff supporting maybe a bearish narrative and you see this, this can be a nice complement to that perspective. So we see the DXY making higher highs.
Right and then we see the S&P making higher highs the Nasdaq making higher highs Right and that was right where our short entry was and you see and the reason that that's important is if we're seeing a Asset that is heavily influenced by the dollar making higher highs
then, you know, at that time, right, when we're making that higher high, if you are also giving or getting signals to go short, like we had, you know, where we had the liquidity rate up and then the low timeframe displacement breaker structure, then at that time, you know, you can use that to potentially enter a sell. Now, remember, one thing that I know whenever I learned SMT was it kind of got under...
under me and mess me up sometimes is it doesn't go much farther than just that higher high. Just because that happens doesn't mean, oh, we're going down, imbalance is filled, we're moving. It doesn't mean anything like that. It just means at that instance, that time that we're saying that this asset was being distributed and the price was being manipulated. So whenever we say it's being distributed, it just means price was pushed up above an area of liquidity in order for
smart money to sell to those buyers. They had to create those buyers because if the DXY is pushing up, that means there's a lot of money flowing out of the DXY. There's a lot of money flowing out of the dollar. Where is it going? Well, if you have a large market cap asset like the NASDAQ or S&P, some of the largest market caps, probably the largest market caps of most equities in the world, you're going to see
a kind of a footprint almost of that manipulation. But again, it's important to not marry that narrative to where now you're saying, okay, we're going to switch bearish. I have to target this low. You know, you want to look on the, you know, where did price push away from? What low did price push away from? Does this look more energetic or does that, right? That's pretty much most of the bias that I was going to give. I'm going to be mainly focusing. I'll do other charts. Let me see if there is.
Okay, now I'm just not seeing this. Would I have set to take the lower entry of stopped on that entry? No, I wouldn't have.
You want to pick one or the other. To me, that would be just reaching because then it's like when you get stopped on both trades, it's just like, damn, you just got your one incorrect analysis just fucked you twice. If you were going to do that, I would risk half on the first entry and then half on the second because you don't ever want one mistake to fuck you twice. You develop and predefine your risk.
based off of, you know, how much am I afraid or how much am I willing to lose if I'm wrong? So, you know, entering a play twice off the same analysis kind of is redundant. You know, you're basically risking 2R on that trade without even, you know, really risking 2R, if that makes sense. Even if one hits, you're not going to profit like you were risking 2R.
And then for Haas, Bitcoin three drive down. Seen some ICT stuff about only using the candle body and not the wick like you've drawn here. So on that breaker block, I'm assuming that's what you're talking to. So the bigger breaker block, I did use the body.
That was why on the four-hour one, which I'm assuming, because the reason I didn't, actually, no, I did. No, I was going to use this candle. Actually, that's right. I marked this up. I was going to use this candle, and then I used this lower candle.
Or for order blocks, I'm not sure. Maybe you were talking about a different setup because it's been like 12 minutes. My bad, I just now saw it. If you were talking about the weekly candle on here, I did the body. But I will say sometimes I do do the Wix. And it's just to me if it's a... Let me try to find an example.
where I use one over the other. So if I have a high volume candle, if I'm on like a daily or weekly chart or even the four hour, I try to use, if I'm using order block theory, I try to use the body because that's how it's taught. But if I'm using like a supply and demand perspective, I would use the Wix because that's just how I learned that. Or let's say if I had a daily candle like
Something like, okay, let me just, I'm just going to try to use this scenario. Imagine if this candle, like imagine if we did this, like we just dump from that, right? Well, that would be considered a rejection block, you know, ICT. And I'm pretty sure he just uses the WIC. I can't remember, to be honest. But for me, I use the whole candle. But I'm just saying there are different situations where they're, you know, technically, quote, a different POI or different kind of block, whatever you're going to call it.
So if I have a higher volume candle and I'm using like an ICT strategy, I'll use that candle. But I also will use the Wix if I'm using a supply and demand. I hope that makes sense because they're really two different strategies. I don't really use supply and demand at all for indices. I think that works better with like alts and crypto.
but I try to use mainly liquidity concepts with indices. So that's, I mean, if we go back, you know, people who play order boxes continuously or four hour order box. And it's like, you had one win here. If you, well, you didn't know you got cucked there. This is where it was goes back. You had one win there.
You got shit on there. I mean, you probably didn't if you're using your lower timeframe confirmation, but you had a lot of wasted time, I guess. And then if we're talking about this.
you know, you would have missed out there. Now, theoretically, if you're using internal structure the way that some of these teachers have taught it, you know, you would have got a nice entry here because see how we came back down under this low right there and took it. So it was like a move, pullback, then that was your internal structure. That's really aggressive, but you can see it worked here because that would have made this.
Man candle and you would have used confirmation throughout but for the most part My opinion supply and demand is not very consistent or time efficient for indices. So I don't really use it Do I like for our Bitcoin for our breaker we are above yeah, I went over that one a little bit already this Thing right here. You mean
If you're talking about this, I'm personally not watching that because the candle took the stops. You can maybe find a lower time frame breaker, but I wouldn't really pay attention to this one personally because theoretically it's already been violated. This one hour breaker right here, you pushed up, you came back down to the breaker, and you basically just moonrocketed off. You wouldn't look at it like a breaker because you would want it to stay under it.
I posted a pretty good graphic in a crypto chat about, uh, there's a type one and type two. Like closures and wicks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, okay. You said, I understand you use bodies for higher timeframes, liquidity and displacement, and maybe wicks and bodies for a church low time for, yeah, exactly. Yeah. If you guys have any coins you want me to throw some TA on, let me know. But, um,
As of right now. Have you done gold already? I have not. Could you look at that real quick? Yeah, I got you. Thank you, bro. I'm just going to clean my whole chart off.
So, I mean, the weekly is super fickle here, to be honest, because gold just does not want to take these lows. There's something, somebody or something is protecting all this for later or whatever they're going to do. I don't know. But gold seems to, at this point, if, you know, we've made this higher high. So we had a low, we had one candle that made a high, and then now we've made a higher high.
So that's showing me the desire to push back up into whatever POIs we have. And the only POI I see is this right here. That's the weekly chart. Again, this candle could just be manipulation. I'm not going to say I would get in the long and hold it here. That's not at all what I'm saying. But just looking at the weekly chart, I think that that's a possibility. We could be drawing up to that. And it would be the gold thing to do.
Depending on how inflation affects tomorrow, it's going to be kind of odd. So the daily chart is pretty ugly in the sense that when I look at the FIB, I really don't see any clean areas except, I mean, up here to be drawing to. So when I'm looking at the weekly and the daily charts, it's telling me we could go higher.
Again, gold has been kind of fickle recently. You know, we would have also, whenever we came up here and fill this imbalance, you would want to just look for the lows, right? Some people are probably watching like, what is this guy talking about? We're not looking for the lows. They're obviously there. Yeah, but the thing is, they've obviously been here in 2021. They're obviously here when we hit them in July. So, you know, I could see a mass, you know, some kind of manipulation to...
kind of trick traders out of these positions the monthly tells me that that's where we're going um overall like we're gonna go down to these lows i i get it but i would i wouldn't be surprised to see some mass manipulation come out and stop out all these shorts because i think everybody looks at that as well even retail is probably looking at that level by now um so i think you'll probably draw up maybe into these um areas up above i don't really see anything on the four hour either that's stopping i mean there's you know
The news and the value of the dollar might soar, which could take a shitload of... I'm reading the chat. Somebody said, I'm bullish. I'm bullish as fuck. Oh, that's N. What's up? You made all the cash back. Hell yeah. There you go. Also in the four hour, we have this supply here, but it was kind of already mitigated. Let me just look at that. I'm like a one hour out of curiosity or 15. Yeah. I actually didn't ever touch it. It's interesting.
That could be a reason to lead towards that even more because if you see that's basically the daily fair value gap a little higher, but That's interesting Yeah, I would overall lean towards that I'd probably be chilling for the most part during tomorrow just kind of like let the smoke clear because gold It was pretty crazy when the dollar moves, but you know it overall look towards that
My gold's been pretty fucking cherry-picking supply and demand lately. It's just like literally order block to order block. Well, demand zone to demand zone. This is where I would draw the wicks. So it's like...
You know, it's just pretty much a stairway up, you know into that POI It seems like now it's probably gonna generate a lot of trend on liquidity and after that I would look for a sell-off You know potentially hit the daily and you come back down take some liquidity then go back up it I mean the weekly is kind of more of a long shot the higher zone
Just because when I look at, I mean, the only reason I'm even considering that is because I wouldn't be surprised for us to move away from this just because of historical price action. And it doesn't look like we took any sell side on the weekly, but on the daily we did at this level right here. As I was talking about earlier, see where, this isn't the only area of sell side of liquidity, right? And this chart for me, I would look at this because price rapidly moved away from it. So sell stops were created there.
i would revisit it once you get up here kind of trade i would have a bullish bias up into that zone okay okay thank you for sure are you trading news tomorrow at all or nothing like that yeah i'll probably wait until after it's done and then potentially trade okay this one this is one of those weeks where i'm not really um
forcing a ton of stuff. Like I'll trade and I'll watch it, but I actually wish I would have been at my desk today. That's kind of sad because it was very clean this morning on NOS. I don't know if we'll have that blessing tomorrow. Let's see what time it is tomorrow, the news. JP Morgan, right, exactly. Fuckin' Algo, it's like literally, it's been manipulating gold for years. Okay, yeah, so it's pre-market tomorrow, so that's good. I always like whenever we get market news before the open.
So he said, can I look at GJ? Yeah, sure. I got you. And then for N, we already looked at SPY, like in-depth. It's like the first 20. Well, N to see SPY and NASDAQ. But why don't I always say NASDAQ weird? Because I'm saying NAS and NASDAQ in my head. Okay, it took these highs.
I had a long. God, I should have just held that shit over the weekend. That's hilarious. I had a long right here. I ended up getting break-evened super early. I don't know why, but my stuff's break-even. That's fucking hilarious. Well, that was my bias for GJ was to hit these highs, but we've already done that at this point. Now, you could look at a potential. Look at the weekly.
I don't know, man. I mean, the weekly could vary. I mean, this is where I would see the buy side on the weekly. It very well could be drawing up to that. But I also look at it like, yes, you don't have more targets on the weekly, but you did just take out these highs right here.
So after you take out buy stops like that, we can anticipate a potential reversal. Where to? I would just look at anywhere down here in this zone. Make it on a four hour for value gap fill. I would probably just mark this right here. It's also the largest displacement.
There's probably some form of flip zones because if you look at all this, there's a lot of supply here and price broke through it. So I guarantee if we were to go down like a 15 minute or something like that, yeah, you'd have this little supply and demand flip zone. You can keep refining. I mean, I don't always do that. So if we draw this to the left, I'm just gonna show you what I'm talking about. So if you see...
Price hit into an old supply zone here, and this would be one of those rejection blocks we're talking about. You just use the wick, because in hindsight, you can use the wick. We probably would have said here. But it seems like all the supply wasn't mitigated out of that wick. Price came above all these highs and into that wick. And we had this little zone over here. And then we paused, pushed right through it. So you can see that smart money, we came up to this level in order to kind of get enough fuel to push it above.
False little move down, taking liquidity from the previous candle, push up. Me personally, I wouldn't refine it as much. I'm just showing you of how you can kind of dissect it. I would just look at the four hour fair value gap. Keep it on there just for fun, because I probably won't be trading this. But that's what I would look for, potential sells down under these lows into discount. So the one hour looks like it wants to give, beginning of the setup.
You'd want to see like a shift down with displacement under that, preferably filling this fair value gap and creating a new one. That would be your ideal scenario. I said ETH. ETH really already came up to where we wanted it. ETH was a little bit, there was less consolidation than there was on Bitcoin. You have this fair value gap right here. Now, ideally, let's actually go to like a four hour.
You know, this whole buy-to-sell range, which was that daily candle, could be, you know, a POI as well. But I think we're seeing some pretty nice displacement here on ETH. We came above these highs over here. So let me just delete all this. So after we come above those highs, you know, just like we were talking on Bitcoin, I wanted that four-hour displacement before I started, you know, thinking about shorts. So here, you know, we've got that. We even got a closure under it.
So what I would look for potentially in this zone is a nice push into it and then hopefully liquidation. Like I won't take the first.
tap off of it. But what I would ideally want is maybe, you know, to push down here and then maybe start to redistribute. So we kind of take the lows, give us a new internal structure. Once price sweeps that liquidity, then, you know, you look for your shift. That's the way I would play it. I wouldn't play just the first tap. Could go without us, but...
ETH looks a little bit more ready for sales, in my opinion, than Bitcoin does. It's higher up into a premium of that weekly range. It's almost filled the fair value gap. Ideally, though, I would like that filled. It's not really required. It came above the old high. Now, with ETH, the main area of liquidity I would be looking at, at least for the target around this, potentially that. But I'd like to also draw the impulse move.
right there. And you would want to watch these zones here because there's a high chance that, you know, just like I was saying with Bitcoin, we get a push down, push up, and then your true push down and induce these cells down here, trap them up above these old highs. And that way we'd be able to fill these last little bit of institutional orders. But it could maybe potential little short-term cells into, you know, if it were me, I would be probably looking at a one hour.
I would be probably looking at this right here. Now it could go lower, right? It definitely could, but maybe just be mindful of that zone.
Because again, we don't want to predict the future too much. I'm just giving the potential narrative that I could see. I wouldn't play off of any of this until I would get confirmation. I just, if I'm, you know, the four hours pretty bullish so far, I mean, internal structure has started to break down, but, you know, that could just be signifying a pullback because we really haven't hit our true, you know, point of interest. We've just came into the fair bite gap. And the breaker block on ETH was already, had already played out before any of this.
Like that. And that's how you want to see a breaker block play out. You don't want to see it, you know, we looked at one a second ago. You don't want to see it do this and then chill and then come down. That's not a breaker block. Breaker block is, price moves so fast through it, it left a fair value gap most of the time. And then you can use that in complement with that gap for, you know, maybe potential sales in this area. Whenever price came up, then came down.
Yeah, I would look for potential cells if the risk to reward was good enough, but I think it's still developing. I wouldn't just take this. And a lot of times when you're playing counter trend, the trade doesn't give the cleanest setup, which is fine. I don't think you ever really want to force that or force a counter trend trade anyways. Counter at least to the intraday timeframes. AXS. Somebody actually was talking about AXS recently. I wouldn't say it's a total shit coin. I mean, it is, but at the same time, it's not. Oh, this looks good.
Just like I just tell you to at a glance this looks good So I'd do is probably refine this down in here into this wick and then go to four hour You're not one hour. I usually don't go lower than one hour. I don't know I don't know if I think you want lower than that. That was the thing Oh, no, that's actually right where you were. So there you go That would be just refined from that one hour. So at that point And we see it's kind of recapping how this could have been played. I've really been watching alts, but um
or these kind of alts at least. So we see the structure's bearish, lower highs and lower lows. So you could have said, really, as soon as you came up above this high, you know, look for an order block. I would have picked this one, but I can't tell if it hit it or not. No, it didn't even hit it. Yeah, I would have got left behind. Big set on that one. That's how I would have looked at it. It looks like it reacted off of, I guess, this candle. I don't know. There's something clearing at one hour.
Maybe just this whole order block would have been the better move. That's probably how I would have played us the other way. But we see the introduction of demand, that sharp move out of our POI so we can confirm that there was a mitigation occurring there. And we came back up. Look at the daily. Didn't really take any liquidity as of yet. I would look at the buy side up there. On the daily, you've also got this imbalance.
Right above it at prime mitigated at this point. Yeah, I mean after you took all these lows Ideally, I would want to see at least we really didn't have much of an imbalance there I want to see this high taken ideally But it seems like daily is kind of just consolidating here and not showing desire to go much higher yet So again, sometimes supply and demand is the move on crypto
But at four hour, because the four hour was really bearish the whole time. To me, this was the swing right there. Came back up into that zone, saw the introduction of supply and never really turned back. So that's, I mean, seems like bearish order flow is in play. I just came all the way back up to get this candle, it seems like. I mean, at this point on the four hour, it would tell me to look for this low down here. And the daily isn't really showing me.
Yeah, I would have thought it went this high. I really would have because it came off these lows really aggressively off of that refined demand zone and expanded up and didn't really fill any kind of fair value gaps or anything like that. But I mean, I would be more short biased here on this one. I mean, not right where we're at, but I would be looking more for those kinds of entries. Honestly, something like up in there. If it comes back up there, set an alert for it. Yeah, right. I just thought you said I'm thinking of the wrapper. That's why I say NASDAQ weird.
So Euro, Luis, that shit went crazy. I saw Meng hit a nice ass Euro long this morning. He hit it during London, I'm pretty sure. Yeah, that shit was crazy. Came back down into that gap that we created with that massive open. And somebody's asking each other, like, what is this? Or somebody's like, this is shit price action. It's because of the wins in Ukraine is why that happened.
It's the only thing that I can think of because think about it. The reason, well, not the only reason, but a big reason that the euro has been going through so much hardship is because Europe's going through a lot of hardship, especially where they're going through potential energy crisis because the whole Russian pipeline being shut down. There's a lot of shit going on that's more than...
a lot of people think about. So whenever we have massive victories like we did over the weekend with Ukraine, you know, you're going to see some movement off that. And now when price came back down into that zone, right, you saw, I'm honestly curious. Yeah, it would have just been the same, you know, normal fair value gap entry. Just break a structure, fair value gap, really either one of those. Crazy, that was a nice move.
Came right up into the daily imbalance and farther and even this four-hour supply zone up here Pipped the top of it. It's a massive move on euro dollar a day and yesterday really I would say you're probably gonna come up above that That would be the next Target because it's the way we created this imbalance coming up into this zone now our prices in this zone Should it doesn't even look bad now? But
Yeah, this looks like it's going for those highs but um FTM is the last one I'm gonna do and then I'm gonna hop off here That was gonna happen. This doesn't look terrible to be honest still developing but what I what I'm seeing is Price came back down to that weekly imbalance fill and
Weekly institutional candle and we can look at this product a three-day order block from that candle right there That's when the sell side was being offered it took all this liquidity even took this old area down here. Then we rocketed right that was right before AXS or not access. I'm sorry ftm went absolutely ballistic. So You know all very key level price came back down to and we saw a demand introduced took a while because I look at it like, you know, this was really the high and This was the low
of that range that little impulse there's nothing else that to me you could pick um but then price came up took that high and now it's retraced all the way back down you know i wouldn't say to use this candle because um for one it didn't take liquidity for two it's already been like dug into by the candle we selected but if we look right here that candle came out and liquidated this whole range so if we go to four hour it's going to be
much cleaner. You could look at this, even this zone, because it's kind of the only zone that's gotten front ran. So you see, that's where he came into. And then not only on the four hour, but on the daily, we saw break this high. Now kind of suspect because of the wicks, right? But we have this imbalance. We're kind of digging into this four hour demand zone. Oops.
I would just look at this whole zone. Now, I wouldn't entertain just a 15-minute. I would need the four-hour internal structure to be bearish and then kind of layer that through. So you'd want the price to come into this zone, tap the zone in a four-hour, sweep it, break that high. So you've got that there. And then now you want to see the 15-minute come back down and do the same thing.
and start to build ideas around that.
Yeah, AXS, I guess it could be considered a shitcoin. I mean, these days, it seems like anything but Bitcoin and ETH are with the market cap sizes. But I think there's still value in that project. Their teams, I don't think they're just trying to rug or anything. And they were kind of the first to do it with crypto gaming as far as like something that went that crazy. So I feel like they kind of have a space. Now, of course, it's going to be tough for them to build with macroeconomic conditions, but I don't think they're going anywhere long term.
Yeah, also thank you too. And what is this right here? Okay, never mind. Yeah, that's pretty much it for today. So indices, be very mindful of really everything. Be very mindful of the news that's coming out tomorrow morning. Inflation is always going to be pretty wild. So you want to make sure you're ready for that. Don't marry one side. Don't be trying to play off news or try to...
uh you know predict the future anything like that just be mindful of it be mindful in a premium right so we're looking for potential signs of reversals but we haven't got them bitcoin i still think it's going to go higher even if it goes lower first so um whichever um move kind of presents itself that's you know what i'll play off of
Yeah. Appreciate you guys. Much love. And yeah, until tomorrow, don't don't get liquidated out there. I'll see you guys later.
