What's up, what's up? I'm watching indices this morning. I'm just not, if I get something I really like, I'll look for a trade opportunity, but I just think we're at super key levels. And one thing I was kind of looking at on the daily charts yesterday is when we're this close to these levels, you know, obviously I would expect these highs to get breached. That's first and foremost. I would look for that.
But, you know, everything's right, all these critical levels, you know, the Nasdaq sitting inside of an imbalance above these equal highs. US 30 still has some room to run. S&P is right under these equal highs. So we're at a lot of key levels. I don't think that, you know, we're going to get some kind of immediate insane expansion. Who knows? I could be wrong. But what I would look for is something similar to this.
The last time we came up into a key level, which was just this daily order block, we consolidated and it seems like a fake bear flag, so to speak, that market makers created in order to induce the retail narrative to buy. And then, of course, they dumped. We could see something like that. I mean, we can always try to speculate.
But I'm more about just waiting till the market shows us its hand and reacting. One thing I am watching, though, for this morning for the S&P, I'm not really looking at the NASDAQ as usual. I like this zone here for a potential reversal. Now, we'll be pretty, like I said, I'm not going to force anything unless I really like it. I would just be looking to take it up to equal highs. But, you know, again, we're not going to force anything here. So as we hang out, I'm going to grab some coffee.
But I am going to be kind of just chilling on this chart. I might do some other charts, but it's right around that time in the morning. So if we can catch a setup live, I'd like to do it. But give me a second while I go grab this coffee. I will be right back. Much better now. I got some coffee. So, yeah, US-30. I've noticed, I mean, I would entertain something in this zone. But really, US-30 plays better, in my opinion, with supply and demand. It almost trades.
cleaner. I mean, we see these really early morning lick rates like right here into these imbalances that provide pre-market opportunities. So that's at like six in the morning though. So US 30s, it's different. It trades like almost like a Forex pair. But, you know, actually I would just mark this whole zone because I think that's a 15 minute order block or not order block, fair value gap. I would entertain this.
So what I'll do is for this, I'll just set an alert since it's not down there. And TradingView can't seem to get their shit together to get both my charts right if I watch two. So I'm just going to watch one at a time.
I wanted to see USD because I know I looked at it this morning, yeah, and it looked rough, which this would be good for the bulls. It seemed like it just kind of peeped these highs real quick. I can't tell if it actually did or not, actually. Let me see. It's 108.93943. Yeah, it pipped those highs. Impulsive move away from that. Oops, wrong thing.
So that's good. Now we are kind of like in the liquidity objective for that move just on the four hour chart. But we could definitely move a little farther down into a premium or a discount of this impulse move. Maybe somewhere here. But this is really the first imbalance I see. Overall border flow seeming to be bullish recently. But this little lick rate, depending on how we react from this, that will tell us a lot. So what I'm looking for here on SPY is a...
break above a low time frame swing high with displacement. So for instance, if we can get a nice push above this, or let's say we kind of go down, usually we'll make a couple of drives down, but if we can get a nice push above any of these highs, even if it's not, one thing I want to say about playing these setups is a lot of people think you have to come down and take the low for this to be a high. This could very well do this number.
If it just takes a high, it doesn't have to be our technical high that created a new low or a strong high, just any high. Any candle that has a candle to the left that's lower and a candle to the right that's lower. That's all I'm looking for. If anybody wants to unmute their mics as well, please feel free to do so. I'd rather people talk than just sit here. I know that some people can't for whatever reason, but... What's up, Bill? How you doing?
You shorted at 10 a.m. this morning. You're up. What's good, Casper? What's good? Chilling. Taking all the bookies' money? Yep. How long have you been sports betting?
like a year and a half. Hell yeah. Do you just like, so you just, do you actually watch all this shit or you just kind of know what's up? Like you just play the game. Well, I started with hockey cause I played hockey my whole life. So that shit was light. And then I just fucking started watching boards. Like I don't watch like the tennis shit basically cause I don't know. Fuck tennis. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. You, where are you? You say you play hockey. You're probably from somewhere up North or no.
Yeah, I'm from New York. Oh, hell yeah. What part? Long Island. Hell yeah. That's what's up. You don't have that New York accent, though. Yeah, I know. Because I lived in Canada for like five years. Oh, hell yeah. Is Zion Mike in here? I don't see him. I don't think so. Let me see. Nope.
And you guys watch the Yahoo coverage of the stock market, like live, the YouTube? No, I've never. It's actually, it's pretty decent, but they just had the head of Uber Freight on.
That is the craziest fucking thing. He's talking about, like, last-minute pickups with no drivers, just autonomous, or however you say that, sorry. Autonomous? Yeah, no, I know what you meant. Yeah, Uber Freight, those motherfuckers are a pain in the ass to work with. I remember working with them sometimes. But that idea, that's where they'll come in crazy is when that starts. I think that's probably their whole plan overall. That's got to be, like...
I see a lot more problems than more good that can come out of that, but it is a crazy idea for sure. Yeah, no, for sure. So it looks like we might get what we're looking for, because what I want to see mainly is once we get a displacement break of structure and we close nice, it's going to be a three candle formation, so it's no need to rush. Really, the first check is getting a break of structure there with displacement, which we're seeing right now. Preferably get a closure.
but it's not like looking like a liquidity raid and then another candle will close after it and then we'll form a fair value gap dude why can't i hear any thing you still can't hear i guess not so now i'm gonna let this candle close okay so what i'm gonna do is i'm just gonna go ahead and um i'm just gonna hop in here so we're close enough to this fair value gap for me so that's a 7.5 stop loss i'm rushing to try to signal it
That'll probably be the only trade I take today too. I'll just chill on that and see how it goes. But yeah, if anybody has any, so that's kind of what I was waiting on was then to review exactly why I took that long as the daily bias is that we need to rate these equal highs, right? We're looking at that as our draw on liquidity, or I am at least. So including a 15 minute in the morning, we saw a push down.
And we rated that low into a fair value gap. Also, I guess this would be a higher time frame demand zone. And then the high right here was taken, right? It's not the major high. I guess both of them really were, but we had our fair value gap. So, you know, we entered a little higher. It was, I think it's.
two pips or a pip and a half higher so that was fine for me you know you could have waited now the way some people play it is they wait for equilibrium of this fair value gap or they might wait for the fill of it or they'll use the demand zone or maybe whatever you do you just got to do it all the time so me if it's within one to three pips i'll just take it it looks like that little order block here may have been the sniper entry i guess but um
It just stops under the recent low. The only thing about this, sometimes you'll get stopped on it and it'll go again.
that's kind of the decisional point for me because you can always see it move to the downside or maybe move up to the upside and the impulse move in the morning. You know, if there's maybe like a massive imbalance or something, sometimes it'll just come down and stop you out. But I just execute whenever it's there. So we'll see how it goes. So I said, do I like Nas here as well? Yeah. I mean, I think that Nas almost looks like it does. I mean, I could see it wanting higher.
But for me, it's just like SPX and US-30 is here. So it's kind of like, I mean, take it as you will. I'm not saying they won't do well, but I would look at NAS as the more likely option. I mean, sorry, SPX. I don't want to confuse anybody. It's a nice little reaction off our zone down here. We didn't enter off that. Of course, we entered right here.
I'm trying to see what kind of RR. Is that right there? I'm going to take some profits there if you'd like. And then right there. And also, the reason I was looking for this at the time when we got on it, it usually occurs around this time if it's going to happen. If we get that reversal, it'll happen around this time. Between anywhere between like 9.45 and 11. What is Bitcoin doing? Shitting the bed. Yeah, it's super weak here.
I'm still going to make this infographic. Let me go to a different chart. You know, you would have thought, I mean, this is just solidifying what I've been thinking is just this three drive right here. There's absolute raids on liquidity inducing longs. Money is getting cycled. Profits are getting cycled. All the FOMO retail buyers are trying to get in because they feel like they've missed the next Bitcoin thing. Oh, somebody said ETH short range. Here, I'll peep that real quick.
Maybe some up there. I don't know. I barely pipped that high, but I guess, I mean, it pipped it. So could have seen something up in that region. I can't say I would have taken it. About stopped you out. If you had spreads with the actual set stop, you probably got stopped because Ethereum spreads are pretty rough. But where's my tool?
I would have looked at it like, it's the same thing kind of we're just playing, you know, that low was taken with displacement. The displacement's really the key factor. You could look at, okay, well, what fair value gap is, this is a pretty big move, is in a premium. So you could have said, you know, the first one in a premium you take should be that. You would have gotten entered in something like this. Now, if you use this, you would have got stopped out. If you use this,
With the spread, like if you actually had a set stop loss, you also would have gotten stopped out. But risk reward with the spread would not have been that great for me, just because if I'm playing a 15-minute liquidity raids, it looks like Spy is moving. Hold on. Okay. Nice little move so far. If we could break above that first take profit nicely, that'll be pretty bullish just because we have these equal highs right here and then this imbalance. It's the only thing that I see. It's really an obstacle.
But back to Ethereum. Yeah, I mean, I would have played out, I guess. But for me, Ethereum, I have to be swinging it or at least be playing a higher timeframe because the pips, it's like, I'm like literally my spread, it'll put me in $4 from where it actually is, which is a lot. But when you say ETH short range, I'm not sure exactly. If you want to elaborate more, we can go into it.
If anything, I do see a lot of equal highs. That's the same thing with Bitcoin. That's why I think if we don't start to...
see some kind of reaction like really where we're at or at the most this low we're going to go down back into this imbalance and possibly even lower just because you know if smart money's not buying up these lows at all then i don't really even see necessarily a reason that these highs are going to get taken first um even though that's what i was hoping for i wanted these highs to get taken but again everything's at a lot of key levels um
So it's like, again, I'm not rushing anything. To me, the daily is showing clear desire to draw down, and this low could be of interest. But if we don't see a reversal there, I would really look down in this area, all of these lows. Yo, yo. What's up? Bro, I've been watching you on Twitter for like 20 minutes, dog. Yeah. Yeah, I'm over here cleaning up the crib. I didn't even realize you were live on Facebook. What's up, Trey? Yeah. How you doing?
I'm wonderful, fam. How are you? Shit, I'm good. Just sipping some coffee. Streaming. Yo. Hey, I'm cleaning up my kitchen right now listening to you, dog. Hell yeah. Yeah, sir. I don't know. Bitcoin, it just looks like the sell side's clearly being... That's what's being sought after by market makers. I mean, these lows hold interest, too.
Nice setups happening really early morning. Like there was a nice setup right there. I wasn't on the charts at that time. This is actually much cleaner in my opinion than ETH, but you had to look somewhere like in here.
And your targets would have been a bit lower because that was a higher time frame clear raid. So after that, it's like a three drive. I would just look for the major low down here, right there. That would have been a pretty nice opportunity. But again, I wasn't on the charts at that time. Bitcoin's been moving really, it's been moving cleaner than a lot of stuff recently. As far as with liquidity raids, that would have been a really nice trade. But it still looks like even more downside.
Yeah, SPX saw a little bit of reaction off these highs right here. We'll see. I mean, really, we could even still come down on the fair value gap. But the thing about these trades is sometimes they get really choppy and you just got to let your stop loss and your take profits do their job and let the market do the hard work for you. They said BNB.
i still would rather have these highs taken right here it's just odd to me that those are getting preserved i mean if they get preserved that would be bullish in the long run like later down the road um i like this right here a lot on bnb oh damn bill i'm talking loogies this guy but um you got these equal lows right here and then you got a daily imbalance right there
So that holds a lot of interest for me on BNB. I'll actually set an alert for that. Because if you get under that and you do hold bullish, I would look for these equal highs. Because they're being preserved for a reason. Now, they might get tagged first. I don't know. We'll see. But that would be the narrative that I would see is come down, liquidate these late longs, then liquidate the shorts, and then start to move down for the true move. That was an old alert.
Another pair I was looking at that I think setup is developing on is USD Swissy. Now, it's coming up and filling this imbalance. This morning gave a nice little entry here. It's crazy. The camera is coming right back. The US dollar is gaining value, but not really that crazy.
This pair is like max manipulation because, for instance, price came up and it really did get a break of structure. This is why displacement is key. We look here, price got a break of structure, but not with displacement. So then what happened, price came up and wicked out all those early shorts. And then it got another break, but nothing's really clear. It's almost compressed. Now in the five minute, there was an opportunity.
But the targets weren't really. There's sell-side liquidity here, and then there's also equal lows right here. It looks like that's what it reacted off of, and that was what I was afraid of. If you look, it would have been something like this plus spreads on this pair is not the greatest. It wouldn't even have been 2R, probably 1.5 after spread. But above these highs, if it starts to sell off, there might be an opportunity there. I don't really trade Forex after Killzone, though, so I'll just wait until tomorrow and see how it's played out.
Euro. Bags, are you still in those shorts, by the way? I don't know if he's here. I know he was in these shorts. Sorry, I was reading something. Euro seems to be just clearly just down only right now. I think all these lows are being seeked. I can see longs, you know, but take profits pretty aggressively. It's starting to move cleaner again there for a while. It was just like fucking ridiculous. Did this clear? Yeah, I did clear that. Barely.
That happened in London. Yeah. And right there. Really, liquidity rates and fair value gaps is all you need, especially with Forex. Do I hold on to any coin for long-term spot? I have a little Litecoin, but... Oh, I see bags. You tag me. But not really right now, personally. I'm not even going to cap. I have no idea how you put 8 pips, stop loss, and FTMO. Do you have the price, LMAO? I'm not on FTMO, but 8 pips is like just 8. Okay, so...
It was $8, I should say. But this price is not going to be the same as FTMO, but just under the lows. So it would be like these lows minus another dollar. I think it's actually less than $8. It's like $7.5, but still. So there's a five-minute little fair value gap here, too. I mean, NOS is giving a setup, but for me, I'm just like, it's not...
My daily bias with NOS is like this is when I'm just kind of chilling because I could see it pulling up. I mean, who knows? We could come all the way up to these highs. But once we clear equal highs, I usually want to give it like a day or two to decide because, you know, if we just let's just say we have another bullish day here, that'll tell me that we're drawing higher up, that these highs weren't the overall objective.
Somebody asked, can I check? To me, NOS was overextended and SPY and Dow are catching up. Yeah, no, 100%. I mean, I don't know. I mean, I agree. That's why I'm not, like, messing with it right now, but I could see it go higher. That's the crazy thing. Like, I mean, like I said, if we get a strong daily close here, I mean, I would look for the minimum that's in balance, and if not, higher. But we'll see, because, you know, this is where you're, like, really breaching, like, where I'm like, okay, holy shit.
So, CHC. This one in a minute. Yeah, definitely had a rally. I would monitor it. I mean, this is, like, that is what I was talking about, like, with NAS. See how he came above those highs, and it just is, like, pushing, right? So, it's going up towards something else. It's, like, on a weekly. So, now you're starting to, why is that not? I want to show.
So this is where you're probably drawing into is that weekly imbalance. I would probably look for price to consolidate and then show you its hand. I wouldn't really force anything here because you're at that key level where that weekly draw is met. You know, the daily, you've cleared out these equal highs. If you look at that as a supply zone, I'm sure in a lower timeframe, it probably is some kind of flip zone. But, you know, looking at this, you've got, you know, an imbalance right there.
And also, I think that, you know, some of these alts, they've made really big moves, but...
I wouldn't be surprised to see a lot of it get retraced as they usually do. So I wouldn't FOMO into anything like this. Usually once you see something that like had a big pump, it's like it's over. You know what I mean? Like if something has a massive rally, if anything, look for like, what is it drawing to? And then, you know, look for those signs that it's reversing. You know what I mean? Don't try to like participate, which I'm sure you're not, but just food for thought for anyone listening.
gold did it clear the lows yet dude i swear gold is the most like fucking manipulated shit dude it's crazy like it does like the weekly it's just it's fucking it's like it's comedy it really is like it's legitimate comedy how this i mean it's fun to trade intraday but i only scalp it for that reason like imagine if you were swinging something and you swung it like i don't know from up here and targeted that and weren't paying attention it just rallies it could still clear the lows for sure but
How was that trade it took yesterday? I think we reviewed that, didn't we? Just a liquidity raid setup. Simple thing, like the same setup that we've been looking for in quite a few different things. But, oops. Yeah, I'm not really a big fan of this right here, so I'm just kind of...
Why is that one candle, the SSL on USD Frank? For this timeframe, I just look at it as the last clean low where price impulsively moved away. Now, one could say it was down here, but for me, I look at it like there was a pretty clear push. Price came back down and these imbalances pushed away, so there's probably going to be some stops resting there.
Now, theoretically, we could really move it. You could actually move it to this area. I'm just looking for the last areas that we made an impulsive push off of. That's really it. It's moving crazy this morning. I guess not even really morning anymore. USDCAD. I wouldn't really count on that. I'm getting hit. If anything...
I would watch price on the side that's fair about you got. Ideally, I'd want to have it front ran by a high first. If we go to a lower time frame, there's probably an order block there. Anytime you have wicks like this, see how there's this buy to sell? That's usually some form of supply. If you're looking at it from a perspective of supply and demand, you could look at it for an entry in this area as well.
But I kind of want this. We'll see how it develops. Now, let's just say we push down a little bit and, you know, that's more in a premium and we start to consolidate and there's a high formed above this area and we run that high into it. That's that's more what I would be when I would entertain it. But for me, really, I almost require a lick rate at this point. It doesn't have to be a high time frame lick rate, but I want some kind of liquidity and stop ran to be in play.
For me to want to participate, but I like this setup. I mean overall my daily bias Which it's odd. It's kind of oops
I wanted this high to get taken right here because it seems like we pushed up. I don't know what else we'd be drawing to. I mean, I wouldn't consider any of this much liquidity here. I mean, on the four-hour, yeah. If you look at the four-hour, it's kind of given those supply and demand confirmations. But if anything, if I look to take those shorts, I would look to take them maybe down into this imbalance here because it seems like that's, you know, if we close a day like this, price seems like it wants to push down for whatever reason. GRT. Yeah, sure. Somebody tagged me. I heard it.
If y'all can, please put it in a late night crypto vibes, like the actual chat, because I feel bad I'll get off stream. And then there's like shit and trading stream, crypto chat, all different streams. And I just can't, I won't see them all. There's no way. But I want to be able to answer everything. GRT. Okay. I guess we charted this recently or somewhat.
What is this from? I think it was a Daily Institutional Candle. Went a little deeper. This was the actual point of interest. Also, someone said, can I check AVAX? There's so many different fucking chats going right now. Just to clarify, because if you go over to the voice chat we're in, literally on top of where it says, not stream chat.
But where it's late night crypto vibes, there's literally a messenger box on it. I know it's kind of weird. Where Gryalve, you just got it right. But I'll do GRT and I'm going to do AVAX. So it looks like it followed somewhat. It went over down below this zone. It's been a while. Definitely drew up to that daily imbalance. Came up to this daily supply. Probably a weekly imbalance here. Maybe not. Weekly order block or weekly supply zone right there.
We could refine it, I guess, but it seems like we definitely had a nice reaction off of that. So we are back down in this imbalance. So we're at a potential area where we could reverse. Let me delete this. Hold on. I don't know how that did that.
We are in a potential imbalance, or I mean, potential reversal zone inside this imbalance. Not really any, it's not showing much strength here. So it's not something you want to just say we're going to bounce. You don't want to just expect that. But it is starting to compress a little bit here. So really what I'd be looking for, also it looks like you're coming out of this little sell to buy range, a four hour.
It's a pretty wide range. I like this right here. Okay, that's what it hit off of. And the reason I like this, we've talked about this in the, you know, why we select, you know, certain POIs. Let's see how this, you know, that wick right there, it came down on it. There was some form of liquidity rate, maybe in a lower timeframe, but it rated some form of liquidity and then really started to expand. So nice reaction right there. Oh, it seems like SPY is finally moving.
There we go. But GRT actually might want some smoke here. We'll see. But it's a nice reaction off this refined zone. So what we want to see here is a 15-minute high get taken with displacement. And for this, I want to actually go by structure. We don't have that occurring yet for me. Actually, we could use this. Never mind, because I didn't see this didn't get taken right there. So you do have it there. So then...
I'm just going to use this last candle and I'm going to refine this on a five minute. I haven't been playing as much supply and demand entries recently. This one's kind of fickle because it seems like this was already mitigated. So I'm wondering why price came back down again. Not really a cleanest setup because you see, yes, technically a high did get taken because we came up, pushed up. This is a more aggressive plotting of...
Highs and lows so I'm gonna chill on it, but I do like the potential Reversal I almost want to see this get taken so I'm gonna send an alert here
So after that, I would look for a five minute confirmation entry. Main thing I want to see, too, is just displacement, you know, because, yes, we are in a potential reverse zone, daily order block, this and that. I get it. And I could see us coming up a little more, you know, if we start to reverse. But I still want to see that displacement where we have a little bit clearer.
you know, I guess, footprint of institutional involvement. So I'm going to do AVEX next. Somebody said something about, oh, what's up, Smoker? Smoker said something about SHIB, and then Adeliki has a question. If we don't see a liquidity grab, should we expect a liquidity raid? Yeah, check out SPY. Yeah, is it railing? Yeah. Oh, yeah. So to answer that question, oh, nice, we've already almost cleared two TPs.
To answer this question, a liquidity grab and a liquidity raid are the same thing. I think they're just different terminology. I see people call what I call a raid, they'll call it a grab. There might be a little confusion there. I could be wrong. Maybe you're talking about something else. With smart money, there's so many different terminologies that it can get confusing.
If a liquidity grab doesn't occur, like for instance, if you break a high or break a low and you see no signs of smart money buying up those stops, then you can always look for the next area of liquidity because it might be drawing to that. Okay, let's TP2 before I can tie it. That was a nice little morning trade. See what I was saying about how I can get choppy.
Like, see, we came up and it cleared all these highs and we saw some, and this is a good little study case. And this is why, you know, price is price and orders are orders. So whenever price moves from one area of liquidity to another, it's just playing ping pong to with where there are orders. So for instance, we came down to this fair value gap. You know, we determined that there were orders here because we got a break of the structure with displacement. So the market.
saw an inefficiency between supply and demand so large that it had to rush to where there wasn't an inefficiency. Where was that? Equal highs and an imbalance. Now, these are probably algorithmic orders that were input to raid and push price into these areas. So there wasn't much left behind. Those have already been closed because they don't intend to continue to push price that direction. So once price comes up into it, we see an impulsive move away, another impulsive brace of structure telling us it's going down to where?
the next liquidity objective, which is the fair value gap. Now that we took that out, where is it going? The highs. And once you see a reaction above one of these areas with this placement, then you can determine that we're seeking the opposing liquidity. It's really not as complicated as a lot of these gurus and teachers want to make it seem. It's just price is doing whatever it needs to do in order to move. Because without orders, price is not going to move. It would just sit there.
That's what smart money is doing is they're manipulating liquidity in the form of retail or a lot of times institutional stop losses because there is liquidity above this, above this, above that. There's liquidity in these imbalances.
And price is just drawing towards it. And that's why on the daily chart, we use the higher timeframes to determine where we think price is drawing to on the grand scheme of things. And then from there, that's where we can determine or build our daily bias and the narrative that is taking place. And you can do it on any timeframe, but I recommend paying attention to the higher timeframes more. Nice little morning trade though.
Nothing crazy. The rest of it I'm going to hold up to these highs. If we make it there today, we'll see. It's always fun to call Trade Live because you guys can actually see what I'm looking at and exactly what I was thinking. So a liquidity rate before the POI and a liquidity rate at the POI.
Oh, okay. I see what you're saying. So like, say if like, there's a, sorry, I missed, I completely misunderstood that. So say, let's say here's the POI and let's say that's really, this is actually a really good question. So everybody needs to pay attention to this because this is a problem that I had whenever I started smart money and trading supply and demand. So this is why I tell people not to get too black and white. So let's just say we have two scenarios.
We have scenario A where, you know, price has kind of front ran the zone and then comes into our POI. So we've got a liquidity rate. So here, you know, you're going to see that first stop hunt, right? That low is almost always going to take it. And it kind of has to in order to give you a good entry, right? So, you know, if...
Otherwise, you'd have to come all the way up here. But now if price is coming into a POI, let's say like this right here, and price hasn't really rated any kind of higher timeframe liquidity, I think you're more likely to see that happen. And then oftentimes that means there's another POI down here or an imbalance just below. Hold on one second, guys. All right. One second, guys. All right.
So I hope that helped. I hope that, yeah, so you said, yes, that's it. Okay, I hope that helped. So, and a lot of times it just comes down to really getting like a deep understanding of what's occurring. Because a lot of times, like I said, you know, in this instance, you're going to see, oh, the four-hour POI. It's just black and white, 15-minute broke structure. But, you know, we're failing to realize that, okay, well, why wasn't it a liquidity rate? Smart money, you know, usually will run liquidity. Hmm, like let's look left. Maybe this POI you're looking at.
on the next time frame down is a very clear POI where the impulse move really began. And that four-hour candle might be really big. And then now while you may have good psychology and be able to execute both of these, you take the loss here and then you execute here and make it up, but you didn't have to take this loss. And it just comes from, I think that requiring a liquidity raid in your trading plan is pretty good.
i liked i like it because it's it gives you um a less probability of being stopped out because that has already happened you know what i mean that's why with indices indices are brutal like absolutely brutal i wait for a liquidity rate after equity open
Like every time. Because if you see the little like bull run that happens right at open, you know, often gets, I mean, like everybody that just was watching their screen and they're just like, buy, buy, buy, stops under here, which a lot of people don't necessarily have stops there. Maybe they're trading options, but let's say they do, you know, smart money is going to come and clean them. It's, they're going to get cleared. Almost every, now I will say that a lot of times recently, this shit has just been going.
For instance, yesterday, it was just carnage. You just could have waited until 9.30, pressed by, and you would have been able to catch the entire move of the day from the bottom. But a lot of times, it doesn't happen.
What did NOS do? God, NOS moved nice too. But see, that's the thing with me is, I mean, it theoretically would have more room, but it's just at that point where it's like, oh, wow. See, that's the thing with the US 30. Like, it just didn't even, US 30 moves crazy. It really does. Now, the best way to trade 30, in my opinion, is just trading, it seems like before, like, look at this. Literally, every day before the market, 8 a.m.
6 a.m. That's when the move of the day on 30 happens a lot of the time. A lot of it, let me see.
A lot of it's just Tokyo liquidity rates. For instance, Tokyo liquidity rate, this was a little more than just a liquidity rate. But once you see those Tokyo lows get cleared a lot of the time, like this you didn't, here was a very good example. If you just watch for that, a lot of the times you're going to be able to catch pretty clean news. It doesn't happen every day. Obviously, nothing's perfect. For instance, when it's the opposite direction, like liquidity rate to the upside, we had to move down that day. Liquidity rate right there.
This was a weird day. Not much movement. Moving crazy. It's going to those equal highs. SPX just needs to follow it. Oh yeah. Fuck yeah. This is something else I wanted to go over.
This is going to be developing set up to USDJPY. I want to give it a little bit of time because we did just like, again, we filled this daily imbalance. To me, you know, this would be considered a weak high looking at it from a structural point of view, but I could see some potential moves to the downside just because this massive imbalance that got filled. Now, you know, on the four hour, it's a strong high, but the daily it's weak. So I'm not going to be picky with this. I really want to see structure develop here.
I want to get like a 15 minute minimum break. So we got that. And I want to see all the timeframes go bearish within that. So any imbalance, you know, actually it might be giving it. It still has some of the four hour imbalance. It's not really seeing massive displacement really. Like it seems like the supply came in here. And if we look at the 15 minute, yeah, we got to break a structure. But as soon as we hit this, we kind of wick back up pretty hard.
It's an iffy one for me. I'm going to let it develop. I may miss out on it. We'll see. But I might get some tonight during Asia with this pair. It moves pretty nicely during Asia, but I'm going to be patient with it. But it is giving structural confirmation, but just not as enough clear levels for me that have been broken. Or met, not broken, I should say. Like the four-hour, we haven't really reached up into here. The daily, we haven't.
Or no, it was the one hour and the four hour, I'm sorry. We haven't reached up into where the supply really was entered or injected in the market. Somebody said, my reason of asking is we have a one hour order block on Bitcoin, but I can't identify liquidity, an area of liquidity, I guess you're saying before it. Like right here, is this what you're talking about?
For one, it kind of already got tapped. Like this is already mitigated by this candle. In my opinion, any orders that were here got mitigated here. So if anything, it would have been here and that's already been violated. So I wouldn't pay it much. Again, for me, I'm pretty short biased on Bitcoin as of right now. I mean, I wouldn't short it right here, but I wouldn't be personally, I wouldn't be really like hunting for longs. Because yeah, there might be an order block, but you might just like, for instance, let's say if we were in an order block right now, like let's just imagine.
We're in an order block here and you get a five minute confirmation and you long right here. Well, it can literally just turn around on you right there. You see what I mean? Because, you know, the order flow, the institutional order flow is bearish. So we're seeing that displacement with breaks of structure to the downside. And there's orders most likely all up in here that when price comes up, we might see a reversal. Now, it's not guaranteed you'll see a reversal, of course, but.
You know, once the institutional order flow is bearish, meaning that we're seeing lows taken with displacement, because like, for instance, the lows get taken, price comes into this imbalance, there's orders remaining, pushes us down. The lows get taken, price comes up into these lower time imbalances. What happens? Lows get taken. You see what I mean? So that's like an institutional order flow looking bearish. Okay. Also, somebody just, I guess, asked the same question, right? Consider the lit grab and market structure break on the one minute.
as a condition to look for an entry i mean don't get me wrong like you could you could play it potentially but you have to understand like you know just because there's an entry doesn't necessarily mean that there's a great exit so for instance in this scenario for me i mean the only break of structure that it really had displacement for me was like up here um there might have been something like a three man i think you said
It really didn't come back into an imbalance. I mean, I see it. I could see a push up, definitely. But where would I see it to? First, I'll just draw a... And when you're playing liquidity raids, it's really important not to try to... If you're using external liquidity, target internal liquidity. So like, for instance, if you're using a liquidity raid, try to find a price delivery array, like a fair value gap or something in this impulse move that just happened. To me, I would look at...
it's finicky because, you know, you do have a high right here. You also have a fair value gap right here. So it might be one that I would look at like, you know, is it worth it? You know, something maybe to test and like learn from it. You know what I mean? Because it's like the first target. Well, actually, it's not terrible if you held it here. Now, this is a finicky one, to be honest, because, you know, the R is good for me for liquidity rates.
But that's where I would like to take it. Just the first liquidity target at a premium in this range. The impulse move that just happened. Like whatever impulse move caused the liquidity rate.
You know, because oftentimes prices is like we're just saying, whenever we have institutional order flow that's bearish, we're just looking for price to come rebalance smart money's books and then seek the sell side liquidity. And how do we confirm that that's not the case? A break of structure in the high timeframes with displacement. And that's how you can look at structure from a more institutional perspective than rather just highs and lows. Because oftentimes you'll see that that narrative goes against sometimes what a basic structural.
um perspective would look like seems like spx doing nice there we go yeah those of you guys that are um in spy i don't know how many people i feel like a lot of people don't really trade uh metatrade in some of the server i mean most people aren't on binance and stuff but um i honestly like metatrader better i know it sounds weird i'm just used to it now nice move coming to lunch too i mean it was
Um, pretty strong coming into the launch. US-30 clear them yet? Nope.
See, Nas, dude, the stocks are starting to just give that up only vibe. I hate being like that, but like, fuck bro, like at least for a little bit, because this kind of reaction here, like, you know, again, I want to see a closure of this daily candle and then how the next daily candle starts to open and what kind of price action we see. But, you know, France, if we close a candle looking anything like this, or especially an up candle, and then tomorrow we start to see price seeking the sell side or immediate expansion, I would look for like.
Almost 13,950s. It's wild, man. That little pullback you see right there is that expected little profit-taking right there above these highs. So again, it's just prices bouncing between areas of liquidity. And any one of them, you can see a major reversal. You really never know for sure. That's how we confirm them with the lower timeframes. Also, I'm glad that helped you out. And honk, let's look at fill or file. I always call it fill.
Seems like it reacted pretty impulsively off of this somewhere up in that region. Generating liquidity, it's kind of just consolidating here. I would look at these equal lows somewhere in this imbalance. That would be where I'd be forming my narrative around, if you will.
this imbalance looks very nice. You know, I actually sat on an alert for this. I'm not going to be day trading it, but like for instance, like that, if I'm looking at this, I'm going to be more short bias. Now I will say it's consolidating kind of, you know, just moving, I guess, oh, not at equilibrium. It's kind of just consolidating. I mean, I don't know. It may not end up breaching it because.
Yeah, I don't know. If we get a spring under this and then an immediate break structure to the upside, buckle up. That shit is going straight to fucking $10, if not higher. Yeah, that's kind of where I would be at on Filecoin. I would wait for that, though. I'll set an alert for it.
Somebody said, starting watching your videos earlier and I'm hooked. Great job. Awesome. For real, thanks. That means a lot. Makes my day to see stuff like that. Helps me out too if you want to hit the like button. I sound like a fucking YouTube. I guess I am a YouTube guy now, huh? But I don't want to be like other YouTube guys that are douchey. But it does help me a shitload. When you guys comment, when you like everything, it helps insanely. I never realized it, but I started actually working on trying to...
to be optimized i guess be the word and it makes a huge difference youtube algorithm is crazy especially with live streams like for instance when you guys start commenting i'll start seeing people pop in um from uh different uh and i can tell it's not people that you know are in the server or are um from twitter or anything it's from the browse feature because i can see it i don't know this looks fire if we if we like i said if we clear all these lows and then you see a displacement to the upside
fucking sailors accumulating. Sailor holds a shitload of this, I'm pretty sure. I want to say, I know that Grayscale does too. I just, my mind went blank. Is it Grayscale or is it like a different? Yeah, thank you, Adeliki. Adeliki's an OG. He's been here a lot of the time, so I really appreciate you. Let's see, I'm getting pings. Forex chat. Oh, it's something else.
I don't know why. I turned my notifications off for Discord one day on my fucking PC, and then now it literally won't show. It doesn't pop on my screen. I have to go to my Windows thing. Oh, AVAX. I'm so sorry. Are you still in here? Yeah, you are. AVAX. I'm bad about that. Look at the weekly. Hmm.
This is odd because, for instance, see how we moved past. Is it past? It's kind of like right on. No, it is past. See how we moved past the equilibrium of the mean threshold of the body. So if this was, I was looking at a daily institutional order block, I wouldn't want it to go above that on this time frame. So if it goes higher, it tells me that price might want higher.
So I'm gonna mark this high I'm not gonna say it's our draw or anything But I'm gonna mark it and I usually wouldn't look at that But it might it tells me there might be some stops up in that area Also, you've got this massive imbalance up here. I wouldn't really pay that too too much mind yet Anywhere really in this region could potentially be a nice buying opportunity But that's what it seems like to me that price is drawing to is that down in here coming back down into a pre or a discount I do and I'm gonna go back to I just want to see okay, it's pushing again
i'm just gonna set alert for this um so for avax as a lot of crypto i think it could see some retracement
I would look anywhere in this imbalance here under these lows. So I would look to target the sell side. And let's just see in the low timeframes how that narrative looks. So for me, it doesn't look as clear as Bitcoin. And there are still some... Oh, I got WIC. It did. Never mind. Yeah, actually, it looks pretty bearish. So see how on the high timeframes we rated that high. And then price kind of consolidated. And then we got that displacement break of a low. And then what happened? Price came up.
Fair value gap, push down. So now we're starting to see that institutional order flow. This is actually super clean this morning. We're starting to see that institutional order flow take place. See what I mean? Now push up here, break of a low.
Then you have another area, but you see that the expansions are kind of like dampening, I guess you'd say, or they're losing momentum. So, you know, you could look for it. Now, every time you get, now somebody's asked about a liquidity raid earlier. So it's like, bam, liquidity raid. Anonymous said they took the spy trade with me on Bitcoin. You demon. That's not how that works.
I mean, you're not wrong. Bitcoin does move with indices, but that's not a... Don't do that all the time. That's not how it always works. Because I'm not going to lie. I've justified a Bitcoin long before because of that. And then I was like, what are you doing? And it just completely did not play out. But for instance, like here, we're looking at institutional order flow. We're seeing the displacement of the downside.
every time that happens when there's that massive expansion we know and maybe some some do some double what with these imbalances we're looking at it like there's big money orders in this area so we don't know where the way we do it or the way we confirm that is with a break structural downside we got it right there with displacement so then it's the same thing so could have entered here and then look once we pipped whatever low we took over here there's probably some lows over here or maybe an imbalance we came back up to where of the impulse move
into a premium now back here it came close to a premium seemed like the higher time frame impulse move was this we're on a 15 minute like we're on a four hour but price came back in after that into that premium area and that's where we know that smart money sells from a premium so you know if we're looking down here and you could have maybe caught some along off of this down here
All right. And how do you confirm that? On the low timeframes, like this 15 minute price got a break of structure. What did it leave behind? Fair value gap. Now it wasn't the craziest risk to reward. And that's what I was saying earlier is that these trades, they don't always provide something that should be taken theoretically.
It's not a mandatory requirement that you take a trade off every liquidity rate, but you can use them as case studies because if you get one right and you start to get a feel for it, then when the risk reward is there, then you start to be able to capitalize off it. For instance, down here, and a lot of times I will say, like here, I like this because a lot of early traders got liquidated here. So look, we had price come under it.
you know people that wanted to force a trade they looked at that like displacement but we look at it because we didn't get a closure that could just liquidity rate once liquidity is rated right we push down with a break of structure and we come down for that sell side it's just the algorithm targeting different areas of liquidity now once we have equal lows price whips that
Now, you're still not really getting displacement. But look, where would the target even be at? If you were to take a long off this liquidity rate, it would just be somewhere in here. So it's like maybe the first high above it. So it's kind of like sometimes trading against a trend, it might be there, but it's like, why? You know what I mean? It's better sometimes to just study it. I do encourage you guys, study that shit.
Always study it. And slim, yes, I'm going to look at Gala here in a second. But here on the one hour, if anything, but guess what would be probably the better risk reward? If price kind of moseys up in here and then we get a nice break of structure to downside, fair value gap entry, target the lows. You see, I mean, that's where you're trading with the institutions is better. Now you can identify what they're doing and try to like.
catch the round trip I guess but and sometimes it's like you can get lost in that cycle of like feeling like you have to trade or like you know you're watching charts all the time there's always going to be a trade there there will be now whether it's a good trade a winning trade a losing trade this that you know
So that's all a game of probabilities. But even if the probabilities are on your side, it looks like it wants to go for it right now. But even if the probabilities are on your side, it's better to wait for the higher risk to reward because we know that not every trade we take is going to be a winner. So you want to make sure when you're taking trades that it's like business deals. Not every business deal is worth your time. I'll get Spy one more time. God, straight. Just play a bit pump right there. The one hour look crazy.
What was I even going to say? Oh, Gala. Need more coffee. Gala has me, man. Gala had me sad, but I wanted it to come down farther, but it just, it did not.
But it did hit the target. It seems like it's reacting pretty nice off this. Honestly, I'm not one to short Gala just because it's a fucking madman coin. It moves crazy, but in all honesty, it doesn't look terrible. I'll entertain the thought of it. I would just sound so wrong a short Gala. I know people would be like, what the fuck? Is this dude shorting Gala? I think it could come up, though.
I'm going to be as picky as picky can be with that, just because, like I said, it's a madman coin. So we'll see. I'm not going to force anything. I'll just play supply and demand confirmations. But that's what I would...
I would see because if you notice, the reason, again, we're looking at a daily chart now. And this is how we're going to get our really big bias. So what do we see? A high getting taken. Is price moving impulsively off of it? Yes. Is price an imbalance where those orders may reside from the first time smart money decided they wanted to push price down? Yes. So we got kind of our check. So now let's get out of the low timeframe.
Not even really a low time frame, but a lower time frame. For our, did we get a break of structure with displacement? Now, this one's thinking. That's why I'm kind of, you know, look at all that. It's just liquidity getting absorbed, right? We didn't close a candle under it, but we did break a low. You know, there was a lot of displacement here, but that could be looked at as a sign of weakness. And the reason I want to use a structural confirmation is because we very well could be distributing and you see that final liquidity rate or the UTAD from a Lykoff perspective.
So I wouldn't force it at all. This one let develop. It seems like it's probably going to go. I'm guessing Spy's pushing because it's bringing everything with it. Yep. Again, that's what we've been saying with... I guess it didn't hit it somehow. I'm just going to go ahead and... Do I have Gala on here? I think I took it off because it was too much space. Kind of just cycle out my watch list for crypto.
But specifically what I'd be looking for here is a 15-minute break of structure with displacement. So it would take some time to develop unless, you know, we just somehow broke that. Then it's like, you know, Jesus. But you look for some kind of structure to form, break of structure with displacement, return, five minutes, same thing. I probably wouldn't go farther than five minutes on Gala.
You guys can see, if you've been spending enough time watching, everything that you do, you can just layer it. It's just a formula that you apply to different data sets, and you use the smaller data set in the context of the higher data set.
So, you know, if you are looking to apply your entry model on a one minute, well, you probably should have applied it on a daily, a four hour, and maybe a one hour or a 15 minute. And you're just using that one minute to refine that narrative that you've built based off of the higher timeframe.
And it gets really easy to get lost in the appeal of high R because of the one minute. But a lot of times, whenever you're using the one minute and you're not using everything else, you're this guy and this guy getting liquidated. Getting liquidated. That's what that is. And you're playing yourself with the same concepts you're trying to use to trade.
Another coin that did exactly what we wanted but never came back was fucking... Oh, it did come back. I guess I just didn't set an alarm. I was lacking. Oops. That sucks. Sorry. Well, we'll kind of go back and recap. So we talked about this on stream. We had this daily high that these equal highs that I said would get ran. I think we were like right here. They got ran. So then above that level, what do we look for? We look for a four-hour break to the downside with displacement. We didn't get that here.
You could scale in. You could just look for a fair value gap. If we look at the one hour, I'm sure we got it.
We got right there. So you didn't get on the four-hour, but you did have a four-hour fair value gap that was massive. So we can look. For instance, if I have a massive push on the higher timeframes, well, I know we probably broke structure on the lower timeframes. So I know that the reasoning behind me looking for these POIs is to find where institutional orders lie. So if I think there's institutional orders in this fair value gap already because of how big it is, then I go to one hour. Okay, we got a structural shift right there. And after that,
you know look we had a liquidity rate and this is why i was saying earlier don't play the like you can play this first one right here so like we were saying you know here i scared the out of me that's way louder than i wanted to be we have this um
We had this initial tap, right? Was there a lot of displacement moving into it? Did it look like a liquidity rate? Not really. Was there a trade here? Probably. Where did you take it? Hopefully back down just into an internal area because I wouldn't have looked at target of those. Maybe you left a runner, you know what I mean? But there wasn't enough displacement and we also hadn't rated liquidity because if smart money wants to take price here, it has to get enough fuel to do so.
Let's just say their orders are all in here and price comes up. Now it hits. Maybe they have, let's just say they have 10 orders. This is just totally for explanation. It's probably far more complicated than this. But let's say they had 10 orders. Let's say there was enough liquidity here to where five of them filled. So what are they going to do? Now they have more liquidity. They just created enough liquidity for this order, this order, this order that's going to come up. And now there is buying activity here as people are getting stopped out of their shorts.
So that is a buy. So whenever they get stopped out, the exchange is now looking to pair those orders with other orders. Guess what other orders are residing? All that institutional order flow in the displacement bracket structure. And after that, what happens? We come down and we target the opposing liquidity. And we didn't catch it. So I'm sorry for that, guys, because that was really clear. Again, just trying to watch too many things. I should have set alerts for that, but oh well.
It happened at midnight anyway, so I wouldn't have probably caught it. That makes me feel better about it. But really, I would look at this point on the daily chart. I mean, this low right here stands out to me, but really that low. I'm going to say an alarm and alert at the same time. An alert, but I'm going to set an alarm for that low. You could watch this, but I'd hold more interest down there. XMR is like God coin.
This shit's crazy. It seems like it wants this up here, but it could just be right on this liquidity. I mean, it does stay in its own lane, though, I will say. And you are, you know, this actually may end up being an opportunity. So let's look at this. And what I'll show you what I'm looking at. Price came up. Okay, actually, never mind. Take it back. I thought it closed. The naked eye is receiving. Sometimes I thought it closed above, so I'm good on that. You could see some kind of move up, but I would probably just look at it to fill some of these imbalances you made along that way.
So, for instance, for me, it would be like, okay, let's measure this impulse move. Okay, look what we have right there. And you could say this is a flip, or not a flip, but a supply zone maybe. I mean, I would just look at the fair value gap. Guess where it's at? Right at equilibrium. It's crazy, right? It's almost like there's people manipulating this. It's coincidental, but sheep, I got you.
Came back down into a, I think this is what we're looking at. I still want this imbalance here. I have an alarm set for it. So that's, if anything, that's where I would pay attention to is in this area to target those equal highs. So nothing's really changed. I don't know if you might not have been here yesterday. Basically what I was looking at is these equal highs and this imbalance. I like that a lot. And it seems like price clearly drawing of something that didn't reach it. So it formed equal highs. Then we also formed a four hour fair value gap with some fractal.
demand which we go around to a one hour and there's an order block so you know with a price move down on here we could possibly see something going up to target those highs looks like spy had the target there we go awesome yeah thank you trek study that was a nice trade for sure yep target hit on spx well we did it live guys i'm gonna look at uh
Aave? Damn, we've been on here for a minute. It's been a good stream. That's whenever I know everything is dope because I don't even realize. Oh, everyone's eating. Fuck yeah. Let's go. Let me post this to the server and then I'll go ahead and do Aave. Yeah, if you guys, especially you guys that got this shit on the stream, definitely smash that fucking like button. I don't even feel bad to ask.
Oh, okay, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I forgot I actually have something that I need to be doing right now. I had somebody I was supposed to meet with like 20 minutes ago. You guys are making me degen, but let me look at Aave super, super fast, and then I will off here. Aave, so how long have I been trading using smart money concepts ICT strategy? It's like two years, a little, something like that.
Has it been? No, it hasn't been full two years. Like a year and some months, year and a half or something. So I've been like fully using it. I was using it with Harmonix for a while too. Honestly, the weekly on Aave looks fire, but weekly on Aave looks like it wants this high right here. Let's look at the daily though. So the daily, it doesn't look bad. It's like a lot of these alts look so much better than fucking Bitcoin. It's like ridiculous. So we're in this imbalance.
But the I mean, it's moving nicely out of here. Nothing around a four. I just kind of consolidating here. But.
Actually, I mean, it moved nicely, but it's still failing to break highs. Like, yeah, there's displacement, but see, like we failed to take a high, right? Came up, failed to take a high, came up. Now we're starting to engineer those equal highs. So we could see a move, but I don't think it's ready yet. If I was watching this, though, I'd look for a displacement, break a structure to the upside, and then confirm, like, you know, using the same fair value gap strategy. But I wouldn't force it because I could see...
If we don't, if it fails here, I would look for probably these equal lows. That's the next area after that, the next draw I would see. But you're kind of playing around between that. And then you've also got equal highs. So it's like, this one's pretty indecisive. So I would really just determine where you look to, let the market show you its hand. What are the market makers doing here? Are there orders that are being satisfied? Honestly, I will say,
You know, it's kind of, you could look at this potentially and then you have that fair value gap and price is holding above that. It's one of those to me where it's not super clear. Like I see the long narrative for sure. Like right here, you know, you have that fair value gap. I can draw.
You come down into it, you know, down to that demand candle. And you've definitely filled this imbalance. So you need to see a break of structure with displacement. If it was, you know, if it was meant to be, it would happen. So you kind of got it right there. Left fair value gap. Price did come down. And, you know, I'm actually going to scale in a little bit more here. That was where that break was. So now, you know, you came back down. It seems like there was, you know, this was that initial displacement.
Yeah, I don't know. This is the problem with me is after this, I don't want to see us come back down and start to take out lows like that.
Now this, well, okay, so I don't want to confuse you. These lows getting taken, I shouldn't have said these, like this spring right here, that would be fine if we broke structure, but we didn't, right? So then what happens? We start to get closures down here. So it's that point where it's like, yeah, I mean, I could see it, but it's not clear enough for me. If anything, I could see sell side being manipulated right there. And, you know, these orders are kind of, the creek's drying up, so to speak, and we might see a push to the downside.
But it's too indecisive for me. I would just kind of watch it as a case study. But that's just my opinion. You seem like there's a lot of lows. Like retail is looking at all of this like support. Also, thank you too, man. Thank you. Let me see. I feel like I've got a bunch of pings in the Discord. SPF, okay. Yeah, that shit just railed. Wall of gain, fuck yeah.
Somebody asked where can I trade? Oh, I said I stopped talking every time SPX went up. Where is it? Hold on. I just lost. Oh, I was just talking about something. Then just would talk about TPs. Yeah, nice little quick workday, guys.
I appreciate you all. I will see you guys tomorrow. It'll be an evening stream. We'll kind of recap our weekly bias. Again, I think we're at a lot of key levels. I don't think we need to force anything. I know it seems like up only. I won't lie. It kind of does with indices and everything. We've breached our liquidity target. We've been talking about this for quite some time. Those of you who have been with me for a while know we've had these highs on our watch list. It's just like we had the highs on NASDAQ, just like we have the highs on US 30.
At this point, now we're getting to those objectives. We're coming into those potential reversal zones. So we don't want to force anything. At this point, for me, this is how I kind of navigate between markets. And I'll close on this. Once I get to these areas, I want to get daily candles to show me what we are drawing to. Because I want to be in a market where I can tell what's going on. Or at least where I think I can. I'm wrong sometimes for sure.
I want to be participating in a market where, you know, I know I can get a good grasp on what I think is going to happen. And I do that with the higher timeframes. And then I frame my...
I frame my trades intraday off of that. But for where we're at on indices, I think we need another day or two. All the indices are now above it. NOS looks strong. And I know it kind of sounds redundant because, you know, to me, I want SPX and US 30 to still prove themselves, so to speak. NOS looks like it's pulling back up somewhere probably into the premium of this impulse move. So, and the reason I use that is because this is the gap that, you know, we pushed up price kind of, you know.
retrace move down so i would look you know somewhere around there maybe let's see in a four hour i'm actually interested in this now there's some supply there that's how it usually happens again it's almost like people are manipulating this right but uh yeah so anyways guys i appreciate the hell out of all of you i will see you tomorrow evening and if you got any questions you know how to get at me peace
