What's up? I'm going to give everybody a couple minutes to get in. For those that are re-watching this later on YouTube and Twitch and stuff, I have the people in the server. We've got to give them a second. We just announced we're going live. But I appreciate you guys coming through to watch this. So I'll give everybody, I don't know, another two or three minutes to hop in here, and then I will just go ahead and start up.
I'm going to go ahead and get started. We've got a couple people in here already. What's up, Playboy? Oh, he wasn't here. Something I want to go over today that I think a lot of people have issues with whenever they're learning smart money is they get caught up in all the noise. For example...
You know, we have price action that is clearly bullish on a high time frame. Let's just say that right here we have a four-hour price action. So that's what we're looking at over here. This is the four-hour, right? So on the lower time frames, you know, it's going to look something like this. And we know how this goes.
In theory, we have that perfect picture, you know, over here, just straight move up, move down, move up, move down. But we know that in reality, it's going to look like this, especially on a lower timeframe. So whenever you're looking at a, let's just say this over here is a 15 minute. That's your 15 minute price action. Well, we don't want to get lost in all of this.
You know, because at the end of the day, when we look over here and we say, okay, well, I'm going to short, you know, we got to break a structure from this supply zone. Let me do this.
So when we get a break of structure, you know, over here, we look at on the 15 minute, you know, here was your old swing structure. Oh, well, we broke structure here. We're bearish. You know, we're making lower lows and lower highs. And in reality, we are just part of a four hour pullback. Because remember, after every break of structure, we expect a pullback. So price is coming down. This is what it looks like. We're looking at this right here.
mentioning this, because all it is a pullback after that break of structure. So we always expect that. And we have to be aware that while the 15 minute is bearish here in this example, we have to be aware that that pullback can end at any time because we're part of a four hour bull trend. So, you know, your, uh, and this can happen to you on a four hour, for instance, say this is the four hour price action.
Maybe this is the daily price action. And the four hour is even bearish because I see a lot of people that get married to the four hour. While the four hour is great and I spend a lot of time on it, we have to build our narrative with all the timeframes. That's what MTF analysis is, multi-timeframe analysis. So in order to avoid getting caught in the crossfire, we have to just start from the top down.
Excuse me. But we have to start, you know, I start from a weekly. On Forex, I'll look at a monthly. Crypto, not so much because a monthly chart is just going to look ridiculous. But, you know, anything, we have a lot of data, we want to look at the higher data sets. Because, for instance, you might be in a weekly bearish market. And the daily is running, the four hours running, everybody's super, super bullish. And then, you know, everything's not bullish. And your longs start to get stopped.
And it's not that you're using the wrong POIs or that you're not following premium or discount or not using the structure for whatever time frame you're on. But it's because you're unaware of the bigger picture, the narrative. And that's what I say time and time again when I say we want to build our narrative.
you know, if we don't, if you're not aware of what the higher timeframe is doing, when I say higher timeframe, I just mean the timeframe higher than what you're on. You know, if you're looking at a 15 minute POI and you're bearish in the 15 minute, well, you need to ask yourself, okay, well, is this, you know, are we bearish in the four hour or are we maybe just part of a bull trend? And this is the pullback because remember this pullback can end at any time. So once it ends, you know,
All we're doing right there is we're putting in that four-hour high or low, and we're looking to take out the weak high. So shorting against that is just going to leave you confused and frustrated, and it's going to really mess your psychological perspective of price action up because you're not even really doing the wrong thing. In theory, you're picking a POI that sponsored a break of structure. We knew that there was supply introduced in this zone.
you know, and you're just looking at 15 minute market structure, you're saying, okay, well, I'm going to target the week low, but all trends come to an end. Whether you're on a four hour, daily, 15 minute, one minute, weekly, all trends come to an end. And when we're looking at a trend on a lower timeframe, we can always know that that's just a run on a higher timeframe.
So, whenever the four hours bullish, it can be part of a daily bearish retracement. So, for instance, let's go to Bitcoin. This is a great example. So, if we have a weekly chart of Bitcoin. Right now, our bearish swing structure is insanely wide. We have this all the way down to here. That's your swing structure. All of that.
Whenever we are talking about structure, we expect a pullback into premium at some point. Now, that necessarily doesn't start right here.
Right. We don't know what we do. We can use other things like change of character and supply and demand to identify when that pullback is beginning. But we're not going to go over all that today. You guys that are in play a bit have already learned that from the classes. But I did want to give a little free game out with multi-time frame analysis because I've even seen people on Twitter getting confused. But we know that whenever we have this weekly price swing, at some point we want to retrace up into a premium.
We know that we want to retrace up into POIs or draw on liquidity, maybe equal highs, maybe imbalances, some point of interest, whether it's supplier demand or a liquidity area. We're going to retrace back into that.
Now, what would happen on the daily time frame? Let's just draw a line. I'm just going to draw this. Now, imagine on the daily time frame, how bullish would everyone be if crypto started to do this? I mean, it just started flying.
Because that's a huge move. We're talking about 43,000. People have forgot what it's like to see Bitcoin at that. Everybody's going to be bullish. And then we're going to break down and retail is going to say, oh, this is just a retracement. It's just a retracement. And then it's how it always happens. And the reason that people fail to realize what's going on, it's not even some crazy smart money concept principles. It's just understanding.
that whenever we're looking at price action and we're looking at market structure, we have to be cognizant of the higher timeframe. And, you know, HTF or higher timeframe gets thrown around a lot. Like people think there's a set higher timeframe. Now, while I'm navigating the markets, you know, 90% of the time I'm on the four hour, the 15 minute or the one minute.
But so for me in my trading plan, you know, I look at the four hours, my higher timeframe, but the term higher timeframe can just mean a higher timeframe than what you're on. So for instance, if I'm on the four hour, you know, I'm aware of what's going on in the daily. So right now, Bitcoin.
as bearish as can be on pretty much every time frame. Let's just say that Bitcoin started to break structure in the four hour and we came all the way up and hit, I don't know, 28K again. You know, I'm going to be looking more for shorts. Why would I look for that? It's the same reason why if we're bearish on a four hour that I look for shorts on a 15 minute. It's the same thing. Everything.
is is always going to be proportional if i'm looking you know whenever we're trading on the four hour and we are in a bearish market and price is doing this it's giving us that bearish price i don't want to click it's giving us that bearish price structure
you know, we're looking to catch these lower highs. So we have our four-hour POI, and when price comes into it here, you know, we scale into our lower time frame, and we see, you know, price do this number. And we'll just say that this is that POI we had, this, and we're going to wait for price to do this on a 15-minute.
and get that change of character, that first sign of weakness. So if we're looking at a daily price lag, then why wouldn't we do the same thing on a four hour? Because remember, we don't really draw a direct relationship with time and price. We just use time to view price. And we know that the higher the timeframe, the more data we're looking at. So the more credible it is. But if we're going to use a four hour supply zone and a 15 minute confirmation,
then why wouldn't you use a daily supply zone with a four-hour confirmation? Or maybe a weekly supply zone with a daily confirmation? Or a 15-minute with a one-minute confirmation? It's the same thing. We're just using our higher data set whenever we're trading ProTrend to give us areas of a possible entry for a continuation. How are we going to confirm it? We're going to use the lower timeframes.
Key takeaways there is you can be much more aware and much more able to identify when a trend comes to an end by just going up a time frame. We know that we do use trend to trade. We're going to use our four-hour supply zones when we're in a bearish market, and we're going to look to short off of them into the weak low. That is true.
But at some point, every trend comes to an end. That's just how it happens. I don't know what this line is from. But we know that at some point, we're not going to be bears forever. Even if we switch bullish and it's just part of a daily pullback.
or maybe we're bullish at daily pullback and it's ending, you're going to be able to catch that a lot more often just by looking around, being aware. Don't get stuck on one time frame. Don't force a narrative that you want. So a little bit on building a narrative. Let's look at Eurodollar right now. So first off, starting at a weekly time frame.
we have our drawn liquidity, which is going to be these weekly equal lows. We know there's a lot of sell stops lurking under this area. It's a huge liquidity pool. So we know when we're building our narrative that that's going to be a big target. That's our weekly drawn liquidity.
So then we can go over and identify our weekly. Pretty clear we're bearish. So the weekly is bearish. OK, you know, we're probably coming for that draw on liquidity. But, you know, how do we know when we're going to go for it? Well, we can use our lower time frames to confirm this. We can look at the daily and say, OK, well, the daily.
do a clean chart. You say, oh, well, the daily is bullish. We're long, only longs, right? Daily is bullish. We're going to the moon. And you are looking at it from the perspective of expectational order flow, which you're not totally wrong, right? You're expecting us to continue up, continue taking the weak highs until we don't. That's not wrong. But how could you maybe be a little ahead of when you're anticipating that we're going to fail?
Just simply saying, okay, hey, look, weekly equal lows. Got sell-side liquidity, right? We know that that's going to be a target. Retail is viewing that as support.
We know that we use equal lows as our draw on liquidity. So on the higher timeframe, we understand that we have a target very close by. So the daily is bullish, but we're so close to this weekly target. We're looking to probably, I'm personally looking at some point to short down to this area. You know, how else can we tell that this may be the case? Well, we have displacement down towards our zone, creating more false perception.
support down there. Now, where do we expand from? Say we have that daily zone, right? Let's use the daily order block or it could use the entire zone. I'd like to use the WIC too from a supply and demand state. Now we know, okay, well, we want to just identify zones to get short because while the daily is bullish, you know, we're looking at this as, well, we know what the weekly is telling us.
You know, and also from another market structure perspective, you know, if we come up in this zone and we do start to reverse maybe on a four hour, we could say that we have weak lows on the daily because these lows failed to make a new high and they should get taken. You know, if we come up in here and the four hour starts to reverse. So we're building that narrative now instead of just getting stuck in a robotic perspective that daily is bullish long.
Four hours was long. Now, it's not wrong. You know, some of you guys that are newer to supply and demand are probably like, that's backwards. You know, that's that's what you've taught us. And it is. But I also want to stress to you that you have to be aware of everything and don't think of stuff in such a two plus two manner.
Everything, all the concepts that I teach you have to be applied in a practical, real-world application. You cannot just use one thing all the time because we're working live market. We're not working on a test where you have questions that have a solid answer. That's where your style comes into this. That's where developing a genuine understanding of what's going on and why it's happening.
is extremely important. So another thing we can do with multi-time frame analysis is witness the beginning of reversals. So we've spoke about this a little bit, but whenever I'm looking to take a trade, like I took on Eurodollar this morning, we posted the idea in the Discord last night. We didn't post a signal.
But we did post the idea. And some of those who have been attending the classes or have been applying themselves to learn, I'm sure that a couple people took the trades by the reactions on the post. But we can use this multi-time frame analysis to kind of confirm our supply and demand zones. So for instance, we have euro dollar here. And we had our break structure down here, break structure up here. So that gave us our new swing range here.
liquidity rate. So this is still our swing range. Theoretically, we're bullish, right? Theoretically, because we, you know, came up, here's our break of structure. So here's our four hour high. Now, if you map like I do, this is not a break of structure. This is not a break structure. It's all just liquidity rates, which also supports that higher timeframe narrative, because that would make everything down here weak lows. Also, we're engineering more sell side liquidity. So
I'm pretty bearish right now on this chart overall, even though the four hour is bullish. But I did see this zone. We have this fractal demand zone right here, and I wanted to take long from it. Now, how did I confirm?
that this zone was going to hold because, you know, I know I've been pretty bearish in this chart overall, you know, from a macro perspective, we know that the dollar is probably going to gain strength as we go deeper into recession. Now, the reason I wanted to go long is we swept a lot of liquidity there. You know, this clean low itself got swept as well. This would be your inducement low. I just posted an infographic about this. This is a good example because price came up.
People thought, okay, it came into demand. I missed the trade. It came into demand. Even people that trade smart money. But in reality, that low was just placed there to engineer liquidity. And we left it in efficiency before we came down and filled it. So now we come into this zone. How do we know this zone is going to hold? Because like I said before, I'm pretty bearish on this using my higher timeframe narrative. But remember, we're on the daily. I'm looking to take a short from possibly up here.
Same principle. We have these highs up here, and I would also go short from up here depending on price action as we reach that zone.
So if I believe, because this is how we build our narrative, if I believe price is going to go higher first before going lower because they're engineering this sell side even more, if I believe price is going to go higher because I've done multi-time frame analysis and while I'm bearish, I still look at this like, okay, we're going to possibly expand to the upside a little bit, at least in one of these zones before dumping back down. So if I believe that, and I also see that we're bullish theoretically on.
for our market structure and we have a demand zone that leans me to say okay you know i might take some longs here so i learned that out to the group last night said that this zone was a point of interest for me and this morning i got to my desk a little late i actually got into the trade at a far higher entry than any of those who are watching during kill zone um new york kill zone 7 a.m
to 9 a.m. right there. This area, that was the absolute bottom. So you're going to see a lot of volume come into the market due to institutions trading within that time period. Now, I didn't get in, I think, till around over here. I'd have to look at my actual chart that I do TA on. Yeah, see, it was right around. Now, why did I take this trade? Let me go to this other chart because it's clean.
There we go. So why did I take this trade? I came in. We're in my demand zone. So now I've done all the TA on my higher timeframes. I've built a narrative. I think that the weekly equal lows will be taken, but I also think that we just removed a ton of the sell-side liquidity in the four-hour, and we're going to come up and mitigate some of these supply zones in this draw on liquidity on the four-hour. We have that fair value gap right there. So that would be the first target.
So I've built my narrative. At the time that I was looking at this, we were over here before we had started to push up. So I had built that story and I had my where do I think price is going and why do I think it's going there? That's the first two questions you have to ask yourself whenever you are starting any trade. If you don't have that, and I mean on a higher timeframe perspective, if you don't have that, you're literally just going out blind.
And you're just saying, oh, I'm just going to mark up my structure in the 15 minute and I'm going to trade my POIs. And then you're going to get frustrated when it doesn't work. And it might work because you might get lucky and be trading in the right direction. But in order to gain a full comprehensive perspective of everything, you have to look up on the higher timeframes. But we came into the four hour zone. I believe we're going to trade higher. So if we come into a four hour demand zone, I'm going to look for what?
A 15-minute break of structure. Now, this doesn't have to be swing structure because we know right here.
Swing structure was very bearish, and we got to break a structure right there. For me, your swing structure would have been swing high, swing low. So why are we longing down here? Well, we're in a higher time frame. We've done our multi-time frame analysis. We've built our story. So this is just giving me confirmation of what the higher time frames are telling me. I'm not building my story off of the 15 minute, but I'm going to frame my trade around it. So we come down here. We have our internal high right here. That gets taken.
So the optimal entry was over here because we have this demand zone right here that was created. We see price went up. It traded very quickly back into it. Now, you know, I use the one minute to execute. So if you were watching this during Killzone, price traded up, took the internal high, gave us that break of structure.
You know, what is 15 minute one minute swing structure? Now, don't get wrapped up in one minute swing structure, but I did want to just make that point to you that we're just viewing price through candles. We're not getting married to the time. We're just saying, OK, well, if I can see the 15 minute swing structure on a four hour internal structure, I can also see the one minute swing structure on the 15 minute internal.
anyways we know we have this demand zone price comes up it trades into it we could have used the one minute to confirm this zone okay price comes up breaks into this internal high where does it come right back down into
right into that right there and this is going to be range demand because a lot of people get stuck on order block three and they're only going to use this which is fine if that's your strategy and that's all you use and you've proven to yourself that you have an edge that's cool but for me whenever i'm using the one minute i just use zones um you know if i can get a break above this if i've built it along my high time frame narrative you know i would just take longs but unfortunately i missed that but it's okay right i didn't i got to my desk you know
working on some other stuff, whatever. We missed the longs. I showed you guys I got in, I think, somewhere up here after we had that second break of structure. But this is when you're starting to see those first signs of strength. And you can see this pattern. Say if I would have saw this pattern down here and Price did the same exact thing, right? I wouldn't care because it's not in my higher time frame POI. It's not part of that higher time frame narrative anymore, so it means nothing to me. But since I did the homework and I...
got a, you know, an open perspective of what I thought was going to happen. I was able to scale through everything and build my narrative of, okay, well, I'm going to, you know, I want to take sales. My higher timeframe, you know, perspective is bearish, but I want to take sales from a higher area. Okay. If I think we're going to go up to a higher area, you know, I can maybe catch some longs there. Okay. The four hours bullish, so I can definitely look for longs, but.
I may have been a little intimidated to take this long had I just watched all this price action and not understood all of this. So we can layer that confirmation down. For instance, if we're countertrend, like Ethereum had some good examples of this. So for instance, when we're trading countertrend, with Ethereum, we know that we had this fractal demand zone, this inside bar right here.
We know that we had some demand in there. So when we came down into the weekly, you know, if we're going to be aggressive and wanted to take longs from this, the reason I didn't was because I didn't really see what I wanted on a daily chart. But if you wanted to be more aggressive and watch on a four hour, okay, well, you could have said once we're down, we've filled this demand.
you could look for that internal break of structure. Now, when did that happen? Right there. And yes, that's why I use inside bars. A lot of people wouldn't have saw that. A lot of people that will teach you market structure would have said it happened up here. But this was the true first sign of strength. And we took out that old high because we know that on a lower time frame, it's probably going to be swing structure. So if we go back, it was just a little off, but it was that same area.
once that happens we know that we have demand creation because anytime there's a break of structure we have you know demand created so we could have said this whole zone right here you know was demand now look how fast it happened a lot of people they think the price has to move away but look price came right up and it came back down into this zone now if we want to refine this now looking at on a 15 minute we can say you know we have a couple areas of demand here we could say we have this flip zone right here
because price came up into supply, bounced off of it, pushed through it, and broke it. That was the move, was the flip zone.
A good old crypto price action at WIC swept it before it moved up. But we could also said we have our extreme, which is our last down candle before an up move. You could have used the last internal range. There's a lot of different ways you could have done it. That's all dependent on your strategy. It seems like this way was actually, I guess, the most accurate. That's what we tapped into because we swept this flip zone. But we can use this to our advantage. We're using multi-time frame analysis. We came into weekly demand, the four-hour broke internal structure.
So then we come back down and remember, this was a four hour zone. We just refined it. So if we refine a four hour zone on a 15 minute, to me, it's still a high timeframe zone, even though I've trimmed it down, you know, it came from a higher timeframe zone. So we could have said, okay, well, once price comes into this area and I get an internal break of structure, you know, I'm going to, you know, that's my confirmation to go long. Okay. Look what happened.
broke internal structure in our higher timeframe POI, and you could just use the whole zone. Again, it's a total, you know, whatever your strategy is. Here, the flip zone again, a lot of times these flip zones are what you want to pay attention to in these situations when you're using these internal breaks of structure. So, you know, now we had the four-hour internal break of structure. We've layered that down into now a 15-minute internal break.
So now let's go back. I'm going to hit the rewind so I don't have to pan all the way over here. Let's go back to the one minute. So let's look what happened once the one minute came into this area.
Okay. You got to think out a couple of times here. This is really choppy. This is just how crypto kind of is right now. But if you waited for the liquidity rate, which I've found to be almost necessary sometimes with some of these alts. But once we came back down into this zone, you would have looked for your one minute to shift bullish, which we got that right here.
Then you came down and if you used your stop loss right here, you got stopped out. Now, you know, it's frustrating when that happens. But if you're confident in your zone, you got a second entry right here. There was your demand zone. Now, we know that the risk to reward at this point would have definitely been high enough to account for any small loss we had there.
So that's how you can layer, you know, use multi-time frame analysis to layer in those positions.
and frame high quality trades. Because for instance, we know that say if this was your position, if we're on a four hour, we started this on a four hour, where are we gonna, all we're doing is anticipating that four hour pullback. Because remember the four hour price action is bearish, but we're in a high timeframe POI. We start to see those internal changes of character. And what does that tell us? An internal change of character tells us that a pullback is beginning or ending. So if a pullback was beginning here.
All right, so if we said, you know, here is our swing range. We'll just say right here. And we would look to long. For me, it's just the first fair value gap fill or unmitigated supply zone in a premium. So let's just say we did that. Where is this little position size? So let's just say we long just up to there. Remember that one minute time chart is what we use to frame this trade.
And this took a lot of time, took a lot of patience, took a lot of screen time. Because remember, you're watching this from a four-hour zone. We got that four-hour internal break of structure, 15-minute internal break of structure, one-minute internal break of structure. So now you have all the timeframes in harmony. You've done your multi-timeframe analysis. And, you know, let's see where the stop would have been on this trade. For me, I would have done the low and then add three pips. So let's just see.
What kind of trade that gave us? We're at a five minute. And we know what happened here. But my point is, if you put the work in and you really are patient, you know, you got an amazing trade there. Counter trend. Right. Just by doing all of your homework and waiting for the time, all the time frames to be in harmony. I know the flows talk to you guys about this, but this is time effectiveness. This is waiting for the proper moment to execute a trade.
You're letting all of the time frame shift, and that's when you're going to see that explosive move in price. Because what you're seeing when you're seeing new demand introduction, price returning to it, break of structure, that means more demand creation on a lower time frame. What you're seeing is orders are accumulating. The market makers are showing their intention to push price higher.
So you're waiting for confirmation across all of your timeframes. Maybe you use a 12-hour, a 4-hour, and a 1-hour. Or maybe use a 1-hour, 5-minute, and a 1-minute. Whatever that you've proven to yourself works, just layer your multi-timeframe analysis throughout whenever you're looking to enter a trade if you really want to see those explosive moves and you want to get those trade setups that you can be more confident in.
Because remember, supply and demand is created with every single break of structure on every time frame, whether it's internal or swing structure. And we can layer our confirmation through as many time frames as we wish. Now, the pros to this, when you're correct, you're going to get very explosive trades that you don't have to wait around on for an extremely long time.
you're going to be able to, you know, really refine your risk reward. The more that you push, push it and kind of wait for each time frame to confirm. Now the cons of this, you have a very good chance. Now this is a great example.
But you had maybe price came down to right in this area and just took off without you. That happens all the time. And now you sat there and you watched price and you wasted your time. And you think you wasted your time. And you say, man, fuck this. I'm not doing this again. And then you go back into the death spiral of trying to force the narrative that you want to see. Personally, I don't mind missing out on trades like that.
I've been trading long enough to where I know that there's going to be another trade tomorrow. It doesn't matter. Catching bottoms doesn't matter to me. Catching every move doesn't matter to me. None of that matters. What matters is, for me, I get that higher risk to reward, and I don't have to take as many trades. Because any strategy, whether it's smart money concepts, whether you're playing RSI divergences,
or harmonics, simplifying your approach is going to be the best thing that you can do. You may have very complicated concepts and a complicated strategy.
you know, to learn. But once you can simplify that pathway to you pushing that green or red button, you're going to cancel a lot of noise. You're going to take away a lot of emotion. And I promise you, if you're doing things right, you're going to refine your win rate and you're going to have a better overall experience trading.
But it takes patience to do this. It takes putting in work and backtesting and proving your strategy to yourself. But there's a reason 90% of people lose all their money. It's because 90% of people aren't willing to do stuff like this. Also, whenever you're going across all the timeframes, you're building that narrative, right?
If you don't have a narrative, you shouldn't even be trading. That's why I tell people, don't sit here and just scan through your entire watch list and find every single trade to take. Now, you may have been doing that for a while now and maybe it's been killing it for you. And you're listening to this and you're like, oh, well, that's not true because I do that and it works. Come back here in six months. You want to develop an understanding with one asset on a...
high, high timeframe and really build your narrative for what you think is happening because you're going to be navigating in a much, much clearer perspective, from a much clearer perspective, I should say. So key takeaways, multi-timeframe analysis simplifies trading. It's going to lead you to less confusion.
If you don't have a narrative, you don't have a trade. And we can layer these internal breaks of structure to confirm reversals or continuations. It's super useful while trading counter trend like the example we just reviewed. Now, you can utilize the newly introduced supply and demand.
throughout multiple timeframes in order to layer your confirmation, build your confidence, and lower your risk to reward, but also raise your chances of missing a trade. Maybe you just go down to the 15 minute. That's fine too. There's no right or wrong way to do it. The only right or wrong in trading is profitable and not profitable. So if you use the six hour, two hour, and 30 minute,
Whatever. There's like, for instance, Ebo, one of the best traders in this group, in my opinion, uses the 25 minute. I asked him, I was like, damn, you've been using the 25 minute. You know, some people would say, oh, the 25 minute. He's using it and he's fucking killing shit. So there's no right time frame. There's no wrong time frame. You just have to take these concepts and take the formula and apply it to your trading plan. Because the sooner you can get it conceptualizing and trading.
the better a trader you're going to be able to become, 100%. So that's really all I had on multi-time frame analysis. If you guys want to unmute and ask any questions, I'm going to go ahead and pull up the YouTube. I haven't even looked because I've been looking at my notes. If there's any questions. What's up, guys? Somebody said, it's fucking N. I appreciate you, Enigma. N, man. Brother, what are you doing?
For those in any context, our guy N, he was on the stream I think yesterday or maybe the day before.
and he was getting hurt on some ape shorts. We told him to get out of him, but he's degening again. And you're welcome, Zamora. No problem. I want to start. I'll start doing a little more towards Thursday and Friday. I'll start to kind of switch to an educational vibe instead of just live trading. But for me, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, that's my money days. That's when I like to trade. That's where I'm going to see a lot of...
high impact news and a lot of volatility in the markets. Yeah, I am doing this every day. I do it Monday through, well, Monday through Friday. And then for PlayBit members, I do classes on Saturday, but that's just for PlayBit. Yeah, Wizard, right? I don't know, man. Dude, N's wilding out. His port's on a roller coaster.
Oh, and Frizz said he's been working on... And by the way, for those of you on YouTube, Frizz is a coder. He's from Playbit. He's super, super fucking smart. He's actually made quite a few dope indicators. But he said he's working to test the optimal pullback after a swing break of structure per security. So it's going to be for each different asset or currency or stock you're trading.
Yeah, definitely. Let's hop on a call, bro. For sure. That sounds awesome. And any of you guys that are on the stream, Frizz, will you drop? How do I tell? Because I think I have one of yours favorited somewhere. Oh, it's right here. For you guys that are watching, use Frizz's indicators. Super dope. Here, I'll post his trading view in the comments. Super, super cool indicators. He has a couple. Yeah, give him a follow.
Also, Zamora, so I do on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, it's 10 a.m. Eastern. And then Thursdays and Fridays, 7 p.m. Eastern. It's usually right on the point with that. I will say to you guys, I won't be streaming on July 4th. You guys probably could have guessed that, but I will not be streaming on July 4th, which is Monday. That's a holiday here in the States. Yeah, for those of you guys that are just on YouTube,
Always hop in here, ask any questions you want. Today was kind of more of a direct topic, but a lot of times we're just live trading. We're catching plays live and also reviewing and doing TA live by request. Yeah, it will be posted on YouTube. All these videos, they'll be posted. It should be like 15 minutes after we're done. And I really appreciate the kind words. It means a lot. I really do appreciate that.
Somebody said, can I look at the logarithmic? Oh, that's CP. What's that, ZP? Daily, what chart, ZP? Like what time frame? Yeah, wizard answered the question for you, Milos.
So also, just a little bit on log charts, the only difference really is how the y-axis is spaced. So usually they're used for like backtesting. It's really not going to show you, there's nothing, you might be able to see it from a different view on a log chart, but I don't recommend using log charts personally.
If you're like a position trader and you're looking at monthly and weekly charts and you're really trying to get like swings, then yes, you know, you can use a log chart because it helps. Everything is a little more easy to see. But I prefer using because basically what it does is it's going to fit your screen. It's going to fit everything. And it kind of, like I said, the y-axis is odd because, you know, we can see over here that.
Ethereum at 1500 looks about the same as it at 4K. Kind of just fits it to your screen. I prefer linear scales. Oh, just to peep overall fair value? Yeah, I wouldn't do that, personally. I would not do that. I think it actually, would it be the same? Let's just see. It should be. That's actually weird to think about. It's kind of like a weekly log. It should be the same. So let's say...
I'll just do lifetime of... What the fuck? Yeah, it's going to be the same. Because what is this level? It's 2377-ish. It's around the same area. I personally wouldn't use the log scales. And maybe you have a strategy that's different. I just... I'm not a big user of them.
Yeah, if these kind of more educational classes, if they help you, just let me know in the comments, like the video. And also, you can always comment, those of you on YouTube, you can just drop some comments and say, hey, if this topic would help me, if you do this and that. And as long as it is relevant and it would help enough people, I'll do a video on it. I do a video every day, so I'd rather have topics than...
um just you know i love talking to you guys but uh sometimes it's it's nice to have a direction which that's i'm going to start to um give a little bit more direct content for you guys like today he said it just feels like it looks like fat rejection because i mean remember the fair value um you need it needs to be focused on price oops wrong tool so like if i drew this chart makes my goddamn head hurt
What the fuck? Yeah, I don't know. Personally, brother, I wouldn't use it, but maybe there's something I'm not seeing that you are, but I would not use it. There's actually a time I had my log chart on and didn't realize it and was like, what the hell? I actually want to check Aussie dollar. I've only got a couple more minutes. I used to stay on for an hour, so I'll kind of just glance around. For instance, this is a good example as well.
Honestly, Dollar's structure has been pretty odd lately. For me, that was a break of structure. Another one, but we're starting to tighten up here.
And it looks like that was another. So we've got a liquidity rate here. A lot of liquidity got soaked up here. So while we're bearish, right? Like in this, we've engineered that sell-side liquidity. We came down into this four-hour demand. I didn't catch any trades here. Our swing structure would be this high and then this low. Or I'm sorry, I apologize. It would be...
No, I'm sorry. Again, this is completely backwards. Because we got that. We didn't get a closure there. But we did there. So you'd theoretically be bullish here. Because here's our high. Here's our low. We didn't close it with a low. Same thing with... Oops.
Most USD denominated pairs are engineering liquidity on the weekly. That also is another sign that we're going to go into recession. It's not a sign that we're going to go into recession per se, but for me it is because it's showing me that the dollar is poised to gain strength against a lot of other major currencies because we're engineering that sell-side liquidity. There's sell-side liquidity under here, under these equal lows, and then there's a massive area here. Looking at the weekly drawn liquidity, for me it's this low right here.
Well, we're going to clear these lows, probably ping back up, maybe to a fair value gap. But I just kind of look at where price is really moving violently away from and where it's leaving liquidity. So on the daily chart.
We can get a swing low handle with like two candles that close higher than this one. You know, regardless of everything being bearish, I would look for us to come up and fill really the next, this high right here up into this fair value gap. And that's just kind of like ICT strategy. But the four hour for me is still bullish. So as long as DXY, which is the chart for the dollar, will agree with my narrative.
What I see happening here is...
The daily range, we have a massive liquidity rate up here. So the daily is pretty bearish. These lows are going to get cleared at some point. We're engineering that sell side heavily. So I see this as our range, but I would like to see a pushback up into a daily premium. And the reason for that is this high, as of right now, I'm just anticipating. But if we start, like I said, if we get that daily swing low,
This high is going to be a weak high because it failed to do its job and create a new low. We also have that sell side liquidity being engineered in the form of equal lows. Price came down to this fractal four hour demand. Now we not only definitely got a 15 minute internal change of character, but we got a four hour. Where is my trend line? Right there. Because if you look, a lot of people had set up here and they said we haven't got it.
I think I actually did get it. But to me, that was our, because this candle was our most recent internal high. It forced this candle to go down, created a new low. We went lower, lower, until we didn't, broke above. And then we had this fractal demand, or no, it was not fractal. I apologize. Surprise came into that area.
We saw some low time frame. This is reaccumulation. We kind of formed that creek, so to speak, to hop over. Price came up, hit that last preliminary support, and pushed to the upside. Got our sign of strength. So at this point, for me, I would look... This is going to be a really strong zone in this candle. Did it get hit? It looks like it did.
No, it didn't. So I would look for a push down into this zone because this candle is a sweep zone. It swept this previous zone. So it's a rate of liquidity and we saw a big move up. You could refine it down to this area. Personally, I'm okay with watching this area. I'll watch price as it comes into it. But what I want to see is I want to see price push down into this area. Maybe we come up right now. It looks like we're going for...
we probably form some relatively equal highs right here let's see right there so you've got your buy side liquidity you always should identify that those are that's going to get swept probably what i can see is price comes up
You know, you might get a nice liquidity rate set up, you know, low timeframe break of structure with displacement, just like we saw on indices. And then push down into this area, trapping those early longs, removing their stop losses because we have these inducement lows right here. And we push back down into our area of demand. And that's where I would look to be a buyer.
And again, that's what I'm doing right now. I'm just building a narrative. You see, I've went all the way from the weekly. I've given why I think we're going to go lower. I want to look at the daily chart, but I do believe we could go higher first. So we're starting to exhibit those signs of strength. This is what you would call accumulation.
And this is why I don't like schematics, because I'm not a huge Wyckoff guy, but I also do understand what is occurring in accumulation. It's just demand creation and the manipulation of lows. In a nutshell, orders are accumulating to push the market up and mark up the price. And the market's going to go up and the asset will be distributed. Right here, I would look for, this is really...
our liquidity right here. If we could get a nice rate above that, I would look to the low timeframes to take a short down to these lows. At that point, I'd be out and then I'd be looking for 15 minute to go bullish again. Another thing I want to stress, while the 15 minute did go bullish and we've kind of established that, what's going to have to happen if the 15 minute gets way up here? We'll just say it comes up here above that buy side liquidity and then
comes all the way down to here am i gonna wait for a one minute change of character right there absolutely not i'm gonna wait for a 15 minute and will i maybe miss the trade maybe but that so be it i'm not going to um you know that's not how i'm gonna base my trading plan is being afraid of missing it if you ever catch yourself about to take a trade and you're like making a decision so you don't miss a trade just stop because that's that's a very toxic uh
Very toxic mentality. Also, for those of you guys, I know I put Frizz's page up, but here is an indicator that he wanted me to share with you guys. All this stuff is super good. Do you have a Twitter, Frizz?
Oh, wait, that's cool. I didn't even realize that we had the fair value. Oh, he said at negative. You should make one. You really should make one. But, yeah, guys, I'm going to hop off here. We've been on here for almost an hour. But I appreciate all of you coming through. And let me know in the comments. And also, for those of you in the Discord, head over to, you know, if you want, head over to Testimonials, drop a message. Let me know if you like this new stream format, if it helped you.
And yeah, I'll be on here tomorrow night. It'll be seven o'clock again, Eastern time. And until then, safe trading. I'll see you guys later.
