This three-step strategy consistently gives me days like this, this, and this, and I'm about to show you exactly how. Now, I've been trading for nine years, and in that time, I've tested hundreds of complicated strategies, and this is hands down the best strategy I've ever found, which is why I named it the A-plus strategy. And in this video, I'm gonna teach you the full strategy and do a one-month backtest to prove to you that it works. So you've seen my results, but the real question is, how can you do it too?
and that is the goal for you to be able to walk away from this video and make consistent profits as a trader with less than 90 minutes of work per day and you're going to do this in three simple steps number one we're going to identify our key levels
Number two, we're gonna confirm the market direction. And number three is how we find our entries. Let's hop on a chart to get right into step number one. First, you're gonna get to your desk right at 9.30 a.m. Eastern time, also known as New York time. And you use the same time for any market. This works in futures, stocks, crypto, and Forex. When it comes to this strategy, there are two ways you can execute depending on the market condition that you're trading in. This is very important to avoid losing trades. Now, we'll get back to that later.
But for now, we want to start out on our five minute chart. So to do this, you're going to be on trading view and you're going to click this five minute button up here. This means that each candle you see represents five minutes worth of price action. We're going to mark our first set of levels by marking out the high.
and the low of this first five-minute candle that begins at 9.30 AM EST and ends at 9.35. And that's literally it. This candle is all you need to find consistent winning trades because this level appears every single trading day. And the reason that we use this first five-minute candle is because it has the highest amount of volume of any candle over the entire trading day. This means the high is where selling pressure was the strongest, and then at the low, the buying pressure was the strongest.
And this is important. Now we're going to come back to this in just a second. But first guys, I want you to ask yourself a very important question. When you find something that works and is proven, do you actually stick with it long enough to see results? Or are you one of the traders who jumps from strategy to strategy? Because if you are, you will never become profitable.
because consistency is what separates profitable traders from everyone else. So right now, I want you to comment and make a commitment to stay consistent with this strategy. Otherwise, you may as well leave the video right now. Now that we got that out of the way, and those of you who are still here are committed to taking this seriously.
Let's hop into step number two, which is confirming the market's direction. Now, to do this, we're gonna need to switch to our one minute chart, which you're gonna do by going up here and clicking on this one minute button. Now, each candle you see represents one minute's time worth of price action. Now, when we wait for this break, it may seem really simple, right? You just wanna wait for the market to break outside and close or maybe create a fair value gap, but that.
is not what we're looking for now for those of you who don't know what a fair value gap is it's just this gap whenever a middle candle moves really aggressive and it leaves a gap
between the candle before its wick and the candle after its wick. Now, you may have seen this strategy before where we use this fair value gap for an entry. And while this does work, you risk a lot of losing streaks. And the strategy that I'm about to show you today is much more powerful. I've spent a ton of time testing this, and I'm very excited to go over the back test with you guys later in the video. To be clear, guys, the fair value gap does matter, but...
it's not enough to confirm our entry. All this does is confirms the market direction. Now for this to confirm the direction, we need at least one of the three candles involved in the creation of the fair value gap to close either outside the high or outside the low. Now, the reason this is important is because we've identified that the most amount of selling pressure happened at the high and the most amount of buying pressure happened at the low. So if we are breaking through this level,
with force, creating a fair value gap, then at this time we can be confident that the market is going to be pushed higher because buyers are in control.
This brings us into step number three, which is how we find our trade entry. And there are two types of entries for this strategy depending on what condition the market is in. And we're going to talk about how to figure that out later. But for now, let's focus on entry method number one, which I like to call the confirmation entry. Now, this is extremely simple. And once this fair value gap has been created through either the high or the low, I cannot stress this enough.
you have to have at least one of these three candles closing outside the range. The gap itself does not have to happen through the range, but at least one of the three candles in the fair value gap pattern has to close beyond either the high or the low. Once you have that happen, what you're going to wait for is a retest candle. Now.
what is a retest candle well as you can see the market has came back down and retested this level but this alone is not enough to confirm an entry we need to show that this fair value gap is going to hold so at this time what we're going to wait for is a very simple but powerful pattern and what we're looking for is an engulfing of the retest candle so what does that mean well if we zoom in on this candle right here we can see that this candle's body was fully engulfed
by this up close candle so we can see that buyers stepped in and took back control confirming that we are likely to move higher so at this time we are good to look for our entry now to do this what you're gonna do is go over here to the left on trading view and you're gonna click the long position if it's a buy if it was a short which i'm gonna show you bearish examples in a second along with the other entry model
you would click short if we're going through the lows. But for now, we'll click long position because we are looking for a buy since we broke the high. Now, your trade entry is very simple. It's just as soon as that engulfing candle closes, then we're going to put our stop loss one tick below the low of this retest candle. And for the target, we're going to go for a fixed three to one risk to reward.
also known as three are now what this means is you're going to take this box right here and you're going to extend it until it says that your risk to reward ratio is three this means that on a winning trade we'll make three times as much profit as we would lose when we're wrong and this helps us stay profitable in the long term so at this time you're good to enter the trade and you're going to take your stop loss and put it down one tick below that retest candle and you're going to take your take profit order or your target
and put it at that three to one fixed risk reward now this saves you from being confused trying to pick the perfect exit of the market it's just the same every single time and as you can see we've got 250 at risk to make 750 and now your work is done it's literally that simple
And one of my favorite things about this strategy is how fast the take profit hits. As you can see in this specific trade, we only had to wait about six minutes for the take profit to hit. And in that six minutes, we made $750 trading one NASDAQ contract. The high win rate, high risk to reward nature of this strategy makes it perfect for prop firms. If you wanna get an 80% off discount, you can use code CASPER at the link to APEX in my description.
seeing how the first entry model works. However, you don't yet have everything you need to trade this correctly. You still need to see how this executes in different market conditions to understand this second entry strategy. So let's walk through some recent trade examples over the last week. That way you can see exactly how powerful the strategy is and know how to determine which market conditions and which entry model you should use. And then we'll see how it performed over the whole month to prove to you that.
it works so here we are at 9 30 a.m and we've got the high and the low of the first five minute candle marked out as you can see here we've got our break so it's time to check for a fair value gap and to be clear guys small fair value gaps count as well so now we're gonna wait to get our confirmation and we want to see the market trade back into this fair value gap and then do what we want to see the market engulf now notice right here the very next candle's body
engulfed this up close candle this means that it closed or the square part of the candle completely engulfed the up candle so at this time you're good to enter the trade and you want to put your stop loss one tick above this retest candle then for our target we've got a fixed three to one so you're good to enter the trade move your stops and your target
and then sit back and let the market do the work for you. As you can see, we've got $645 at risk to make $1,900 in profit. And this trade goes to the target pretty quickly as well. It took about seven minutes in total. This brings our profit to $2,665 in less than a half hour's work. And this brings us to entry model number two, which is how we're gonna trade expanding markets. Ask yourself this question.
If you were able to hold on to your biggest winners, what would your trading look like? Now, I know for me, whenever I was trying to become a profitable trader, one of the biggest problems I had was that I wouldn't be able to hold on to my winning trades, whether it was that I was closing them too early or they would hit my target and then run without me. But learning how to properly hold on to my big winners and expect when the market was going to make big moves.
that was one of the biggest turning points in my trading career so i'm really excited to break this one down for you guys so we still go to the one minute chart just like usual to look for our break now we would wait to see if we get a fair value gap out of the range and as you can see we get one right here now i know you're probably wondering how do we know when the markets are expanding and i'm going to tell you in just a second but first we need to go over the entry so we would still wait to see when the market comes back down now this is one of the hard parts of the strategy is when the markets are expanding
Sometimes you get scared like the market's going to run away without you. But you have to stay patient and understand that your edge is going to rely on you being disciplined. And the people who are patient in the markets are those who get rewarded. Always remember that. Now, while everybody is chasing the market, you're going to be patiently waiting for your entry. And once the market gives you this same pattern, that retest candle getting engulfed.
We're going to enter, but we're going to do things a little differently with our stop and our take profit. Now, instead of placing the stop loss one tick under the retest candle, we're going to place it under the gap candle in the fair value gap. So whatever candle created the gap. Now, this is where it gets pretty interesting. For our target, we're just going to let it run, but we're going to do this mechanically. Let me explain. Now, I may have exaggerated a little bit because you're still going to mark three to one risk to reward.
But you're not just going to take profits at this level. And what you're going to use this as as a trigger, because once the market passes this level, now you can see in this market, we got a really big move. So at this time, you're not just going to take profits. But as soon as the market passes through that three to one risk reward, you're going to take your stop loss and you're going to trail it up just below each one minute candle. So at this time, you'd wait for the next candle to print. You're then going to take your stop loss and you're going to put it up.
one below this candle now i know you're probably thinking why are we moving our stop loss and not taking profit well in this entry your stop loss is your take profit because you want to see just how far the market can run so you got your stops placed under this candle you want to see what happens to the next candle and then you have to move your stops up again now i want to see what happens with the next candle we're going to move our stops up again now what happens with the next candle
Okay, well we got stopped out now that's totally fine because look how much extra profit we got on that trade This single trade made us almost five thousand dollars when originally it would have only made us about 1900 now you see exactly how powerful this is so
how do you determine when the markets are going to expand and when they're not now there are two ways to identify expanding markets the first of which you're gonna go to forexfactory.com and it's gonna bring you to this page then click this button and make sure that you only have usd selected now what this page is is the economic calendar so it's gonna show you
all of the different news events that are going to affect the market now what we want to focus on is the red folder news which means that it has the highest expected impact on the market we're going to remove and uncheck these other three boxes and then what we want to see is red folder news on the day
that we are looking for an expanded market. Because anytime we have red folder news, we know that the market is likely going to make a big move. Now, the second way we're going to do this is by using the chart. And to do this, we're gonna go all the way to the daily timeframe. And don't worry, we don't have to do a bunch of analysis. All you're gonna do is go to indicators and you're gonna type in the average true.
range. What this average true range shows is the average size of each daily candle or whatever timeframe that you're looking at. Now, if we know that the average candle is getting bigger in size, meaning that each day is increasing in size and its range, well, then we know that the market's likely to keep expanding. And look how well this works.
as this was dropping when you see right here look what the market was doing it was just consolidating we're getting a lot of chop however once the average terrain starts to increase we can see that we get these big range days now this is where we want to be able to let our winners run so what you want to see is an average true range
being increasing for more than three days before you call an expanding market now let's take a look at how this strategy performed over the last month and before i show you just how powerful the strategy is to be clear yes it's awesome but only if you're able to stay consistent because chances are you've had many great strategies but you're still not a profitable trader and the reason that i know this is because i used to be in the exact same boat
which is why now i mentor traders to help them avoid all of the losses and wasted time that i had to go through i do this by trading live with my traders sharing my screen and my executions every single trade that my traders take is reviewed they get access to our proprietary software and direct access to me for anything they need and if you haven't guessed already this is not just your average trading discord and because of this i'm so confident in my system that i will literally personally trade with you until you're a funded trader
if you apply what i tell you to do and it still doesn't work now due to this being a direct mentorship that is very intensive i do limit availability so i'll leave a link at the top of the description of this video and if it does not work then that means the slots are taken but if it does work then that means there are still slots for this enrollment it'll be the link that's right beside the word mentorship now let's hop into the back test because this is crazy
All right, guys, so quick disclaimer before we look at the backtesting results. So we put the strategy to the test. Let's see how it performed. As you can see right here, we had a P&L of $10,950 over a total of 17 trades with a win rate of 70.5%.
Now, the max drawdown on this strategy was only $1,300, which makes it perfect for trading prop firms like Apex. Again, I have a code down in the description that can get you a discount. If this video is helpful to you, make sure to subscribe to the channel because I post videos every single week. And also somewhere on your screen, you'll see a button that you can click to watch my free course that teaches you literally everything that you need in order to win at trading this year. Now, remember guys, trading is not easy and it takes time to get good at.
But if you can just stick to the process, it definitely can change your life. So make sure to stay consistent, guys. Use this simple strategy day in and day out. And I'm rooting for each one of you guys to win. I'll see you in the next one.
