What's good? What's good? What is this? I'll give everyone a second to get in here. What's up, Zach?
So another week, tons of, uh, tons of opportunities coming up. I'm going to go over a couple. Also, please ignore all of this writing. I'm actually going to make an infographic for you guys. I'll go over it a little bit today in stream too. It's just a really good example on, um, low timeframe ranges and how you can, you know, basically really you could have caught this whole move. Now I wouldn't have targeted the high personally. I'll show you how you could have, um,
gotten entries down here at the bottom and how I use imbalances with liquidity rates to do that. So what's the S&P doing? Yeah, it seems like bullish order flows in play. I mean, there is an opportunity for some sales here, but it doesn't really seem like the overall bias for me, as you guys know, is these equal highs up here. So it's kind of up only, you know, in a sense.
There was a small selling opportunity and there always will be even these up moves. But if you look, I guarantee this reacted. Oh, where is it? Right here. So off the morning impulse move, if you look at that, we reacted right off of a, as soon as price got into a discount, filled that little imbalance, it moved violently away from it. So as long as it can hold, it seems like it wants to take the high and that bullish order flow is still in effect. Now, while we did get a short opportunity here,
We came up, took a short-term low with displacement, could have taken a short stop loss here and targeted these lows. It wasn't really the greatest risk-to-reward after spreads, to be honest, and it is against the bias. So there comes a point where, yes, you can develop a trade idea, but do you really want to take it? It's kind of redundant. Hold on one second.
Also, what's up, Adeliki? And hell yeah, yeah, we are approaching 1,000 subs. That's awesome. You noticed that. It's been dope, man. We started in March and I had like 50. So I really appreciate you guys. Everything's been going real nice. I'm actually pretty close to, once I get that, I'll be close to watch time for monetization too. But I don't know how, I don't really know how any of that works. To be honest, I need to get a little bit more educated with it.
Yeah. And then with this massive move on SPY, I mean, we still didn't even take any kind of short-term low on a five-minute. I don't know why. TradingView has been bugging recently. It's like it moves my lines. It'll move everything. It confuses me even. Yeah. And also, like Adeliki said, hit the likes. I really appreciate it.
So with indices, while we did see that little buy side raid and it did give potential selling opportunity, it would look something like this. It would have sold really as soon as price came back into that here. But then your target's right there. It's not even two to one.
the spread, it's going to make it even lower. So it's kind of like, I mean, maybe you take that and it's your style. It would have hit, you know, but, um, for me personally, especially if it's counter to the bias that I just chill on it. Yeah. Cause the overall bias is to reach the highs. Like we just did with NQ or NOS. Right. Um, it's interesting. Indices are kind of all over the fucking place. If you want my honest opinion.
They're not really, you know, we look at 30. 30, I think, has the most upside. Somebody's mic's echoing. But 30 seems to have the most upside. Got this impalence and these daily equal highs up here. That seems to be the draw. It's pretty clear to me. Not to say we'll go straight to it, but that seems what price is drawing to. But then we have NAS, which this was the draw for me. So we've clicked that. Also, good morning, vibing.
You know, we've hit that. So it's kind of weird. You know, everything also is at a weekly equilibrium or coming into it. Maybe I think we're at a little bit of a premium here. You know, everything is all over the place. It really is. I think the weekly is drawing into this imbalance. So I do think we might see a little higher for NOS. As far as 30, I mean, everything is looking pretty clean. But when I say they're all over the place, it's like, you know, 30 has a lot of room. Spy is kind of inching up on it, and NOS has already cleared it, which is...
interesting to say the least. I mean, how on NAS, you know, we also have a lot of highs up here. I'm not sure if that's in.
The weekly imbalance now, that's another weekly imbalance. So we kind of just take it day by day. For NOS, the daily draw on liquidity has been met. We came into this fair value gap as well. If anything, I could see potential retracement for NOS. If you pay attention to this order block right here, or not order block, I'm sorry, imbalance. I guess you could look at it like that, like a demand zone. But I think that would hold...
some uh some value that area in there um but again really it's kind of seems like everything wants to be uh up only as a whole now that's not to say we won't see down you know movement intraday like i said there was selling opportunities today so um
Personally, the only thing I took this was this morning. I took two trades, a Euro, JPY, sell, and then a long. And the long ended up getting stopped. The sell I took off of, where was it? Up in this fair value gap. I didn't even mark it. And then took this low right here. So it was nice. Nothing really major for me. Also, I appreciate you, big Umros. We'll definitely keep working. But nothing really crazy for me today. Also, that's not true. I took a gold sell. It went pretty nicely.
Pretty quick. And I'll give you guys a little rundown on why I took this. And also for the ones in the Discord, I did not signal this. I don't want to give that out. It was not a trade that was given. It just happened too fast. And you can see the whole TP hit in like less than 20 minutes. For me, there was the news that came out this morning, which is the Empire State. I can't remember the rest of the...
fdx yeah i'll go through fdx um i'm guessing is that fedex i don't even i don't know i don't really watch stocks much i just watch indices but uh here we had some news come out that um it was worse than expected i think the it was the michigan consumer sentiment it was not a michigan i'm sorry empire state
Empire State something, but basically I know it's just the New York indicator for how business is doing in the state of New York, which it came out that it was doing much, much worse than expected. So that initially brought a lot of value into the dollar, which gold is denominated by. So when we see that kind of impulse movement, especially above high...
And then we don't just short from there. And then I wait for a one minute break with displacement. All right. We definitely got that.
Now, I didn't really see a clear fair value gap entry. I just entered as soon as I just marketed. There's no way for me to signal that. So sorry for you guys who were wondering, like, damn, why didn't you signal it? But that's just where I was at with it. But also with gold, overall bias, still definitely leaning to the short narrative. I mean, it looks at this point like 17.
71 is near target. It seems what it's drawing to on intraday timeframes. That's pretty clear to me. Price is extremely bearish. It didn't even move to a premium. It came close to it, but of this impulse move and then move violently away. Now, I could have held the sales longer, but I just prefer to be in and out. It's really just, I like it. It's an easier, more efficient.
way to trade in my opinion um on somebody's i don't know who made that noise but um
Yeah, overall bias with gold is bearish. Huge break with displacement here. I think after we clear out these lows right here, we'll have some form of retracement and then can look to position ourselves again. So this is a big setup I'm going to be watching going into the week. We've been talking about this all the way since last week. We had that massive push up into the daily imbalance finally and the supply. I think it was a four-hour supply right there. That's what I'm talking about, trading view. It just moves my stuff.
Hold on, Joel. I'm going to have to mute you. Are you going to talk? I don't want to mute you. Oh, sorry. I didn't even realize that. You're fine. You're totally fine. I just want to mute you if you were.
if you were going to talk. But yeah, so overall with gold, I'd look for something in here, maybe a reversal up into this imbalance and then more downside. But that's the narrative that I'm framing my ideas around right now. Sure, you can catch moves in today, but anything for any kind of swings, I would want to see a premium of whatever impulse move we create here. There's another setup. I think it was $0, was it?
Yeah, I want to see a return up to this breaker for potential sales in Aussie dollar. It was a four-hour breaker.
So the reason there's a break run if you're looking at it, it didn't take those stops, but I looked at it like it did take these. We saw a massive move to the downside. Aussie dollar daily is kind of indecisive for me because we have some equal highs forming right here. And you have the imbalance above it, but it's weird how impulsively we move down. Just drawing into this imbalance, but overall swing perspective, I would look for it to come up into this region up here, into that 717.
ish and there's a lot of volatile news for aussie and the new zealand dollar so i'm going to be watching the new zealand dollar as well um i like the new zealand dollar a little bit better in my opinion i just think it has more upside potentially um and also another one was a gbp yeah gbp nzd is coming really close to a massive level i need to chart this up with you guys got sell side liquidity down here
and then a ton of highs building up here. Now, I wouldn't look to just catch any kind of trade all the way up there, but we are engineering massive amounts of liquidity, and a lot of the sell side has been taken. I still would like this low, but I see a lot of times we'll make this, that first short-term low right there gets taken, and then you see at least a retracement up into these imbalances.
Overall, what I like is that imbalance as well. I think that's what we're going to be drawing to. Could move away from this one. You know, the impulse move, when you really look at it, kind of is, I would say, here. And that is an NA premium. Now, it's not required we go into a premium. You guys know that. But I would prefer it if I was looking to.
you know, determine that is my draw on liquidity. Maybe it's somewhere in this imbalance. But that's kind of what I'm looking at here. Again, there's a lot of volatile news. So on those days, I think it's, let me see, I want to say tomorrow evening.
There's some volatile news tonight for Aussie at 9.30 Eastern. And then, yeah, tomorrow evening, late, if you're on Eastern time like me, there's a lot of volatile news for New Zealand dollar and Aussie. And they move together a lot of the times. So I think that we have some potential opportunities arising. So if we can get...
up into any kind of areas of liquidity or see any kind of raids. That's really what I'm looking for. To see right here. See, the thing with me is I don't like that closure on a daily chart. You want to see the daily wick off of it. So we could even see a reversal here. Main points of interest for me is going to be this low. I think that's going to frame some really nice opportunities somewhere under there.
Euro, New Zealand. I don't really like this chart. It's kind of sloppy to me. So I'm not really, if anything, I would think it's probably going down towards these lows looking at a weekly. But it's not super clear to me. So I kind of just stray away from stuff like that. USD CAD. I like this high right here. So they've got buy side of liquidity building up here. Everybody wanted to go short. Everybody wants to short all the way down. It's a crash.
A lot of major indexes, you know, S&P, the NASDAQ, US30 are approaching some of their targets we are looking at for potential reversals. Not to say that we're for sure going to reverse right above all those equal highs that we just spoke about, but we could see some retracement. So, for instance, if we see that, we'll definitely see a move to the upside in anything with USD at the head.
And the reason for that is there will be value accumulated into the U.S. dollar after smart money takes their profits on indices. But I think that this imbalance and this high hold interest. Above those areas, we could look for potential sales. Now, depending on the rest of the markets, if we start to see a super strong bearish narrative, we could see even new highs on this. But time will tell with that. Can't tell the future. The weekly chart.
It's interesting. Or was it a monthly I'd looked at? I think it was a weekly. Because we filled this imbalance right there. And, you know, I mean, when you look at that and then you look at this daily chart, you know, if we break above this swing high and hold there nicely and don't see a selling narrative, I would look for these highs just based off the weekly. Because, you know, we're just using that lower timeframe to confirm our...
or higher time frame, which in this case would be the weekly. And also, if you look at the swing structure for USDCAD, we've got quite a ways to go until a premium. And yeah, this would be where I would market. Maybe you guys have something different. Feel free to tweet it at me if you do, but that's what I see as the swing structure. Also, if we look at, where is it?
Actually, that's a different chart. They can have something totally different. Overall though, main setups that I really like, I like really indices playing a potential long narrative up into these highs. I'm going to go daily like we went over. I think US 30 has the most room. S&P still has a good bit of room as well.
NAS, I think it's kind of already breached the target. You could definitely maybe frame some ideas up into this imbalance, but I would just go with one of the other indices personally. Gold, looking like she wants to sell off soon. Want to see a retrace up into that zone. Okay, so for crypto, I'm sorry you're going to have to ignore. I'll just do this. I have a lot of drawings because I drew up a little case study yesterday that I want to share with you guys.
I'm, you know, crypto is getting, here's the thing. If we see indices move up, you know, harshly, which we do have some room left up until those equal highs. So if we see that, you know, we might make new highs on Bitcoin. But just looking at this chart, if anything, I see a three drive on the daily and on the four hour.
More clear on the one hour. And you see we have this liquidity rate followed by a break of structure. Liquidity rate followed by a break of structure. So now to confirm this, we'll want to see price come up into this imbalance above this high right here. Because that's where the early short's gone. Everybody's shorting all the FOMO that missed this. So I would look for anywhere in this one hour fair value gap.
You could even look at this order block right there. Somewhere in those regions, that's where I would look for a lower time frame shift to frame a sell around. I'm pretty short bias as of right now in crypto. The only way that's going to change my mind is if I get a four hour closure above this high. Other than that, all this just looks like a ton of liquidity rates. And I also think it kind of goes with the FOMO narrative. Everybody who did not want to buy crypto here.
is ready to buy it here and you guys know how that is just think people buying bitcoin at 50k um right literally so and like that there's all these wicks it just looks like tons of just liquidity raids now on the daily we're not really getting um you know the first one i wasn't really worried about now we're getting all this it's just kind of you know now what's going to really cement this is if we break this high right here with displacement because if you look
On this liquidity raid, we never came down and broke any kind of swing low. But now here we've started to the expansion. The distance from impulse move low to high is starting to weaken. Really the impulse move started there. Now the next one is very short. So we're starting to see those expansions weaken with time. Also three drives. That's not my thing. ICT made it up.
Because it's kind of a distribution pattern. Think distribution if you like Wyckoff. But also we can see clear displacement here. Everybody said, oh my God, Bitcoin's above 25K again. So for me, this holds a lot of value, this fair value gap. But I do think these early shorts are going to get liquidated first. So that is my setup I'm watching with Bitcoin going into the week.
ADA, I did. Let's see. Quick question, Casper. Say we do fill all our shorts here and we get the reaction around 24,700, and then we come back and sweep these recent lows where people entered their early shorts. Are you targeting back down towards, say, 23,500, 23,200, or would you take profits a bit? So 22,350, yeah.
That's what I'd be looking mainly for. Also, I mean, here's the thing, though. I'm not going to try to get in a shortened hold of that whole time, though. I'm just going to build my bias around it, and then I'll look for intraday rates to the buy side and then just target. Like, for instance, today, let's just say price comes above these highs. You know, we're in the one hour imbalance and we get that shift. You know, I would look to just target this. That's it. You know what I mean? And that'd be as long as the risk reward. I've learned that that, to me, is a much easier.
Oops. I don't know what alert I have. I can't remember. That's a much easier way for me to... I just want to delete my... There we go. That's a much easier way to operate. Now, leave a runner. You know, if it's pro daily bias, that never hurts. But, you know, you guys know how I like to do it. I just would rather give it some space to breathe and after I get my trick, get in and get out and then come back the next day.
I'm 88. Go ahead. No, I was going to say thank you. And so also like talking into that zone that you're looking for that load to clear, like right under 23, like 400. Would you start to look for that lower high to be put in on higher timeframes, like say the four hour daily for a reversal back to clear those highs? Like you said, you wanted to see that four hour close above these highs if the indices do decide to start pumping up.
Would that be the good zone for us to build our longs? I mean, for me personally, I could see a buying narrative under here for sure. You know what I mean? But that's just going to come with four hour breaks of structure. And then lower time frame and whatnot. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, for sure. No problem. I just kind of try to play it day by day and just ask myself, where do I think this daily candle is going to close? Because now if you're a swing trader, a position trader, you know, you got to think of where the next lower high or higher low is going to get put in.
personally i like to be done trading by like noon um as far as like scoping for stuff and for that i only need to know you know where is today going i don't gotta you know what i'm saying but i mean that would be the next area i would look to build lungs but in all honesty i mean look at these equal lows sitting here you know there's tons of stops so i i wouldn't you know momentum to the downside then we can just start to target the
lows and not fight the trend yeah i mean i think that i could see some you know a consolidation up in this area like so the weekly draw on liquidity i mean theoretically we did go up above the the equilibrium and now look what's happening you know we're getting sold off but you know we could you know look for higher because at the end of the day you know the weekly impulse move you know we are sitting
and moving pretty harshly away right from that equilibrium. That's just the impulse. We got swing structure, and this is why I don't really use, for crypto especially, I don't really use weekly swing structure, because that would say, okay, well, you know.
theoretically we haven't even got a change of character yet, but, um, you know, we'd look for up in here and we could see that, but I'm, again, I just am more about like piece by piece trying to, you know, put the puzzle together as it forms instead of trying to predict the future, you know? Cause yeah, sure. We can try to say, you know, we're going to target up here and have like a huge stop loss. And then at the end of the day, it's, it's cool because there's a bunch of percent, but like, you know, I'm here to make money. I don't care about percents.
I'll make as much money off of a 0.5% move as I will, you know, 5% move if my stop loss is too big. But here's one thing I wanted to watch. So 88, not really. I haven't, I've been testing some of these concepts on certain coins. See right here.
We got this, I think it was a 15 minute or is it a daily imbalance? No, a four hour. Yeah, that's what it was. Four hour imbalance right there. Also, I'm sitting right at equilibrium of the impulse move. So, you know, after that for a four hour zone, preferably I'd like to see a break of structure or just any kind of shift in structure. So like right there with displacement, I'm not going to rush it, but.
I haven't really messed around with ADA like on the super low timeframes. And it looks like it's respecting it on a one minute. See, and then this would have been the initial aggro enter. I'm kind of just watching this one. If I get a 15 minute break with this place and I'll enter it. But right there, that would have been your break on the one minute entry in this fair value gap.
What are you going to target? Well, you could just target this low, but realistically, I mean, I would look for these lows down here, or at least these. I think S&P, yeah, it moved nicely off that zone. I thought it was going to maybe come back up and take it, but it seems like the bearish order flow is in play for the day. A lot of longs got induced this morning.
Again, overall bias would still be to the upside. USDCAD, four hours, confirming shorts. Let's see.
Yeah, I don't know. For me, with USDCAD, it could, but I want to see this high up here. That's what I think we're drawing to on the daily. But I see what you're saying. Like that right there. You'll probably be able to catch this. I would take it personally in this imbalance, though. I can see it for sure. Because I actually wanted to play a lick raid this morning. If you look right here, I had it marked up. Then I was like, fuck. I'm not even going to fuck with it just because it was against my bias. I try not to trade Forex. I've noticed.
I swear to God, if I trade Forex just 11 a.m. Eastern and before, I swear my results are so much better, personally. I like waking up early, trading Forex first, getting in a trade or two, then waiting for the equity open and trading indices in Bitcoin.
Dude, honestly, I've been fucking playing with gold a lot lately. It's fun, bro. I used to not like it, but I only scalp it. I don't try to swing anything because I even will go back and backtest. I'm like, God, thank God I didn't swing. Oh, this is what I wanted to do. Bro, it's get in and out. You can't chart this off in Wyckoff. This is not respect Wyckoff. This doesn't respect Jesus. It doesn't respect shit. I like...
Honestly, I might take some GU longs, depending on the load time frame right here. GU's looking good for longs. Yeah, I like GU here. Let's see what it should look like. I don't know if I'd take it all the way or not. Let's see. That's the only problem here. Because, yeah, it's like I see it. And I like this up here. I do. But I'm not playing. Actually, I would be playing a four-hour. Even the four-hour impulse move for me.
I wouldn't take it all the way up to these equal highs just because I'm trying to trade just the impulse moves. I'm just trying to see if the risk reward even makes sense. So ideally what I want to see is I want to see a break of, it should work depending on, I want to see a break of a high, right? With displacement. So I'm actually going to keep an eye on this for a second. Yeah, that should work because DXY is pumping right now. Because this is finicky because it's one of those where it's like, when I put these liquidity rates, so if we look, we kind of came down here.
You know, one could look at these or this as a high, but it's just not clear enough for me. I might regret it, but I've got to stick to it. But if we can get a break above this high with displacement, I'll definitely look, which we'll know pretty soon. Did somebody just add me? Oh, of course. Yeah, for sure. Oh, that was five minutes ago. I got an alert just now. See, I don't like that.
You can tell a lot too. Just watching price and watching the lower time frame, just how candles react to different levels or different highs will tell you a lot. I hate putting these on my screen. Usually when I'm trading by myself, I'll put this here and I'll just move it with it. I'm on MT4, so I'm on my phone, but I feel like people are always going to market order some shit as soon as they see that blue box. Also, I see...
some of these messages. Let me see. FDX, I'm going to. I just kind of want to watch these opportunities because we might have some form. FDXY looked like it could distribute here. I don't know, though. It seems like it might want these highs just because after that reaction of that imbalance, it came down and cleared that. Now it would be seeking up, it seems like. Unless there was something left. It doesn't really seem like there was. It wasn't already filled. Spy doing.
Honestly, Bitcoin and indices seem like they're just generating liquidity. It's been a nice opportunity on NAS. The stock market, the market makers are having fun right now. Literally, it's just like just straight generating liquidity. If you're playing options right now, you're getting fucked. It depends on your position. Because right now, they're just eating liquidity. Eating beta. They're taking people's lunch money. Right.
yeah like if you went long on tesla at the beginning of the day your contracts are negative right if you decided to hold just because theta bird is crazy on tesla contracts
it's interesting because like you see i moved off this low but it's just like lackluster we moved off and then a four hour candle just equally as bearish almost more selling pressure after we really did move into a discount i don't know i'll probably hold off on these the more i look at it because one thing i've noticed these liquidity rate setups and i might regret it but if i for instance like the the impulse move is what i'm looking at not the swing structure
So the impulse move, well, yes, there's buy side above it, but we've moved impulse way away from this area. Also, you could look at this as a flip zone, you know, this whole little buy to sell area because we came down and knocked out that demand. So after we came back down, we cleared a low, you know, the long opportunity was really this morning because look, you know, here was what we're looking for. I'm kind of almost was looking for at that moment where we were just at because look.
And this is why it's cleaner. When you start to force something, you'll end up getting burnt. But if you look at that, fair value gap entry, that would have been the move. And if you see, that would have been very clean. You could have just took it to the first liquidity target at a premium and caught it a day. That would have been a fucking massive trade. But I think this happened. Yeah, I was actually waking up as this was going on. I'm going to hold off on those. Same thing with Euro.
Hero gave... I should have stop-hunted the first build. That would have been painful. True pain. That was... The move was over here. Again, yeah, with 4x2, almost always the big move of the day is going to be achieved during killzone. Almost every time.
okay so let's look at some of these people somebody said how do i get the labels the price levels to adjust to the time frame they don't adjust wait you mean like i where it says daily imbalance i just put that or if you're saying just this right here that's actually a setting i think it's on the scales and indicators and financials value labels i think is what that is i don't know they might just do it but i know that this you have to turn on for your indicators if you have indicators that have values over here
But if you're asking about like daily, where it says daily and stuff, I just type that in. I just have presets set. So FDX, that is FedEx. Look at a monthly starting off. Monthly, you have downside, definitely, overall. So these are really the monthly levels I'd be looking at. 142 to 231. Obviously, it's a monthly, so I don't think we're going to 231 anytime soon.
Weekly price action is pretty fucking sloppy. I mean, if anything, I would look almost for not the price to just go there, but that's the only clear area I see. They ask these lows down here, but I'm looking for the bottom one, if anything. We're also reacting pretty rough to this monthly level. Seems like we're having trouble getting above it daily.
Yeah, I don't know, man. It's pretty just sloppy chart for what I trade. Now, there may be other people that have a cleaner visual, but for me, when I see this, I mean, I would look for this low currently because you just filled this gap. So that'd be like our sell side liquidity in the daily, the last place we moved impulsively away from. So I'd frame trades around 222.86.
it's pretty sloppy though if it were me i would would put my attention elsewhere that's just me um so i said kind of look at matic this actually we've been talking about this don't leave there's too much on my chart oh we talked to this last time it did come up and take the highs like we thought
But it went higher, though, because I remember we thought anticipated it was going to go there, but it did go higher. So really, I mean, massive breakup structure at the upside. So unlike Bitcoin, you've got a closure above. And like we said before, the daily draw.
it's pretty far away um the only thing the only problem i do see is the daily chart i know you got a closure yeah i mean honestly where you're at now doesn't look bad like i would be looking for a shift for a long narrative if anything um you know you've got this massive
Fair value gap right here on a four hour. So personally, I would just wait for a very clear impulsive break of structure on a 15 minute to the upside. And it needs to be like undeniable. Personally, I would only be framing trades up to this zone right here. That's just me.
But I could see higher. These are the two zones you want to pay attention to right here from an intraday perspective. If we get a reversal here, I would look to take it up into this up in here. Probably see another liquidation though. I think it'll be drawn out. I don't think this is going to happen anytime soon. You might just see something flush up. Then that big break of structure, that's your Q. Now if we fail to reverse inside this fair value gap, I'd look for these lows right here.
My Forex watch list and stream chat. Yeah, sure. I'll actually put it there and I'll put it in the YouTube comments. And NKD Oscar, I just now saw that. I hope you're still in here. You are. Okay, cool. Are you talking about crypto or is it stock? There's both. What the hell is this? It's an index feature. There's a metal. I spelled it. They did terrible. What is it? They did terrible. China.
Is that what this is? I think so, yeah. I have no idea what it is, to be honest. Yeah, that's the Chinese S&P 500. Oh, okay. That makes sense. Yeah, they're going through a crisis right now. They've had 12 months of straight downturn on their real estate. People stopped paying their mortgages and shit. It's crazy, bro. This shit looks like a badass short, though.
Bro, the last time this happened, you've heard of Tiananmen Square, right? When the tanks were running over Chinese students? No. Jesus Christ. Yeah, it was in, like, 1972 or so, shit like that, or 76. There was a mortgage crisis in China, and the students started to, like, protest. And you're already now trying to go fuck with protests. Oh, hell no. It ain't America. Bro, they said there's an epic picture.
that shows a student standing in front of a tank with his arms open bro that dude get ran over that's so up they killed like 5 000 people oh my god they just opened fire like they didn't care that's how do i just watched that like last week and it's really my history teacher showed me that i think it was like seventh grade we were all like what the
We had a cool history teacher. He traveled the world, so he was telling us history from where he traveled. And, yeah, China was not nice. Fuck that. Honestly, though, this shit looks like a short, but I would probably look at, since these highs got around and we came to this imbalance, before coming up into this, I would probably see a move down.
That looks like the S&P 500, doesn't it? In a way, it does, doesn't it? It really does. Yeah, rated those highs right there. It kind of does. I didn't even think about that, but it kind of does. No, dude, I was actually doing a case study. I'm going to do a video on it here soon, but I was doing TA on it because I saw someone on Twitter. They were saying the algorithm isn't.
it's not prevalent in all currencies or whatever. They said it's just certain ones, and I was like, bro, it's definitely... If you go to the fucking Chinese yuan, I don't know how to say it. I don't want to sound like an idiot. I don't know, but it's supposed to be a government-controlled currency. Bro, here. The CNY, my bad. Which one is it? I can't remember.
CN. I was doing, because somebody put it up. It's one of those. I thought it was. China. Yeah, just type in. It is CNY. It is CNY. But there's a certain chart. Because there's one for futures. It's not just, it's just CNY. Or is it C? CN? No. There's one against the US dollar, but there's one that's just. Fuck. I always have trouble finding these. Maybe I'll have it in here.
No, I don't. Oh, wait. So it might be six something. Hold on. Oops. Son of a bitch. I'll have to find it. But there's a chart for it. I was starting to mess the other day on Twitter. Goddamn. I'm going to be pissed if I can't find that. I should have wrote that down or added to my watch list. I spent forever on this chart. It's not a six. It should be a six. That's what I thought. That's what all the other ones are.
This looks like it could be a short down into this imbalance is what I would probably. I mean, it just depends because, you know, we did move off this high. Nothing like major on a four hour or anything, though. So you could just see a push up into that supply zone. This is one of those where it's like at that indecensive moment.
You know, you did get a break of a short-term low. Again, I have never traded this, so I don't know how clean this moves, I should say. I mean, I'm sure it does. It's a major Chinese index. No trigger yet. I mean, I would be looking at a break under...
This with displacement now if you got that and a fair value gap you could look to sell this target recent sell side liquidity But it doesn't it looks like it's absorbing the supply so I might be going up higher because again at the end of the day There is this imbalance right here and that supplies on it could be attracting to My cats a demon. He's always trying to get in the cabinets motherfuckers piss me off So we're just tapping in and like continuously opens and shuts
That's really most of the setups I wanted to go over. Sand. Here's another one. Cool. Thanks, Adeliki. Just keep them coming now, guys. I'm here for another 10 minutes or so. I think we did sand. Overall, I mean, it's just generating a shitload of liquidity. It's just squeezing. I really like these equal highs and this imbalance. That's the only clear area. I know it's kind of far away, but that's where I'm at right now with it. Now, you also now have a little bit closer draw.
Right there. I actually might. I'm just not really super bullish on crypto as a whole right now. Indices could bring it up, but Bitcoin, until it closes above that high, I'm not really.
forcing a long narrative. But I mean, this looks good. It really does. The only way that'll shift for me is for one, if Bitcoin starts tanking, obviously. And for two, if we get under this low here, if you get under here, I think we drew this up the other day. If you don't find some kind of resistance support and a rally there, GG's.
That's the zones I would watch. Metal. I haven't watched this coin in a minute. It's literally been since May. Holy shit. Rug pull. A lot of these alts, man, they just move crazy. If I'm looking at this, this looks like a short. Came above that high. There. Massive liquidity raid. Coming, dude.
There really wasn't even an entry on it, in my opinion. I mean, I guess you could say this fair value gap could hold some value. Again, I don't know how well this worked because this is kind of an illiquid coin. I don't think the market cap's very high at all. But, I mean, absolutely massive rate into a fucking daily supply zone. Let's see if I can refine this to a four hour. Did it hit this? Yeah. I mean, this looks like a short and a half.
If anything, I would almost like to look at that candle right there because that's where the last candle before the impulse moved, but I just marked this whole zone. Moved off of it violently. I mean, again, it looks like a sell. Theoretically, the whole supply zone would be this entire massive zone, but this order block here would hold some interest. I mean, it kind of already got traded back up into.
Yeah, 100 million market cap. I mean, I wouldn't even fuck with it. But if anything, I would say up in here would be a good area. Because really, I mean, theoretically, as soon as you broke this low, you would have been looking for a sell trigger anywhere in this fucking zone. And it's like, come on. Really? That's like a fucking 20% zone. So, you know. But I mean, you got it.
If you look as soon as you, because you traded, you broke under that. I mean, a five-minute net didn't even have to switch bullish really to get back up in here. Yeah, the entry would have probably been something like this right here. You know, what would you target? Bags, are you in here? Are you asking me on? Okay, cool. Euro USD, let's see. You said you've been in since 1.0245.
Oh, yeah, you're eating. Yeah, I think that overall you reacted to this high or this low, moved back up into a premium of this impulse move and fair value gap. I mean, dude, if you're just swinging the shit, I mean, next area I see really like anything. These lows right here. It's like 1.017.
maybe here but it's pretty choppy you know you could see really i would just be watching for an impulsive move during a kill zone like during 7 to 9 a.m eastern or during i know you won't be watching probably but during like 2 a.m to 4 a.m if you see like an impulsive move off any of these lows um i would be probably exiting but i think that all this is could be targeted i mean i'd be trimming already for sure because you know you could even reverse here theoretically because
There's a lot of lows here that you're sweeping. You just swept today's lows. So, you know, I would just take some profits, let it ride. Am I aware GMT had a massive pump? I'm not. I don't know, I'm too crazy. I haven't watched this for a while. I'd watch it potentially for shorts. I mean, at those equal highs, and then this candle right here, that already had been tapped into. I could refine it probably. Honestly, that looks, I might even.
Look to short this shit. I don't know. I mean, really the internal low structure was never even altered because internal low for me, I'd be paying attention to be all the way down here. I think it needs more time, but you could have some potential shorts because the scalp shorts really already hit. You know, you got that short terminal break on the low timeframes up in here. And I love this pattern, right? We have the liquidity raid.
The first one, the liquidation, and then you look for the breakup structure with displacement and enter on the fair value gap. This is like a little more aggressive and you just look to target the next area of liquidity that your risk tolerance allows. So that trade already played out. So if I'm looking for like a structural overall reversal, I still want to see potentially another high made.
and get that liquidation, and then have that new short-term low to look to be broken. Because as of right now, I would be looking at...
i mean it's just it moved crazy because you know here we had a break a chair breakdown so then the initial change of character i'd be looking for is up there so i'd be looking at this low as of now but that's why we've went over this before i would like to see probably a new high just to give us something easier to go off of because if right as of right now we've got a massive range you know what i mean which you know it could play out this way but you know what we would like to see is
potentially a push above the high and then you know we have a very close low that we can then look to get our change of character and frame a trade around but um developing oh sorry i just i'm an idiot right after that i don't like you said not gmt it's cheap there's your uh there's your gmt um okay and you're welcome bags no problem it's 1 000 i forget oh shit it really did didn't it yeah this is what you were talking about
Yeah, I would look for these highs to get taken at some point right there. So equal highs, and then you've got an imbalance right above. But you could definitely see some retracement first. Overall, though, I think that'll get breached. A lot of the alts look better than Bitcoin, I will say that. I tweeted actually that I think that money was cycling out of alt into Bitcoins.
Or fuck, I'm sorry, I was reading something out of Bitcoin into alts. I said Bitcoins, like a boomer, plural. But yeah, I mean, I like those equal highs, imbalance right above. You could consider that a draw, I would. Now, we obviously couldn't retrace this entire impulse move first, and we probably will.
I mean, I would really look at it like that. I'm looking at a four hour to get a clearer view. And you could even move it up. Look at that right there. All into Bitcoins. Yeah, you guys heard that. Also, somebody said where to get the Discord link. It's in the bio. And then use my code. You get a discount. It's just CASPER, all caps. But the link is in the bio. It says trade with me. Yeah, the imbalance indicator, it's called FVG by Inc.
there's also one frizz from our group made one as well they're both dope looking at a four hour though here i like this zone i'm actually going to set an alert for this because i she moves crazy when it starts going like this um
So what I'm going to look for is just that long, or I'm sorry, I was reading as I was typing. I'm going to look for that confirmation entry on a potential long. I'm not going to force anything. I just like that little gap that's sitting at equilibrium. Also, we know from a supply and demand standpoint, anytime you have these little sell to buy WICs, oftentimes, we'll see, oftentimes there's going to be lower timeframe demand, and we have it right there, order block. So I like that zone.
I will watch any kind of price action under this low in this imbalance. And if we can get, you know, a break of structure displacement, I'll look to take longs up to the highs. Thank you for showing me this because I actually like this. Yeah, yeah, but Cheddar, I don't know if this was before. I think I just saw it. Yeah, the imbalance indicator. It's a fair value gap by ink right there. Oh, yeah, I did want to go over this.
So I'm going to make an infographic on this as soon as I grab some food after we're done here, but I'll go over with you guys live too. So here, let's just rewind. We'll do the first buying opportunity.
When I'm looking for an imbalance trade, I'm specifically looking for two things. I'm looking for a higher time frame low to be swept now. That higher time frame just needs to be higher than the time frame that I am on. It does not have to be the daily or the four hour. A lot of people get a one track mind on what a higher time frame is.
And I get it. You know, maybe your trading style, you use multiple time frame analysis and you have your higher time frame. But in this example, I'm just talking about a higher time frame than the one we're on. So let's go back here. There had been a low taken out right there.
We look at the four hour, nice wick above it. Now, preferably with the raid, I want to see a candle not close below that, but it's not always mandatory for me. Now, if we just take this low, obviously the 15 minute closed under it, I'm looking at, you know, where's the little, the next draw on liquidity. This is the second step of this. I'm looking for an imbalance. So, you know, if I'm in the one minute, my 15 minute is a good enough higher timeframe for me.
We got an imbalance here that we obviously see price expanded from very rapidly.
I think for a Wyckoff perspective, this would probably be like the last, the LPS. I could be wrong. I could totally be wrong. So don't call me on that. But we see it was the last little area that price consolidated, reaccumulated in the lower timeframes before expansion. After doing what? Look at the last time what we did. We swept a low into an imbalance. And that's just bullish institutional order flow is liquidating all those traders in order to accumulate and absorb their positions. So same thing, looking for the same thing over here.
We posted about this before it happened to just a case study because for me, I don't really like trading on Sundays. I can't trade on Sundays because I'm on MT4. The broker I use doesn't have crypto on Sundays, but I still wanted to watch it because I was on my computer. So once price comes under the low, right, we want to wait for price to come into the imbalance and give a break of structure to the upside with displacement. Now, I wasn't watching it this moment right here, but I could see how.
You could have maybe gotten stop-hunted here, but this also will go with the three-drive theory, right? You need three drives to every accumulation. Now, I will say that doesn't always occur on the time frame you're looking at, but oftentimes if you go to a lower time frame, it probably did occur.
So in this example, I looked at price as it moved a little more impulsively off of those lows. So once we clear out this low, we got our little liquidation and price moved pretty impulsively away from that zone. So we got that break of a short-term high with a huge fair value gap. So really anywhere in that fair value gap is a buying opportunity. Now, could you target much higher? Yeah, you could.
but for me if i'm using a low time frame i'm just going to look to target the buy side liquidity on this low time frame so you know why did i mark this as the buy side liquidity well in this little range we're in not the one i've drawn here
This was where we moved impulsively away from. So I know that anyone who's shorting is most likely, if they're on a lower time frame or algorithms, people are using, not institutions, but just trading algos, they're shorting and they're putting a stop loss right there. Not here, but right there. So if I was looking to scalp this range and trade like that, I would look to just take it to those highs. Now, obviously, this risk to reward wasn't the greatest in this scenario.
But this formula can be used whenever the risk reward is great enough. So a lot of people, they think they missed out when they missed that first area. The first trade would look something like this. Trade out the fair value gap. Now you could, if you'd like, you can just use the low of that candle. I don't recommend it with Bitcoin personally, or just the low that we moved impulsively away from.
And this is what I meant when I said the risk toward wasn't really there for me, but I still wanted to use it as a case study because the formula. Now, let's just say if this price action was the same, but maybe it was a bigger impulse move. Nothing changes except the fact that the risk to reward was good enough to take a trade. So the concept still remains the same.
So now, along with the second opportunity, now, here is where people think, okay, I missed the trade, you know, it's moving without me, yada, yada. But whenever you have developed a narrative, whether that narrative is on a one minute or a one day, you look at any kind of move back down as a buying opportunity. For instance, in this example, our narrative was that price has deviated and removed the sell side, and now it's going for the buy side. Also, we have the...
higher time frame low swept so there's been a liquidation the higher time frames and we've potentially rebalanced a higher time frame fair value got so if we see a down move we just look like that as a buying opportunity now which ones are buying opportunities i mean i guess theoretically i just marked this any time that you have these highs getting taken this high even this high any any kind of high that we moved away from
With a fair value gap, those are buying opportunities. You could have bought, you know, after we broke this candle, you'd have waited for a close here. You could have bought at the top of it, right? You could have also bought, okay, you missed that one, price broke up. You could have bought right here.
So you see price move pretty slowly, but it ended up coming up eventually at some point and taking out that buy side. Now, obviously it wouldn't have been the most fun trade or most explosive trade, but the narrative was fulfilled, right?
Now, this one would have been a better trade, even though it wasn't the first one. Now, it doesn't happen like that every time, but it just goes to show that just because you missed that initial bottom doesn't necessarily mean you missed the move. Once you understand how price is actually moving and what order flow is in place, then you don't look at these little down moves as reversals until you've met your liquidity objective. You look at them as potential buying opportunities or
If this chart was flipped, you'd look at it as a selling opportunity. So I hope that made sense. I'm going to make an infographic on it today. I'll probably drop it either later today, maybe even tomorrow. We'll see. It just depends on how long it takes me. And also, I guess, more stuff to do today. But as always, I appreciate you guys. What did you say? That's just happened with me with Magic? I'm not sure exactly. You mean you changed your narrative?
What exactly are you referring to? Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, that'll be the death lead. But now look, also with this, you could have held this way longer. Now, if you're looking at the higher time frame and you were looking at it, you could look at the 15 minute. You would look just like where we just had it. You'd look to a retracement of a price delivery rate at a or close to a premium. You could have taken a little longer here. Could have targeted this imbalance.
Now, if you're looking at a four-hour and you're using this to confirm a four-hour, you would have looked for price to come up and take the high because there was no other liquidity target. There was no imbalance. There's nothing else on a four-hour chart, which there wasn't other timeframes, but nothing on this four-hour chart where you could have seen a reversal. You would have just looked for the high. We know that that ended up happening, and you see how as soon as we hit those liquidity targets, we move violently away from them.
And that is kind of confirming that higher time frame that the sellers are stepping in place because we're moving above an old high. We're breaching a higher time frame liquidity target and moving impulsively away from it. And now we're creating not on the four hour, but on the one hour, we're starting to create imbalances in the opposite direction. All right. So this is where now our area of liquidity we're targeting is somewhere in there. Once we go up in there, if we get a confirmation.
We're looking for new lows. And price is just going to continue to bounce between areas of liquidity. Notice that anytime we have these massive moves like this, and then they get immediately erased, that's just a great example of a liquidity hunt. For instance, right here, if we push down into these lows, massive push to the upside.
All right. So that was, you know, smart money hunting out sell stops and looking to get long. So in these areas, that would look more like a liquidity rate to the upside. But, you know, we just wait. Now we've established about us. We wait until we're in our potential reversal zone, sorry, imbalance. And we look for the low timeframes to do this exact thing.
And then you just keep it pushing. You just keep moving. And then watching it, you know, I guess you could say day by day, candle by candle, whatever time frame you're on. Overall, I would look for Bitcoin to come back up into this area, though. Looks like it's starting to want to make that move. What are indices doing? Okay, yeah. So this is what I was saying earlier at the beginning of the stream that I was looking for indices to do. They look like they want to push to the upside here.
We'll see, though. It's a pretty boring day. It's also New York lunch is coming up. So we'll see how everything moves. Yeah.
I also said, what time do I use for liquidity hunt confirmation? If I'm looking at like a 15 minute liquidity time or liquidity hunt, I'd look for like a one minute to confirm it. If I'm looking at a one hour, I use like a five minute. If I'm using a four hour, I want to see a 15 minute. And then inside that 15 minute imbalance that we've created or supply zone, I want to use the one minute or five minute.
What time frame do I wait for to take a bet? I'm assuming you're asking what time frame do I execute on? Oftentimes it's the one or the five minute. But yeah, as always, I appreciate you guys. I will holler at you later. Peace.
