Yo, what's up? Chillin, chillin. Swaying. Hell yeah. I think this is going to be an interesting week. Yeah, I think we go maybe tomorrow and then we start shitting up. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Like dumping. Yeah. Hey, there's a new company that came out. It's called Rumble. They just IPO'd on the stock market. They're YouTube with no sensory.
Or what? It's a YouTube with no censoring? Yeah. Oh, shit. Who's behind it? Honestly, I don't know, but I've been seeing huge channels joining their platform. Yeah, I mean, if they're going public, and usually it's like if you haven't heard of them and then they go public or something, it's like it ain't just no random Joe Schmoes behind it. Mm-hmm.
And then what the guy said is like with all the money they're making off of the IPO, they're going to be paying for influencers. Reason why I'm saying is I don't know if you want to jump on there and start. No, that's what I'm thinking. Uploading your videos because it's relatively new. So you could get that. I'm literally on right now looking it up. Yeah, no. Yeah, that's because that's like a huge opportunity. And even if it's like I just give me the first one with trades on there because I don't see anybody trading just yet.
You'd be one of the first people on blogging shit there. That's actually really good. I appreciate you letting me know that because I had no fucking idea. Should increase your audience by a few. Yeah, because right now I stream to YouTube, but I also stream to Twitch and Twitter, and it's crazy. I get more viewers on Twitter than anything, which is crazy to me because I would never watch on Twitter over YouTube, but I think people just don't know that I'm on YouTube or something. I mean, I post it, but...
I don't know. I was looking at this dot setup.
I'm not going to overexpose myself to longs, but I did just want to start off by going over this for those who are kind of curious at how one would play a liquidity rave. And I know in the chat I was talking about a strategy to a couple people because everybody wanted more alt trades. And so I'm trying to find something that I can do in the background, give you guys some trades on stuff other than Bitcoin and Ethereum and indices.
what i'm mainly focusing on is daily liquidity rates and they don't happen that often four hour is cool too but daily is going to be the best so in this example we got sell side liquidity under this low so we're looking at this little bit of price action here it's pretty easy to tell you know where are the two parts that price moves very aggressively from right because that's where your sell side liquidity is going to be and your backside liquidity just any liquidity so
And so I asked if I can see we'll go over can see in a little while just remind me if I don't it'll be a little bit because I do have a couple things I want to go over
So in this example, we have our most recent impulse swing, and that's obviously to the downside. So we're looking at this as a possible run on stops, right? Meaning that if market makers were short, they needed a place to offload those shorts, right? So they have to buy them, right? Because they have to buy back to cover their shorts, and who are they going to buy it from?
it's going to be retail traders under this low because anybody who got long looking to swing dot maybe they bought dot here and you know looked at this as the bottom and we're going on a bull run or for whatever reason you know they just looked at this as a pretty strong level of support so they're going to have stop losses there so once those sell stops are taken
Retail traders not only are going to be getting stopped out of their long positions, which is equivalent to selling, but we're also going to see breakout traders induced into selling short because they're looking at it as a breakdown.
So there's a lot of selling interest. So market makers most of the time are going to buy up that liquidity, whether it is to cover their shorts or they're looking to go long to come up and mitigate old orders that got left behind. So we look at the impulse move that happened that caused this run on stops. We see a pretty sharp move away from here, and there's going to be buy side liquidity above this high.
And then we have an imbalance, and this is important. So the unmitigated imbalance, it assists us in having a bullish daily bias.
So I get a lot of questions on daily bias, and I think it's one of those things that it's really hard to learn for whatever reason. And I know it was for me too, and I understand it, but it's really simple. And I don't mean to sound like a jerk and say it's simple, you should understand it. I'm saying I agree that it's difficult, but once you get it, it's going to help you insanely with your trading. With your accuracy, it'll help you not take trades, and it'll help you...
develop a true relationship with a narrative that you have. And you're not going to just jump around and get scared off of some volatile price action. So in this scenario, we have the daily run on stops. We've got a POI or price delivery array, whatever you're going to call it. We have a point of interest and a premium of the impulse swing. So we know if smart money is looking to sell, it's going to be above this equilibrium.
So we're starting to develop the framework for a potential bullish bias. Now, how can you accentuate this and build upon that? Well, you can scale into the lower timeframes, which I have over here. This is the 15-minute perspective under this low. And you're just going to look for a shift in market structure with displacement. Now, the displacement is very important. Now, notice how I'll go to the 15-minute so we can get an even clearer look.
So when I was showing on, there we go. So when we're looking at dot here, notice how I drew the line over to this candle.
I didn't draw it right here because we did pip the high and that theoretically would be a change of character if you're looking at it from an internal structure perspective. But if we're looking at trying to find a footprint, if you will, and trying to find a basis to build upon that smart money is indeed buying up these sell stops, we're going to need displacement because we know whenever institutions are involved or a larger force, whether it's an institution or maybe it's...
some dot whale. I don't know. But whatever forces we're anticipating buying up these stops, we need to see displacement to confirm that. Now, this isn't the ultimate displacement here. And I'm not looking to go long here because we already caught longs on ETH and I'm not really fishing for a trade.
But you could layer this confirmation like as price comes into this if we don't get a reaction the lower timeframes You might go lower, but what you can do is you can just watch for setups like this
to build your bullish bias. Now, if we come up and make another higher high, it's even more confirmation because as with anything, nothing is going to confirm anything 100%, but you can layer through the timeframes and go from daily to five minute to one minute or however you do it and try to confirm with market structure and displacement that smart money is indeed buying this up.
So you can look to build longs around ideas like that, and you don't have to necessarily take it all the way up here. I mean, you could if you wanted to try and extend it that far. I would encourage you to trim along the way. But this is really it. I mean, that's what we just went over. If you can get that down, you can make a lot of money if you're just true to that and you don't force things.
just just try it out because i promise you on alts right now especially i'm noticing that the better setups are found only on the higher time frame charts and you need to make sure they're in agreement with bitcoin ethereum and indices but i think that this is the style that i'm liking more and more to trade alts um we'll see i'm not in longs i don't just saying that because we're on youtube you can ask anybody's on the server i didn't signal this because we already took an eth long this morning
um based off of the ta that i've been posted on twitter and stuff and um we got in pretty nice pretty good entry this morning so i'm not looking to you know over collateralize my port with logs and crypto just because uh with crypto it's um one thing about it that it's unfortunate is you know if let's say if you're pretty long heavy and the market goes the wrong way um you know you're gonna get
most of your stuff's going to get stopped out. So I like this setup though. If you guys, you know, go do your TA, drop it on Twitter. Or if you're in the channel, just do some TA on it and at me and, you know, go over it. But I like the setup. I will say that. I'm not telling you to buy me. It looks like it's reacting pretty nicely.
So now I got that done. I want to start off with the bias for index futures moving into this week. Very similar as that dot setup, and that's why I wanted to start with that. So if we look, we have an impulse move, taking out sell stops, unmitigated imbalance, and a premium. Also, we have internal liquidity above these highs. Be clear on maybe a one hour.
A lot of liquidity built up right here. A lot of people that didn't get in on CPI or maybe they got in down here, their stop losses are going to be right there. If you're looking at this from a retail perspective, you're going to look at this as a sell wall. So that being said, that is the early week bias. I think we trade up into this region. Now, my overall bias on a weekly chart.
I think that we will close this week bearish. Whenever we're talking about the candle structure for, well, any timeframe, but specifically the weekly timeframe, if we are looking for a weekly bearish close, what you can do is you can take the price. I'm going to delete a lot of this old TA. It's too much. What you can do is you can take the price at the open. Where is it?
I was way too far back. Sorry. There we go. You can take the price at the open. What we're going to look for, if we're anticipating a bearish week, is an initial push to the upside.
And the reason for that is whenever we look at things from a smart money perspective or the perspective of a market maker, oftentimes the first move is not the true move. And the reason for that is it's just simple manipulation. Don't overcomplicate it. It's just I think everybody knows the whole idea behind smart money concepts is smart money trying to.
impose a false perception among the masses so they can benefit off of it. So if you're looking at a weekly candle that you're anticipating to close bearish, you would look for it to start out bullish. And the reason for that is it's gonna manipulate and induce a false narrative into the retail market and it's gonna engineer a lot of liquidity. So when you look at things from the perspective of market maker,
You're asking yourself, well, if this is a week, if we're looking to push price down this week, because another thing that I'm leaving out is we have a very, very high, the highest impact news driver coming on Wednesday with the interest rate decision. So, you know, some people are saying it's priced in. Some people are saying it's going to be 100 BPS. Some people are saying 75. Some people think it's going to be bullish. And I highly encourage that you don't anticipate anything except volatility.
But we're following overall bearish order flow here. Whenever I'm looking at this, I see a potential of a lot of orders in here because that was that CPI dump. We came up, mitigated the order block, and rushed away from it. We expanded very, very, very quickly and in an inefficient manner in which only one side of liquidity was offered, and that's the sell side.
So if that bias is correct, we most likely have a very high magnitude of sell orders still remaining within this candle that we're not able to be filled. Well, guess what's engineered right here? Buyers above this level. There's going to be people looking to buy, people that aren't informed. And this is what I'm anticipating as we move back up into this imbalance.
and then resume the bearish week. Now, I think it's 70% of the time. I'm throwing out an odd figure. I'm not saying I've done the data. It's exactly 70.0%, but 70% of the time, the high of the week on indices and most assets or the low of the week is going to be put in on Tuesday or Wednesday.
FOMC is Wednesday. If we're looking for a bearish week, if you look at almost all these candles, not all, like we have this one, but most of these candles have a wick. Well, that wick means that we opened, right? Because if this was the open right here and we moved up, then down, that's what's going to be those first couple of days. So for instance, we'll just look at last week.
Market opened, false narrative up into high impact news, which was CPI, into a higher timeframe point of interest and a premium, and then reacted heavily. That's my view on indices. I think it's going to be a buys to sell scenario. If I had to say exactly where in here, I would pay a lot of mine to this gap right here.
Also right around equilibrium on the four hour. There's a nice four or fair value gap right here. I don't really use volume profile, but I would almost guarantee there's probably going to be an efficient volume action here. But that's just the way I see it.
I'll trade off that bias. I didn't catch anything on indices this morning. The entry on indices was off of this fair value gap right here. It was pretty early or you played maybe something in here. I personally was not active in it. I don't really like to rush Mondays just for the reason that
When we're looking at price action from the perspective that the early bit of the week is manipulation, oftentimes the best setups of the week aren't going to be on Mondays. Now, obviously, you're going to make great money today, but the point of what I'm saying is I don't really force things that I don't usually trade. So for me, there was no liquidity rate after equity opened. This was the open right here. We just moved up. Now, a secondary strategy one could play is
playing this fair value gap right here. When price came back in, target buy side liquidity. I don't think it took it on ES. The NASDAQ took it. You've also got this gap right above that. NASDAQ was a little cleaner. I actually took a little paper trade. I didn't take this trade, but NASDAQ took the buy side.
Actually a pretty clean setup that I've been testing. Again, I didn't take this. I don't want to give the false perception that I took that. It's just a paper trade. So the reason I put my stop loss like this is something I'm testing is once we come above a 15 minute level, because we're above it over here, if you get another subsequent raid on the lower timeframe or whatever your execution timeframe is. So for me, if I'm on a 15 minute raid, I'm going to be on the one minute to execute.
Now, it would be different if I was looking at a four hour or a daily rate. I'd be using different timeframes. But in this example, we see the rate and then a massive push down. So this right here is a breaker block. It's the last little order block or last demand candle before I push out. Now, some would say this is the breaker block. This is what I drew. Just look at the last extreme before we come up and take the stops and expand down. So something, again, I'm still testing.
I'm not really looking to trade off of it on my funded account just yet, just because I don't have as much data as I would like. But whenever you have this kind of setup, you would put the stop loss right above the breaker.
Usually, if I'm trading, I would put a stop loss above the RAID. But like I said, let's just say you come up and here is the RAID right here. You don't get that displace and break a structure. Then you get a RAID and a massive move down. Just I would mark it on the break of this low, stop loss above it. You could also put a limit on it because if you see after we broke below it, actually, I don't think it came right to it. It didn't.
but that's that's a strategy I'm building I'll share the results with you guys as it develops but that's where I'm at now and the reason I targeted
That level is just the next area of sell side liquidity on my execution timeframe. Also, another reason why I wasn't really wanting to take this is because it's counter my daily bias. And this is a good example of just because you're bullish doesn't mean there's never going to be a sell. But if I took it, I would have taken half of my normal risk and been very aggressive with my targeting. Now, this is a good risk to reward if you use this breaker. Now, if you do what I do when I actually trade, which I usually just...
used to stop, not that great, especially when it's counter bias and you're risking half at that point. I think it's better just to pay per trade. That's why I did that. Looks like it would have went a little lower, maybe on this level, into this imbalance that was created in the morning. But that's kind of just where I'm at as far as that strategy. I'm not where I want to trade it with live funds just yet. So we'll also recap this ETH trade we took this morning.
So by the time that I got on front of a chart, it was actually a little bit later than I would have liked. This is the same thing with that dot entry that we were talking about. I'd have looked right here. We broke above the high. Take a fib like that. This is why I used the opening and not a full fill of a fair value gap. The entry would have been on the first imbalance and a discount of the impulse swing that caused the shift.
One could have put their stop loss here, but crypto is pretty sloppy, in my opinion, most of the time. And I'd rather put my stop loss down here. Like, for instance, we got stopped at on the atom long last night.
I'm not, I put my stop loss up high. It was the original stop loss was I think right here, but I moved it up as we were in the trade to limit risk. It was a lotto. We only risked half of half R. They moved it up to where only 0.25 was at risk. But if you look, let's just say, you know, we had good enough risk reward to use this to stop you and never got stopped out. Now, if I was trading indices, I wouldn't, you have to go that far. But I've noticed that cryptos.
fairly sloppy in its nature as far as trying to um be aggressive with a tighter stop i think it works very well sometimes and you get a very good return but in my experience um it results in unnecessary losses that's just for me so if you're sitting there like oh i do it and it works fine then keep doing it i'm just sharing my experience
So he said, can I tell you more about my journey as a trader, my development, or your development? Were you disciplined off the rip leading to being funded now? Where do you see yourself going in the next few years trading-wise? No, I definitely wasn't disciplined when I started. I was a fucking DJ. I started...
trading yeah no yeah i was i was not so don't feel bad if if you weren't i don't think many are any of us yeah i don't think anyone was but you gotta you know you get to that point where you take a fat ass loss like for me i was up very nicely off of the bull run with my equity and then i started getting into futures more and more and yeah exactly lost about
i think it was like 23k 23k something in like a week and i was like wow that fucking sucks and then but that but that extent that was what flipped the switch where i was like okay everybody else is going hard at this and you just fucked up like an idiot but you know you know there's an opportunity here so you know don't give up i i we had you know the bull run was we we had done very nicely so it wasn't as if i was
you know, like down and out, but it did hurt. It was just the principle of matter. So that was what really kind of like flipped the switch and made me want to focus and get disciplined and learn how to do it the right way, manage risk the right way. And even then to now, like there's a lot of times where I broke that, you know, like I'll just say my biggest advice that I can give.
is the sooner it's all a psychological game like all the analysis is the easy part you know we can we always talk about analysis everybody wants to post charts but i promise you i promise you that the psychology is the most important part and what it's really going to take is having realistic expectations and managing your risk to a t so for instance there's people in the server this is like a week ago that said um when i
I was like, how much are you risking? And they were like 3% to 5%. And I said, well, yeah, you're never going to make it. And they're like, well, my port's not big enough. I have to do that. That right there, that is the mentality that destroys people. That's the mentality that makes smart money concepts work so good. And that's the common mentality. And I'm not saying that to be rude, but it's reasonable. I get it, like 100%.
I 100% get that if somebody has a $1,000 port, I tell them like, okay, risk 1%. They're going to say 10 bucks. So I'm going to make 30 bucks off a good trade. Fuck that. Well, let's see where they go. Because I promise you with that mentality, they're going to lose. They're going to lose more than probably their whole $1,000 at some point. Or they'll get to a point where they start throwing more money into their port. And then it's an abyss and they come back a year later and have no idea how much money they've made or lost.
The sooner you understand that you have to keep your risk, it has to be the same. You have to risk the same amount on every single trade. You have to treat every trade like its own and not worry about the last. Like for instance, this morning with ETH, I woke up to getting stopped at on Adam and on ETH, I was sitting there when it was literally like right here and I was hesitating a little bit. I was actually talking to May and I was like, damn, like I don't even like trust this setup, but I'm going to take it anyways because I have to.
Right. So that's that is going to be the biggest thing whenever once you learn the analysis, you know, learning to predefine your risk, execute every single time your model is there.
And not think about it and not have FOMO about maybe leaving money on the table so you take off your TP. Or maybe you don't want to take the loss so you move your stop loss. All of these little things, all of it starts with psychology. It's going to be your expectations and your fears.
Be responsible. It's not like some old man telling you to wear a helmet when you're at a skateboard. This is how you make money doing this. If you don't do it, you won't make money. If you do make money, you're going to lose it. I promise. My biggest advice would be get your psychology down and really have realistic expectations. The sooner you're able to trade from that perspective, it becomes more fun.
You're going to learn more when you're having fun. If you're like stressed out and always like tripping and pressed and complaining and blaming things, you're just going to be a loser forever at trading. I don't mean to say that to be rude. It's just the truth.
And then you said, where do I see myself going the next few years? Honestly, I mean, just as hard as I can go, but my goal is to be $1 million funded. That's my next goal. So I guess that would be, but I hope that happens more like the next few months, not the next few years.
So that's a hard one to answer. But I appreciate it. It's a good question because I'm sure a lot of people can benefit off of, you know, I think so many people try to push their abilities as a technical analyst, but nobody ever talks about trading psychology. It's also why you see nobody ever actually trading half the time. Half the people that are posting stuff, they're trading demo accounts. And then they have this analysis and they're getting ADR and then they get a real account.
And they can't do shit because their psychology is off. And I'm not saying there's anything wrong with starting on a demo. But, you know, how's DXY doing? And somebody else, you said, thank you, man. I've lost it all at the start and started treating it as a skill, not a get rich quick scheme. It's benefited me in so many ways. Hard to see when you lack the knowledge at the start, though. Yeah, no, 100%. I think everybody gets fucked really bad at the beginning. That's pretty normal.
In my opinion, maybe I'm just speaking from my experience and the experience of people I know, but I think the statistics agree. Is it very interesting? Found you on Twitter. Thanks for the content. Yeah, I appreciate you coming through. So for DXY, I think we're going to draw back down into this imbalance at a minimum.
And to be honest, we could come take these lows. That would be pretty extreme, but it could happen. So I think DXY, for me, for the daily bias, is bearish. I'm looking at the weekly chart. It's starting to consolidate above this old high.
If I look at this right here, I see a weekly fair value gap down here with lows under it. So I think we could see that flush down. That would be pretty extreme. I think markets would get a nice pump from that. But see how the bias for the dollar, the bias, for those who don't know, this is the chart for the US dollar strength index. So if we think this is bearish, that would mean that
assets denominated by the dollar such as bitcoin usd or any forex pairs ending with usd or the you know stock market if this is bearish that would support a bullish narrative for assets so it's important i think to at least you don't have to do a crazy amount of ta on dxy i think the daily and the weekly is really about all you need um you can go lower people use a lot lower but
That's my bias for the week because I think it's going to be a buy into sell week. Now, the only thing that would change that because I don't change my bias, but I will tell you right now, which I don't think this is going to happen. This is a total outlier, but you have to be ready for anything. For whatever reason, the Fed starts speaking bullish.
on wednesday which you know at the end of the day when you look back in 2008 and it's all just manipulation like for instance you know nobody says anything about it j pow says one month before
When the stock market started rallying, whenever all of the contracts had been delivered at the beginning of July, I think it was mid-July, he says, oh, we're not looking at this as a recession. We're all good, right? Market flies. He comes back less than a month later and says, we have no control of inflation. We expect much more pain.
It's just manipulation. It's bullshit to push price to the interests of the elite. And I don't mean to sound like fucking Alex Jones or something, because I know it sounds kind of conspiracy theorist, but it's true. It's what they did in 2008. In 2008, up until the final bell, they said, we're okay. Everything's okay. Go back and look at all the FNCs from then.
Nobody was warning anybody. Why? Because the elite need exit liquidity. Because they're not in the business of losing money. That's why the only people that's going to end up hurting are going to be the people who are the working class and the people who are uninformed of this. And even the people who are informed but can't control things, they're going to get hurt too. Business owners, everything. But best believe that they're going to use everything in their power to manipulate the masses. So even if we all know...
that the state of the world economy is very, very bad. And we have much, much worse to come, in my opinion. Even if the Fed starts speaking bullish, the markets are going to move. So that would be the only thing that would change that bias. On Wednesday, I think leading up into Wednesday, you need to be picky with your trades. Don't be very greedy and don't...
Force things that aren't agreeing with your bias. And on Wednesday itself, wait until after the FOMC, in my opinion, to trade. And see what's rated first, like what is manipulated. It's going to give a clear direction. And also, I appreciate you too, Forex. Let me look in a second. Okay, what was the coin? Oh yeah, KNC.
Okay, so we'll do KNC. Pretty sure this is a Ponzi. I'm not pretty sure I'm pretty positive. This is ridiculous how many lows are down here.
I'm just going to because I'm not going to be getting trades on it. So I'm just going to go to what's the longest chart? Okay, here we go. I got taken, didn't it? So on the monthly chart, monthly chart doesn't look that bad, to be quite honest with you. I see this run right there. And then we've formed, you know, two candles, three candles consecutive with higher highs. So on the monthly chart, we don't it doesn't look terrible, I will say. That's not to say it won't go lower.
So let's go to the weekly. This weekly close shows that it was drawing towards something to the downside. I'm anticipating it's going to be that low. Now, if not, I would look for these equal lows right there. And then you also have your major sell-side liquidity down here.
And there's going to be liquidity under this low too. But at that point, I would be looking for this. Is that going to be equal as well? What's this level? 107.43. Oh, yeah. Wait, no, I took that. Okay, sorry, never mind. I was reading wrong. Okay, so the weekly, we took out a low. Are these equal right here? No, it's not. The weekly chart tells me it's drawing down towards something. I mean, we did just take out sell stops.
On a daily chart, I'm just looking at this because I can tell you right now on a daily chart, it's going to be sell-side liquidity. Now, we don't really have any kind of imbalance formed. We could look at this as an order block, potentially. I mean, it's not the prettiest. We did kind of break some structure, so we could keep that in mind. Let me go back. So now on a daily chart, is that weekly going into anything? I guess you look at this as an order block.
I guess, I mean, it's not really the prettiest chart, but there's not really, I don't see an imbalance that we were pushing into the daily chart. I really don't see anything either. It seems like this high, we tick that high. So now I put in new buy stops. So I would say at this point, I would just look for a reversion to a premium or equilibrium of this, if we start to reverse here.
So what I see right there, and this is the beginning of that order block, I would look at all of this as a breaker block right there. So that being said, I've taken out the sell side. I'm not sure, I haven't looked at the low timeframes, but if we show desire to go higher, which I think it probably will if crypto does what I think it's going to, then around this area,
If we take out this low, we're looking at this in this sense. So we have a range. When we come down here and we put in, let's do this over here.
You can do it in a four hour to be able to. Life rocketing, by the way. It is. Yeah, I figured it would. Yeah, I was going to go into a voice chat and tell them to be careful because Spy was going to do the same thing it did the other day where it induced shorts and people got clapped. Did they short it? I don't know. They did last week and it was just terrible. There was people like JL got stopped out for like 2% of the account.
oh that's it was just yeah it just wasn't like oh i remember i remember that i was shorting that shit i saw i went to start to post it and i remember people were like um people were talking about other shit i was like i'm gonna wait to post this because i feel like because it was like right after someone's like holy fuck i just got wrecked and i was like damn yeah but i had taken the long at the at the beginning of the day and then there's a little jingle
Don't trade at lunch. Your portfolio will take a punch. Is that a thing? That's a good one. It is. Don't do it. What's up, Hunter? What up, guys? What's up, Hood, too? I just saw you guys right here. So this example, like I look at this, this was the range at the most. I just try to look, where's the two points that the price moved impulsively away from? Now, this is a tricky one, but I look at it like, okay, we moved it very impulsively here.
Right. And then right here, this is not the prettiest chart. Now, obviously, I'm talking about before this. You press are probably saying, what the hell are you talking about? This is most impulsive. But I look at this as liquidity generation. So here we have sell stops generated and here we have buy stops. So anybody looking to short, their stops are here. Right. Guess what's above that? That daily buy side liquidity right here.
So we form this range. We come back. Now I push back up and manipulate all the people out of their shorts and manipulate bulls into longs here. So then after that, then you would look for the sell side because it's with the overall bearish order flow we have here.
Very nice range deviation setup, but after we take one side of liquidity, we went over this last time, we take one side, then we'll go for the sell side, then we'll rebalance, and then look at that, equal lows. So this is actually a nice narrative that I see coming together. So the way I look at it is market makers push down price here.
to induce selling so they could buy up all that liquidity to push back price above this high, induce the breakout traders, and then price move very inefficiently here, and they didn't have time to close these orders. So they have longs here in this range. I'll just visualize it. They don't have a stop loss, right? They're not going to get liquidated. So they have these longs just to push price up to induce buying. So their true positions, they're going to get in short all the way down here, right? I shouldn't say more like that.
So guess what happened? Well, this order got filled, this order got filled, this one, but maybe there's this one and this one and then some more above equilibrium here. And then also they have these orders here that need to be mitigated. So when you have that scenario, looking at it as rebalancing of price, they're going to rebalance their books to where they're not in the red because that, yes, they ate off these shorts right here. They covered them with these retail stops.
Now they're going to push price up and rebalance and resume the bearish order flow. So this is what I would look for. I'd look for lower timeframes to give me a bullish framework to go long up until this area. Once you get here, you look to build shorts. So let's just go to the 15 minute. I don't trade K&C, so don't quote me if I don't know how well these concepts work. I mean, they work on most things. So if we look here.
this is pretty up man i'm not gonna like look at these wicks you know you could look at it as a shift in structure i mean yes this wasn't a strong high that got taken but it was a high um so you could look at it like that you could have also looked at it down here this would have been a little aggro but you see price came back down into this imbalance and moved if i was looking to go long it sucks because anytime we have this that's going to be my stop i'm not going to put a stop above just especially with these coins
Because you have all this built up you could see maybe a move and come all the way up. I mean again, I don't really trade
You can't see, but this is the way I would look at it. So you came back down. Here's your impulse move. You came to a discount, filled the fair value gap, probably at some form of lower timeframe demand right there. So, I mean, I'm not going to tell you long it because I don't trade coins like this, but it looks decent. Now, you've got very clear equal highs right here. Actually, wait, hold on. They are equal. You've got buy side liquidity front running your zone.
So engineered buyers above here, so they can sell those longs that were just, you know, in that breaker block, but they need to mitigate. Price got distributed above the old highs, pushed down. So what we'd look for, again, is just the rebalancing of price. So we'd see something like come up into a premium, probably consolidation, give you a market structure shift, fair value gap entry. And then after that, to debts.
I would say probably to the range lows, but definitely the equal lows. That's actually, that's a pretty nice little narrative for KNC. It usually is like a total shit coin. BNB, we'll do BNB next.
And then what's up, Mr. Shadow? Somebody said, what timeframe do I look for a choach when looking for scalps and alts? Watch the first few videos of ICT's 2022 mentorship. He's using internal structure. Thought you want to be pro lower timeframe trend. Okay, so 90% of the time, if you're looking at like swing structure or internal structure, whenever you're playing a liquidity raid on a higher timeframe, you're going to be going against the trend.
So here's the way that I always put it to people. You have the two schools of smart money concepts. You've got like Photon and Phantom Logic, which is just basic supply and demand, simple market structure, pro-trend trading, which works. Then you have ICT. And ICT oftentimes is going to be getting you in. For instance, a Photon trader is going to look to short here.
on the daily timeframe. If they're just looking at the daily, they're just going to look at a supply trading or supply zone. But if you trade ICT, you got to the trade up here. Now I'm not saying this one's better. And oftentimes you can get a little bit better risk to reward with the photon method. This is actually, God, this is clean as fuck. It even gives gaps. Like this, it trades more like, like, cause if you have gaps like that, that's a clear entry. Stop us about that. But,
So you're gonna be trading against the lower time frame trend most of the time on You know I can ICT setup now not with the fit like if you're trying like the one minute like a lot of times like when I trade indices when I'm longing it's like Completely against the grain of the morning most of the time most people are not trying to long I mean people are but you know You're not gonna look at the lower time frame trend and be like this looks like a long You're gonna be like holy shit. It's just died
So, you know...
I would focus on one or the other. And to answer the question, I don't really look at it like a choach. I just look at a shift in market structure. So it doesn't have to be the strong high or it doesn't have to be the internal high. It can be any high that breaks with displacement. And we went over it. We've called trades live on stream where we didn't use a choach and got a much better entry. But the key is getting a feel for whatever you're trading.
really understanding what displacement is and not forcing you know quote displacement like you got to be real with yourself because anytime that i've up and like i forced a trade because i was like oh displacement break a structure like when i went back i'm like fam that was not displacement you just wanted to take it you know what i mean like displacement is like this this is displacement like for instance um let's just say
Something like this right here. Like, let's just say, you know, that's not displacement. This, that's displacement. Gapping, you know, literal gaps, which is kind of weird for crypto. But you're breaking down loads, breaking loads with displacement. You know, it's undeniable. It's not, you know, is this displacement? Like over here, you know, it's kind of questionable. This is displacement. Displacement of those, oh shit, pumps.
Right. Something somebody did that. It's not that's not going to happen from retail traders or just, you know, the masses coming in and, you know, taking a sorry, I had to mute you, bro. Taking a a long or, you know, Wall Street bet pump. I mean, I guess it does happen sometimes, but, you know, most of the time we're not looking at it like that. So, you know, that's that was the best way I would explain that.
Now, I said, would that high on KNC before the sweep be inducement? Yeah, I mean, inducement, I feel like it's a term that it's just used to explain. Like, I think it kind of has gotten thrown around as like a component of market structure. But really, it's just liquidity. It's just liquidity in front of your point of interest. That's inducement. Well, if you're saying this right here, I wouldn't say that's necessarily inducement. I think this is stop creation.
But I mean, that's what inducement is, really. You know what I mean? You're inducing people. I mean, everything is inducement in smart money concepts. If you think about it, people are induced to believe we're going up and we're going to, you know, all that stuff. It's just engineered liquidity. BNB, we'll go over that one. BNB is interesting. I actually like this setup.
It's kind of crazy. Like, I don't necessarily think we're going to go this high, but there is these badass equal highs just sitting at 337. Ape, I got you on Ape next. Now, I think there's gold in that Ape. But now, like, it's kind of odd because we have this massive range, right? And when we look over here, kind of more recent, we see bearish order flow so far.
So I'm not going to necessarily look for these highs to get taken. If we look at a weekly chart...
The only thing that's making me not like the highs is that there's no imbalance. For instance, if we had an imbalance anywhere here, I would be looking for the highs. So while they're there, I've got them potted out. Don't count on those highs getting ran. So the way that I see the order flow is price sold off here, imbalance here, order block. So came up, manipulation, consolidation, manipulation, up, took out the order block, and now resuming the down move. But I will say that
This does not look bad. So we have this imbalance. It wasn't all the way mitigated. Also in this order block, I'm sure in the four hour, it's going to be demand. We just dipped into it and we just ran these stops right here. So when I look at this, I'm seeing this from the perspective that we have a potential range deviation.
This is the range I see. This is where we move the most recent impulsive away from, right here, and then right here. So if we come under this, we've got buy-side liquidity here. Now, the only thing that I see is this small little imbalance. And don't sleep on those little imbalances because they're small. Because if you notice, it's never been tapped. We've got liquidity front-running it. So if I look over here, you can see I was actually plotting it out. This is the lower time frame, liquidity. Now, I think it was last night.
Now, we've definitely got our displacement breakage structure. This is a good example of that. Now, it didn't really give an entry, except the second one did. So if we look right here, closure, I would have played it. For instance, this is why this wouldn't be your internal structure. I guess you'd say this might, I don't know, actually. Depending on how you plot it, you could have said, you know, moved out. Well, hold on, actually. You said you took the low here, kind of formed another little internal high, low.
High, low. You could draw it like that. That was your break. And then here is your introduction of demand. You could do it like that for sure. But I would have looked, even if this wasn't the internal high, I would say, okay, we broke shifted structure. Look for a fair value gap entry there. Didn't get it. That's okay. So then you break up here and then you get this right here.
Now, I can't tell you that I would have necessarily taken that because look at that. Where's your stop going to be? I mean, some people take trades where they put like they would have put here and they would have put their stop like under. I mean, I guess it would be like this right here. If anything, it's kind of tough. That's a tough one. Or if you want to be aggro, you could put it right there. I just personally don't like doing that. I just I don't like I put my stops where there's not really I want to get in down here. You know, I just I enjoy.
You know, knowing that my stop is where I, where I am viewing to be a protected low, because for instance, my bias on this, and this is, this is a good way to put, I kind of put it this way. And I was like, that's how I should start explaining it. My, the way that I look at, you know, stop losses is this isn't a protected low. Like my bias, they can shit on this stop loss and my bias is still right. Right.
Happened with Adam last night. Great example. But that is the way I look at it. Your stop loss here. Now, if you go lower than this, your whole narrative is you're going to need 15-minute structure. You have to build up the framework again. It's just not there. But that first stop loss can get eaten alive, and you're still right. But that's kind of the risk you run whenever you take an M15, M15.
Whenever you look at this, okay, here's the first entry, missed it. Here's the second entry, caught that one. So the more you kind of chain that and you can trade, like let's just say if this.
or even really this, you see the more you train or trail that up there, the lower your probability is if you're looking at it from the perspective of premium discount or things of that nature. Now, again, it's a probability. It can still rip. It might just never come back here and go straight for fucking 333. I don't think it's going to do that, but it could go all the way up. You never know, right?
That that's just the way a cookie crumble sometimes somebody said is a good question So I said, how is it liquidity there when there's no double tops lows or trend on liquidity? So
True liquidity, right? True stops, not just retail perception of support or any of that, is going to be where we move the most impulsively away from. And this was something that was hard for me to grasp when I started learning smart money concepts. So for instance, right here, there was liquidity right there. Why? Because you notice we moved very violently away from that. There's going to be stops there. Notice how we reacted. There is liquidity here. There was liquidity right here. There's liquidity right there.
Right now, on different timeframes, there's going to be multitudes of areas of liquidity. We're not going to be able to catch every single liquidity raid, and it's easy to get kind of lost in the abyss of different...
time frames, but I would advise, like, the time frame that I pay the most attention to is definitely the daily for liquidity. So, for instance, like, there are sell stops here. And notice, price is just bouncing between area of liquidity to area of liquidity, right? Here, moved up. Now, this is where you get sometimes that inefficient action where, yeah, I wouldn't look at this as daily liquidity right there. But if we go to one hour, that was going to be one hour.
buy side liquidity why because we moved aggressively away from it right price moved up we left this daily imbalance over here so there's gonna be liquidity in that imbalance you see what i mean so once price it raids a high or low oftentimes or mitigates an imbalance like right here or right here at rated high then new stop losses are put in think of it like that every time we move impulsively there's new sets of buy stops or sell stops
And I hope that helps because when you get that, that's when you're going to really start being able to correctly play liquidity rates. Like for instance, when you play indices in the morning, it's very important you understand that. So for instance, here's a great, that paper trade, you see why I target? A lot of people would say, that's not liquidity. Well, I guess there was kind of equal lows. Some people would say,
And certain examples like this, and I used to have this problem, like I would just like, you know, I would drag this all the way down here, right? And then it happens. This is a really common thing on indices. That can happen all the time. For instance, over here, I got in this trade last week, targeted the lows, but I also understood, okay, when we're looking at the daily timeframe and that one hour timeframe and higher timeframes, there's a ton of liquidity down here. This is where the real liquidity is lying.
And I took this trade right here. The reason I targeted lower is because that's where the previous weekly low was. That's a high, high area of liquidity. Any previous daily or weekly or monthly highs or lows, you need to be aware of where that's at because there can be liquidity there.
No, this looks good, man. I kind of wish I would have taken a long off of This down here, you know, check a light coin man. I we're gonna trade that looks great, bro Yeah, we wanted it at 51 that fair value up on the five-minute everyone he was looking at the woman I was looking at a minute, but it never tapped it got right above it I don't know I could still come down But yeah, I want to do that credible. What is it? 51 68 ish that fair value? Yeah
Honestly, bro, I'm not even going to cap like, I mean, 51. Oh, yeah, no, that's right. I was looking at the numbers wrong over here. Yeah, no, like right this area right here. Yeah, well, 51. Yeah, just have the distal right there. Just jump in. Yeah. Yeah, I like it for sure. Below the low. I definitely like it. You can even put, I mean, right that low. Yeah, yeah. I would say that I like because that's like, you know, that we moved impulsively off that. Yeah.
honestly bro i think this would go high i was gonna take it on the funding so i would say this bitch is probably going like up to this region up here
Might be a little aggro, but that's already up here. Jesus. Oh, yeah. I bet that dot setup's flying. Let's go get some FOMO, guys. It's actually not. It's actually not. Huh? Dot on a weekly? Fire. Dot looks just fire in general. Break a block on a weekly. Yeah, it looks fire. Gold? We'll do gold.
Wait, I just thought I'd been looking at too much fucking crypto. I don't know if anybody's caught that. I just put gold USDT. Gold, we finally took these ominous fucking weekly equal lows. I think it traded at the imbalance. Oh, yeah, this is going to be Long City on gold, in my opinion. Oh, God, yeah. I'm not trading gold, but this has looked good. Like, for instance, your long could have been right here.
a fat ass order box the first long would have been again like it's these shifts of market structure so you got right there you're taking your fib first fair value gap that's in a premium even if part of it's in a premium is where i would enter so it would have been right here not the absolute sniper it looks like it went lower but that's just my strategy so you would have been in right there stop loss here now
You could target, I mean, really with this, you could target up here, in my opinion. Pretty funky trade so far. But the thing with gold, though, I'd be just taking it. If on this right here, depending on what time that way, I would go into London and close, I would have just probably took it, just knowing me. Gold moves very good with liquidity rates. So overall bias for you on gold would be bullish.
For now then then more death but but bullish for now like I would look at Probably the fail of this imbalance around there. So you're looking at like 1693
Above this high out of perfect right there got that high front running right there You might not you might even just go into the supply candle But I would look around this region longs up into that area. I think that was actually where I had that Drawn was right there. Yeah, so that was where I'd look longs up into that area maybe even here and Then more cells potentially that that's kind of what I would look at
They said, what is my weekly pips or percentage goal? Weekly goal is 9R. So I trade if I have three 3R days because my daily goal is 3R. And if I win three days like that, I'm done. Like last week, I did pretty well. I beat the weekly goal. And I just quit. I didn't trade on Friday at all. I didn't look at a chart.
I just went and traded crypto on the weekend and got smacked around a little bit on my Binance for good old time's sake. I'm just kidding. I'm not kidding. That's what happened. But on the funded account, I just, three, three hour days and I'm done. Or I really, I was being a little aggro because I got my weekly goal on that first NOS trade. But I didn't, the thing was, I shouldn't say I got it. I got the trade.
but i did i trimmed it early like i trimmed here and here so i didn't really get 9r out of it it was more like a four to five hour trade over here i did a lot better and didn't trim heavily until down here and then i traded es as well so these are the three trades i took on my funded last week i felt good only trading indices too like i am trying my best to watch alts for everybody in the private server because we give signals um but
I'm mainly for my funded focusing on these pairs you see right here. And I don't trade the dollar. You can't trade it on Forex funds or my Forex funds, but I trade, I just use it for my bias. And ETH, I like ETH. Like I took ETH on the funded because the profit target for me is going to be higher. My spread's four bucks. So for instance, this is what my ETH looks like.
It doesn't look like a big deal, but that is. Those numbers add up quick. It's not a huge deal, but I still like the trade. And for ETH, we'll go over ETH a little bit too, and then I'm going to hop off here. So this accumulation manipulation distribution, we posted about this. I don't know why I make the manipulation so long. Crypto is like...
Usually pretty quick or we're anticipating to be but says accumulation Consolidation above an area of sell-side liquidity
Price flushed out the liquidity. So now we look for signs of manipulation, which basically in my book is, again, like we were talking about earlier at the beginning of the stream, signs that smart money is buying up the dip. So we got that. Sorry, I don't have to turn this shit off. I was trying to just show that. That's what I was looking for. So we have that accumulation, manipulation under an area of liquidity into a higher timeframe POI. Those of you who are there for the private class on Sunday.
or I guess yesterday, I don't know, I said on Sunday, but that we went over this with liquidity rates and we were talking about time efficiency, but the higher probability setups after a rate are into higher timeframe POIs, which we had a fair value gap on the weekly, the daily, about every timeframe you can have. So we rated liquidity into an area where we're anticipating orders and we also have liquidity up above.
Now, I'll be trimming heavier around this area. I'll be trimming here and here heavier. This would be a runner. So I don't want to, don't YOLO it all the way to the top. That's a very, this is very YOLO-ish. So this is more so the most, the more reasonable in my opinion. So that's it for today. I think I got to everybody. Let me make sure. No, Ape. I can't forget about Fern.
So we had a supply shock here with, I think they came out with staking, right? Somebody correct me if I'm wrong. I'm pretty sure somebody said that they came out with staking. So Weekly Candle is starting out bullish, but I think that's because of that news driver. Again, if my bias is correct with a dump coming after the FOMC, I would look at this as manipulation.
You know, it's kind of weird because to me, I mean, we mitigated that fair value gap. What I see, though, is these equal highs. I'm not going to say, I mean, that would be my most likely target if crypto does pump because it will most likely take APE with it. I'd probably look for those highs. That would be like the overall area that I would look at is equal highs right there. But seems like right here.
You're going for these highs right most likely I'd be surprised if you don't so that is the way I would look at ape Again, it's really just gonna depend on the rest of crypto
So with APE, the setup that was, the fire setup would have been back over in this region, taking that low. You see it came back down to that daily order block, the original area of institutional involvement right before we move to the upside. So here, with APE, here's a great example. Accumulation, manipulation, distribution.
three three market cycles go over complicate the out of that but that's that's the way i look at it so if you want to get back in at the area of institutional involvement which is going to be your manipulation the beginning of that you'd look at this right here and then you also probably have some breaker blocks looks like it violated the breaker though yeah all crypto did this actually held better than really anything else
but came back down to this imbalance, that daily order block and rocketed. So now we've formed the four-hour institutional structure. We have imbalance at an equal highs above. Price came back down to a discount, rocketed. So what did price do when it came back to a discount? You got your shift in market structure with imbalance. Look for your first imbalance at a discount. There you go. So now going into the afternoon,
What's this right here? Can I trade crypto on MFF? Yeah, they have Bitcoin. I think they have Bitcoin and Ethereum. I think they have Dash and Litecoin. They have Dash, Litecoin.
Yeah, that's only once they have those so but the thing is like Dash and Litecoin like the spread is fucking terrible and Litecoin the contract size is fucking one and so is so is it for Dash so it's like You have to open really big lots and it's just it's not it's not what you want to really do in my opinion I trade the ETH is as far as go like for instance the ETH spread is four bucks
now bitcoin's like 20 to 30 dollars it's kind of changes but um sorry i don't know if that was but uh yeah so that you can trade it but you know it's kind of what do you want to yeah i'm going in the afternoon what i would look for here on nas okay i would ideally like
I would like five minutes to engineer some liquidity here.
Ideally, make it a nice swing low. It could be this one, but some form of a low, push up, run the low, and then look for continuation. That would be what I would look for. I'm not really pressed to trade against the bias on High Impact Newsweek, so I'll get that. Cool. That's kind of what I'm looking for. On that note, guys, I'm going to end this. I'm going to get some food real quick before I watch indices. I'd wait for that to happen until after 1.30, though.
or you know if it's right before it's fine but i'd wait for that so yeah um i appreciate everybody we'll be live again tomorrow same time and uh if you need anything always reach out i'll see you guys then peace
