What's up? What's up? Yeah spawns are acting pretty rough to even this low time frame and balance here You can see we got a break of structure cuz little three drive pattern going under the under this
this low up here, obviously, and then in this order block, in this fair value gap. But oftentimes when we see this move in the morning, if our draw on liquidity or we don't have an obvious high timeframe target up above, like I like these highs, but we'll see if she makes it up there. A lot of times you'll just retrace up into the impulse move in the morning, which we can see wasn't very much down in this area. So a lot of times you'll see at least some form of reaction in the first price delivery array.
in a premium of that little morning range.
Really, the long trigger is there, but the target was so close. And this is what I was going over the other day. Sometimes just because the trigger is there doesn't mean the trade is there. So, for instance, you know, and who knows, it could go higher. But when we come down here, we get that little initial break of structure, that fair value gap. You could have got an entry there. Stop could have been here, here, whichever you like. And then you would look to target the.
First area of liquidity or imbalance in a premium of that morning move, which we could see was right in front of us. So now it's not to say that we won't go higher, but for me, that's my my kind of my strategy on how I target stuff. But I do like these equal highs up here. I think there's a lot of liquidity built up up there on the 15 minute.
If we look, it's interesting because if we're looking for where our draw is in the 15 minute, it seems like we wanted to push up here and I don't see any kind of imbalance or anything of that nature.
in this whole little price leg except up here so it seemed like when we come down here and we you know fill that fair value gap and get a little reaction we start to push up it you know seems like price wants something higher looking at the 15 minute but um
The only place I really see any attention, obviously other than going lower, but the only reason I even looked at all for anything higher is because we reacted off of this order block after failing this imbalance after a flush out in the morning. So we'll see how this plays out. I'm going to look at Bitcoin too.
So overall for me is down on Bitcoin, but I was seeing a potential long setup forming last night. We talked about a little bit, I think, over here. Not very strong. I think it's going to depend a lot what indices do. Not really much displacement to the upside. If anything, it seems like looking at the one hour, I mean, the 15 minute you did feel this imbalance and came into this demand candle.
what oops is i won't show me for some reason on my screen with that uh emote is yeah overall for me it's just still down on bitcoin i mean they're definitely like we caught the logs of their day there's definitely longs to be had but um you know i actually like that i'm gonna set an alarm here as well because that would be a potential
Zone for reversal because there's that four hour imbalance and also that's a pretty clean high on the 15 minute There's gonna be some liquidity resting there even if we don't you know It doesn't take it too too far down and I like how we're kind of inching up into it We're not like leaving a lot of imbalances behind that would be an issue if you wanted to get short there
But overall, we are sitting in this fair value gap on the four-hour. If we look at the 15-minute, as we were talking about a little bit last night, I mean, hell, even here, you kind of came up and really got a displacement BOS, but no fair value gap, so no trade. And then we obviously pushed to the downside pretty hard. And as we come back up into this supply candle, we definitely had...
issues there. And it seemed like the bearish order flow stepped in as we took out the lows. But again, I'm more looking at this as what kind of areas liquidity we're drawing to. I've noticed that with Bitcoin, for me personally, I'd rather trade where I think liquidity is drawing to than rather just supply and demand order flow. But it looks similar to SPYON. So there's a little imbalance here. And then there's some equal highs right here.
We failed this imbalance down here. It's showing some form of bullish strength right there. We're on like a one minute, maybe. Nothing really much on any time frame yet. What's up, Adeliki? And what's up, Panikma? Sorry, coughing. I actually just now got to my desk a little bit ago. I've been watching charts on my phone, but I haven't really been in the office this morning.
There's a couple Forex pairs I've been watching recently. What's up, Fullport Shorts? And what's up, Xavier? We've got these equal lows down here. Ideally, I would like to see how we just filled this imbalance, what was left of it.
So if we could get it, it doesn't seem like a very strong reaction off of it just yet. No break of structure, the downside of any displacement. It seems like it's just absorbing these orders. But if we can get that confirmation to the downside, I would like to see these lows get taken out. And then after that, we have this imbalance or what's what's left of an imbalance down below. And that could give us enough fuel to go up here into this daily buy side liquidity.
Because this is no question what we're drawing to for me. Now, we do have this imbalance down here. We don't see a reaction there, but once we get this close, I want to see that get taken. But we know that we can leave equal highs. What's up, Luis? And there's no law saying we have to take it out right now. But that's kind of what I'm looking for in dollar yen.
It's not really during kill zone or when I trade Forex. What I'm going to do is I'm just going to leave this here. I'm going to use a horizontal ray to set an alert. So that's kind of the narrative I see playing out here. I mean, the way to confirm it would be lower time frame break of structure to the downside. You could look for cells maybe into these equal lows even. You don't want to get too greedy when we're playing against the bias because we could very well react there. I like these lows down here.
I put something on Twitter on Euro USD that I got some DMs about. So if we're looking at just a monthly chart, to me, there's no question of the range we're playing within. And that is...
This right here. So, and the reason I select these zones is just monthly order blocks. It's not like some kind of crazy strategy. It's just looking at the really big timeframes where we can see evidence of the really big players getting involved. And, you know, we see here this month, this monthly order block that kind of came in as Europe's energy crisis was really ramping up. So I think market makers, you know, we're moving, shifting a lot of money from the euro out.
So that would give, you know, the euro weakness. And obviously we know the denominator, United States dollar, has had immense strength since May. So that goes along with that narrative. And if we're looking at the next order block, that is over here to the left-hand side. Now, when I originally did this, we were a little higher up. But we're looking over here.
Take that line out and extend it. You're just going to look for the most recent opposing order block that doesn't touch this line, which is going to be this candle right there back from 2002. There's also some key levels on DXY from 2002 that coincide with this, but I would look for Euro to hit this 99 cents. Almost 99 even, but...
That's just where I'm at with the Euro. So I actually saw someone else on Twitter, LH. She has the same, it's not a similar bias as that exact, that level, but I also saw that there was a short bias there. So I think that a lot of the...
bias right now on euro dollar for me is just a sell overall. And as of right now, it looks like we're reaching for these lows. We did take this and sweep this down here. So we could see maybe a reaction up to this daily imbalance. I'm actually going to move this down. It's a more recent one. So we have that clean high right there. But overall, I think downside is what we're looking for on euro.
I'm going to start participating in this market more just because it's becoming more and more clear to me. Once we are in this, it was just a mess where I'm just not really super intrigued with that kind of price action where I want to participate. But once I get a bit more of a... Oh, wow, Spy's flying. There we go. Once I get a bit more of a...
clear directional bias on something, that's when I get more eager to participate. So expect to see a little bit more EU analysis for me. I'm trying to trim down the pairs I watch. I don't really watch all these cryptos. I'm just kind of looking at them for major moves and swings. I was watching gold pretty heavy there for a while, but I've been playing indices this week.
I like euro dollar and I like US dollar yen. So, and also another pair that I like is dollar Swissy. Good morning, Hunter. And also Bourne. This pair right here, I mean, we came into this imbalance. See how we got that reaction, but then pushed right through it. That tells me that price is drawing to something higher. And also this kind of coincides with a lot of indices and a lot of different
different pairs that are denominated by the dollar, they're kind of at these points where we're looking for potential reversals. So that would go with the narrative that the dollar is gaining strength even coming into areas against the Swiss where it sold off before where there would have been orders. So we can see that market makers may have been cycling their interest or their value into the U.S. dollar because if it has enough strength to push through the sell orders that we saw here, then
most likely it's drawing higher. So I'm just looking at these equal highs right now and would look to build trades around that. I have this imbalance, a supply candle here in that imbalance, and you can see that we're pushing up into it pretty rapidly here. Now, this can change. If this daily candle were to just turn around and go crazy to the downside, that would change my bias for sure.
Other than that, I could see a push-up to these highs. And then pound-dollar, we took out these lows. So now we could see a potential reversal scenario going on here. We're reacting pretty nicely off of them. I'm actually going to look.
And see we came out maybe even look for one more liquidation like maybe a push-up into this imbalance and then one more liquidation I'm actually gonna put changes to yellow because I'm little
One thing I recommend you guys do is go on your charts and change these little flags. If you're trading a bunch of pairs and if you're day trading, you can actually really, I used to not utilize them as much because for a while there, everything was just bullish if you were trading crypto or anything. These can help remember your daily bias. You should be able to remember it if you're really in tune with the pair you're trading.
For me, it helps whenever I'm scanning around because I stay a little bit more fluid with the pairs I trade. If I see a lot of volatility potentially coming in the week from maybe some news.
Or maybe we're just at key levels. I'll start to kind of switch around what pairs I watch. So I keep a lot on the watch list right now, but I'm not necessarily watching them all. So it helps to have these marks or these little flags to give me a little refresher. So I'm actually going to mark this one yellow as well. This one I need to change. I haven't watched GJ in a little bit. So GJ, we talked about these lows over here.
Flo from the Discord actually had brought these to my attention. So shout out to Flo. But these lows got taken. Seems like that indeed was a draw on liquidity. Now price has moved to the upside. I think it's engineering a lot of buy side liquidity in the form of stops on these shorts. Everybody wants to short this pair. But we have this imbalance right here in all of these highs. And now we're down in this imbalance right here. I tweeted this the other day that I was looking for these equal highs.
You know, this actually doesn't look bad. I'm going to keep an eye on GJ, if I can remember. For some reason, I always forget to watch this pair. We're rating lows into this imbalance. You know, this actually doesn't look terrible. Not necessarily the...
Did you short EURUSD? I got 60 pips on a short. I haven't traded EURUSD in a while. I've been watching it recently, but I haven't traded it. The last time I traded EURUSD was literally back in this region, early July.
Keep short in that bitch, though. Shit's going back under. I didn't want to keep it going. Oh, yeah, yeah. No, I meant just like in general, like the bias. Not like that short. What was I going to say? The GJ, we're in this imbalance in the daily and on the one hour, it looks like.
where was it that five minute we got a you know a break of structure you know if you want to go by that but for me if i'm looking i want to trade the time frame i'm looking at so a lot of people when they're learning imbalances you know they'll look at this and they'll say okay well i'm gonna get in the one minute well there was a one minute entry in my opinion well actually i don't know if yeah it came down on this fair value gap right here right and then you know what would we target we are just looking at you know the impulse move that brought you down to where you're at
If you're looking for it. That's what I was saying earlier. Just because there is a trigger doesn't mean that there is a trade. That's not how this works. You don't want to just take a trade for every time that your entry model...
provides your risk management has to stay consistent too. So don't get it twisted. If you have a good enough risk to reward and your entry model is presenting itself, you have to execute relentlessly, mechanically, without hesitation. But if you look and say, okay, well, what is my target here? Using a one minute chart, I wouldn't take it to like a 15 minute or a daily target or anything like that, right?
I would just look to take into the first area of liquidity in a premium, right? Or you can put it in the inbounds or whatever. So now while we could go higher, I'm not saying we can't. I'm just saying for the one minute entry, that's what my trade would have been. So I'm not going to justify getting into this off of a one minute chart.
So now what I would be looking for is the 15 minute to show me some desire to go up. Because what we can see is that we do have this imbalance right here. All of this. Most likely we'll get a reaction here. And we'll be able to see some structure form on the...
The 15 minute and then that will give us more of a bias and better I guess better confirmation to look to take a long up to like these higher areas because with me with GJ I'd rather just get into a swing type trade Looks like spy is going up to those highs
That's why I posted that. That was the only area. And see how we do the draw on liquidity. We do it on the daily chart a lot of the time. And you can do the same thing on any time frame. It gets a little more difficult.
These lower time frames, but you can oftentimes see where price is drawing to It's a little more dynamic But the principles that you use on any time frame can be used on another time frame. It just has to be
you have to do it in the context of the higher timeframe. So if you're, you know, you're doing something on a 15 minute, you're going to have to do it in the context of maybe the four hour. And then whatever your context, you know, that you're operating in there, well, that should be built around the daily. You see what I mean? So, or at least in cognizance of the daily, what the daily is telling you. So he said ETH, excuse me.
You know, honestly, Bitcoin looks better than ETH in my opinion right now. I think ETH's getting closer to where it's going to look pretty nice. See how we reacted off these highs here? We talked about that too. Go ahead and mark that out. I think we're in the daily imbalance right here. So we've came back down to that draw we spoke about. I could see a little lower just because in the four hour. Well, I mean.
I want to see what this zone sponsored a break of. I mean, this zone could hold some interest.
I just don't like how it's sitting right in front of that imbalance, but it is a good little supply and demand flip zone. So you can see that that was where the market really, a lot of buying was injected into the market because we came up and took out that high. We came up, reacted into the supply, pushed back, had that little sell to buy range and then expanded. And also there are some lows front running it right there. So it doesn't look bad. Now if we look at the 15 minute, I mean really for me, I almost want to see this high get taken.
Before I give a 15-minute, because we have this almost potentially looking like a redistribution scenario. I mean, it's not, you know, nothing's set in stone there. But if you look, we came up right here, took the low, and then we kind of never took the low again. So, you know, to me, this is the range we're in. This is kind of the impulse move. And until we break above that, you know, I don't necessarily see enough confirmation for me personally that we're going to move to the upside.
I could be wrong, but that's kind of just the way I would look at it.
But if we get above that, you know, I'm going to look for whatever demand pushed us up above that and so forth. But looking at a four hour, I want more into this imbalance. So we've got that would fill the daily imbalance. Also, we've got this order block right here, that whole little downward move. So I could definitely see a push down a little bit lower. Somebody said 15 second chart, bro. I don't know if you're asking why I have it or if you're asking to use it.
I use it for, I've tested it for confirming fair value gap entries on indices in the mornings. I still don't really use it for like a stop loss or anything, but sometimes I'll peep into a 15 second if I'm looking to like confirm like a one minute to a five minute fair value gap. I can take a look. So like this morning, let's draw the fair value gap, that'd probably help. So you could have looked at this fair value gap right here.
and said, okay, well, I want to wait for a break of structure after prices reach into this fair value gap. The 12-hour ETH candle, I'm assuming that was that order block that I was talking about maybe.
But like here, if we look, we have this break to the upside. And then you can see, you can confirm these fair value gaps and say, okay, where was the demand? Well, we're going to use the market extreme. You might have got max pain left out right there. Actually, no, it tapped in. But you see how the 15 seconds, I mean, a lot of people would laugh. But I mean, it can definitely give you a sniper entry. But I will say, it's just like any time you continuously scale down into the lower time frames.
you risk being left behind more and you also risk getting stopped out more. What's the trade-off? Higher risk reward. Because if you look, let's just say you took a trade right there, your stop loss, which I wouldn't necessarily do this, would be a dollar, which is your spread would almost be as much as your stop loss. And you can see that, that would transform the trade to a much crazier trade, but don't get fooled and just think this is all fun and games or it's all just sweet because a lot of times,
yeah that happens and then you get you know stopped out and it goes without you or it just leaves you you know in the first place there's a lot of irritating stuff that um can occur there here i'd look on the 15 minutes probably gonna come back down to this imbalance i would look at and then um we'll see how it reacts there got a little order block right there and also this whole candle right here i would consider an order block
But let's see what this, yeah, the mean thresholds below that fair value gap. So again, just draw on liquidity on the five minute. You can really just see where price is bouncing between. And then, you know, once price hits one of your POIs or your areas of interest, you can just go on a lower timeframe, try to confirm that area. If you can, great. If you can't, then look for the next area down below or wherever. That's the same thing we do in the daily chart. Somebody said, look at eighth of the 12 hour.
Yeah, that's the four-hour. Well, it's a 12-hour order block with this right here. That's what I was saying. It looks like an order block. So that's where I would look for as well. $17.90, you said that I have that mark on this as well. I've seen POI on Bitcoin. Yeah? Is it similar? Yeah, the unmitigated daily order block. Oh, yeah, over here. Or wait, I'm not.
yeah it's a po i put an mpix like two three weeks ago yeah we've been talking about this one for a minute too but you can see we tapped that fair value gap and i look at that as um just liquidity for dumb money or smart money i see that as dumb money entering and then we'll manipulate that low and hit the 50 of the imbalance yeah which also lines up with the order block for sure get a reaction from there no i agree for sure and we had this little three drive on the daily too and on
I think it was three daily. And then on the third drive, you had it on the one hour. Yeah. We either reacumen that order block or we drop hard. Yeah, for sure. That's that same here. I think that like, that's kind of like a decisional point because, you know, we have this imbalance we can operate off of. Um, but if you don't react there, I mean the next other, other than this low, like you got that low and then you got these equal lows down here. Yup. That's like it really.
Yeah, if we don't bounce at my POI, I think I had a sweeping 17.5. Yeah. Yeah, the whole range low completely. Yeah, I just, I would wait, me, I'm just waiting for like, I just kind of play ping pong between them. So for instance, like if we don't, if we react here, cool, I'd look for, you know, any imbalance we made along the way. If we react there, I'm going to look for the lows. You see what I mean? Like I just kind of play ping pong between them. Not the weekly chart.
I will say if we start pushing really down and you have like maybe like two down strong weekly candles, that would tell me we want the really, I mean, I don't know. These lows look somewhat interesting on a weekly, but in my experience, whenever you have something that looks like that, you always go for the lowest one. Also, you got their weekly equal lows as well. If you look right there.
So, and again, I've been trying to, like people said I was crazy and I was talking about like eventually Bitcoin going down to like 11, 12K, but I still could see that. I believe it. Yeah, I can see it for sure. Dude, we could sweep 3,600. Yeah, that would be insane. That would be fucked. I don't know about all that, but I mean, we could, but I know that's what ICT said. He said, like he was like,
something like 10k then zero where he's like this is good all right he said in some stream that 3600 was like coin to zero yeah bitcoin is all crypto to zero everything to zero everything to zero he was like yeah you guys personally in these markets don't i've been targeting internal liquidity with internal liquidity so i don't get stopped out on my shit it never hurts to be extra safe i mean i go heavy as fuck so you know
Like I said, a fucking 60 pip move pays like people trying to target a thousand pip move. That's because their stops are like fucking... That's how it is refunded if you do no stop loss. People will be on like a 200k account with like a three lot because their stop loss is so big. Fuck that. I go 30 lot fucking 20. Hell yeah. Dude, I traded that out. Where goes max leverage?
i mean you can hit you gotta think it's only 10 bucks so every every lot for every pip is 10 bucks so like you know if you have a euro dollar you can easily get a two to five pip stop loss like euro dollar doesn't move that crazy so like you know you gotta think like i mean a 30 lot uh on our euro dollar really isn't that much yeah no you're way under leveraged because you're uh you're not risking as much
well my calculator you're risking less than like so like a six pip stop would be 1800 bucks that's the right yeah yeah and you're you're catching like 30 40 pips you know so you could do the math there's no need to go for a 500 fucking 54 to 1 trade that's that's nice bro
yeah like but how many times did it take you to actually you know get there with profits like did you get stopped out like 50 times and then you got your 1 to 54 trade or you know i could have just caught like you know every move where you got every move where you got stopped out i was taking profits
like in in a sense like i got in i got out i got in i got out i got in i got up i still caught that one to 54 trade probably made more money than you know personally i like um i like just like really with forex especially um i i like to be like in and out bro like in the in the early session like with a lot of forex pairs
and i'll take two to three r but i get my you know like for instance like i didn't take this but i'll find one you could have easily taken just like any kind of liquidity rates okay like here's kill zone i can hear easily probably found something off this let's see if it gave an entry though because it looked like it moved fast
i think bitcoin expands during ny to the downside yeah this was nice right here so like see that right there so you see how we came up we kind of made a short term low and got that little displacement candle nothing crazy but that's enough to where you could take a short that just confirms the liquidity rate you could have taken a short there down to the bottom of the range and um
It wouldn't have been crazy R, but those usually hit is the thing. You know what I'm saying? It's like barely 2R. I can't say I would have taken that, actually. But I'll take 2R just because spreads are going to knock it down a little bit. But if you make it in like 20 minutes, the thing is with these, you have a much higher win rate and less screen time. That's the nice thing about them.
but uh yeah i don't like working i don't like fucking worrying about did i get stopped out right like i'd rather just take my profits and i'm gonna go take a nap like fuck worry about all that bullshit
Yeah, I like getting stopped in seconds. I'm right or wrong right away. It's either I'm right or wrong, and then I'm out. It's either I'm happy or depressed for the rest of the day. Done. You know? I think my favorite's when you get fucking tricked out by the market. Get a nice little move away from your entry.
And then he's completely dicks down through it. There's ways as to not get trapped. You know, that's what the lower timeframes are for. You know, I don't just set limit orders. I wait, you know, there's one thing I learned that if I wait for TP, oh man, it's never going to happen.
A lot of times with indices, like, I have TPs and stuff, but I'll also watch and just trim, like, at certain levels, just based off the time of day, too, like New York lunch. Like, if you open something in the morning and don't take anything going into the lunch, you're a fucking mad man.
Yeah, what I like to do when I'm trading those, I like to watch FANG because they're the ones that move all the indices. If I see, that's why I was mentioning Apple and Tesla this morning. If I didn't see those two move, there's no trade. I don't care how good the chart looks. They're the ones that are the money holders in the NASDAQ and in S&P. If you see a big displacement red candle, like if you go look at it right now, you look at Tesla, Apple, both under the 200.
on a lower time frame which holds huge significance the 200 on lower time frames um and you look at the index funds the index funds are pulling back and you'll see a reaction in the stocks before you see it in the index funds as light as it might be but it's a huge consequence because they're the ones that hold all the money in there but
Right there, Tesla and Apple failed to break out from their mourning levels. I saw something Apple was talking about.
what was it like putting ads on like the maps app because they need more revenue i was like damn but didn't they like beat revenue or was it some company like no yeah they beat they beat revenue and they have an expected price target 210. i'll go i just looked at a tesla here i'm about to send you my chart that a retracement yesterday it was actually a re it was actually a mitigation of the supply we actually might have another leg down here
Yeah, right now, the thing that's making me bearish on Tesla and Apple is the fact that China closed down one of the major cities that exports batteries for Tesla. And they manufacture about 60 to 70 percent of the semiconductor chips in the world. I actually saw something about that. So just got to pay attention to the macros a little bit. We've got to know what's going on around the world.
Yeah, if anything ever happens with Taiwan, that's going to be good GGs for a lot of shit for a minute just because of how much shit's made there. I mean, Russia and fucking China just became allies. My dad, actually, he works in carbide.
carbide tool sales. Basically, it's like metal drill bits. Yeah, exactly. He actually sells tools to Snap-on. He works for a company. It's Mitsubishi Materials. Not like the car company, but it's Mitsubishi. It's the same name and stuff.
He was talking about how now in all the plans that he's seen in multiple different states and different countries, they're all rushing to implement systems where they can manufacture certain things themselves so they're not reliant on other countries. I was like, damn, that's crazy. Everyone's getting ready. Apple switched to Vietnam for their MacBook Pros and iPhones. It was huge news the other day.
the real merging sorry the question for you what's up bitcoin sideways or new york expansion to the downside honestly i mean i just let's see depends on how the index funds that's yeah that's what i was gonna say i mean like it really just depends what spy does but i mean overall it does not look insanely hot here i mean
The one minute it doesn't look terrible, but if you see it, just all it was doing is retracing the impulse move. So for me, the institutional order flow is still down because I look at it like, okay, well, I'm just looking at imbalances and lows. So we came down, took a low, left the imbalance, reacted off that. You know what I mean? So that tells me, like, hell, there might be something in this WIC that it wants. But other than that, it tells me it wants these equal lows.
he's low and then it's like but then what what's stopping you you know what i mean but there is like that's where i'm at currently because uh that swing on the 5 15 minute is that's all one bearish downswing all we're doing is internally retracing right now yeah exactly so i know you've seen this happen on bitcoin a lot but like there are times where we'll start to retrace right and then literally just a big boner dump candle out of nowhere to break the whole entire range yeah i mean
It's just not like this is why I'm not really participating because like I mean the only displacement on a 15-minute chart is this Right there. So like that I look I'm like, okay You know what I mean? I can go down like refine this I think probably three minute better than a five even you got that order block and that I like this because it swept liquidity, right?
So it's like what you're doing is actually how you identify a redistribution ranges Honestly, that's the thing with ICT stuff a lot of it really I I like when I'm trading like and like like the other night that Bitcoin long I took I was like this like I don't even trade accumulation I know that's this is like
You know, I've learned if you drop your supply and demand within ranges and you just pay attention to where internal market structure is breaking and which side of demand or supply is getting respected, you'll have a bias for which way the range is going to break. Yeah. I used to mark up like reaccumulation and redistribution and all of that shit, but now I just look at the supply and demand and just see internally where we start to break structure and where the order flow is.
Yeah, because like I see this like potentially like, okay, so I see like one drive, two drive. Well, I'm sorry, one, two, or I'm sorry, I just fucked it up. Two down to this little area and then like a third drive. And then you see that move up with the imbalance. We react off the imbalance. And so it tells me it's seeking something higher. But like that's going to be one of two things, whether it's to mitigate or to liquidate. And it seems like it was to mitigate. So if it was to mitigate, then I look for like.
range lows usually but you know i looking at spy it looks like it could see a little higher we'll see um may have already seen the move up for the day but that's why i just kind of watch spy i mean i almost like in a way sometimes trading bitcoin during tokyo because it's like after the day like like in this like look at that that shit right there was
I was pretty proud of that because I was, I sat there and built this whole narrative, but the, the, it was the same thing. It was like, look, like one drive, right. Clearing those lows, second draft, clearing these lows, third draft, clearing those lows, move up with displacement imbalance. I think it was imbalance in the 15 minute over here, push up. And then we saw that low timeframe consolidation inside this really small imbalance. Oh no. So this really small imbalance, right. I think it was on a 15 minute.
Right there and as soon as we saw that and I started seeing like break structure the upside after these low timeframes I was like yeah, it's about to moon and it was like last but what's funny is I literally got on like I had Plotted the narrative for like days that we're gonna come up above these highs I even put that shit on Twitter that I wanted to move into equilibrium this fair value gap before more downside and Literally I got on like literally it was like 15 minutes before I say this I was like, oh shit. This shit's where to go right now
And then I was laying in bed. I love that feeling. Bro, you know what I'm saying? When you're looking at Price, and you're like, yeah, this shit looks like it's about to fucking moon. And then you're just like, let me place an order real quick. Yeah. And I used to have a thing where if I did that, I would be like, oh, well, chill. You just sat down, bro. Just chill for a second. And then now I'm just like, I know. I'm like, fuck it. If you take a loss, take a loss.
And I only risked half as much, unfortunately, because it was against my daily bias. Like my daily bias, again, this is where like that same POI you have is we're going for that low and the same balance. It just seems clear what shit's drawing to. It seems like spy is making another little move. So that's what we're saying. Like, look, we reacted off a high.
Then we come down to another imbalance. And then now we're going up to highs. Maybe it's this high, maybe it's, I don't know. But you see how fluid the market really is. It's just all, you know, this number on your screen, the reason price is where it's at is just delivering to where there are orders, right? It's just, there's a thing about liquidity is literally like a magnet. So it's called the draw on liquidity. And if we look at a 15 minute, it really never changed. But if you were just watching this and you know, you're.
you get your bias shaken up really easy because you're like, oh, fuck, what the fuck, we're pushing back down. But then you see this massive candle right here. And if the order flow is indeed bullish on the timeframe you're looking at, any of those wicks or any of those down moves, those are just buying opportunities. That's why it's important as fuck to maintain whatever bias you have. You know what I mean? Because it's really easy to get lost in the price action if you don't look at it from...
one perspective and don't change it and like be okay with if that ends up being wrong you know and wait till wait till it's like you know at that decision point where you are wrong not like oh i might be wrong so i'm going to switch up that's how you end up like like long here early take profit then you short give back that then you try to sort up here get wrecked again and it's like that's that's like a huge problem that i think people have um when they're trading uh
Really smart money in general, but especially if you're learning like ICT type-esque stuff.
I mean, this to me, like I took a long yesterday. I almost signaled it, but I was just like, bro, you'd be a certified piece of shit to signal along right before FOMC. But I took two on 30 and on Spy. 30 was like clean as fuck. But I was like, it didn't hit the target. I wanted it hit some. I took profits like this order book here. And then I took more profits. Like as soon as I saw that game, I was like, yeah, it's just going to dump. He was talking about raising rates.
So like for me, this was just like a very simple supply and demand entry. It was like four hour order block. This is like the, this is like, like elementary smart money. And I was like, bro, don't be like, don't be scared. Just take the goddamn, you know, take the shit. And it literally, uh, I came down that four hour order block. I refined to a one hour. Right. I think I may find a 15 minute even, but, um, right in there, it came down.
15-minute change of character. Broke that high, so I just drew that whole 15-minute order block. It also swept liquidity, so I like that. Then as soon as price came back down, it's really rapid.
This is another one I watched like last minute price came back down into I mean to me This is the only form of demand is that little wick, you know I just read the whole candle and then if you want to get really technical and this is where it gets jumbled up or feel like what the fuck how do you even see that but it's just that it's just you have to be like Practical with it. So it's like okay once price came back down into this five-minute zone. What was the next break? It was there, you know, that's a clear order block. Bam. See what I mean?
because originally i had drawn this but i was like no that was the because i just entered it with i didn't put a tight stop base off the one minute i just did the five minute stop i entered that shit and like literally i was like because there's been so many times where i wanted to um
take a trade right before with news and i didn't because i was like trying to like i was telling myself it was irresponsible but like and i guess it kind of is at times you know but if if price is giving you what you need like just just don't be afraid to like take a loss that's one thing i have to say because i was pretty happy that i that i did that yesterday and it didn't hit full target like to me i just targeted the high because i was using a four-hour structural um you know entry method so
I ended up just using that as the target.
I didn't necessarily even really expect it to go all the way up there. I was kind of just taking profits. I took profits at this candle right here and then somewhere. I should have just taken them all. That was the only downfall of this trade. Anytime I could get a big-ass impulse move like that, in my opinion, some may disagree. If you're in a day trade, if you're in a swing and you get a big pump, don't just FOMO sell. I'm not saying this.
enter a trade and then i'm like five minutes it just starts flying and it starts taking liquidity like don't be afraid to like uh take uh take some profits there
So let me ask you, what should I... Sorry, I'm just not seeing things. What source of news do I follow? I just use my Forex book. A lot of people use Forex Factory. It honestly looks better. I just like the app on my Forex book. They're the same thing. It's just basically it shows you any kind of economic numbers that may influence the direction of currencies. But anything with USD is going to influence the stock market as well. Or really, even...
super important stuff like in Europe, like I remember inflation numbers when they doubled last month in Europe, I think it was last month, but whenever they doubled from two and a half to 5%, that fucking rocked everything just because the reason it, cause like I had somebody ask me, I'm glad you brought this up. Somebody asked me like, why does, you know, why does a bearish USD news matter this and that? Well, all it does is it will cause the rebalancing of
Finances. So, for instance, you know, if there's a lot of funds and it may not even be smart money, like not every large body of money is smart money. There's a lot of big, dumb money. And most of the time, the stops that are getting taken out aren't retail. They're, you know, dumb institutions or like dumb funds, you know, that don't trade with the, you know, the big dog, so to speak. Not everybody's black rock is what I'm trying to say. But.
you know, whenever some kind of news comes out, like, you know, that home sales are down really bad or this and that. Well, a lot of people that, you know, or a lot of institutions that have money in whatever it may be, you know, stocks or whatever, they're going to, you know, start to liquidate. So whenever value transfers from one body to the other, it's going to give that body value. So for instance, if you look at DXY and it's being accumulated, well,
All that is showing you it's just a visualization with candlesticks that a lot of money is kind of coming together into the dollar. So what does that mean? People are selling their shit.
It's much simpler than people like, you know, because I had something like, how do people like, how are people manipulating like DXY like that? And I'm like, well, I mean, yeah, but it's more so everything else getting manipulated as a whole, you know, and the money is flowing into a different instrument. So, you know, Bitcoin can be doing absolutely nothing. But if USD is fucking flying, guess what Bitcoin is going to do? It's going to dump the pair to USD.
So once you look like that, value kind of has a different, you have a different take on value. It's just how much juice, if you will, is in one of these assets. And if it's in the one at the end of your pair, your pair is going to go down. But somebody said, what should you do in crude oil? You're a demon.
I know. Yeah, I was going to say, I'll go follow this around. Oh, I went to the weekly draw on liquidity. This is, I haven't looked at this in a minute. It's in like a couple of weeks. So this was the original draw right here. And we're, seems like we're accumulating under it. So on the daily chart, we also have taken out a low. Didn't get the reaction here we want, but we start to see, look, we have that.
First, second, third drive. So you could start to see a push to the upside. If I wanted to see any kind of like major swing, like the way I would do it. Actually, why do I have that green line there? Is that a monthly order book? It is. I'm going to leave that line. Why is it green? It's pink. I don't know why. I've never, I just, oops, not date in one minute.
So, and also that kind of goes with this narrative. If we can get a break of structure in the daily, like I wouldn't even look at this lesson personally. You may want me to look at someone in a daily. He said, I have hold.
If I'm looking at this on a daily, I would look at a break above these highs with displacement, which that is 95.05. If you can get a break above that, look for an imbalance in that move and then start to get in the low timeframes there and build long ideas like up to this high. That's how I would play it. I don't touch oil, though.
It goes to you, if you trade oil good, you're a good trader because oil is known as one of the hardest things to trade. Actually, there's this podcast. I listen to it sometimes. It's called... Here, I'll tell you. Actually, hold on one second. I'm actually about to start a podcast too, but I almost started playing some ESTG on my speakers. That would have been loud as fuck on accident. Hold on.
Where's my podcast? But this guy on this podcast, he's been an index trader. He's been like in the top 50 independent retail index traders. He's a floor trader. His name is Chris Cady. Chat with traders. That's the name of the podcast. But he was talking about trading oil.
Talking about how it was the hardest thing he's ever traded, but he did trade it for a couple years. Also, I appreciate that. I'm glad you're enjoying the stream. We do these every day. We'll be on here tomorrow too. It'll be a late night stream tomorrow though. Adaliki, can I check CHC? Yes, I can. Also, how do I draw the straight line without using the trend line? I'm about to change your life. So that is a trend line. Hold shift.
Yeah. I remember when I figured that out, I was like, wow. This whole time, I've been like, because I used to use the crosshair, and I'm trying to make it straight, line it up with it. And then Flyers, actually, from the Discord, he was like, bro, what? He's like, just use the shift key. And you can also use control. See, I'm anchoring it. So if you want to get accurate levels, let's say if I want to know this high.
Well, I can go control, and it's going to anchor to it, and then shift. So I know that high is 9,505. And this over here, if you're referring to that, is a horizontal ray tool. Yeah, Brayden, yeah, no, he said deadass, bro. You're deadass, you just gave bro the sauce. But yeah, bro, it's life-changing. CHZ, you were trading this yesterday a little bit. It's like I was telling you.
I'd be careful here if you're trying to look long. I'm guessing you're trying to short, but I think it still needs time to develop. You're in this weekly order block, filled the weekly imbalance, looking like a fat short setting up. I actually want to see just more intention to go down because if I'm looking at supply and demand, I'm looking at this up here, which I don't think we're going to make it up there. We could, but maybe on a daily.
Same with this, but I mean there's not like the imbalance is already filled You know because I can see that but then if I look where's the displacement? Okay, there's that I got filled to a T so I'm not necessarily interested in all that up there if anything Maybe where we're at in this little buy to sell range right there So let's go to a four hour and say the reason I just did that so for those are wondering if I look at okay, where the initial Selling began up here
What was the evidence of that? This fair value gap, that big displacement candle. What happened? It got filled. What filled it? This little buy-to-sell range. Guess what that buy-to-sell range is going to be inside of? That's not going to show it, but it's going to be inside of this order block and inside of that weekly imbalance. That gives me more of a conviction in that area. Then I can scale to a lower time frame and see anywhere I see a nice little displacement.
Because we're all looking at where do these big moves start that haven't been rebalanced. And I see right there. Also, you've got all these highs right there. If we cleared this. Oh, yeah, look at that. There you go. Now, you know, honestly, actually good shit out of here because I might short the fuck out of this shit coin soon.
I'm going to put this on my watch list. I'm actually going to put this. Because if crypto does start falling, this shit is going to die. Just because I know that it's been railing. I don't know if there's any fundamentals to why this has been railing. But what I'm actually specifically going to look for is a break under this. Preferably with this place. I think like a closure under it. Because we do have this down here. We could see price.
you know kind of mosey onto it if you just see that you might get a little wick and then you know you want to force that short narrative but really what just happened was a liquidity grab and then we're coming up deeper into that uh poi or maybe even farther but that's what i would look for if we get a break there and if i start to see all the time frames shift bearish i'll sort the out of this coin because like the weekly um next weekly target will be down there in this range at least but
That'd be a pretty nice little move. Maybe this can probably target in here. It'd be a nice move. We'll see though. I'll keep an eye on it. I have it alert set. So good looks on that. Hey, also ZP, I appreciate it. I just checked the DM. I really appreciate that, bro. Much love. Yeah, ICT concepts of the wave in my opinion. I like supply and demand too. Supply and demand is good, but once you really start to get liquidity down, I think you can navigate. Somebody said video is not clear. Is it not?
Somebody else tell me if it is it, because I don't, it should be. Is anybody else in stream? Anybody there? Everybody's silent as shit. I was wondering, like, I know, okay, the video looks good. Okay, maybe it's your connection. I mean, it should be good. I'm on Ethernet. It should be straight. The video looks good to me, Casper. Cool. But sometimes when my connection is bad, it does get foggy for a little bit. Yeah, that's probably what it is.
Okay, I always say it's clear. Yeah, honest with OCHC. I just almost called you CHC. Adeliki, I like CHC for short soon. But see how it's important to kind of build that narrative. But if you just look at this, it's not that clear. But once you start to think about it, you know. Yeah, much love, ZP, for real. I appreciate you, man. Steady working. ZP's one to watch out for, I'm telling you. He's on the grind. He just came up a bunch real quick.
This also, JL, wouldn't you say this looks like pride distribution? Like preliminary supply down here, like up or whatever this is, secondary test, up thrust. Well, this isn't a UTAD right there, obviously. Or unless it's LPSY, I don't know. It doesn't really look like it would be. I agree with you, but you want to see that bottom line get broken with displacement and volume. Yeah, for sure.
Because within that whole swing, yeah, there's nothing stopping you from accumulating right after that and turning into reacquim to push higher. Exactly, because that's what I was saying. If we look at the 4-hour, even if you break it, but now with displacement, you come down in here, you could just come up and just take out those highs.
Somebody said, Casper, what pairs do I trade after London closed? Preferably nothing. I think that, I mean, if anything though, I'll take a PM trade on indices between 130 and 230. That's the latest. And then for Tokyo, you could trade like GJ or UJ. But even then, I think they move better in New York session in London. But Bitcoin, honestly, it's probably your best bet.
Bitcoin moves like sometimes crypto moves fucking crazier in Tokyo than anything, you know there for a while It was like all Tokyo like here. Let's look
Yeah, in this area, we were expanding during Tokyo often, which usually because Bitcoin moves with indices, you're going to see New York is going to be where the movements are. One thing you could do, too, that I actually wanted to do recently, because somebody asked me the same question, what you can do is you can get this indicator, the Forex Market Sessions. You can go to the settings and put the range. So you could say, I think it's this setting.
No, it's not that so okay now you can do the there's a way to make it where it shows the pips I think yeah pips right here so what you could do is just like figure out the session you can trade in and Go back over like a month or two months time add up like get a spreadsheet I'll make one column the amount of pips and then just get do the the Functions where you could find a mean of it like find the average
And then just, you know, add them all up and then one divide them by the number of cells. And you could figure out like you take a bunch of pairs and say like, OK, which ones move best during Tokyo? Because Tokyo is fickle. Like you can definitely get some moves in Tokyo. And, you know, of course, the go to is to watch, you know, Asian pairs like, you know, Australian or Australian dollar. You can watch.
you know you are uh usdjpy gj ej stuff like that but that would be like the technical way to do it so that's what i would do if i traded tokyo um also i'm glad the stream is good and you're welcome for gold which level am i looking for buying i'm looking to sell gold but um
Is it coming down? I mean, we talked about this a while. Kind of just wasn't paying attention to gold for something. I was shorting it up in here. You can see, I think I just moused over something. But, I mean, I think gold, you know, I want to say the fucking weekly equal lows, but I don't know. I think JP Morgan will just wait until it gets one pip away and then fucking mark it by 10,000 lots. But I...
I would look for sales really coming into this imbalance. We're getting close to where you could see some short-term buying, which would be this imbalance for me. That low, under $17.54, I'd look for the four-hour to show some form of bullish desire to go higher. Where I would look is probably this imbalance right here above these highs. But after that, carnage continues. That's fine. I think it took out those equal highs. It did. Nice.
Overall for indices, I mean, another thing too, we went over this in the beginning of July when we had the stream talking about why I thought this quarter was going to be bullish. And we went over everything from T-bonds to the monthly price delivery. And we went over that. I think I did on ES. Let's do it on ES to be better. So we look at ES. You're just looking at a monthly chart.
You know, we'll rewind it back to where we did this.
It was right before that. It was like July 1st, first week of July. I think it was actually the 6th, but you know, you get it. So you look for the most recent pro trend order block. So in this example, you know, and I'm using bodies. So it'd be this candle right here, right? I'm not going to consider that because I need a high volume candle. Now you could also look at this one, whichever one, right? Both of them kind of, this would probably be the clearer one.
So then you want to look left and find a candle that doesn't meet that candle's low, the first down candle, which would be your opposing order block. In this narrative, it would be a bullish order block. And you want to just draw a line on it. So you see that.
What you're seeing is the evidence, I guess, of where the large institutions or market makers are really starting to manipulate price. For instance, here, in this candle, they pushed a buying narrative to induce bulls so they could sell to them all through up here. Now, this is a monthly chart. On a daily chart, this is going to be distribution or four-hour chart. Then what happens is they sell back down.
But, you know, these orders, they're not all mitigated. So there's going to be still buy orders that were never intended to be held where they're, you know, let's just say they're down and, you know, expeditiously off of these buys. But, you know, they were only 20% short or long in order to induce liquidity so they could go 80% short. Right. And they're just going back to the same area. They did that back here. Back here, they were pushing shorts so they could go and.
induce retail liquidity to sell to them so then they could buy so they were 80 percent long here so this is just how you know you can view it on a monthly chart where it's a little cleaner and simpler but after we see price ping pong off these levels also oftentimes it's happening look when is it happening right at the beginning of a quarter look at that october 1st this is it this is the end of um june but july 1st when we
you know start of the new quarter but that there's a reason for that is because these contracts are delivered quarterly so there's gonna be a lot of money moving around at every quarter and usually you'll see a consolidation and then a continuation you'll see expansion for a quarter consolidation expansion which this is a reversal and then you'll see consolidation or a reversal immediately right so we saw
Price moved to the upside pretty quickly. But look where we're at. We're already back up here. So if the narrative is to go down, which I'm not saying it for sure is, but if that's the case, we're going to want to see a bearish narrative start to play out. Guess where else we're at? Well, there was a weekly order block. See how this is where the monthly order block started. Then there was a weekly order block here. This candle.
Now, we also are above equal highs. We're in an imbalance. And that's in the weekly. Same thing in the daily. Above equal highs and an imbalance. Now, I'm not going to say just yet that we're just, you know, it's down only. I don't necessarily think that. We still have a ways to go in this imbalance. And at the end of the day, none of this is for sure. I'm not sitting here telling you that we're for sure going down from 4,300 or 430.
Personally, my level for the S&P 500, since we hit them lows, has been 4,303.50. Rated that liquidity perfectly. It was fucking amazing. We've made it to 4,327.50. People are trying to short it right now, and I'm like, ah, I wouldn't short it. I could see higher up into like this. So if we look at the impulse move right here.
100. We have equal highs up there. Up in this area right here? Equal highs right there, right there. Yep. Yeah. I could see it. What I want to see for a bearish narrative, I could see... So where we're at now, we met one area of liquidity. I could potentially see, unless we get a mad bullish close today, because whenever we're looking at the daily chart, we just want to see...
Are we going to close higher closer? That's all I'm looking for. I'm looking for my bias. So right now we're at a point where it's still decisional. And also notice how clean those equal highs were right where that was.
Whenever we're looking at this, to me, it's still at that point where it's indecisive. It's at a point of liquidity where we don't know. Maybe it just absorbs this and goes higher. Maybe it wants something here. Maybe it wants those highs. Maybe it wants fucking all-time highs. Who knows? But we have to let price show us its hand. That's why I put out on Twitter this week that we wanted to let the indices give us a...
Is that the daily? Huh? Is that the daily? Yeah. Oh, that's nice. Yeah, it's setting up. I already had a daily change of character to the downside. You could respect that high. Oh, yeah, that internal body structure there that was broken. I don't really like to use charges on high time frames. Like literally just the candle, like the one black candle. Oh, just the displacement. Yeah. So if you go down to like a...
I don't know, probably all the way down to like a 15-minute, you'll see a break of swing structure. Oh, yeah, for sure, for sure. Internal swing structure to the downside, indicating that you might be pulling, well, that you are most likely pulling back. Yeah, and like if we do pull back here, the next target I would have is right here. And it's not going to be crazy. And like here's the thing, we might come down, you know, and hit that, and then you maybe left an inbounce right here and a clean high.
Then what happens? We come up, bam, into that imbalance. Then we have lows. And that's how you can start to consolidate and retail is just getting exhausted. And then you'll start to see a true direction. Once all of this internal liquidity has been absorbed and mitigated and these orders have been filled, then you'll start to see the true hand of the market. Are we going for highs or are we going for lows? So then at that point, that's when you can start to really get a bias. That's why it's nothing to rush here with indices, in my opinion.
I'm just worried for one big news event. Fucking news.
Actually, some news can fuck you for sure. We're going to have a high rake. A rake hike. I said a hike rake. I said both words, fucked up and backwards. I didn't watch it, but I've seen that they were talking about a 0.5% hike in September, which September is usually bearish. If I had to sit here and try to guess, I'm probably going to tell you we're going to go down. I'd look for 41.55.
You know, that's just speculation. That's just me going off of my gut, which, you know, what I could really see, though, if I'm trying to think like a market maker, and like, really, what would I see? I could see something just like this, right? Because, okay, induce the bullish narrative, you know, you get that bull flag, and then, you know, absolutely fucking free fall.
I could see that. Now that's me if I'm looking at it from like, if I was able to manipulate this market, that's exactly what I would do. 100%. Because everyone's like, oh, we fucking broke out. We broke out. You know what I mean? Bull flag, bull flag. That's what I'd do. But that's just kind of, that's just all like speculation.
Yeah, I'm probably going to cut it at this. This one, I just, I got to do a meeting at 12. Keep fucking forgetting. I'll sit on stream with everybody and then I'm like, oh fuck, I was supposed to do things. But yeah, as always, I appreciate you guys coming out. We'll be on tomorrow at 5 p.m. Eastern. So that's 5 p.m. New York time. We're going to recap just the entire week. How do we do on our daily bias? We gave it on Monday, which this week was kind of just to wait.
I can't really say much there, except Bitcoin's correct. It's been nice. Every week we've done this. The new stream schedule where Monday we give kind of an outlook. There hasn't been one week where we were wrong. I'll take one last look at Bitcoin for you guys because I know everybody wants to look at it.
I think that you could end up getting a nice opportunity for a trade because if I'm looking at the daily and if I think the candle is going to go down, notice on all these candles that went down, what happened first? We went up. For instance, when we caught that long, that candle probably looked bullish as fuck. Let's just say this candle gets bullish. All these candles, when you're drawing towards something, what are these wicks? We know these wicks are what?
Sweeping liquidity. That's just retail liquidity getting obliterated. So what do we want to see? If we want to get at the best part of the day, we're going to catch the whole move of the day. Where do we want to get in? The top. So what was that candle having to do at that moment? It was bullish. That was a horrible drawing. Ignore that. So that's where you can possibly get these trades. And that comes into where I like this.
that buy side liquidity and that range i could see a push above that i think there's a four hour imbalance up there now it could go higher i'm not saying to tell you that's the area to short the only one honestly i see this as well up here i think there's a 15 minute imbalance right in a premium of that first impulse move where that first redistribution started so you know we also have some highs front running that i've got alerts set for these highs
So lately with me on Bitcoin, it's no raid, no trade. So I'm just kind of cooling. You might see me shoot something out later if we do.
Give some form of sell signals. That's where I'd be on Bitcoin. I'd personally just chill. It's kind of moving very lackluster while indices are moving nicely. We met the target for it and didn't signal anything here, but I just put it out that those equal highs had the interest. It's nice to see that, Matt. But yeah, I'm going to hop off here until tomorrow. I appreciate the fuck out of all you guys coming through.
Um, if you like this on YouTube, you guys that are on YouTube, that helped me a shitload. So yeah, uh, if you need anything, you guys know how to get at me, whether it's Twitter, discord, YouTube comments, however, I'll reply as quick as possible, but I appreciate you guys. Have a good day.
