I'm gonna go ahead and take this trade. It stops right up at the high. Alright, so right now I'm in this trade floating about 32k.
All right, cool. So we had this big leg down this morning. We're now trading right into the edge of this value. And typically what I want to see around this area is a nice rejection of the downside because if sellers are still in control, which they may or may not be, we've had this nice move up, saw buyers step in. Now we want to kind of see where the largest positions were if they're going to be defended. Because if sellers are still in control, once the market reaches up into these areas,
you're going to see the sellers defend and try to absorb these buyers so we want to see if that's happening now a tool like to look at past just regular candles is bookmap now what you can see in bookmap these heat maps you see are just areas where there's a lot of limit orders
And then you're going to see the aggressive buyer stepping in. The goal is what we want to see to simplify this, because I know a lot of people can get really overwhelmed, is you want to see a lot of aggressive buying, a lot of these big green bubbles and price stalling. Because if a lot of people are aggressively buying at a key level, you want sellers to defend, but you see the market stalling, we can use our best judgment to say that cool, passive sellers are going to be trying to absorb these buyers. The way I look at it is in this high volume node, we know that there is a tremendous amount of trading.
and traders positioned in this volume profile now if the market moves to the edge of that then they're going to try to defend that area because they want to defend their positions so if we start to see the market move to this edge and we see a lot of aggressive buying which aggressive means at the market like market buying and you see a lot of retail traders trying to buy this move and then we see passive sellers which are the institutions you know professional traders fading that move then we can look to frame an opportunity around that the high here is going to be
That's 6.93. I like to get my position set up to see if I'm going to be able to have a good trade in terms of risk to reward. Kind of see where I'm at in terms of risk. Keep this closer to that 10,000 mark. Let's see if we can close this candle. I do like seeing a little bit of aggressive selling stepping in here. This is the only real problem area I see over here. So these buyers are going to defend their position. That's where it's going to be.
the more that you see aggressive buying at areas where you want to sell is better if you get a reaction right it's kind of inverse to what most people think most people just want to trade with the market but you kind of want to fade what retail traders are doing another thing to pay attention to as well is notice how there's a lot of limits stacking up above price and not as many below it typically that means that some large market participant is trying to absorb these traders they're trying to create a wall to sell to all of these buyers to hopefully absorb
that momentum and send price downwards yeah i like what we're getting here i'm gonna go ahead and take this trade stops right up at the high i'll leave an open tp i would be watching for scaling out as long as we move down this area down into these areas if we have the profile marked out we can kind of see that there is a little bit of lower volume and some issues here i would say this is where i'd really want to be out fully if we got to that area so typically at this point i'm just letting the trade do its thing sitting right around break even
Not really much has changed. I try not to micromanage. Like once I have set my levels, just kind of let the market do the lifting for me. Taking a look here too, just to kind of give you guys a little bit of interactive learning. Notice which side is rewarded. Meaning when we get aggressive selling, what is happening here? I want to get aggressive buying all through this. Price is moving up. Like this gets rewarded. This gets rewarded, but we start to halt. These are not rewarded, right? You sell.
downwards price action, sell downwards price action. And finally, these buyers get exhausted and they're also getting absorbed by all the limits. And then we start to see a large amount of selling going on. And then when this happens, price actually reflects it. So that can tell you price's sensitivity based on who's in control. Because if there is a balance, we want to see that shift to one side clearly.
And if there's an imbalance of sellers, every time you see aggressive selling, you're going to see aggressive market movement. That's literally how the markets work. That's how assets are priced. So understanding this gives you a huge edge over just trading price action patterns alone. Whenever you combine this with what we see here, these market structure shifts, the market halting at key levels, it can become extremely powerful. So hopefully this is helpful to you guys and simplifies this tool. A lot of people overthink this stuff, but it's really not that complicated. We're floating about 14K right now.
what i like to do in these situations is start to look at a how i can decrease risk or b how i can start to scale out but i do think it's important to pay attention to what the market's giving you don't just scale out because you see big numbers right you have to be able to weather the storm if you want to see even bigger numbers what i see here too
is where did this imbalance start right right on this 657 area and then we saw a lot more sellers step in at this 621 area so what i like to do then see if i can find any areas in price that kind of reflect this as well and see if there are any opportunities to bring up risk so again remember those levels we had around the average of 656 and 621 but typically i like to give myself a little bit of space and if you notice right here 656 is right near our entry so at this time i would just be moving my stops to entry
I don't want to be aggressive here and get out of the trade too early. Yes, it is a lot of floating profits and maybe I close it if we get more reason to, but I don't want to just close the trade based on seeing a big number. That is not how you should operate. You'll never be able to make big numbers like that. And you have to get used to stomaching. Sometimes things retracing a bit. Sometimes things not going your way for the entire trade. It's nice to see these explosive moves like we got, but what's more important is how you manage them. So now we're floating about 25K on this trade.
I'm going to go ahead and move my stops up to this level right here. Now we are kind of getting into that area where I don't really want to see the market move too much more in the opposite direction because we have kind of hit one of our first problem areas, which was that low of the day. If we're going to see an aggressive move, we want to see this continue to be squeezed. At these points, I'm kind of just letting the market do its thing. I've got my stops moved up. I'll even leave this because if we do get some kind of really big move or momentum, I'll watch very closely for an exit here.
but just kind of giving us some room in case we do get another big flush. But as we can see here, the market's starting to pause a little bit. There's some buyers stepping in. Again, we want to make sure that we're protecting our positions. We've got our stops up at this 530 level right here. I'm about to go ahead and move them down to the 500 area. This would be really aggressive here. So I'm going to put them at 5015.
All right, so right now I'm in this trade floating about 32k. This is a really good day for me. I'm just transparently I did lose a little bit of money before this so I'm only up 24k on the day as you can see over here. I do want to be transparent. There is loss and risk in trading but I've got my stops moved up. I might get exited out of this. If we do, we end the day up a little over $20,000 and I can give like a little walkthrough of how I do it. Essentially what I'm looking for
I'm just watching where in the market the smart money, so to speak, or the institutions are at play. And I use a tool called Bookmap to do that. So if you look right here, essentially, you can see where a lot of people are trying to sell and a lot of people are trying to buy. Typically, what you want to do is actually the opposite of what most people do. And you want to see where a lot of people on the retail side, meaning traders kind of like me or people that aren't working on Wall Street, you want to see what they're doing.
And a lot of times they might be buying a lot. But if the market's not reflecting that, it's not making big moves, that means that some larger market participant is selling to them. So you want to see opportunities like that happen at areas where typical, you know, most people would want to buy. That's kind of my logic in trading. Very simple. Obviously, you can learn a lot more to it. But that is kind of the name of the game is just fading the herd, right?
But we've got our stops moved up meaning we've removed risk of the trade turning around on us So at worst this thing can come back just a couple dollars and there we go We're out of the trade now. We just made about thirty thousand dollars in that trade end of the day with twenty one thousand dollars and Four hundred and thirty in profits. So not a bad day if you ask me So today this crew came all the way from the United Kingdom
out here to Tennessee to see a day in my life. But really, they wanted to see a little bit more than that because they're building this whole rags to riches documentary that they want to get put on Netflix. And they found my story online and reached out to me because they want to see a little bit more behind the scenes of how I got here. I'm going to take them to my hometown. We're going to do a bunch of cool stuff. And honestly, I'm super excited for it because a lot of you guys may only see the lifestyle. You may only see me making money trading.
Kind of like today where you just watch me make 30K. But I want to be crystal clear. Life was not always this good. In case you didn't know already, I made a lot of mistakes when I was growing up and had a pretty rough time. Got into a lot of trouble. And before I lived a life that you guys see, things were a lot different. We're going to go into that with them. I'm going to tell my full story, take them all the way back to my hometown where everything started, and give them a taste of what my life looks like now.
So as we are back in my hometown riding around, looking at my old house, the old neighborhoods that I used to run around in, it's kind of a crazy feeling. Because whenever life's moving really fast, like it has been these last couple of years, it's easy not really to forget where you came from, but you kind of forget how it makes you feel and all the stuff that you had to go through in order to get to where you're at. So coming back here, seeing all this stuff just takes me back to another time when I was a different person.
It feels good because I know that that person would be proud of me who I am today. Hell, they probably wouldn't even believe you if you said that I would have done everything that I've been able to do. Because back then, times were a lot different. My average day-to-day would look something like waking up, smoking some weed, and then going out and getting into some kind of trouble. But it just goes to show, it literally does not matter where you came up from.
who you are, what you're struggling with, or what mistakes you've made, if you truly apply yourself and lock in, you can make something of yourself. So let this be an example and motivation for you guys to do the same. Because if somebody as fucked up as I was could get to where I'm at now, any of you guys can do it too. Going through my old neighborhood was pretty cool, but being in my old high school was kind of weird.
I don't know. I haven't been here since I graduated and I wasn't even really here all that much when I went here because I was a total delinquent and skipping school all the time. But it is kind of cool to come back here. Sometimes I wonder if any of my old teachers know or have any idea of what I'm doing now. I'm sure a lot of them probably think that I'm in trouble or in jail by now based on who I was back then. Or maybe they think that I just didn't really make anything of myself. I don't know.
I doubt that they would even guess in their wildest dreams of what has actually happened. All right, so we are over here at my old high school, funny enough, doing this documentary. It feels so, it's so weird, man. Just a crazy feeling how far life's come, especially all the trouble and stuff I was getting in back then. I thought that was going to be my ticket out. Ironically enough, it was almost my ticket out in another way. But, you know, all the lessons I learned growing up and all the...
Things that I did, all the mistakes that I made, I truly attribute my success to that. Because when you come from nothing and you've made every mistake in the world and you weren't supposed to make it, when you get that opportunity to make it, you put your foot on the gas and you never let up. And you're more hungrier than anybody around you. You're going to get it in a different way than anybody else even can because they're motivated off of lust, off of wanting more. But whenever you come from something like I did, you're just motivated from fear of getting back into it.
and fear of everybody being right about you and fear of your parents having to look back like damn my kid failed you know my parents had to think that like i'll never forget whenever i had to call them from jail when i got in trouble and my mom like screaming and dropping the phone to them out today fast forward all these years later she's about to have to do an interview for a documentary about how things turned out good it's just crazy
All this stuff feels kind of weird. I mean, I've got this documentary crew out here setting up to interview my mom and dad. And, you know, for me to do content doesn't really feel weird. I'm used to it. But I see my mom and dad do it. Honestly, what is going on? Like, what is life came to where this is even happening? And I think it's a cool moment for them, too, because there was a time where they probably wondered what was even going to happen to me.
So whenever I was planning this whole thing out, one of the things that they told me is they wanted to get just an inside the day in the life look of what I actually do. And sometimes whenever I wind down, I go out to the cigar lounge. So I decided to rent out the venue there. That way we could have our own space. And then he told me that he doesn't smoke cigars. So this is going to go one of two ways. One, he's either going to love cigars or two.
He's going to hate them and he might puke. I'm leaning a little bit more towards number two. I doubt you won't stroke. Yeah, I doubt you won't stroke. I would say for you, though, if I were you, I would literally just go with, most likely just a regular Davidoff. I'd probably get a Toro Churchill. This is like the basic mild cigar, so I'd go with that. This is the Churchill? Yeah, they're both Churchill's. You're giving me this because I'm British? Yeah, bro. Of course. That's why I said you guys stay over here, bro. Davidoff's fire. Do you know any history behind cigars? Define history. Right.
how they was invented, why they're invented, why they're a thing, what made them popular or anything? I just smoke them. I smoke them and I know which ones are good. Fair enough. I want to hit it very lightly. So you kind of suck a little bit, basically. Yeah, you smoke it, but you're not inhaling. Okay. So you're just like sucking through a straw. But like real lightly, so it's like...
until it gets an even smoke because if you do it too fast it will ruin it. I mean it's not like don't overthink it but like you know if you smoke it too fast it'll get like nasty. You're like an A on it though. Try not to. Yeah you're an A on it. So like imagine if you- It's hard not to go straight off my nose. Because you're breathing. You got it like a- I don't tissue.
I wouldn't spit in there. There's a trash can too. Mission abort. Mission abort. It goes straight up my nose. You want to think of it like... It's going straight up my nose. Did you ever do smoke tricks when you were a kid? No, I never smoked one. That's an American thing. Is it out? Is it done out? No, you can keep up. Hey, the first cigar is not too bad.
so now you're good just smoke it now so like do the same thing but not like just like hit it better there you go there we go
Yeah, let's take them back. Uh-huh.
My assistant is lining up a dinner on the yacht at Kiki, so that'll be pretty sick. Excited for that.
but really what i'm excited for we just got a liquidity sweep with a fair value gap chat should i take another trade today or is that over trading we started off the day strong let me make this private jet free we already did technically just by a little bit yeah i don't know if i trust this wi-fi enough i've had some not fun times trading on wi-fi so we're gonna play a little game i'm gonna show you a chart and i want you to comment if it's going up or going down by the end of the day and one of the winners screw it three of the winners will win a
Apex challenge will give you a three-way and then one lucky winner will win a thousand bucks. Fuck it, why not? All right, so here is the one-hour chart. Give you guys a little more context. We'll see. Came out and took out this range. What do you think? Do you need to see more? Let's see on a four-hour chart. Cue the Jeopardy music. There we go. 15-minute looks a little suspect.
Cox's a little suspect. Up or down? Now you got an actual look at the market. We got the volume profile up now. So now you can get a real look and you can kind of see. Now, if you guys don't know how to use the volume profile or the stuff that we used earlier in the trading that you guys watched, doing a free live class on February 15th. If you want to sign up to join, you can do that down in the description.
Now I will be transparent and let you know you don't have to sign up to join. But if you do, you get this workbook where it's going to give you an ebook teaching you everything about volume profile. And then something that you're going to be able to follow along during the live class to make sure you get the most out of it. So I'll leave a link in the description for that below.
and trading is one of the things like you need to be motivated by the fact that you understand if you stay motivated to the process like you're doing everything right that you'll be able to make a lot of money but i think the more important thing is like what are you going to do with that money because whenever i traded for years and all i wanted to do was just get rich i never like did well but whenever i was trading from a state of like this is the only chance i have this is the only choice i have in order to make money then it was like okay cool all bullshit aside i gotta lock in what are that habits i need to fill form
what kind of person I need to become. And then you actually start getting motivated, not so much to trade, but like to become a good trader, to follow the processes. And I think that you have to consistently remind yourself about why you have to have some bigger purpose or it will become boring because at the end of the day, man, money is everything when you don't have it. But once you have it, money really doesn't change that much. Like once you get to a certain level past, like I'd say like 10K a month, 20K a month, most of the immediate needs.
are fulfilled yeah of course there's higher levels for sure you unlock different things but you have to change what your motivation is at every level because at first it's just like survival that's the most powerful one but that's also why a lot of people get a little bit they just kind of chill there you know what i mean so you have to find a new thing like you know maybe it's retiring your parents maybe it's doing usually it's for other people that's one thing i've found is at this point man like i could just stop doing what i'm doing and just chill just throw into an investment account live off the path like just chill but
I don't ever see myself doing that. I see myself doing different things. You know, maybe not doing the same things I think I'm doing now forever, but it's always just about, like, making sure there's some kind of deeper meaning to what you're doing, you know? So, the main reason we're headed to Miami is because we're doing this conference. Like, can you give the people at home, I know it's a very exclusive event, so we can't bring the cameras in there, but, like, can you give them a little talk about what you're going to be talking about? Yeah, yeah. So, Jeremy Maine, shout out Jeremy. He's the GOAT.
Um, it's more of like business stuff. So I'm going to go in there and break down how I do the business side of things. And it's going to be fun. I don't really have much plan. In fact, I have nothing planned, but I like speaking publicly. I like, I think it's important to just do it off the cuff. Like I have a structure in my head, you know, Amber's going to kill me because I'm supposed to have a plan. She probably has a backup plan. I'm going to be speaking with one of my business partners, Amber, but yeah, long story short, we're going to be doing that. It's going to be fun though. It'll be all good.
Diplomatic immunity, fuck em. All that peace and that unity, all that weak shit'll ruin me, fuck em. Yeah. Cause niggas started talking to me like I'm slowing down. Opinions over statistics, of course.
So after the private jet and making all this money trading earlier and coming to this villa, usually these things don't really matter.
because after you've had the cars and the watches and the lifestyle for a long time, it kind of just feels normal. But after going back to my hometown,
and really putting myself in my shoes of when I was younger and remembering what that was like, it definitely hits a little different. Because I know that that younger version of myself, if you would have told him that this was what was in store for him, I wouldn't have even believed you. But one lesson still holds true. Because now that I have all these things that I used to want, it's more about the love of the game and the chase and the next target that keeps me going.
There has to be at least one area where you've gotten comfortable and you could be pushing yourself. And again, that was the most value that I've got out of this inner circle, that I've got really out of anything. Because once you know how to do it, everybody here, if you're in this room, you know enough. You know enough to get to the point where you're at. It's just a matter of shifting your mind and leveling up and taking risks. That's really all it is. And you've got to say, fuck it and figure out. Sure, you might lose, you might fail, but I damn sure guarantee you're going to do a lot better living that way.
than just staying complacent.
Cool now it takes some questions I gotta say I really and I mean really enjoy speaking on a stage now I would say there was probably like I don't know a hundred something people nothing insane But even that gives you a little bit of a rush Especially after I got done and people were texting me or coming up to me saying that it motivated them I don't know there's just something about that that hypes me up So one day I want to speak on a way bigger stage and I'm setting that goal right now publicly and earlier today before I spoke Jeremy spoke
And he was talking about these cycles that nearly everybody goes through and what happens to people when they get stuck. You see, most people have these nice periods of expansion where they do really well and then they get all this newfound responsibility. And with that newfound responsibility, they stop taking risks. Now, maybe this is your family. Maybe it's some kind of job. Maybe it's new money you've made that you feel like you need to invest. Whatever it is, you have to make sure.
that you are consistently putting your back against the wall, or as Jeremy likes to say, putting your balls on the table and forcing yourself to go into that state of mind, which is similar to when you're broke. And I know this firsthand because the only reason I was even able to come up is because I hit rock bottom. The only reason that I ever even changed from the person I was then to who I am now was not because of motivation.
It was because I was running from something that I was afraid of. You have to understand this and you have to recreate the situation no matter how successful you get.
So we got everybody together for this last night while we're here. And we're going to have dinner on the boat. And it's pretty cool. As I'm making this video, which is my favorite video that I've made in a while.
I don't know if this will go viral or not, probably won't, but I've had fun making it because I personally have not met many people who made as many mistakes as I did as I was growing up. But yet, here I am, living a life that once I only dreamed of. So I want you guys to realize, no matter what you're going through, no matter who you are, no matter where you're from, no matter what you've messed up, that you too can do exactly what you see me do. I'm not special. I just hit rock bottom.
And I had real motivation, real fear that everything was going to be ripped away from me. And that fear is the only thing that smacked me into shape. That is the only reason that I did everything that it took in order to get to this point. It wasn't because of motivation. It wasn't because I had a dream. It was because I was afraid. I was afraid of the life I used to live. I started to want to run away from everything that I had been, everything that I had done. And that was the motivation that got me here today. And after I've made this video, after I've put all this together, I got to say.
I'm more motivated than I've been in a long time. So I hope this video has the same impact on you that the talk at Jeremy's had on me. And it makes you push yourself to the next level to put your back against the wall consistently and see what you're really made of. Or as Jeremy likes to say, put your balls on the table.
