What's up? What's up?
I'm getting better at remembering to take the little logo off my YouTube. I used to sit there and leave it on forever. But yeah, I figured I might as well just do this TA with you guys because I wanted to sit down and I haven't really just kind of scanned the market as a whole in a while. I've kind of just been focusing on the majors because there for a while, I mean, and still it's kind of like this. We are seeing really everything depend on Bitcoin and Ethereum.
More so Bitcoin. But now that we're kind of range locked, I think there's a lot more opportunities than just these small watch lists. So if you guys have any requests at all, any coin, I mean, like literally if it has, I'll do any coin, preferably something that has futures because I'm really not messing with equity on anything right now. I think that.
Personally, I'd rather trade futures just for macroeconomic reasons. And, you know, I may swing some trades, but I want to get my money from the market, not really put my money in the market. So, so limits. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, I looked at that after you. And thank you for always using this actual stream chat, Papa Schmuck, because that makes it way easier for me.
I didn't even know that was a thing until recently. And for those of you on YouTube, I'm talking about on our Discord server. What is this? Fucking 8X. Oh, man. I honestly forgot about 8X. I still have some of that shit. It's like not that much. What is it talking about? They're talking about NFTs or something? They're partnering with Ego.com, an up-and-coming decentralized creative realm for artists and collectors.
uh some some kind of nft on cardano sounds like who knows might be something i wouldn't buy anymore personally personally but mechanical keyboard i know it's loud as what was the yes soul was what i was doing um i think evo's been looking at waves pretty heavy i haven't like i guess i was saying before is i haven't really looked at much this has been my like
Well, yeah, it's a Ponzi. It was a Ponzi, though. I mean, I'm not saying it won't run, but there's a reason. I would never expect it to go to all-time highs again. I mean, you can expect moves, but, you know. Yeah, I'm about to go over a bunch. Actually, just hold on. I'm reading something. I just got a text from somebody. It's important. Give me two seconds. Enough gambling? On what? Steak or something? Oh, yeah. I'm pretty sure they, in downtown Dijon, they'd be, like, smacking shit worldwide.
yeah i know i kind of wanted i used to bet on nfl like every season this is actually the first year i didn't but i don't ever bet on anything but football yeah i need to do it honestly right yeah no i can tell just by all the fucking you know i mean there's the proofs in the in the wins because i was well i mean i don't like i said i don't even gamble and i was like god this is gonna make me whip out the port i actually have a buddy who runs like a a fucking um
Yeah, yeah, like an offshore one, and they actually have a fuckload of volume. I was talking about it, and he was like, yeah, man, this is the books. But they put lines of credit out to people and shit. You can only get into the invite, but I was just like, damn, you guys make me want to gamble again. Yeah, it's just like, I don't know. But it's all people from all over the place, so I'm like, damn, I'm sure they get burned a lot. But I know there's a system.
Yeah, parlays are... They can be good. I used to always do a one-week parlay. On some dumb shit, I would put... With NFL, I'd do... I don't know how to explain it. Basically, just some crazy home run shit. Seven-fucking-leg parlay. I'd usually hit one a season that would pay for all the ones I lost. I'm talking like 50 bucks type shit. But with Soul here...
Honestly, I don't know. If we look at the four-hour, first of all, it has a huge down here. I think it's daily demand.
Let's see. This is why I looked for longs yesterday. Oh, yeah. I think I was weekly, actually, is what it was. Yeah, weekly demand right there. And we can refine this. We probably will see. I wouldn't say probably we could see price come all the way down. You could refine it to these last candles, the red candles, or the last candle. Wait. Sorry. I didn't mean to have my control hit. But, you know, you could refine all the way down there, there, here, here. You know, and we're in this zone. But usually each time once we come into – somebody said can't hear you. I don't think that's my thing.
is anthony said he can't hear me where did he say that as in the stream chat oh i don't know what to to tell you um but uh how do i get to that stream chat shit i'm like a fucking noob with discord like how do i not know that go to is it under voice chat oh there it is open chat or maybe he's not even in there
I got an alert that he said that, but I don't know where it was. Anyways, you know, so we had came to this weekly demand. So yesterday when we came into it initially, we had this, you know, the whole market and we saw this with indices and Bitcoin. This is like a classic smart money concept or ICT setup. You ran these lows and then we saw signs of reversal. So you went for the opposing liquidity. Now that this I like this more.
than i do now because this was you know we played well some of us played bitcoin on the way up and then here we came back down at this point you know once we got our break of structure on the uh
15-minute. We came up and broke the high that made this new low. We're shifting to a bullish trend. Now, this was a little riskier because we're in a bear market overall. On the higher timeframes, we're bearish. We can't say otherwise until we break above these highs. So it was a counter trend trade. And it played out nicely. But you could see it was short-lived. It didn't even take the second high. For instance, if this were to remain bullish,
And this is why you can wait for those double confirmation entries. We would have wanted this high to be taken because, you know, in order for this to be a weak high, it can't really make a new low. Now, it hasn't done that yet because your overall swing structure has not changed. Wherever this wick is, I think it's down there all the way up to here is really your swing structure. I already have driven, I didn't realize. But now we came back down to this demand. And this is, you know, you could say we did come back to demand on the 15 minute down here.
So at that point, once we return to origin again, but really, I think that the real demand was in this main candle right here. That's where we saw the big push. And we saw that reaction there, but it wasn't necessarily the strongest reaction. It didn't even get here, which could just show overall weakness in our immediate bias. But then we come back and we come to this lower demand. You can refine it all the way to the wick, even at this point.
yeah it came all the way down to the wick so at that point we go to the one minute and here it's really not the prettiest price action but you know we have we come here you have your breakup structure there
and then you can look to play the demand that sponsored this. Now, this is just ugly price action. Now, you could have played it and you came up nicely. Usually, I don't want all this on a one-minute. I mean, structure is structure. So you change character on the one-minute in that 15-minute POI. So if you're more aggressive, you could look for longs. Preferably, if you were trying to decide a POI during this kind of choppy price action, what I would like to do usually is I would have looked.
at one that had not been fully mitigated and also was under a low. So if you look here, you could look at these lows right here. You could look at that as liquidity. So once we sweep liquidity and we take out that sell side, you're removing selling interest from the market. You could use that as more of a confluence to use that zone. And you can also use equilibrium if you really want to be precise. And you can see that gave the best entry there. Now, once that happened,
Wait actually hold on this what you would have been early playing this this would have been playing an internal so this would have been sorry This is what I was looking at earlier that I didn't like about it Because really we want to play this demand that sponsor the breakup structure here We had our internals change of character down here because we were making you know if we're using internal structure Right here was where we started to make those higher highs instead of lower highs
But let's draw this over here. That would actually give you a better entry than waiting for the confirmation. But once we got this confirmation, you see we came back down to it. And this is why using double confirmation can be better at times. Because if you play this original...
you know return to origin when we're playing these change of character and you're trying to catch that um higher low essentially you want to be able to target this weak high so now if you played here let's see because it ended up i think you ended up actually taking it you could have played the the initial one right here and you ended up you would have targeted the weak high because this high did not make a new low right we came down maybe you got stopped to break even or if depending on how you know um
You manage your trades. You might have got stuff to break even here, here, here. This wasn't really like a fun trade to be in. But if you understand market structure, you probably didn't really care about all this. I'll show you an example with Bitcoin today. But we came back down to this demand. You could have played the trade from here. It'll look something like this. You could have played either the top. You could have played equilibrium. That's all up to you. Stop loss would have been just under this. Targeting the weak high.
Five to one. Nice trade if you'd have taken it. But to me, that's where the better trade was because then you look and then on our second break of structure here, this is where price structure kind of gets ugly in my opinion. So we got that break of structure.
Right? So you got your second break of structure here. Now, this is where it was like, you know, you could have looked for this to be the demand that pushed you up and broke this. I mean, in my opinion, you would have looked right here because this was the last zone of demand that pushed up and sponsored that break of structure. But it's like, what do you do with that? Like, I'm not playing that. Even if you play equilibrium, the risk reward was dog shit. You didn't even get...
tapped in if you played equilibrium and if you traded i mean what do you what will your what your trade have looked like this i mean like come on your target has been this high just not you just wouldn't have taken it so that's where i'm kind of like at that point you know i was you know when i was doing tn this earlier i was like i'll wait for more um really at this point what i would like is that second break of structure um
on the 15 minute, which we really haven't gotten. And when you look at it, you know, depending on how you draw swing structure, let me go to the USDT chart because I've already annotated this so much. You know, here was your initial break of structure right here. At this point, your swing range is this right here.
You haven't made a lower low, but if it were me, I would wait for something like this. A push up, and you get that second break of structure. And then you could look for that POI wherever that demand ends up being. And then you come down, wait for your price to reach it. Now, depending on what kind of trader you are, you either take a trade there using the 15-minute, or you wait for one-minute confirmation, that change of character, and then you take that POI there. Bam.
and then you target that weak high. That would be what I would personally wait for. Technically, we're still bullish here, but it seems kind of weak to me. We're looking at the 15-minute. I wouldn't short this by any means yet, but if you look, see us forming maybe a potential little three drive on the way up.
Yeah, I wouldn't short it, though. I will say that. But that's what I would wait for in order to long again. Be that second break of structure and just play the same setup that we had yesterday on Seoul.
which was over here. And you can see that even this wasn't necessarily ready because really, ideally, you would have wanted us to take out that weak high on this price swing. It just shows that we're not really that strong yet. And this is where those double confirmation entries can be your friend. Now, you could have scalped the one minute down here and targeted this weak high like we just showed. But if you're trying to get in that bigger move, we're going to wait till the 15 minute really gives us that confirmation that we're bullish.
Oh, yeah. Somebody said some AI moon birds. That shit's crazy, bro. I love how I just stopped. Oh, wait. Why is silent suppressed? Hold on. I unmuted you, silent. I don't know why you were muted. I guess maybe I unmuted Salvador, too. I don't know if he knows it or not, if you're listening.
But yeah, that's really where I'm at for Sol. I like it overall, but I would rather wait for that because I'm not really a big fan of all this. It's just not very strong. But, you know, using the high timeframes, we are sitting on that demand, 4-hour demand as well. We're coming deeper into that demand. So you might get that strength, you might not, but that's what I would wait for. One coin I wanted to start off with was BNB.
Um, if you look at the four hour on BNB, I mean, it's the only coin that the only major, I should definitely print out the only coin, but, um, this is really where I see, you know, an actual shift in high timeframe trend. And I'm going to wait until I get, you know, a second closure. Cause you look, if you look, yeah, we got a second break of structure, but for these high timeframe, it was, especially with the condition of the market, you know, I'm not really, um,
going to be buying this up here or really confirm that we're bullish till we get that second move up. And I don't think that this is going to be the end of your pullback, but I will say BNB is looking better than most majors. We came up and we actually got that closure above this high. Now we've got our higher high, but we didn't get a closure above that new high. So usually what I wasn't yet.
No, I wouldn't. I would watch. Here's the thing, though. You know, if we are doing high time frame analysis, we want to make sure that we look out at the daily and weekly. And the one thing I will say that I don't like is we do have a lot of sell side liquidity. We form some equal lows down here. So you could be engineering liquidity to the downside. But I will say the four hour is, you know, if you're on by candle closures, I mean, we did close a candle, you know, very briefly. But, you know.
No matter what you look at, I mean, we got that change of character on the four hour. But, you know, after that, we can expect a retracement. Now, where to? I mean, I had this marked up. Just, you know, we did retracement. This is not where I would necessarily look to go long. And the reason being is that we don't want to buy for a premium. You know, you probably could catch some intraday moves there. But if you look, we're pretty far in premium of the price swing. So where we want to look? Well, we want to look down.
discount and you also can say look at this we've got that fair value gap there so we can use this as our point of interest or this is what I would use as my high time frame point of interest right there
Not necessarily. That's what I'm going to get to next. Now, whenever we trade, like recently we've been shorting and it's been like, you know, pro trend. So it's been pretty, you know, no brainer. The shorts have been much more satisfying than the longs. But here you do have to short with the perspective that you're just playing a pullback. So you would take profits more aggressively. I wouldn't try to short it all the way just down to here. You know, you're probably going to get a, you know, whenever you're playing.
um counter trend you're gonna get like a very jagged price action you're gonna get a lot of false signals it's not gonna be just a straight shot like you know if you're playing with the trend this i actually want to put this because glacier was talking about this you know this is where early longs will get faked out you just engineered some liquidity here
And that will most likely get taken. And if you're using candle closes to map your structure, technically, you would consider this a weak high still. Because yes, we did get a higher high. But like I said, if you're using closures, this could have just been a liquidity grab. So you wouldn't consider that your higher high. So with that being said, if a low doesn't make a high, then it's a weak low. So how can we...
Attack this well from the four-hour we can use our internal structure or you can move to the 15 minutes you swing structure But I want to use this example. So if we have Here's our low and we come up and here's our high Now we haven't made a new low why because no candle has pushed through the previous candles high But once that happens we'll have a new low for instance say if it just happens right here and price does this Price comes up in this next candle oops wrong tool. I don't want that
Say if price comes up, pushes down, and then breaks that low, then you have a change of character on the internal structure of the four hour, and you could start to look for shorts, but I don't see it yet. We need to really, you know, let's look at the 50 minute. I haven't really scaled in here yet.
so i mean if you look at the 15 minute this is just straight manipulation because early shorts got fucked because like you know for instance you waited here and people said okay well we have supply in this candle or in the top candle whichever one you got stopped out unless you waited and there really wasn't a trade but um
So you had that 15 minute point of interest. Press came into it. Early shorts got completely fucked. But the reason being was because people didn't fail to realize that you just came into this area of demand in the four hour and changed character on the 15 minute. Came down, made a low right here. So you've got a high. You took that high. So now we're bullish on the 15 minute. So there's no reason to short yet. So if we're looking at this as our 15 minute range.
We're going to look for, you know, we can look for signs of a pullback. Now, you know, you can do the same thing we were just doing the four hour. We could use internal structure. And this is where you can get more aggressive with it. And, you know, this is where it comes to be, you know, a person by person thing. Like, what's your strategy? But you could look at it like, okay, well, we made a low here. All right, right here. And then.
Seems like we made another low. Here's your high, here's your low, here's your high, and then look at that. You've got that internal change of character. Now on the one minute, this probably was a break of structure.
And this all goes back to how aggressive you are. I mean, you know, theoretically, if you took shorts here, if you waited, oh, here's this, we saw that change of character where you, you know, you're above, you came above an old high and also in the four hour, you're pretty extended. So you could say you might expect a pullback soon. So once you get that change of character, depending on how aggressive you are, I mean, you know, if you, you could even just played a 15 minute fair value gap here. I mean, I wouldn't have done that, you know, but you could have, and you would have.
Ended up coming up big. So let's just mark this. That's your change of character. Let's go down to the one minute.
There you go. There's your break of structure. And you could have, you know, however you looked at it, you could go in and play fair value gaps. Personally, I wouldn't have taken this. I don't really like trading that aggressively, especially, you know, with the only coin that's showing strength in the market. It's not really how I would have taken it. But, you know, if you attacked it that way, you won. But at this point, you know, we can say that this pullback is beginning. Like here was our price swing. And here's really where that pullback began.
Now, you know, there's going to be tons of changes of characters in here. We might see a bullish change of character. And for instance, we did right here. So let's just say, came here, you made a new high, then made a lower low, then you made a new high. I don't think this, I mean, you made, this is your low, but let's see. Let's make that high.
Low. You did not make a higher high. I don't know. Let's just see because it does matter if you're precise. The highest candle was 333.3. 333.32. So, you know, that's not going to be a higher high. You know.
You look right here, we came back down, price breaks to the previous candle, breaks to the previous candle, and so on, all the way down to here. And this is probably somewhere in here where you're going to get that bullish change of character. This, or sorry, this one. Then you have your high, low, high. Oh, look at that.
you had a bullish change of character and then here's all the people coming in like oh this is you know where we long you know we just had our change of character the pullbacks over but what people fail to realize is that for one you're you're not in any kind of point of interest so you know just because you have these changes of character doesn't really mean shit this is like like i said a 15 minute change of character on the internal structure is going to be like a one minute break of structure so are you going to scale into the one minute
and wait for the first break of structure and then say, oh, the pullback's over? Of course not. It just doesn't make sense. But people that are trying to force their perspective onto the market probably did that at some point. Maybe they scalped it the correct way. Now, don't worry, there was trades there. If you know what you're doing, you could have traded up in a supply, but you wouldn't have been targeting much more than that. And they're not going to be a very good move. You're almost forcing it. And everybody's strategy is different. Like I said, some people ate off of it. I wouldn't have really paid any mind.
Because even looking at the 15-minute swing structure, you're not in a point of interest, and you're also not in discount. So we want to look at it like it's just common sense. You don't want to buy for a premium. You don't want to sell at a discount. So the more patient trader is going to wait until we come down to, I don't know, maybe one of these POIs in here that's in discount. And then you see that change of character. And that's where you're going to say, maybe with a little more,
confidence and being a little more rational that that's really where the pullback is beginning. You know, you can also use liquidity with this. You could say probably forming a trend line right here. You've got trend line liquidity. You've also got liquidity under this low. I wouldn't really call these relatively equal. And then you've got this fair value gap here.
Not much, but it's there. And I know that you probably think it doesn't matter, but it does. You got to look at it like, okay, if we do come down into this zone, say price comes down, price comes down, cleans that trendline liquidity, cleans those lows, cleans this, you'll probably see somewhat of a reaction. And then you're going to come down into demand, this candle right there. And that's where we would look maybe for a one minute change of character. And you could trade off of that.
that's where you're going to get the better moves rather than trying to play every one of these little, you know, retracements and bounces because yes, this wouldn't work, but I promise you all of them didn't. So that it's an important perspective to have that you want to make sure you're buying at a discount selling for a premium because like we were saying before, if we're looking at our bigger picture, our high timeframe, if we go back on the four hour,
You know, some of you forgot even while we're watching this probably, you know, everybody's thinking less long there, less long there. But you might catch scalp longs. But at that point, you know, depending on if you're more aggressively taking this as a bullish change of character, you're saying, oh, we're bullish now. Like we are bullish now. It's like, you know.
I wouldn't because for one, we've came down, the whole market is really rough. We have macroeconomics that are not on the bullish side for anything. And you're kind of being a little more aggressive, in my opinion, if you were to say BNB is just big bull again. Now, you could be right, but I would want that second closure above this high.
even though we were talking about, you know, on the 50 minute, Oh, once we come down here, you might catch longs, but you know, from the perspective, I would, I would still trim aggressively as we're in a bear market, like as if we were in a bear market, but really we could be looking for a major pullback. So, you know, with this big of a move,
and say this is the first bullish break of structure and we're getting another one, you could come all the way down here. And this is just like what we just looked at, just like we had that fair value gap there, we have the trendline liquidity, and we have that low.
like this. Same thing. Tons of liquidity. Really good example of fractal price. The more I look at it, fair value gap. These fair value gaps are going to help you determine where big money came into the market because it takes a lot of money to push that. And when it's an algorithm, most of the time that are pushing, making these big pushes, they're not buying like this. They didn't buy here with the stop loss here, one play, and they didn't just buy one big order. The way they did it was by spamming
orders into the marketplace, creating an inefficiency between supply and demand. So they were doing this. Bam, bam, bam. Now all those orders probably didn't get filled. And you can assume that a lot of those orders are probably resting within this fair value gap. So if price comes down, we have this trendline liquidity. We have lows. Price comes down, sweeps all that liquidity, comes into that demand. And there's also orders within here.
that's where you're going to be looking for maybe an internal change of character or a 15-minute change of character. And that's where you're going to get those big moves if we are indeed remaining bullish.
So as traders, there's going to be a ton of moves we can capitalize all through this. I'm not saying by any means you have to wait down here to get any longs or that you should short down to here. But what I am saying is you want to keep this in mind because without your high timeframe perspective being correct, you will over and over again make the wrong decisions and wonder what you're doing wrong. When in reality, you're probably not even doing your immediate test.
you know, immediate TA wrong, but you are forgetting the bigger picture. So this is actually a really good example. I'm glad I started with this one, but I do like BNB overall. Now people get confused when I say like, oh, I like BNB. I think it looks strong. But does that mean like I'm going to buy it right here? Not necessarily. It means that I think that it looks better from an overall perspective than other coins do.
So what I would be looking for here is like we said before, I'm not going to short this. I have no intention to short this because why? It goes back again. We do not sell. I mean, you are in premium. I know some of you guys are like, oh, we're in premium, but this isn't the kind of premium I want to sell from. Personally, I think there's a lot better shorts to be had. You know, like why focus on this one than, you know, maybe some shit coin that were overextended.
But what I will do is I'm going to mark or set an alert for when we come into this fair value gap. That'll give me a little extra time instead of just sitting on this demand. And then I will wait for signs of reversal, aka a shift in market structure.
So that's how I would attack this one. And these longs, I would treat them as if they were a counter trend trade. And I would be targeting weak highs along the way and areas of internal liquidity like maybe order blocks or fair value gaps on the way up. I wouldn't target this high. Because remember, this high, most likely since it was just a wick on the four hour, we have to assume that it's a liquidity grab.
Well, you don't have to. That's just how I look at it. You may use Wix for that. That's totally up to you. But I would assume that's going to be your liquidity grab. And I'm sure you guys have seen this pattern before. Whenever coins used to make a new high, they'd make one more high and then dump. It's just inducement is all that is. And I'll give you, here's a good example of that happening right here. So we had, this is much better inducement. We had equal highs. Everybody thought this was resistance in Bitcoin back here.
We were shorting up here. Those of you who've been in here a while, you know that. But everybody thought this was resistance. We were breaking out. But in reality, all you were doing was inducing retail liquidity to enter longs in a zone of supply. You have a breaker block right there. Textbook. Any of you guys who've ever learned anything from ICT, you know exactly why I'm drawing this like that. And this is a good example of inducement of retail liquidity. Back to BNB just to kind of...
Give a summary, you know, on the four hour, we've got a closure above our old swing high. So we can assume maybe we're shifting bullish. And if you are more aggressive, this is, you know, you're a bull here now. We got this other high, which is probably a liquidity grab because we didn't get a closure. So what can we expect? A pullback. Where are we going to expect that to? Somewhere in a discount, preferably an area of demand after liquidity has been removed from the market.
Are we going to just short straight down there? Not necessarily. There's going to be tons of moves to be had. And there's going to be a lot of better shorts, in my opinion, than BNB. That wraps it up there with BNB. I do like... I just use a parallel channel. Yeah.
I used to use rectangles, but it becomes too cluttery. I don't really like a lot of shit on my chart. It just stresses me out. I almost don't even like this kind of stuff, but I still market. But yeah, this is a parallel channel. I haven't been fucking with NFTs, but I know they're popping off. Yeah, I mean, I know that the derivatives for those OK Bears were fucking popping off.
like the not okay bears i know that like those are going crazy then those ai moonbird i don't know actually i think those are eth the ai moonbirds i could be wrong but um yeah it seems like tokyo is pushing price down asia session just opened 40 minutes ago let's look at bitcoin
Yeah, of course. There's going to be a lot better shorts to be had. Bitcoin's looking pretty weak. Like, for instance, in Bitcoin, you got that double breaker structure. I played these longs earlier. Really, I wish I would have taken more profits than I did. I should have taken 75% instead of 50, but I think it stopped at a break even, whatever. But I still, I mean, we haven't been bearish again just yet. I mean, now, if you draw this as a swing, then I guess we have, but I don't look at that as a swing.
But we'll see how that plays out. Seems like Tokyo is definitely pushing price down. They decided to dump. So we'll see if it's manipulation. A lot of times at the beginning of a session, like you'll see with the stock market, the initial run, most of the time is actually the opposite of the move you're going to see for that day. Like, for instance, look at ES. Let's just see. Where was it?
That actually hit nicely. We charted this. Not bad. We charted this. It hit nice. It does it every day, bro. Every fucking day. For instance, let's just look at this right here. There's an example. I thought I annotated it. Spy is just volatile this day. You saw this initial run up, push down really quickly. This actually moved upwards to the day. It was pretty choppy, but it ended up moving upwards. NQ. It opened the stock market.
Yeah. You'll usually see a run on lows or highs. Today's a little different because we had FOMC. The other day, the day before yesterday, look at this. 9.30 opens. What do we do? We fucking dump. Everyone's like, oh my god. I'm shorting. Everybody starts shorting here. The stock market's crashing. You know what I mean? But in reality...
Just retail equities just being induced. Came under here. You waited for a sign of a reversal. You got it right there. What did the stock market do? It went up, went higher. Where did we go? To the highs of the day. This is why indices are very easy to fucking trade. And I almost want to start trading them more than crypto.
you know, very, very easy price action. And they're huge moves. Algo knows this. He plays the fuck out of them. If you're in here, yeah, he's in here. It's like this, like, you know, you could have, you know, wherever you took it. I think we, I actually plotted something out down here. It looks like, yeah, exactly. You know what I'm saying? Every tick's what? 50 bucks, right? Yeah. See, it's like, like right here, even if you took like a very conservative, very conservative trade here, you made five to one in about 20 minutes, but, um,
Yeah, exactly. It's like literally the NQ is so fine. Like, let's just go back. Let's look. I drew this shit before it happened. Like, no, it's not always. Nothing's always for sure.
like for instance right here like right here if anybody tried to but that's why you got to wait for that one minute confirmation and i've learned the fair value gaps work better here like so for instance if you try to do this like let's just say you're like okay here's the low of the day we got we swept it right here you're like oh we swept this happened really quick and that's another thing you gotta watch out for is anything that really happens before like 10 to 10 30 is usually a fake out almost every time on indices
Because the news hasn't came out yet. Like there's a lot of news, financial news that comes out between 10 and 1030. It's also the London close, which does have an impact on this. But for instance, people here.
There wasn't, you can see price came under it and people are like, Oh, you know, even feel that kind of understand this, but really don't understand. This is why it's really important. If you're trying to trade these kinds of concepts, you don't just jump in it off of like, you know, me telling you this, you don't go tomorrow and say, Oh dude, whenever the fucking first low on Nas is broken, I'm longing. That's not what you do. You got to really understand like what, what, what was going on? Cause that's what happens to people like right here. For instance, we broke the long.
I mean, sorry, broke the low. So we long, right? Well, I mean, I guess theoretically, if you longed right here, my guess is if you don't know what you're doing, you didn't take profits here. I wouldn't even long this. You know, yeah, people say, oh, if you longed here, you made money. Yeah, I guarantee most people who longed there didn't know where to take profits and ended up getting stopped at a break even or for a loss.
The reason we wouldn't have taken this is very simple. There's no displacement within the marketplace. See, there's no fair value gaps. And like I was saying before, we use those fair value gaps to identify a big push of money into the market because it takes a lot of money to do that. So here there was none of that. What happened? Price went lower. Then it happened again down here.
People said, oh, this is the low sweep. Because this is around the time it would usually happen. But you didn't have an opportunity. Why? There's no fair value gaps. Nothing. And you can't say this was one. I wouldn't have played that. Because why? We can use these same concepts. Why was that not one? Because in that price swing, you were in premium, so you don't touch it.
Oops. I think I remember drawing this before this happened. Like we were like right here. I was like, this shit's going to die. And then this day was a sell day. Like this day was, you didn't really get a trade probably. Unless you wait until right around 1.30. Because remember, the New York stock market, I'm sorry, not New York stock market, New York standard time around 12 p.m. to 1 p.m. We're going to go on lunch. So there's going to be a lot of volume leaving the market. So then once we come back, if you didn't get a trade in the morning, you can wait until around 1.30 and you play that same setup. Look at this.
What happened? It was around 130. We were actually on the fucking dot this day. And look at that. You came down. Here is your actual trade opportunity. You swept the low. And then what do we have? We have displacement. Bam. Easy as that.
This happens every fucking day. You could have played. The thing about these that I will say, they're usually not as good of risk to reward as some of these, you know, supply and demand flips, this and that. Some people play them right under this candle. Now this one, I mean, you were just crazy if you did because there's literally another fair value gap here.
In hindsight, it's easy for us to chart this and say, oh, that was an easy trade. Theoretically, it kind of was, but at the same time, you had another fair value gap right there.
So, you know, in these situations, what I would have done would have been to wait and treat this like a supplier demand zone. Because whenever we're using, you know, supply and demand, order blocks, liquidity concepts, market structure, you need at least two of them. So here, you know, if I have, you know, we're using a liquidity sweep and also liquidity for an entry. And these are more, they're really not advanced, but I feel like people have more issues with them than most people. But we came down here.
You know, maybe you set limits here and your stop would have been down here. And where would you have been targeting? Weak highs along the way or fair value gaps. So, I mean, really, your first target was a good RR. Like if TP1's at 2.8, that's not the craziest trade in the world, but it's good enough. Like I would take that. You know what I mean? Like, because the thing is with these trades, I almost have more confidence in them.
then using like a change of character or something because you're using liquidity and liquidity is more difficult to develop a genuine understanding of, but this is what smart money is actually looking at. Whenever you're using like, you know, supply and demand and a lot of that shit, that's like very, very, very basic, very basic smart money concepts. Like you're basically trying to identify where smart money is entering and exiting the market and play with that. But, you know,
look you can dive down a much deeper rabbit hole than that with smart money i promise you that um but we came down here you could have waited and used that change of character or the break of structure for instance right here what happened oh we changed character what did you use you found a demand zone
What was the demand zone on the last leg before? Now, this is where people get confused again. People said, oh yeah, your demand zone's right here and you got left. Well, first of all, if you use internal structure, I guess you got in really quickly. You could have done that, been aggressive with it. So, oh, well, we broke, you know, here was your internal structure. Like we were just going over the BNB where you have a high up here.
Come down. Actually, you really didn't even have a break right here because your high is up here. I mean, I guess you look back and it's like, yeah, you could have played that, but there would have been no reason. What I would have waited for is you get that break of structure, and then you look for the demand in that internal price leg that caused that. This is why you wouldn't look down here. For one, it's already been mitigated. There's probably not a lot of orders left there. For two...
that's not the same internal leg that broke that. So you would look over here. You could just play the wick whenever you're on these low timeframes and look at that. You actually got a much better risk to reward than if you would have played that initial fair value gap. And this is how you can develop your own trade models is what I've kind of been talking about in chat is developing your own trade models using different schools of thought. And you got to think for yourself because once you...
and the concepts. And I don't mean, you know, once you look at a chart and say, okay, that's a change of character, I can play it. Like once you genuinely can grasp what's going on within the market and why price is being offered at what it's being offered at, then you can take those perspectives and combine them into your own trading strategy. So here, I mean, you got a fucking home run. You know, first TP was here. I mean, if I mean, I would have probably taken most of it here.
and rode the rest out until the end of the day. What is this? Right around 4.30? Where's 4.30? Yeah, I mean, if you rode it up to the end of the day, trimmed it right or closed it right before. I mean, if you're trimming on MT4, you really, I guess, don't have to necessarily close it then. But if, you know, I would have closed the rest of whatever I had up here. I would have definitely trimmed most of it before then. But even here, you get a 10 to 1. I mean, trimming here and then up there, you probably at this end of it.
It's really a liquidity void on a one minute because we have a ton of fair value gaps, but if you go to like a 15 minute or a five minute, look at that. Actually, you've got to probably take it a little higher, but you probably gain around five to 8% of your portfolio depending on how much you trim to the first take profit. But if you see, I know that, you know, I don't mean to make it sound like it's just like, you know, two plus two, but it's not as hard as a lot of people may think.
What the hell is it? This is a different one. It's over here. That's an incredible move. And that's coming from waiting all day. You didn't get a trade in the morning. And you came and you waited for the setup to develop. And you didn't force it. This is why I want to start trading fucking indices. Because this price action is just so neat and clean. Bitcoin is just fucking on math all the time.
Somebody said sand. Sorry, that was like 15 minutes ago. I hope this is helping you guys. And if you have any questions, please unmute your mic. I won't care if you interrupt me. Try not to just railroad over top of me. But please ask questions because it's like a lot of these streams, I know damn well not every single one of you people are getting this. I don't mean that to be like a dick. I'm just saying don't be afraid to ask, hey, why do you use that level? Or why does that confirm that we're bullish?
utilize this time. So I want to start doing these daily so you guys can get the most out of it because I know the way I learn back for the, for those of you guys who've been in play a bit since the beginning, you know, that this voice chat used to be way more active. And that's what I kind of want to bring back is where we have that, that dynamic where we're all in here, talk together, we're learning from each other and we're growing that, you know, that was, that helped me a lot.
a lot whenever I was in play a bit in the early days. So I want to kind of bring that back. You feel me? I know all you guys, I saw Hunter unmute his mic. Hunter knows too. Right? You know what I'm saying, bro?
make crypto vibes great again. But like, really though. So that's why I want to start doing these daily streams. I want us to all like, I want you guys to don't feel like you can't unmute your mic and ask questions. Like, don't, don't feel like that at all. Like it's not that kind of energy. I want people to ask questions. But here with sand, somebody asked for sand. I'll say the 15 minute look, there's some fat ass accumulation could be into redistribution though, but let's look at the four hour.
Damn, I had a fucking fair value gap this far away. Maybe it was a daily one. Hold on. I did TA on this not too, too long ago. Hell yeah, are you shorting it? Dude, that shit is probably one of the most bullish fucking daily or weekly charts I've ever seen, dog. Damn. Yeah, that shit.
I took a fucking, I was on Prosperity, bro. I was like, literally a couple nano lots, bro, some dumb shit, and I hit a fucking 60 to 1. Like, given, I probably would have trimmed more if I had bread in it, to be honest. But, you know, I was just like, damn, like, holy fuck, bro. Yeah, I mean, if you're swinging, it's like, you know, I mean, if the risk of reward's there, it's like, fuck it. Yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. I'm gonna look at that. I'm gonna look at that after this.
Hell yeah. See, this is what retail sees us saying. I see the fat ass bear flag. Which, I mean, who knows? Could be right, could be wrong. They've been getting faked like a motherfucker.
they're probably like oh my god dude we're going long um but i think sand got listed at coinbase right so let me correct me if i'm wrong i didn't know they weren't on coinbase already like that's crazy to me that snoop dog has his own like in there and you can't even buy it on coinbase it just shows how much people don't give a about um using vpns and stuff but um here with with sand i see a lot of liquidity a lot of orders got absorbed
And that's why, look at these two fair value gaps here on the daily chart. Because we're on a daily, these are going to be probably on a weekly. Yeah, it hasn't been filled yet. And also weekly demand if you're using the zone, like the entire range. We all know that this is probably going to get refined more. I mean, this range is 100% in price.
I wouldn't count on you just bouncing from this second candle. But on the daily, we did clean out this fair value gap. But remember, like we said before, we want to use these zones of demand that are under areas of liquidity. So personally for me, and I'm also seeing trendline liquidity.
engineer to the sell side right there people are looking at retail saying oh we're uptrend uptrend we're trending up they might be looking a bear flag so mixed perspectives there but on the daily you know
You really got one. I mean, if you look here, it's crazy. Sand really wasn't bearish on a daily chart till there. And I know some of you guys are like, what? Like how? If you're looking at swing structure, this was your swing structure. You had this, you cleared this high. What was the highest point you made before pullback there? And you went all the way to all-time high. And that was the range you were trading within was this.
So then you came down, you shifted. So now you've got one move to the downside. You could say you're in a bear market on the daily. Whenever you're in a bear market on the day, like, where are you going? Well, you're probably going to the next area of demand and you're going to sweep up a lot of liquidity. So what do we've started to do? We swept up liquidity. We haven't really hit demand. You know, if crypto just rails, it probably won't. You know, it probably won't.
come down here just to just yet it might just go with the rest of crypto and that's kind of why you got to keep an eye on the majors but you know if i was looking to be a buyer of sand i'd be picky i'd wait till down here i mean that's a pretty big move away i know but don't be surprised if we hit it that being said when i'm looking at the higher time firms i'm developing that daily bias we haven't really hit all the targets i would like you know we did sweep a lot of lows i actually did get a double break of structure i guess well
I don't know if I'd consider that a pullback.
You cleared up a lot of liquidity. So you could build a bull case. The way I look at it, we're engineering sell side still. You have demand down below. We could see that get taken, all that liquidity gets swept. Maybe see a fake out, bam, and then a move up or more down. Who knows? But you have to wait until we get there before you develop that. Now, with that being said, we can kind of lead a little bearish on the daily.
But does that mean we just enter shorts? It does not. That's just, that's one thing I want to really stress to you guys. That does not mean you just short it and, you know, we're, oh, we're bears from the daily. Good shit, Casper. I'm shorting. Like, don't do that. I know. Where's Gluckman at? Gluckman's in, he's not in here. He's, he's in fucking sand shorts if he was. Fucking, um, like here you look, we have this, um,
Very wide four hour range. Yeah, you're in premium. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're in discount. So, you know, we don't necessarily want to short here. It's just not really, it doesn't make sense. You could move a fuck load before I would really consider you in a bull market. Yes, you could almost, I mean, maybe look at this as your swing high.
I don't know. I mean, I almost... That's a conflicting one. What I would be looking for more so than shorts here probably would be longs. Because why? Well, if we look at our internal structure, that highlighter come down here, made a new low. I'm sorry. Low, high, made a new low. Okay, this was your high. Looks like maybe it was a different candle, actually.
No, it was that. Well, no, actually, this was your high because then you started to push through this low. So you came down here, bam, and then what do you have right there? Change of character. So whenever we're on the daily, yes, we're bearish. Yes, we still have liquidity down below, but you've moved massively to the downside and you have really not seen much of a daily pullback at all.
until now. So once we see that internal structure shift to bullish, that first one, it doesn't matter if we shift back to bearish, I guarantee it does probably right here. It doesn't matter. But what matters is you came down into a point of interest, that being your fair value gaps, you clearing out all of those lows. And then you had that four hour internal shift of character. And again, does this mean you just long? No, but it does mean you could expect
us to begin to retrace this move. Where to? Probably somewhere in premium. Oh, maybe this
Point of interest. You see, it's not that hard. What are we going to do when we have here? We're going to have inducement above these highs. You have equal highs. Just like we came down, we swept that liquidity, we're going to come up and sweep this liquidity, and we're going to get in this fair value gap, most likely, at some point. So now we're developing that story that price is trying to tell us, and we're identifying the key question you have to ask yourself whenever you're framing your perspective. Where do I think price is going, and why do I think that?
And if you can't say that, then you really have no idea what's going on. So it's important you really take the time to do this. So now we can say, okay, well, we've got relatively equal highs. It looks like this got cleared. This high did get cleared here, but I'm still viewing these. And so is retail. Retail's viewing them the opposite I am. I'm looking at it as a liquidity pool. They're looking at it as a breakout level. And also, that's where a lot of stop losses on shorts are.
So with that being said, we can maybe look for a more of a, you know, playing the pullback because yes, we're bearish, but we don't want to just start shorting all the way down here in this four hour range because, you know, you're just too far extended in a discount. Again, it goes back to that checklist. Are we in discount? Are we in premium? Are we in a POI? What's the internal structure? What's our daily story? So here we could look at it from a perspective that
Okay, well, since the daily is bearish and so is the four hour, the longs we might take on the pullback, we have to take them with the mindset that they could end at any time. So we're going to take our profits aggressively. So that being said, we're going to look, now we're going to start to map out, okay, what are we bouncing off of and why? Well, if you look here, you could have drawn a demand zone like this. You could maybe even refine it to this candle. Did it hit? Yeah, it did. There's going to be your high timeframe point of interest.
Let's see what price did when we came down to the high timeframe point of interest. Okay. So what is this then? Bam, bam. If you plan closures, which I would, because remember, we're trying to be more conservative with our entries and more aggressive with our entries, or I'm sorry, with our exits, because we're trading against the high timeframe trend, trading a pullback. So here, I wouldn't have really taken this personally, because it's just a wick. It looks like a liquidity grab and you came back down. Here, you got that closure.
Now, we can use that same strategy. Let's see. I probably wouldn't really consider this second break structure. You could look here. Okay, where's our zone that's going to be in a discount? You could have looked here, but you have to remember. What do you got right there? Got liquidity all through here. That's liquidity being engineered. People are being induced into longs.
All these longs are going to get swiped. So you want to look, where has the liquidity been removed from the market? Where can I enter at that kind of area? So you're going to look here. And really you could go ahead and refine it because you could use the wicks, but where does that wick fall? Inside this area. So you could refine it down to this candle. What does price do? It comes to it. So now we're on the 15 minute. Prices came back down into our original zone. You could have caught some longs here.
All right, maybe in the one minute you waited for a confirmation. And how do you see a one minute confirmation or break obstruction of 15 minute with internal structure? So here we go. Come down. Oh, here. Where do you start making your lows? Right there. Low, low, low. Bam. This candle really was a high. You came down, made a low.
Obviously, I'm not going to map it out. You can see that we were in an eternal bare structure there, just nose diving. And then what? Okay, we made a lower high because we made a low right here. And this is where it gets confusing. So we have this candle produced a new low. Why? Because the candle after it.
pushed lower than it. But this candle made a new high. Why? Let me change the cursor. It's easier for you guys to see whenever I'm mapping internal. Because this candle made a high higher than this. Then we have a low. Then what do we have? Oh, look at that. Change of character. Now, on the, I guess really right here was your change of character. But now on the one minute, let's go back in and look. I'm just curious at this point.
Here is your low what what puts you to that low? Really you would have weights. It's actually a little higher up, but it was on the same price swing then So this cuz then we can't I'll look at that That's where you can understand once you can see things like this so okay Well, I can I can see what's going on the low time frames by understanding the structure the high time frames
So that's why it's important to always look at those high timeframes and really develop that perspective. So now we could go and say, okay, on sand, you know, you could have taken longs here. Where would you have taken them? Again, on that demand, it was on the internal price swing that pushed us to break that. These fucking paid. This would have been one of those that puts you in a good mood when you take that shit.
This is the kind of trend you take and your girl knows you had a good day trading. That shit happens to me. It's hilarious. My girl will be like, you had a good day trading today, didn't you? Let's go get some dinner. Let's go out and drink. This is the kind of trade that makes you feel like that. You could have put stops. It goes back to your style. You could have been conservative or aggressive. What is aggressive? You could have put your stop loss under the most recent internal low. Where would that have been? Well, it's going to be the...
Last low before you did what? Made new highs on an internal basis. What is a low's job? To make new highs. It would have been this low right here. Could have used that. And then whatever pip grace period, you may not use a extra, you know, pip. I use like, really, if I'm being aggressive, three pips. If I want to be like Bitcoin, I use five pips because Bitcoin is just max pain. So you want to look coming here. Okay. Pips here are most likely going to be this last decimal. So you would have said instead of 1.2453.
Four, eight. There you go. See that number changed from 25 to 30. So now you have your grace period. Very good trade. Now, what would you have targeted here? Well, if you're looking at the one minute, you would just say, okay, well, we target this high because that's your week high, right? Now, that would have been an amazing trade. But you cannot forget, again, it goes back. Remember the high time frame. So then what are we actually targeting here? This week high. God damn, I wish I would have fucking seen this shit.
Holy shit. Well, you would have targeted the week high on the 15 minutes. Because remember, we're using the high timeframes. We found that what? On the four hour, we found a point of interest. Why were we looking for a point of interest in the four hour? Because we had absorbed daily liquidity. And we're anticipating that we're going to retrace. So we're not going to just use that one minute for a final profit target. You could use it to trim.
using the 15 minute, you would target this. This is how I would trade it. And this is where, you know, it comes to be like, are you going to be more aggressive or conservative? Like I said, since we were trading, I mean, obviously you guys are looking at like, oh, why did you take profits there? But it all comes back to having that very consistent approach because like I said, we're trading counter trend in the four hour. I'm going to take profits pretty aggressively. I don't know about you, but you know, 25% of my poor risking one is more than enough for me.
Now, while yes, everybody's like, oh, dude, you could have held. We would have been way more. Now, you could have. If I was trading pro trend, I definitely would have. But you're not. This was a beautiful fucking trade. Beautiful. Very easily executed as well. So now if we go back, we can also look at it like this. And you probably say, oh, fuck, we missed that shit. Maybe. But the perspective I have is this.
Look at this. We have the same thing. Oh, second breakup structure. So now you're getting that double confirmation entry. Where are we going to enter that? Again, the demand is sponsored that internal, or I'm sorry, that sponsored that breakup structure on the same internal egg. Look what else we have here. That fucking easy. All right. Now that, you know, if you set limits here or you wait for, again, that one minute retrace and that confirmation, it's the same thing over and over again. Could get left behind.
Yeah, and you don't always have to have a fair value gap. Because remember, we want to have at least more than one confluence. Are we going to just play a break of structure and long? No, we're going to wait till we get to a POI, which whether that's maybe it's just a fair value gap. Maybe it's just a demand zone. But if you have both, that's where you're like, okay, you can say like, because a lot of people get tripped up when they're learning this, they're going to be like, oh, here's our demand.
Now, while that was demand at one point, that was demand. But look at this. Did we have a fair value gap? Yes, we did. What happened to it? Orders got soaked up. Exactly. Now, once price returns to this at some point, you'll probably get a reaction. But you're going to want to look. I mean, you see what I mean? It's like, where do we really expend from that hasn't been filled? Somewhere in here. I'm actually going to set an alert for just when we come into this fair value gap because I want to have some time.
Because if I had to guess, this is going to be once you do see price, if you do see price retrace here, it's going to be aggressive. And this is what you want when you're coming to your zones. You don't want this kind of, you know, pitter patter. You don't want this. You don't want this. You want something that's like scares you to where you don't want to take it. And then that's where you're going to see that kind of movement. Because if smart money is pushing down or if the market is just has a massive imbalance of supply. I mean, for instance, like, say we come down here.
We're ranging. What are we doing? We're ranging. We're just accumulating orders or distributing. That's where you get Wyckoff accumulation. You're just range locked. So whenever there's no more orders, where are we going? To where there's orders.
Oh, there's leftover buy orders. Bam. Where are you going to go? You're going to target whatever week high you make. And this is the same thing over and over again. Use this on any time frame. Use it on any asset. We'll say it works better on some than others. God damn, this shit is fucking mooning. But that's how... That's the approach that I would take on this one. Like just a fat ass fucking demand zone. Like for instance, this right here. This or one of the... Which one?
any of these i mean yes but like whenever i usually use that reference i'm usually using as a supply and demand zone like here's a good example right there and then that's why you can see like you know this was really your demand because people get so wrapped up in like oh like now obviously we did tap into this but um into the um
this candle later on. That was where you really went along from, but you can say that there was a lot of orders there, but they already had gotten sucked up at that point and you form that liquidity. That's where you're going to get really get those best entries. Whenever you are patient, you wait for inducement above your supply zone or below, or sorry, above your demand zone or below your supply zone. So I got fucking shit.
Yeah, Steven, I'm hoping that you asked me to look into this because you're in this. Oh, he said he's getting listed on Coinbase tomorrow. Jesus Christ, bro. It hurt us. We're like, yeah, you know, you could expect a push to these highs. It was like, it just starts fucking flying. What's the Bitcoin doing? Did it stop me out of my long? No, it didn't. Fuck yes. We'll see how that works out. Wish I'd have taken more profits here earlier, but whatever. Worried about it.
So everything's moving. Sand is moving. This could be, I mean, I will say a lot of times right now when we're in these bear markets, you'll see a huge move in price. Like for instance, let's look at this. There was like some fundamental shit going on with RSR the other day.
And everybody was like, dude, this is so bull and so strong. It was right here. Where do we go? To mitigate orders. That's why you don't need news. I mean, don't get me wrong. Understanding what's going on in the world does help. I think I refined this to like a 15-minute zone. It was somewhere in that wick. This is an institutional candle. Right there. That's a better example of one. No wicks at all. Just like straight. Just block.
I mean, they can have WICs, but that's a really good example of one. But we came up there. But look at this. It was just news inducing retail liquidity. Oh, my God. RSI is fucking flying by. Bye. What happened? Came above an old high. Swept liquidity. Came in a supply. Down you go.
And the reason I brought that up, somebody said sand is getting listed on Coinbase tomorrow. A lot of times in bear markets, you get these kind of massive pumps before fundamentals. Just be careful because you can see maybe, who knows, sand hits this, comes up in here. Everybody's buying. It's like Cardano did this. If you guys remember when Cardano got listed on Coinbase, let's just look. I wonder if it even has the chart.
It showed it because then a trading view takes a while sometimes. Yeah, look at this. It's like $2. It dropped to like $1 in like a week. So those Coinbase listings can go either way. But let's look at Cardano. What day was this? This was on the 18th of March. Let's see what it did leading up to that. Look at that. Exactly. Just inducement. It didn't clear the high though, but probably had some supply in this WIC. Four hour.
Look at that. Easy as that. Easy money. I'm just reading crypto chat right now. Holy shit. Thanks, guy. Peep so longs. Yeah, yeah. Everything's pumping pretty nice. Where was it originally we had said? I mean, look at your limits. Hold on. I think you canceled, but that's a pain. I don't think it was that low. Oh, wait, 48. I was in the 47s. Somewhere in here. 48.28? It's 48.28 right now.
Hold on. Where is it? Oh, fuck. 4828. Oh, it was 4828. Okay, well, shit, it's literally... I guess, I mean, you canceled them, but... What time was that? 456, though? They already hit, and then some since then. I think... Yeah, you canceled them. That's good. Or 458. Wait, hold on. I like fucking... Hold on. 458. Yeah, thank God you canceled. They hit once. You know, let's see. That's a good move.
Actually, wait, I'm in the 15 minute. I thought I was in a higher time frame for a second. You could probably identify some supply in here. This is kind of getting, it's going to be somewhere in here. I would have probably looked somewhere in equilibrium, but you went deep under that.
I mean, you broke internal structure in the 15-minute. And like we said, we can use those internal breaks at certain POIs as maybe a sign of the end of a pullback, because that's where we're at now. You moved up here, pullback. What are we going to use to signify the beginning of the end of that pullback? Breaks the structure. This is in the 15. These are drawn in the one minute, for those of you who are wondering. But let's go back to the one minute and just see.
I mean, I guess you could say somewhere in this WIC. This is one that's like in hindsight, we can say this, but like I wouldn't have taken that. I can't sit there and act like, oh yeah, dude, there's orders here. I wouldn't have taken that. I mean, if you look at a WIC like that, you can call that a BFI candle, which means that banks and financial institutions were involved here. These huge WICs like that, but we're in the one minute. So it doesn't necessarily take as much money as you think always to move that. I mean, I guess so could because it's a high market cap.
But if you see one of those, I'm like, you know, I don't know, some low cap, don't say banks are involved. But I mean, you did come down, you absorbed those orders. Definitely got to change the character here. Oops. Watch, look at this shit. Watch this fucking, because you said 48, what was it? 20, 48, 28. It almost like hit that to the penny or did it, but not even from the same. Like, I think that was probably from playing over here, somewhere over here. But.
So here, if I was looking at this, but this is where it gets to the point where, I mean, I don't know, maybe it's just me, but it's like...
I mean, you are in a one minute POI. You know, you have had that 15 minute change of character. I guess if you draw this all the way out, that's another one minute POI. I mean, it's just like, like I see it, but the way personally, I probably wouldn't be necessarily taking them here, but I do see it. It's very valid. You know, you come, you go to break a structure, you come down here, you feel that inefficiency.
Come down, soak up these orders. I would think about playing it off of a second break of structure. But that's just my style. I'm not saying, oh, I wouldn't play this because it's not going to hit. I see a very high chance. Press coming here and going.
I can see it, but I'm just not going to play it personally. For one, I don't really like trading during this time. I'll hold trades I have open, but I'm not a huge fan of entering trades during the Tokyo session because usually you see consolidation. Sometimes I've hit some nice trades during these times. Maybe I set a limit during this time and I woke up and it had failed during the London session and you wake up happy because you made a lot of money.
But as a habit, and this goes back to like what I was saying before, develop your strategy to be different. You might be more aggressive. You might not be, but whatever it is, be consistent. So like me, I've made decision. I don't really like trading during Tokyo, so I'm not going to trade during it. And then even myself, like sometimes you're like, oh yeah, I'm going to play this one. What happens?
Most of the time, you get taught a lesson. But you may kill it during the Tokyo session. Tons of people do. A lot of people work during the day, and that's the only time they can trade. But there's a different way to attack it.
It seems like lately, though, crypto hasn't really been consolidating during the Tokyo session. I will say that. Usually what will happen, so you form like a price swing during the New York session, which is this right here. And then you'll see price during the Tokyo session rush back to equilibrium. Because price, you know, Tokyo session, you'll see consolidation. Where are you going to consolidate? In equilibrium. So let's just see. Okay, right here. Where's seven o'clock? It's right here.
You push down. There was an inefficiency. Look, this actually could be like an accumulation manipulation distribution set up on the lower time frames. Let's just see something. No, I mean, it probably is the same logic, but it's not. I wouldn't have played it personally because usually you would want an inefficiency right here. You see a section like this and engineering liquidity on both sides. It gets swept. Retail is induced into shorts, but really we're just cleaning up all demand, all orders.
But usually with Tokyo Session, you can expect us to move to equilibrium. Now, whether price has to move somewhere to get the fuel it needs, the orders it needs to push back up there first or not, I don't know. But usually you're going to see a consolidation.
within the previous session's equilibrium. So for instance, a lot of times, you'll be up all up in here, like you're at the top during the New York session and like the 5 p.m. to like 7 p.m. little break where really no institutions are trading as much. I mean, some are, but not as much. Then you'll see prices just nosedive and be like, oh, Tokyo's dumping. Let's just consolidate. It's moving to where we're going to consolidate equilibrium of that 15 minute price swing or really the daily price swing. And when I say daily, I don't mean the daily time.
frame i mean like what were the highs and the lows of that day you know the last not the last session it's like so if you look here and here was your where's your london high somewhere is really right here was your london high neither of these made it longer london high and lower right there they got obliterated both ways
You can find different setups on each time. So for instance, the London kill zone between like two and four. And what you're going to look for is usually if it's already up leading up to 2 a.m. and go back on your charts. Let's go to like Bitcoin. Leading up to 2 a.m., a lot of the times we're going to see a lot of volatility. Let's find 2 a.m.
Yeah, leading up to 2 a.m. Let's go in the five minute and make this a little clearer. We'll go back.
Where are you? 2 a.m. Leading up to 2 a.m., you're going to see volatility. And oftentimes, you're going to sweep a high. So you're going to see expansion during the London session. But there's two ways you can play this. You can try to play the... And then your high timeframe bias has to be aligned with this. You have to know where you think you're going from the higher timers. You can't just play this on its own. But you usually see one side get raided, like one side of liquidity, one-stop raid.
and london's fun it's it's really volatile any of you guys who um trade really late at night also what's up uh pika yumi on twitch they said they use arch what is that the um
Oh, yeah, usually you'll see one run on stops, which here you ran the buy stops first, leading up into London session, came up into London session. 2 a.m. is when it starts, 2 a.m. Eastern, and you swept that. Now, what happened here? Let's just see. I don't know if I'll be able to go back far enough. Where did we? Oh, here you go. So what happened here?
We ran a hold high. Remember that same setup we were just talking about on indices earlier. For those of you who have been in here for a little bit, I hope I still have your attention. But what happened? We ran an old high. Displacement. What happened? Fair value gap. It's that easy. Now you can play that. That's how you can play the London session. We can move down. Where are you targeting? With the lows.
Exactly. So then what happens when you come under the lows? You wait for signs of reversal. And then you'll play the true London expansion. And then what is New York? Usually, not always, but usually, you're going to see some form of retracement.
between 7 and 9 a.m. So that's how you play the London session. It's really all just playing stop rates. I guess it could be looked at as difficult. And this was a really easy one because, look, you look at where is the obvious areas. Like, oh, we had relatively equal lows. They did get swiped a little bit, but I would still consider that equal. A lot of liquidity there. So we're going to run stops. What is retail? Oh, we're breaking out. They buy or they get trapped up here. Then what happens? We come down and clean that out. And that's how you can literally just...
You can do that with indices in the morning in New York session. So you would have traded during this fair value gap. You could have been, you know, use internal structure.
Bitcoin, I will say like this time it worked, but dude, I've had my mood ruined and I usually don't let that happen. But by playing internal structure stops on Bitcoin, it'll come up, just tag you out and just go. But here you could have used it. The thing is with these trades is I will say they're not the highest risk to reward. Like, look at this. It's like, was this really that crazy of a trade? It's really not two to one. I would have targeted here. You could have maybe said, I'm going to target down in this fair value gap. And obviously that worked, but.
Really, I mean, your first target is going to be there. So the thing with these is if you get very good at them, I will say they do have a very high win rate if you do them right. But you have to have this fair value gap. If you come up above it, and even if you move down a little bit and you don't have displacement, there's no trade. That's the very, very important part that you have to understand. And a good way to do it is not even to set. Yeah, exactly.
Exactly, because the whole thing is trading with smart money. So if smart money enters the market, you're going to see a big move. So here, like in this situation, you could have done one of two things. You could just set a limit at the beginning of the fair value gap, like right here. You could have set a limit here. Or what I like to do personally, and you will get left like this, but I like doing this on Bitcoin. You wait until we move into it, and then you'll get an internal change of character.
to give you more confirmation so here's you had this oh here's your low really this was your low right here so we made a high high i'll look at that here's your new low bam change of character this is where you get triggered in now at this point when you're trading like this then you can use maybe that last sign or i'm sorry last leg of internal structure before this change of character or
before the fair value gap i would recommend before the fair value gap and looking in hindsight i can't tell you i would have done this in this trade i would have used this wick or at least this this week why because for one these are equal highs and two i've like i said i've just had gotten by that before can i chip out loop ring yeah i got you do that in a second but here now you've you've improved your wrist reward immensely you have a five to one trade and these are this happens every single day
You might not catch it. It might not be easy and have that displacement. But this happens every day. If you don't believe me, go on your charts. But then you could have played this again. Oh, what happened? We came under an old loaf, filled an inefficiency, tapped into demand. This is where you have a lot of confluence. And remember, this is just the initial move. This is just, you know, you're playing that very initial move. But really, at this point, let's go back and look in the 15 minute and just see what the structure was like. Where were we at? We're down here.
This is a tough one. At this point, if you're watching the 15 minute, you really just got your bullish change of character if you're using Wix, which a lot of times, you know, people on Bitcoin, you can use Wix all the time and be right. Again, personal strategy, whatever you do. But if you're using Wix, you just got a bullish change of character on that raid. Actually, no, no, you didn't really, because really this would have been your high.
This is an interesting one, because usually you want to go with whatever the structure is, and you're going to say, okay, well, this is going to be a sell day for me. But, I mean, I guess it was, but really the move was the buys. I mean, obviously. Like this.
Like this. Yeah, I guess so. Yeah, I mean, you could look at it like that. You could. It's like a fake breakout because it came up here. Like, almost like distribution action going on. I personally wouldn't have seen that like that, but I mean, I definitely see what you're saying. I mean, it's valid. I like trail on liquidity, but I just, I use it with other shit a lot. Like, for instance, like, let's use this example. This.
I guess it really did get cleared. I was kind of looking like it didn't. Never mind. But here, you know, you came under that and then the real move, it's called the London expansion, was when you came back down under here. I was going to say it was kind of with your daily bias, but it wasn't really because I guess for that day we were still in a bearish structure. You were kind of beat down in premium. I'm sorry, in discount, but still.
I wouldn't have looked at it like a buy date yet. But here you have this demand down here. This is all in hindsight, so I get it. People are like, oh, I won't say I would have necessarily caught all of this. I'm not saying that, but I am just showing you guys using it for an educational purpose. You can wait until you come down here. You could say, oh, I'm waiting until we have an internal change of structure, or you can pair this with your change of character. Where do we have it?
no matter what you use you could use this you could use the whole zone whatever however you drew it you came into i will say usually with the one minute you're going to use those pivot zones like the last um the last little bearish candles a lot of the time but you want to keep an eye all throughout here and what happened you came here i mean if you got that
I don't really trade. Yeah, exactly. And then the same thing goes really for the New York session as far as how you catch the moves. But you can expect a lot of times there to be a retracement between seven and nine. And here it retraced, but it was like, look at this, okay? Here's between seven and nine, you're at your desk. What happens? Bunch of highs get ran. Here you didn't really have a trade, I will say that. I wouldn't have taken, because why? No fair value gap.
So why would you have traded? You're just lottoing at that point. But then whenever that happens, a lot of the times, especially with indices as well, and if you're going to trade like this, you're trading the sessions, you should be watching the S&P and you should be watching NAS while you're doing this because they're going to move the same. Like for instance, maybe here, if you were watching ES or NQ at the same time, maybe they did get that fair value gap.
and maybe like say if price actually want to done something more like this, like it came up here, so it came up here, formed this, formed another high and then broke a low, maybe on ES and it was much cleaner and then came into a fair value gap. You know, you could, depending on how confident you are in your TA, maybe if you were in a zone of supply or something, you could have maybe taken it short, but that, again, you know, you got to know what you're doing to do shit like that.
And then here's another example of that manipulation at 930. Then comes 930. News in the open of the stock market. What happens here? An initial dump. And here you could have played exactly. Here you probably got left, honestly. And well, there was a fair value gap here.
You had this. You also had that. You could have watched price to come here. I mean, I will go ahead and tell you, I probably got left behind here because I'm not really at that point. You know, where's my target? Well, I'm looking. OK, like I'm not looking all the way. I'm looking at the day, like where we're at. You could.
you know say if you were taking along here you know because price only came into this area say if you didn't really get a crazy change of character here like what i was saying you could use before like i'm not going to take that
That's not my style. Now, people are saying, oh, dude, you should have. But this goes back to having that consistent perspective. And that will cause you to miss opportunities all the time. But you have to be okay with that and be prepared to miss opportunities. Because the better you get, the more trades you're going to miss. And that sounds redundant, but any of you guys who've been doing this a while will agree with me.
um yeah so let's see does anybody have i think there was one somebody requested lrc that's what it was was it yeah i'll take a peep at that after lrc i want to do that for this guy because he's been waiting for like that's it not been that long it's like 10 minutes um ran through bro
Yeah, exactly. And then like sometimes it works and they're like, oh, see, I'm glad I held. And then you're creating that terrible, terrible psychology. And I see that a lot. Like people I work with. Exactly. Exactly, bro. People be like, oh, but dude, you should have held. It went higher. It's like, yeah, let me come back. Let's talk in three months and see how much money you made. I liquidated.
Like here, loop ring actually looks good. This is off that GameStop news. It hasn't really gotten that closure yet. I haven't gotten a closure above that, but if you get a closure above this line, I would say four hour is starting to shift bullish. I like loop ring a lot fundamentally, so I'll try to be unbiased here. This is where your personal perspective would come into play. If we get a closure above this, I'm going to probably look for a long since we retrace.
I like Loopring's fundamentals. I think that it's probably going to be one of, if not the go-to layer two scaling solution for Ethereum. And I firmly believe that most transactions on Ethereum are going to be facilitated through these kinds of protocols like Matic. I don't like Matic, but I'm just using it to explain what kind of layer twos, but Matic, IMX, DYDX.
loop ring they're all kind of in a race to become that scaling solution i think loop ring has skin in the game it's been around as long as most crypto they have partnerships with really big um i guess you'd say web 2 companies like gamestop i hate facebook maybe they did that would make me like them less that sounds stupid but um i know it's something on c they have like their own nft marketplace or some like that
One day ago, is it? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, it's a wallet for NFTs, I think. Yeah. Let's see what it says.
Yes, it's the ZK rollups. That's what you really... I'm telling you, if you're fundamentally investing in crypto, I'm telling you right now, those ZK rollups are what you're going to really pay attention to. People even Ethereum at all, which if you don't, then I don't know what to tell you. But yeah, zero knowledge rollup. So basically what it is, is...
it's going to roll up it takes less knowledge to validate a transaction on ethereum than ethereum does so therefore it's going to take a lot less gas so
They are roll up, so to speak, a ton of transactions on their layer two into one Ethereum transaction. So you're going to be able to make a transaction for like, you know, a fraction of the cost of what it would cost you on Ethereum. So really, if you want to scale Ethereum to where it's, you know, mainstream, the mainstream is really able to use it. Like why sole NFTs are ripping right now? Well, because people like flipping NFTs and they don't want to pay 10 to $15 every time they do or more, you know.
But with these layer two zero knowledge roll ups, that's going to be that solution to that. So I think it's definitely something to keep an eye on. And I promise I'll get to this TA in a second. His name's not You're Not P. Even the fucking picture goes with it. That's funny. Is he even still in here? No, he's not. He probably has like fuck. Or maybe he's on YouTube. Or maybe he said fuck me because I took too long to be the TA.
Yeah, so that was the bullish news. And again, like we said before, it could be just to pump up a scam pump because we didn't really get a closure. We could have been coming up to mitigate something. I will say a lot of times within these inside bars, all an inside bar is, a high timeframe inside bar is a range on a low timeframe. Really all candles on a high timeframe can be a range, but you can really say that this one is. And the reason being is because you didn't break the previous candles high or low, right?
So we're going to go to the 15-minute. We can refine this zone. Really, actually, I wouldn't refine it too much. I mean, you could maybe try to use this to be stretching. Let's just see what it did. Maybe it did hit it. I wouldn't really refine this too much. I would just use this whole zone. Or maybe even this. I know this is where it gets weird. You're like, what? Start from this. These orders already got absorbed. I wouldn't. I'd probably use this whole last range.
That's where you really did but you didn't necessarily get that 15 minute change of character Actually, yeah, you did you did this actually might be a nice short
So that's how you have to be. As much as I love loopering, I'm looking at it more like, damn, I can short this shit. Possibly. Don't go fucking short this. And if you do get fucked, don't be mad at me because I'm not telling you to short. It's not me telling you to short. I repeat. But you did get that change of character, the downside. And I would wait for two here because you are pushing up in that zone. So you got a 15-minute change of character there.
I want to fix this. I've been changing my templates. I changed my fucking annotation so much. It's funny, but I don't know. I'm going back to the solid lines. Those of you who didn't know, I promise you this will change your freaking life using templates.
But for instance here, we can look at these two zones of supply. You could say here, actually three really. So you could say in this week, I know it's not a buying candle and you're taught order blocks or whatever. Supply zones can only be that. I mean, I just look at it like where did supply get introduced to the market.
You could look at it like this. A lot of these BFI candles all refined to the wick. But if you look, we did kind of tap into it. Actually, not really. Or you could just use the whole zone, this whole little range right here of supply. Or we could refine it to this last candle right here. Let's just see which one. Probably this last candle. But it got broken, I think. Maybe the range would have been better.
And this is why I don't like using 15-minute, like, just set and forgets because, you know, you set limits here and put stops. Maybe you put stops up here. I don't know. But we came in as supply. We got that first change of character. And we're in a four-hour supply zone.
We did just get bullish news, which could be manipulation. Or I wouldn't say that news is necessarily manipulation, but you could say market makers are going to use that and probably knew about that upcoming to us. They're going to use that to their advantage to induce retail liquidity because what does retail do? We have bullish news. They buy. So come up here, 15-minute zone. What are we looking for in the one minute? It's perfect, actually. Look at that. Change of character.
One minute, fuck. One minute point of interest. Probably could have used equilibrium. Oh, actually, you left crying if you used equilibrium there. There you go. And that could have been a short. I mean, I wouldn't have probably taken this like this. Like, in hindsight, I see it. But I wouldn't have taken that because it's like, I guess the risk of the words will still be all right if you're targeting that 15-minute low.
That's a pretty big stop. I mean, actually, I don't know, it's pretty big ways to the low as well. So now you're going to target that weak low because it failed to do its job. It's still a good risk reward, actually. But what we can do is I'll look at that first change of character. Then you got, it looks like it may have already played out, then you got your second change of character. What really caused this?
And look at this supply, the last supply zone you can find. Try to get as close as you can on the same internal leg. Really, you might have got stopped out here. I probably would have gotten faked out if I would have played this. This is why I want to wait to get a double confirmation on the 15 minute. But if you played the double confirmation on the one minute, using your 15 minute POI, you could use this institutional candle right there.
But again, this isn't really the greatest. Maybe it's just how loop ring is. Maybe it's a super fucking volatile. You don't really get those really tight stops. But you also can get big moves. But here, you know, you'll be able to target and make this a little bigger. And do not go fucking short this, please. Just because. Still be good RR if you caught it there. If you caught that snipe, I mean, that's 12 to 1. I mean, I can't be mad at it. Trimming it weakly. Bye.
But here's the thing. This is why I don't really want to even like this yet, because it's like, you know, in the 15 minute, what's going to happen? OK, well, you're not bullish. Yes, you did change character. And until you're above this, I get it. You're bearish. But you do have this imbalance here and you might change. This is why I like waiting for those really big moves. It's really, remember, if we're using the four hour, if we're really trying to catch the biggest move, we believe this is bearish. Like we're saying this is a liquidity grab.
which would make this a weak low. So if you're really trying to catch that move, I can wait a little bit. Even if I end up entering it down here, whatever. But if my stop loss is tiny, it's going to still be a great trade. So for me on this one, I'm going to wait for a second change of character. So you can come over here, set an alert. There you go. Just wait.
A lot of guys are just going to be in pain waiting that long to trade. But I promise, if you're trying to catch that lower high on the high time frames, be patient. It's not like it's going to happen in five minutes. Exactly. I mean, if you catch some shit like this, bro, and you really catch it, I mean, you're going to make like 20% to 30% of your fucking board off of it. That's why there's a couple of shorts that are... Somebody said ETC a second ago.
A lot of this shit is either trying to go bull or it's just grabbing liquidity. I guess it was the latter. Yeah, exactly, bro. Yeah. If you're in classic, I mean, we came up, could have grabbed these equal highs right here. You didn't get a closure, so you could have just been able to quickly grab. The 15 minute. Didn't move my shit around. This is why I didn't want to short it last night. See, or the other, somebody was asking me.
On stream, they were like, fuck. Or somebody added me, they were like, shit. Like, where are you at? We're in a short theorem classic. And I was like, why? No, okay, I see what you're saying. Oh, we finally got that change of character. Here's your break structure change of character. Oh, well, we're coming up to this supply. It's like, this is a short. Oh, we got that one minute change of character. But what you failed to see is that we were just coming down for our demand.
And we just got to break a structure and shift it bullish. So why the fuck would I short that? That's why you wait. And it's why you don't have a trade unless you have...
across all timeframes. And believe me, I'm not saying I'm like God and I've never made a mistake. It happens to me. It happened recently where I've gotten stopped to break even because I tried to short something before I was ready. But I promise you, you want to make sure that you are bearish in the 15 minute before you start to enter something. Unless you're scalping and then you probably know what you're doing and you don't need me to tell you, but you got to take profits super aggressively.
But here, we made a high. With any kind of shit coins like this, I'll use Wix, bro, for a 15-minute structure. Not four hours, but 15 minutes. I'll consider that a break of structure. Really what I'm going to wait for, I would consider if we break under this, that's going to be my first break of structure. And then I'll wait for another one.
Because again, we're at the high of this range. I mean, this is especially one that you should be paced with. I mean, because if you get that double break of structure, you've got to, you know, that's when you can comfortably get an entry. You're going to be able to trim along the way, but you know, you're going to have nice tight stop loss. I mean, you're going to be able to hit a very nice trade. Probably much lower than this. If you're using the one minute, probably 1% around stop loss. I mean, if you get something like that, if you catch one or two of those,
Once crypto is really moving, if we are indeed bearish and we're going to go lower and you catch these lower highs, you're going to be very well positioned to trade the next range. Yeah. I was planning on doing TN way more coins, but I like going in depth with you guys and really...
showing, trying to get on, just trying to make it as educational as possible. Like if I want to just fly through this and just do TA without talking much, it's not going to be as good for you guys. But it's weird how a lot of these coins are almost damn near looking more like accumulation of four hour that it wants to, it'll probably should look at that wick. But I wouldn't pay much mind of that.
but uh like some of these coins like ethereum are so low in there this is a chart actually because that's like your swing i don't know man i don't know about that using that like you'd be like yeah we're definitely in a premium or in a discount i don't know whenever i see shit like that i oops i would wait to like you know i'm not going to send an alert for this one specifically but you know i'd wait till we're somewhere up in there
And then maybe look for some shorts. Because you also hear, again, it goes back to what we've been saying. You're going to clear out this high and also this fair value gap. Looking for shorts. So look at liquidity. It's buying interest. So if there's interest for retail to buy here, smart money's going to sell. Once all the buying interest has been absorbed, where's price going to go? To where there are orders. If all the orders have been absorbed, it's going down.
I'm looking at a couple more charts. I'm probably going to hop off here. How long have we been on here? It's been like a good two hours or so, right? Wow, Tezos is fucking pushing. Oh, what the fuck? Try me out. I didn't mean to pick that tool. Right now what I'm doing, I'm just looking like, okay, where's our swing low? If this does end up being a liquidity grab, I'm not saying I think it is, but if it does, this is where I'm going to need to break down for my first shift to a bear structure.
I looked at Tron. This one, I honestly want to, we'll see how it goes. But the thing with Tron is it's a very interesting structure. So if you look at the daily for going back all the way, like we're really using all time for swing structure. This is an interesting one because, you know, if you can say this is a swing low, obviously you got to swing high here.
All right, swing low, high, okay, bear structure, confirmation.
But you never made another fucking low. So really with Tron, if you're in the daily, you never really were in a bull market because why? You didn't break this high. Until then, you can't say that this is... Oh, fuck. I hope you guys remember that. I'm just going to mark this so I'm not drawing that again. But there's your high up there. Crooked line. But now, what is a high's job to make a new low? It did that. It did that. Right here is whatever the lowest point on this chart is.
Not the chart, I'm sorry, over here. Now, we haven't made another low, right?
So, you know, depending, there's two ways to look at it. You could look at it like, okay, well, this is your swing low and this is your retracement. I don't, I mean, you could maybe, I guess, but I wouldn't look at it like that. This is just like an impulse, like kind of like relief bounce, but it continued to move down. Because then you would have looked like, oh, this, and then it's just choppy. But really at this point, I mean, you never really got out of a bear market even with this huge run. I mean, if you're looking at a daily now.
You know, that doesn't mean just like always only look for shorts or anything like that. But I will say like, okay, well, my daily is not really super bullish. You're making higher lows, which could show, you know, more of, you know, buyers have been entering the market. Or you could look at it like liquidity is being engineered, however you look at it. But that would lead me to, you know, I would feel comfortable shorting it at certain points. This is on the weekly, I drew that. Oh, yes. Where the fuck did that come from?
But I'm going to need double confirmation just because it's some weird price action. For any kind of swings, I'm going to target something far. Now, I would short. This is a classic setup. Because you see this. This is how I like it. For instance, when you have this kind of price action. We'll just use the rewind tool for a second. Say if we were here and you're like, okay, this is our new swing structure.
First of all, you've got equal lows, so I don't like playing that as a break of structure because it could very well be a liquidity grab. But second of all, I mean, Jesus, you're going to have to really come down and come all the way back. That's not the kind of structure you're going to see a lot of the time whenever you're looking to play this change of characters if they play out the way you want them to. What you're going to see is like this. You make a new high, and then we make a new high real quick. And you've got a huge wick, you're in supply, and now you have this tight market structure to work with.
So if we can get a breakdown of this, come up, one minute double confirmation entry or risk. Because at the end of the day, this is trading pro trend. It is weird structure, but we come down and break that, get a closure. I'm going to be looking for shorts. And if you're on the four hour, and here's another thing where you get thrown off. So you would look at a four hour like this is your swing strategy. Bam. Wait, I'm not the wrong tool.
It's like, bam, here. Did this make a new low right here? I think it did. Yeah, it did. And you'd say, okay, here's this. Say, oh, four-hour change of character, right? Because we broke here. Oh, we didn't get a closure. Nice wick. Now, that might change, but we also are in four-hour supply. So, yeah. Do you mind if we got that fair value gap here?
And sometimes you can use these fair value gaps as just more additional confluence to your bias. Because maybe, okay, if I'm saying this is just a liquidity grab, we're just pushing to absorb more of these sell orders. Well, maybe someone had interest to push it up there. Maybe that's why there's displacement. Because I don't really see much of a reason for smart money to be buying here otherwise. Why the fuck would they buy there? They've been far in premium.
It's not where they're buying huge positions they want to hold, usually. Usually. And all this, you got to use with everything. You use everything together. You don't want to just use it like, oh, yeah, they're pushing the supply. I'm shorting. You can't think like that. You can use it all to develop whatever story that price is trying to tell you. And you have to keep an open mind and really look at it from a lot of different perspectives. And then when you do that, wait and see what happens. When you're first starting to do that, don't try to force yourself to...
to capitalize off of it always. Now, if you're comfortable and you trust your analysis, don't be afraid to take a trade. I'm not saying don't take trades, but what I am saying is when you're really trying to develop a unique perspective of whatever story that is trying to be told, sometimes it's fine just to let it play out and see if you were right or wrong, and then go back and reflect, journal it, move on.
But on that note, I appreciate all you guys. A ton of you guys stayed for all two hours. I don't know how many of you guys are still here active, but I appreciate you all.
Of course, of course. I want to start doing a stream every day. I might do a trading stream tomorrow, like 8 to 12. I probably will. Fuck it, I will. I'll hop on. And then I don't know how much I'll be talking. I might just be charting. I won't lie. I might not go to do the TA on the coin you asked me to watch because if I'm watching my setup, I'm just going to be doing my thing. But I would like you guys to join. I might not talk. I don't know. I will at some points, but it's not going to be.
the total education want to kind of us to go out in the field together. You know what I mean? Cause we can talk about us in hindsight and all that, but it's, it'd be cool to do it together. So we'll see. Um, as always, I appreciate you guys. Yeah, exactly. A hundred percent. And if this, if this helps you guys go drop a testimonial, say it helps you guys. That'd be awesome. I'd appreciate it. And, um, I'll see you guys tomorrow morning until then. Peace for show.
