What's good? What's good? I'm gonna give everybody a second to get in here. Sorry on the late stream today, guys. I had some other stuff I had to take care of. Yeah, today was, I didn't trade today, but I just sat down on my desk about 20 minutes ago. And looking back, it was a pretty clean day. I mean, the PM session was iffy. Like I could have seen, I probably wouldn't have taken it, but I'll go review the setup that was there. I mean,
There wasn't really an entry if you use fair value gaps or if you use fair value gaps to confirm things. There was a little opportunity up here. The morning, on the other hand, was pretty clean. I appreciate you, Sensei.
Yeah, so really when we came into the morning here, I'm just going to go on ES and go over it. We have to remember when we gave this bias on Monday, I will say I wasn't very, I didn't say for sure. I said I was leaning bullish, but I did say I wasn't very, I guess 100% in it. But it seems like that was correct where we were leaning. So that's good.
It wasn't really that hard. I mean, it was just that we came under these lows and we took out all that liquidity and now price is going to draw back up. Now, where is it going to draw back up? Well, it's going to draw towards areas of liquidity in a premium overall. But as we've seen in the last range.
You know, we came back up, filled a gap here, saw some retracement back into this order block, kind of consolidated there, recapitalized the order block, and then started expanding up. And as you see, once it really gets going, it's hitting these imbalances, but it's not really, you know, stopping. And the reason for that is it was going to rebalance the weekly range. So when we're looking at where we're at now, similar area I see so far.
is we just took out that weekly low, just like we had over here. And we take it, you can't see it because on ESC, but just trust me, this took out a lot of lows, as we know. So I see two potential scenarios. I see us coming down into this, where we're at now, and this could be something of this nature. Because we come down, we make this range.
And then we revert a little bit up, but then come down again. And we take that sell side. So after we take that sell side, oftentimes that's when we truly come up and purge out all that internal liquidity within the range. So I think that that's a potential. And we could be coming up into, if you notice here, we kind of came up into an order block and then moved to the downside. I think there's a potential we might see something of that nature here in this area.
now if we don't start to see reversals there that will tell me the market is indeed drawing up higher we've got a weekly order block right at premium of this range well right under premium and then we've got a massive daily fair value gap this is that cpi dump so i think whenever you come in the morning and you see stuff like this you have to be real with yourself you know if you're trying to short and
You just look at this as a scam pump and I see it all over Twitter. Everybody's just like, everybody loves being bearish down here, right? Now, the problem with that is we're drawing to the upside. We're drawing into these imbalances towards that equilibrium. So when you came to the market this morning, you look at this. I mean, the market is showing a very clear desire to draw higher. So you have to ask yourself, what's it drawing towards? Have we hit somewhere that we might reverse from?
Not really, right? Yeah, we kind of came into this weekly gap. You could have paid attention to that. But overall, I think the price was kind of drawing to the upside here. So whenever you have that context, you can jump into your 15 minute and we'll just mark up 830.
And he didn't even mark up 930. That's where he started to move to the upside. Now, if you see at 930, I'm just going to move this over to 830 just so we can see a little better. Yes, the initial move went up, right? So some people might have looked at this as a short opportunity. Well, it makes sense. Like I could see it. I mean, you take some liquidity right here. But let's be real. Is that really displacement? Is that really a crazy move?
Does that look like manipulation? To me, it really doesn't. Right. So, yeah, there might have been some kind of short opportunity. I think ICT actually even posted a video. There was something here. I mean, I'll be honest with you. I probably wouldn't have taken that just because this didn't get a structural shift. I know it did clear a lot of liquidity and show desire to move away. But to me, I need that structural shift. And this is just too wide of a move. I guess there was a short there if you looked at it like that. But I think a lot of people.
They looked at this, you know, this is the break of structure and wanted to maybe short from up in here. I know that's a mistake I would have made at times.
But whenever we're looking at it in the context of the daily bias and where is this daily candle likely to draw, we've established that it's likely to move up. So our eyes are going to be more peeled for sell side rates more than a buy side right now. We can also look at this displacement. Now, this is something I can't stress enough is you got to understand displacement. And this is one of those things where it becomes discretionary.
Your strategy needs to be as mechanical as possible, but let's be honest, there's always some form of discretion in your strategy. Now, while it's best if you limit that and mitigate all areas that are discretionary and try to substitute them with a mechanical execution, there's always going to be something where it's up to you as the guy in the chair pushing the buttons. What do you deem as a...
confirmation of your mechanical model so for me displacement is necessary and displacement can be mean a lot of different things to people now somebody who is a bear coming into the day they could have looked at this as displacement because i mean that's a pretty big move right when it was happening it probably looked a little crazy right
As soon as the morning, and you know, you look for the liquidity to get right in the mornings. Oh, here it is, 9.30, easy money, right? And maybe it's sold right on here, looking to go lower. And we obviously know what happened there. Now, that's the importance of understanding your daily bias, because it's clear we're drawing to the upside.
Now when we're talking about ranges, yes, we had shown somewhat of a desire to move down from this premium. Like if we erased all this, you'd say, okay, well, price is coming back down into a discount, just looking at the range. But again, this is the one hour timeframe and you have to look at everything in the context of the higher timeframe. So yes, I could see that narrative. Like we got to shift in structure down, right? But what was that shift in structure doing? It was just rating liquidity so we could
play out this higher timeframe narrative. So if we look, what did this massive push in the morning, and another thing too, look for those reversals at 10. Most of the time they're around 10, right? So we see that we took not one, but two as liquidity, right? Barely pipped that one. Those are some equal lows.
Now, I think it moved into a fair value up a little bit. I can't say that that would have been really much of a compliment to my bias. I mean, you could pay attention to that, but I would have viewed this already mitigated. I think the real reaction was off the sell stops at these lows. So remember, when we're bullish, we're just looking for a rate of any low with that sign of displacement upside. So now, if you look at it from a bullish perspective, a bear was looking to short here and they're ignoring all this.
But what do we have over here? Got a couple pretty choppy examples of a market structure shift. To me, this wouldn't have provided an opportunity because that to me, I mean, yes, it's a move, but you see these wicks. It's not very exaggerated. It's not leaving imbalances. For me, an easy way to determine if I want to take the trade or if I'm confident in the market structure shift is if it's leaving an imbalance. So we don't get it there.
But if we look over here, remember, we're just looking for a shift in structure. We're looking for the market to take out a high with exuberance, leaving fair value gap. So what happens right here? Right there.
But if you had the wrong daily bias, you're waiting to short up here. And that's totally reasonable. Like, I see it. We took a high shift to the downside. But, you know, how could you have stopped yourself from doing that? Well, for one, your daily bias. For two, you got to understand that the liquidity rates don't only require displacement coming out of them. They need displacement coming into them.
now in hindsight where's the displacement is it these three little wick candles no it's right here it's that big down candle diving into the cell stops to where it's scary and you don't think it's going to reverse so you know that could have been one um long
Now, where would you have taken the long? It's funny. I always pick the funniest days to not trade, or maybe it's just because I'm seeing it so clearly in hindsight. This was a very nice opportunity. Now, you could have put a stop loss here. I would have probably put mine here just because that's my style. I like putting under the lick rate low. But now when you ask yourself, where are we going with this?
because this is a little tricky, because you look at it like, okay, well, we're in a premium of the range, and we've kind of showed desire to move down, if you're looking in the sense of just the one hour. You might say, okay, well, I'm just going to take it to premium of the impulse move. Now, if we look at that impulse move, it's really not that far, right? We look there, and you could have just taken it maybe to somewhere in here, maybe this fair value gap, and that would have been a great trade.
2.3 R is an amazing trade, especially when it's this quick. I mean, that was in an hour. That's your daily goal in an hour. But when we look at the...
structure here for what it is based off the daily chart if we know that the daily chart is just drawing higher and we're in the context of that and that's what we're operating off of all of these little down moves that you know might show if there was no daily draw right above us this might show desire to move down and that's gonna get violated a lot of times if it's not in the context the higher time frame so for instance
If you notice the 15-minute range being inefficient and not reverting back to a discount, it might be because you're so close to rebalancing the daily range that price is just rushing there. Because you've got to think of this area, again, as a magnet, right?
Whatever you think your daily draw is, you got to look at it as a magnet. So the closer price gets to it, the harder it's going to be to run down away from it. So yes, there's equal lows right at a discount. Yes, the ideal setup would have been for us to just dump down to it, then revert and move up. That would have been efficient price action. But we have to remember we're operating in context. That's why it's important not to get tunnel vision on one time frame.
Now, looking at targeting, I mean, one could have targeted this whole thing. Now, I think that's a little crazy, right? Maybe you left a runner, but now what would be the main target to where we want to shave off most of this position? Looking back, is equal highs. Because you want to look at that first very obvious area of where a lot of stop losses are, right? Now, of course, another one is the previous daily high. And on a buy day, oftentimes we're going to take that. We talked about that last week.
Now, what I would have probably done was been fully out here, and there's more equal highs right here, all in this region, relatively equal highs. It's just going to be an area of liquidity. Now, maybe if we look back, this wasn't the cleanest. Honestly, in hindsight, I say this, but the more I think about it, I probably would have just taken that, and that would have been a beautiful trade.
Right. So this morning actually gave a really nice opportunity, but only if you look at it in the proper context and your perspective isn't skewed by a narrative you've developed without taking the higher timeframes into account. So, you know, the morning was pretty clean. I wish that it's funny.
I feel like it's one of those grass is always greener things that every time I take a day off, because I trade most days. But every time I take a day off, like consciously, just like, yeah, I'm not trading today. I come back and I'm just like, oh, that was so perfect. It's probably just psychological. But so the morning session was very clean cut. If you were looking at it in the right perspective. And I'm going to get Bitcoin a second. I got you. So the afternoon session, on the other hand.
So, yeah, it looks like it was fun. So afternoon session for me, I wouldn't have probably taken anything here, but I'll show you. I see it now, you know, but I know myself. And while I do look for that liquidity rate after 130, so we just look at what area of liquidity is attacked after 130. And it doesn't have to be a major range. It doesn't have to be craziest area. It's just any swing high or low.
and especially if it's pro-bias. Now, the only time I really look for a reversal is if we met something like the previous daily high or the draw on liquidity during the AM session, but we didn't. So at this point, the bias is still bullish, even though, yes, we've ran all day, even though, yes, we just tuck out equal highs. You're still going to lean bullish. Now, you won't force along, but if you see something like this, price diving down, again, we're on the five minutes, so we're going to look at it in the context of that highest timeframe. What is price doing?
It's moving up. Even though these little moves, what are all these little moves? They're buying opportunities, right? Price getting rebalanced. Equal is taken. Order block right there. You see? But you have to look at it in the right context. That's why bias is everything. So once we came down here, you know, I usually use the one minute for execution. And looking back, I mean, I'll just be honest with you. This to me wouldn't have been it. Even though I look back, I'm like, okay, well, that's.
That was the sniper entry. I wouldn't have taken that. I really wouldn't have. I know myself. I can't sit here and say, oh, that's the entry. I mean, I guess it was, but I wouldn't shift my strategy. You know, when I back test or when I, if I am in the market and I make a mistake or.
Something along those lines, I always look back and see if I can mitigate whatever caused me to not capitalize or to take a loss. In this situation, I really don't see that because I know that this pattern right there, that's not a very probable market structure shift for me. We did have the displacement down into it. Yeah, it moved up, but it kind of just halted, barely pipped the high. I wouldn't have taken it. Now, when we look again, is this a more displaced shift? Yeah, it is.
And then we have this tiny fair value gap. So, I mean, again, I'm just going to be honest. I wouldn't have traded here, but I see it now. I don't think that the PM session was that clean cut for me. You know, anybody looking in hindsight can see that. But personally, I probably wouldn't have taken it. You know, it'll look something like this. I mean, if you cut, we'll say this one, because that's really the only displacement and where you've got a closure or anything like that.
Something like this. And you would have just targeted the previous daily high. And this has been a setup I've seen pretty apparent with indices. Once we're moving in a clear direction, the afternoon session is oftentimes going to give longs up to the previous daily high. Or previous daily low if you're bearish. But we gave bias about this, I think it was yesterday or the day before. And we did exactly as we thought.
So again, everything is about perspective. You can know all the entry models in the world. You can understand what a fair value gap is and order box breaker. You can understand all that market structure. But if you don't understand what you're operating in and know how to read the room, it's literally going to be not only useless, but detrimental because you're going to be trading against, you know, you're pissing against the wind as playboy would say.
So that's really the recap for me on indices. That's the two clear trades that I see with my strategy. And I shouldn't say two clear, one clear trade in the morning. But that's how the afternoon price action kind of unfolded there. Again, I wouldn't have taken it. So we're just learning together, looking at it like, okay. The main thing I take away from it is if you're very confident in the bias, right? And you're looking for the upside, then
filter out, you know, reasons to look for the downside. Because a lot of people, you know, maybe they're looking for the downside, they might have looked at something like this. And this is how the AM model is difficult. Could you say, oh, we rated liquidity after 130. If you're looking at a one minute chart, obviously we didn't on the five minute. And you can, you can, you know, finagle this around to where, oh, this is a short.
I get pictures on Twitter and in the Discord of people doing stuff just like this. They're like, what? This didn't work. And it's just always looking at things in the wrong context or like marrying a narrative and just you're so tunnel vision. You have your blinders onto that narrative. So Bitcoin. Bitcoin moving kind of weird. It's showing a little bit more weakness, in my opinion, than indices. But.
I think the overall draw is still this imbalance. This day has shown desire to move up, but it's having trouble getting up there. I think that has to do with indices starting to piss a little bit after they took that previous daily high. You see that's kind of when Bitcoin started to falter. I see this order block that's getting a little three drive into it.
Right. Yeah. And again, Bitcoin is never really as clean cut. You know, I wouldn't consider this that shift in structure just yet. But I mean, it might be. Now, if indices do kind of revert a little bit, right, and rebalance, then I would assume Bitcoin will do the same. Bitcoin has a pretty wide range. I have this high and this low.
So when I look we have this little range right here We can just mark the whole range for now, but I see price digging into it Right there, but I'm not sure if that's gonna hold
Now, the overall points I'd be watching here, if I was watching corn, I would just watch maybe something here. If it shows desire to go up, but it doesn't seem like it is. And if not, maybe something in there in this candle. But you might want to, you know, Bitcoin might kind of come down and take these lows out. But again, I've told you guys, I'm not really watching Bitcoin until we get to one of my high time for areas. Because I just, I used to sit there and just try to force it and just.
always look for a trade. And guess what happens? You're just sitting there staring at this while everybody's making hella money trading something else. So until we get to my area where I think that it's going to be a higher value, I'm just hanging out. So I think the overall draw is still this imbalance. We might end up reverting a little bit, cleaning out some liquidity before moving into it. And after that, I would look for more downside, but it's all going to be in context of indices.
So overall with Bitcoin, I mean, I just, you guys know, anybody who has sat with me for a while knows in my opinion, so I'm not going to continuously regurgitate it, but just stop watching this all the time. It's not worth your time. It's just not. Like, look at this, this kind of move you have here, and then like indices you have. It's just, it's just not the same.
So overall, I would look for potential reversal, really where we're at, up into this daily draw on liquidity or potential reversion down to a discount clean outs of this internal liquidity before moving to the upside. It's really just, again, you're just depending on indices. Bitcoin is indices, a little sidekick. So let me read some of these comments.
Yeah, right. Can someone please wake up Bitcoin? What's up, Adeliki? I appreciate you too, Nicholas. I said, if I'm in an NQ long, do you think it's reasonable to let it run for the fair value gap towards 11, 900? I mean, bro, I'm just gonna be honest. I wouldn't do that. I think that's kind of just like pushing it. But don't come back and hate me if it does go there. But I never hold it. I'm in and out of the market with indices by 4 p.m. I don't hold shit past that. Never.
the way I look at it is like there's plenty enough
That's like last week's open. Oh, wait, no, it's not. But anyway, there's plenty enough of money you can make during intraday moves. Indices will take it just as fast as they give it. And you trade only during New York session, right? Yeah, yeah. That is another thing. I'm glad you said that. I mean, I don't know. People might have good success. There's always going to be someone that's like, oh, I trade indices during Asia session, and it's fire. But I'm just...
Just like here, let's just do a little case study. Where do you see the value at? Which color? It's pretty clear to me, right? So I don't know. I see setups happen. There are inequality here. What happens here? Oh, you move down, try to maybe short here. Maybe you get in some crazy position, but I just, I don't, I don't see it. I see the big moves. And this is just the AM of New York. This is just 7 AM to lunchtime.
That's where all the big moves happen. So...
It's all about time efficiency and not burning yourself out. And, you know, less is really more. One thing that funded trading has made me a lot better of a trader because of is realizing that, you know, I don't have to sit there and trade all day long and I don't have to catch every move. And it's worse for your mentality to do that because you become like an addict to trading. Even if you're doing good, if you're just trading nonstop every session.
and i get it it's exciting when you start but it's not good for you to do that you need one or two good trades a day
Some days are going to be losing days. If you only are trading a select asset class and you're only trading one model at one time of day, or maybe two if we go into the PM session, chances are you're probably not going to take more than two losses in a day. If you do hit, you might take one good win and then be done. You take two trades, which I think if you take one in the morning and it's good, you don't need to take another.
But if you take two, then you have a great day, right? You have two of those days early in the week. Like this week, I'm done trading. I'm not trading the rest of the week. I had a great day on Monday, a great day on Tuesday. I probably would have traded today if I didn't have stuff to do, but I'm done the rest of the week now. There's no point for me.
Right. There's probably going to be a great setup tomorrow. Who knows? But I don't care. Right. I know there's another week and there's another opportunity that you're going to have. But if you can, you know, get into that mentality where you look at this as a very time efficient business where you're working. That's why I really like indices. And I used to trade crypto. So your trade, you know, air alerts are hitting in London session in Tokyo, New York, you know.
I will say crypto has become a lot more heavily reliant on stocks lately. But, you know, the benefit that I see with indices is I only have to trade it during certain hours of day. Now, why would I go and ruin that benefit and take more risk by going to trading sessions where the market's not even open? Just like make it make sense. It don't make sense. It doesn't.
Somebody said XRP BTC. Are you asking me to ask like or ask me to do like the pair? Like like XRP against Bitcoin? I've never looked at this. Oops. I don't know if that's what you mean, but I'll take a look. Looks kind of similar to XRP's. What's it called? I mean, it's pretty crazy here with all these wigs. This is a pretty fucked up chart. Well, I mean.
See some like trendline liquidity building up here. So I would see more upside than anything here. It's not the prettiest chart though, we'll say that. I mean, it reacts nice to certain levels, but...
I mean, the overall structure to me would be this and this. So you're operating within a bearish range where you've taken out literally everything to the upside. So just looking at this, I mean, I don't see a ton of reason to just go up and take that. But overall right here, I would see more upside before down just because that trend line that has been...
Kind of developing right there. So that'll probably get taken out now. I'm not sitting and telling you to trade the breakout I'm saying it's probably gonna drop to that liquidity. So again, we're just talking about where is price drawing to? You got to think of like price like this if we have You know a range and then there's a bunch of money up here, right? There's tons of orders and then price is doing this You know it might hit a supply zone from over here
and give you a choch or whatever, and you're in a short. Well, what's going to happen is it's going to just tap into, because remember, price is just bouncing between areas of liquidity. So maybe once it hit into that area, it was drawing to something down here. Maybe there was a fair value gap, something along those lines, and here, and it's going to ping off one area of liquidity, and then guess where it's going?
Maybe there's a ton of orders far away, way down here, but it's going to go up to here first. Just think of it like there's magnets, two big-ass magnets, and wherever there's more orders, that's a more powerful magnet. Until price taps that, once it starts getting close to it, you're probably not going to see it move that impulsive away from it.
Can someone wake up Bitcoin? Yeah, right. I agree. Another confirmation for me to buy was we rated yesterday's low before that reversal for NQ. Did it take the previous daily low? Maybe in, was it a different session or I don't know. Let's see. Oh yeah. Well, wait, actually, yeah, it did. Kind of a weird, actually, really nice. I didn't even notice that. To be honest, did ES do the same? It did. Wait, no, I didn't. I'm blind.
Thank you. I mean, that's weird because it's like the low kind of was just a regular. It was just midnight kind of started. But yeah, it did take the previous really low. So that's a good eye on that. You've seen the indices. If you look at the actual indice itself, we never took the low, the weekly low. There's a divergence between the indices and the futures contracts.
The futures contracts took the weekly low. The other one... What chart are you talking about? Just a regular, like a NASDAQ chart, which would be NDAC, I think.
instead of it being like futures it's the regular yeah yeah and we never took that weekly low like so it's like the divergence i don't i forgot which chart it was but it's all indices iwm which is the russell 2000 obviously on the dow jones and stuff like that which is curious i didn't notice until i heard it from one of my boys on the street kind of stream that he brought it up and uh
yeah that's pretty interesting it's interesting well the only thing is i will say like if you look at these charts they're nothing to like yeah they're nothing to like it's fucking weird i've never really looked at anything except future just because that's where most of the money's at but i mean this like doesn't like anything or like like look at this like literally
Like nothing like they don't even look like the same pair. Okay. They almost look like a fucking inverse of each other Yeah Or it looks like this one's about about two months behind Yeah, something interesting that's not that I heard and then you know, they showed me on the chart I heard it this morning at like 430 in the morning. Hmm. I was like scrambling to To check it. So I didn't really trade this morning, but like
I was going to take the indices long, but I missed that. I feel it. Something else about Matic. So I think Matic is going to be drawn back up. I mean, it's...
You know Maddox kind of Effie here because you could look at it in the perspective of that we came to a Premium when I look at this I don't really see us really taking out any internal liquidity in a premium if I'm just looking at the weekly chart I See this as a very valuable area and I don't see you know, obviously we didn't go up in there to me There's nothing really here, right? So maybe if you're looking at supply and demand, but I don't really look at that. I'm talking about draw and liquidity so
If we do start to see bullishness, I mean, we came here. If we go to the daily chart, pretty clear market structure shift here on the daily. So just like we use the one minute to confirm the 15, use a daily to confirm a weekly. If you look right there, a very distinct shift right there. So looking at that, I mean, I think Matic looks pretty good. I think everything looks like it wants to rally a little bit.
You could maybe start building long narrative on Matic I would like to see this daily close without making another low and then that would actually be a very valuable reason that if the if it leaves an imbalance here like if that leaves an imbalance there I Would I would probably look to build longs around that So this is one of those things where I don't even need to look at it part past the daily and weekly chart That's everything I need to know right there. So if
If you close a day today, which you probably will, unless everything starts dumping, without making a new low, you'll have a draw or a target where you could wait for price to come back down into, maybe wait for a liquidity rate during session tomorrow, maybe start to look to build longs. Targets would be like this right here, and then you've got this imbalance up here. You could also target intraday. You don't have to take it all the way there, but I kind of like this, actually. It does not look bad.
Oh, so you meant XRP, bro. I got you. You said XRP, Bitcoin. I thought you meant against Bitcoin. I think XRP is drawing pretty clearly up. I think this order block is right now to draw. You could look at this, maybe this imbalance, look at that. But I look at it as price came up. Heavy desire to move to the upside. We hit a daily and weekly fair value gap. Normal retracement.
Get on like a four hour or one hour obvious shift to market structure to the upside right there So look just like we play on it in the season the mornings We look for stuff like this to go long Look what happened press comes into it dips a little lower than it looks like one of this order block now It's showing desire to move to the upside again
So overall narrative here would be up on XRP. Now what do I think it's drawing to? I think it's drawing to this order box. So until we get up and meet that area, I would have a bullish bias. Also, I'd keep an eye on this high up here. Sorry, the main high. I think that you could probably focus on this for the low hanging fruit. You know, if we get above that, you know, we might come up and then you could even take the low and then move up. So again, just one step at a time. But I think overall XRP is drawing to that high.
I can draw it correctly. So you could build long ideas around that. Honestly, I like this little area right here. I might actually start watching this because this shit looks really good. And then you have this order block right there, that candle. Overall, I think you're drawing to the upside of this high though. On what do I trade indices? I use my funded account, which is my Forex funds, and I use MetaTrader.
Oil. Yeah, that shit's been moving pretty crazy. Up only on oil right now. I have OPEC meeting. I know they cut that supply, and this shit just is going to want to moon right now. Yeah, I like that 99 area. Right above this high, too.
I mean, really looking at this chart, there's really no clean, clean areas of liquidity except, I mean, like this and that, in my opinion. I mean, there's a lot you're going to see, you know, but oil is kind of fickle. But if we just cut that supply that much, I mean, like you said, I think overall bias on oil would be up. And it looks like a mitigation blocks forming there. You see that on the chart you were just on right there? Because we have the high and then the failed swing high. Yeah, that is true. Like standard ICT.
I think that's why it's like a confluence. Yeah, I can see that. So yeah, overall bias in oil will be up. So he said, thank you for the insights. I guess I'm over trading a bit. I guess you're right about focusing on getting one to two trades in and enjoy the reaps instead of grading on more. Yeah, no, for sure.
There's just a toxic mindset that is bred whenever you start trading. I hate comparing trading to gambling, and I don't think you should do it the same, but I'll be honest, the psychology is quite similar. That's why if you have a really good poker player, a lot of times they're going to make a good trader, not only because they don't cry over losses, but because they understand.
the psychological adversity that they face during poker, which is similar to what you face in trading, just because it is a prospective form of income where you don't know if you're making money and you're basically using a strategy that is based on probabilities. So whenever you're coming to the market and
you know, you're looking at this as just, you know, come in here and make a lot of money. You see everybody on Twitter that's doing good and maybe they're really not, or regardless, it doesn't matter. You get influenced that, of this false narrative that you just come in the markets, you trade every day, go hard, make, you know, tons of money every day. And when that doesn't happen, you know, you gotta, you try to overcompensate for it. Or even when it does happen, you get high off of it and you want more and you find yourself making a little bit of money.
giving it right back or maybe giving it back and then some and it's you know whenever you haven't ever done it it's hard to have that discipline of you know a daily goal or a daily stopping point for losses or just taking one trade a day or two trades because like look at all the assets that that i have here between the watch lists i have we've got 323 330.
365 different assets. That's not probably the same as crypto, but we'll just say 365 assets. Now, if I sit here all day long, how many trades do you think there are in all these assets among all strategies you could use to trade? It's endless. So if you know that, and you know that you're playing a game of odds,
If you just go play blackjack, and again, I'm not trying to say this is we're playing blackjack, but there are similarities. If you just go play blackjack 12 hours or something like that, did you make money most of the time? Probably not. Did you make money at one point? Maybe, but you gave it back.
So I think having the willpower and the gratitude for the small wins and the low-hanging fruit is how you build an account and also how you build confidence because losing isn't good for your psychology, right? And you can get better at losing and to be a good trader, you have to be a very good loser, right? The best traders are the best losers. And I even work on that sometimes because I really don't like losing.
I don't like it. Puts me in a bad mood. That's the one thing I'm really working on, right? I've gotten a lot better at it over time, but it's not good to put yourself in a position where you do really good and then you erase it all because that effect that it will have on you psychologically is far worse than the dollar amount that you have lost because it's going to influence you the next day or maybe even longer and cement bad habits to where you're stressed, you're in a
kind of like a lack mindset where you're not doing good enough and you're going to force yourself to go out and take risks you shouldn't be taking, putting yourself in trades you shouldn't be in, taking losses you're not supposed to take. And the key to profitability is not only knowing when to execute, but knowing when not to. And I think it's more when knowing when not to.
Because it's not that hard to get in the market and make some quick money off a good trade and then just be done, right? You always want to sit there and continue to trade though, but it's all about day by day. And I put this quote on Twitter. It's so true. Like somebody actually in play, but Haas is the one who said it to me. I stole it from Haas, but it's...
everybody says or people people want to trade for a living but they trade every day like it's their last day and that's like 90% of people because it's like you're just in that moment and that the model is showing itself and you're just oh I'm gonna miss it you know what I mean that's just like dude
we have literally to the end of our careers to take trades. The sooner you get familiarized with the feeling of not just watching a trade run without you and maybe even you did TA on it and just being genuinely okay with that and accepting that that's part of trading and also accepting that a losing day is just another transaction and it's not the end of the world and it doesn't make you a piece of shit and doesn't mean you should self-sabotage yourself or maybe you've taken a lot of losses.
You have to understand that it all comes with trading, right? It's part of the industry we're in. It can be a very stressful industry if you let it, but you got to act like, you know, this is your job. You're going to have some days that are going to be good. You're going to have some that are bad. And I mean, if you're very new, then you really shouldn't be that surprised having bad days. You should look at those as your lessons. So, you know, maybe you're paying someone to mentor you or you're paying for courses, but.
All that's great, but you're going to end up paying a tuition to the market regardless. So you've got to look at everything as a positive outcome, like a silver lining kind of thing. Every time you take a loss, that's an opportunity for you to reflect and to ask yourself, how can I do better? So for me, a good example of this last week, I got stopped out twice at breakeven on the S&P once and the NASDAQ once.
Both of those trades would have been four to five R trades, but instead they were a small loss due to slippage. Pretty much break even, but they ended up being a small loss. So watching that at first, it infuriates you. You're just like, holy shit, I just fumbled a bag, right? You start thinking, I said, oh man, I just fumbled 9R. Oh dude, you're such an idiot. What the fuck? Stuff like that. And then I realized, I'm like, okay.
You know instead of sitting here and being irritated and upset about it Utilize it and make sure you don't do it. So then I said, okay, how could I have prevented this just look at it from an objective viewpoint? Okay, well
Why did I move my stop loss to breakeven? Then when you're real with yourself, you realize, okay, well, the reason I moved it to breakeven was because I was scared the price was going to turn around on me and it was going to give me a loss. But why was I scared of getting a loss? Because I know that my strategy is profitable. And I know that over time, I've proven to myself that even if I lose, that odds are...
At the end of the day, at the end of a series of trades, I'll have one. So if I truly know that, then why am I scared to take a loss? Why am I moving my stop loss up? So the next couple of days I said, okay, well, I'm adding to my rules. I'm not moving my stop losses to break even on indices until I've taken profit.
or I've broken external structure. So now I've added a mechanical aspect and a remedy to the shortcoming that I had. So then the next couple of days, I posted on Twitter and in the Discord, then had a really good two days. And this week's been really good, right? And one of the trades that I took last week, and I'll show you, I would have, it would have happened, the same thing would have happened to me if I,
Wouldn't have this one, I think. Where is it? It was on what day? 9.29. Oh, here it is. Yeah, look at this. And this is after I took two trades. It was one down here. I got stopped at breakeven. It ran without me. And then the next day I came to the market. I said, okay, you developed your bias. I think this was a previous daily high or something. I can't remember what the target was. Or no, it was just this liquidity.
I think it was the previous daily high. Yeah, it was. And this is just like that PM setup we went over today. Price comes up, consolidates under the previous daily high on a buy day. Get that right after what time? Look, right after 130, liquidity rate down. After that, you wait for your model to be apparent, take a trade, and look what would have happened had I set my stop loss to break even. Would have happened again.
But because I was mindful of, you know, I sat back and I said, you know, why are you fucking up? Like, what's wrong? What's wrong with you? Like, you know what you're doing.
What the fuck are you doing? And I realized, okay, it's just a fear thing of taking a loss, so I can't be scared to take a loss. And when I enter this trade, I fully accept that this might get hit, and I'm not going to let it ruin my day or let it make me upset or cause any kind of pain because I know that maybe I lost this trade, but then the next trade will make up for it and then some. So since I eliminated that fear, look what happened. Price came right back down to my entry and then ran to my profit target. Now, I won't lie.
During this, was I just totally calm? No, I was sitting there like, motherfucker. But I knew that I had to tell myself, okay, remember, you made this mistake twice this week. Don't do it again. I would rather take the loss than to see this happen. So that's a good example of...
understanding that losses are just more or less lessons and opportunities to sharpen your edge. Because if you're like me, my goal is to become as close to perfection as possible. But I know that I'm nowhere near at the end of the day where I want to be at the end game. And I know, how am I going to get there? I've done all the fucking studying in the world. I've watched the ICT so much. I've done so much shit.
So I know that's not where it's going to be. Where is it going to be? It's going to be from sharpening yourself psychologically. So look at those as opportunities to do that. Somebody said, Casper Adeliki, it seems you don't use Choach. Can I ask what you use before you take a trade apart from Lickrate at New York Session? It's the same, that PM model right here, you're looking at it. So Lickrate after 130, I look for what liquidity is rated first.
All right. So right here, we took the low. We had a five minute view. Any swing low to be formed or any just low, right? Because we had a candle right here that had a higher low, higher low. So this is going to be an area of structural liquidity. Not the craziest. Price plunders under it. So then bam, I have an idea. What do I wait for? A shift in market structure, leaving a fair value gap.
That's the only thing I use now. Now, I'm not saying that Choech doesn't work. I used to trade a lot off of it, but I am saying that I have fine-tuned my strategy down to this because I know that this is the most efficient, and I'm most confident in this, and it's the most refined. I know exactly what time of day. I know everything is very specific, so if something stops working most of the time, like if I'm wrong, I take a loss, it's reliant on one thing.
And that's daily bias being wrong. But I have eliminated a shitload of variables because when you're trading supply and demand in every single order block, there's a lot of variables there. There's always, oh, that wasn't the strong high. And there was still, you know, there's so much stuff. So I just, I know what I'm looking for. And this is the most consistent for me.
So I said maybe a pullback on XRP could fake out the bull flag. And yeah, I appreciate you too coming through the streams. I appreciate you taking the time to watch them. So this is a good question. Do I use the IPDA and your trading analysis? I'm assuming you're talking like the 20, 40, 60 day highs and lows. I mean, I don't really use them that often, but anything that you're going to get from ICT.
There's nothing in there that's just garbage. But the way that I have interpreted it and that I use it is I find what I need. And personally, I might start including that more. It's funny you said that because I was watching back through months five to seven and I was kind of looking at that and I think I might start marking them, but I'm not going to really trade off them until I see how the market reacts with them.
Because I know where I'm at right now, I'm doing fine without it. And this goes back to something else I've talked about before. If you are profitable consistently and you don't have a hard time trading, most of the time the improvement is going to lie within the psychological factors. It's not going to be learning new technicals. Because there's been times in my trading where...
I really went, you know, it was like I was doing good with something and then I started learning something new as I was still trading live and I started like fucking up because there's that learning curve that's inevitable. But I always encourage people, if you're extremely profitable and, or not even extreme, if you're consistently profitable or you like have proven to yourself like, okay, my analysis is good, right? Like what I'm doing works. I understand it. All you got to work on at that point is the psychology. And everybody asks me like,
They're about to do a challenge. What's my biggest tips? And everybody, I tell everybody the same thing. It's all fucking psychological. That's it. It's the technical part of trading is the easiest part of trading. Hadaliki said, do I wait for an obvious lick rate to be taken than a fair value gap created when a break of structure occurred, taking the trade at that fair value gap?
Yeah, pretty much. That's a good way to put it. I mean, it's just, yeah, like, so I'll draw it out a little cleaner. So we'll say we've got an area of sell-side liquidity. This is just a long model. So then price comes down, takes that liquidity, and shows a shift up. And this is very simple.
And this is just the, you know, there's actually a meme going around of this on Twitter. But this very simple smart money reversal. So you come into sell side liquidity. Again, the time efficiency is key. You want this to be right around the London close in the morning. So really anywhere from 9.30 to 11 a.m. is the ideal areas for the a.m. session. And you're going to use the 15 minute chart. And again, I'll invert it. Just that's what it would be for a sell.
Now, if you're in the PM, you would want this to come after 1.30, and this could just be any five-minute low. You guys saw that example I just went over. No new techniques or strategies are required when everything is working fine. It's like adding water to a glass that's already filled. Exactly. There's a saying we have in the States, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
yeah on that note guys see if there's any more questions and if not I'm probably gonna hop off and we'll still be streaming tomorrow and Friday but I will
I'm not going to be trading, so I will kind of just provide commentary. Be mindful that NFP is on Friday, so expect some volatility tomorrow and the next day, and things aren't going to be as smooth or work as clean as they usually do, odds are. And again, there's always another day to trade, so I just look at it like, why not take two days off? I never take time off. Yeah, and I got my birthday this weekend.
I appreciate it. I appreciate you too, man. I appreciate all you guys for coming through. Hopefully this helped. If it did, like, comment. I always forget to ask that. I'm a shitty YouTuber. No, I'm just kidding. But it does help a lot. The videos get, it's crazy. Like just a little engagement goes a long way. So I appreciate you guys. And if you got any questions, you know how to get at me. Until tomorrow, be safe and I will see you then. Peace.
