This stupid simple strategy consistently gives me days like this, this, and this, and I'm about to show you exactly how. It's called the first candle rule, and it is so simple that even a beginner couldn't mess this up. And in this video, I'm going to share the full strategy and do a one month back test to prove to you that you could become a profitable trader today.
if you simplified your trading so you see how much i've made but the real question is how can you do it by the end of this video there is one goal which is for you to make consistent profits trading using a proven and simple strategy now in order to do that you're going to learn two different entry methods that work in any market and are great for prop firms and after i teach you the strategy we're going to test it over the last month to see exactly how much money you would have made trading it and we're going to break down multiple examples that way you have the confidence you need to go out in the market and trade it on your own
the strategy is called the first candle rule now the first candle rule is that the first 30 minute candle of the day tells you everything from the direction of the trade where to enter where to put your stop loss and where to take profits for this strategy you're only going to trade from 9 30 a.m to 11 a.m eastern time so just 90 minutes of the day is all you need to make money trading so if you're in school or maybe you have work or maybe you just don't want to sit in front of the screens all day then this strategy is perfect for you
this strategy works on all markets whether it's stocks options futures forex or crypto and you're going to use the same times for every market now there are two different time frames that we're going to use for this first candle and the first one we're going to go over is the 30 minute time frame the way you find this is you go on trading view and you select the 30 minutes up here or you can click this button right here
and you click 30 minutes now there are a few rules you need to follow for this to work correctly but the good news is it is very very simple and it's a repeatable strategy that is suitable for either beginners or advanced traders so let's go ahead and dive right into our first example now the first step of the strategy is to draw the 30 minute high and low now this is the candle that is made between 9 30 a.m and 10 a.m eastern time to draw the high and the low you're going to go up here to the left and you're going to select the trend line and you're going to take the high
and the low, and we're gonna mark that out. And for step two, we're gonna go to the five minute chart and wait for a break of one of these levels. You go up here to the five minute chart and you select this right here, and that will take you down to the five minute chart. As we can see, the level was broken nearly immediately. Now this brings us right to step three, and that is to wait for a fair value gap back into the range. Now, if you're not familiar with what a fair value gap is, it's very, very simple. It's just when we have an expansive candle that causes a gap,
between the candle before it and the candle after its wick. So if we zoom in right here, you'll see there's a very small area in between these two candles. That is a fair value gap. In order to get a good look at your risk to reward, which is important, you're gonna go up here to the left and you're gonna select the long position. If you're buying, the short position is if you're selling, which we'll go over some bearish examples later. But for this example, you would enter the market as soon as this candle closes, which confirms that there is going to be a gap.
with this candle right here you're going to take your stop loss and you're going to put it at the base of these candle bodies this is very important so if we look right here you want to make sure that your stop loss lines up with the lowest candle bodies not the wicks and for your target you're just going to go for a fixed two to one return this means that for every 100 that you have at risk you make 200 if the trade hits your target so you would buy the market right here
You would take your stop loss and put it down below and you would take your take profit and put it at that two to one risk to reward. And yes, that is it. Now, if you're wondering how can this be profitable, it's so simple. Well, you're going to see just how much money you would make when we go over the full back test. Now, if you look at this trade example right here, you want to let it play out. You don't want to micromanage it and just let the trade do the work for you and be confident that it's going to hit your target. And as we can see in this example, the market ends up hitting the target.
Now, this trade entry was at 10.05. Remember, we wanna make sure we're entering all trades before 11 a.m. And from 10.05 just to 12.10, so in just about two hours, you would have made $2,685 on this single trade. And even though this strategy is powerful on its own, there is a sweet spot that happens inside the first 30 minutes that is a specific time window that gives you even more winning trades.
If you're getting value from this strategy, you should join my totally free community. I made this for traders who want to be consistently profitable without all the confusion and strategies. I'll leave the link to that in the description. And this brings us to the most important part of the strategy, which is the five minute first candle rule. We're going to break this down in three extremely simple steps. Step number one is just like we did on the 30 minute candle. You're going to draw the high.
and the low of the first five minute candle this is 9 30 to 9 35 a.m eastern time step number two is we're going to go to the one minute time frame and wait for a break so we go up here click the one minute and it'll take us down to the one minute time frame now what we're going to wait for is the market to break through this level but here is where things get a little different
than the first 30 minute candle. And that's because for step three, we're gonna watch for either a retest or a fair value gap for confirmation. Now in this example, we have a fair value gap. We'll break down some retest examples here in a second. So since we broke through the high and created a fair value gap through it, this shows us that buyers are very strongly in control. So we would wanna get into a buying position and we wanna put our stop loss down at the low of the candle that broke the high.
so whatever candle broke through the level and created a fair value gap that is where our stop loss would go and just like the last one for this one we are just going to go for a fixed two to one risk reward that way you're not overwhelming yourself getting confused trying to pick out a target so you'd want to enter the market and you'd put your stop loss at that candle's low and place your target up above and then after that you let the market do the heavy lifting for you and sit back and have confidence that your trade is very likely to hit the target
And this trade took from 9.36 a.m. until 9.53. So 17 minutes to make $525 on this single trade. So here is the next day. As you can see, we have this 9.30 five-minute candle marked with the high and the low. And then we go into the one-minute chart and wait for a break. Now this is going to be the retest style entry. As you can see, the market pretty quickly breaks through the high. However, we haven't got a retest or a fair value gap. So a break.
you need to have a close we did get a close right here but what you would want to have happen after that is the market to tap back down into the level and reject from it now in this example we just closed right back into the range which shows us that the market is not ready to move to the upside so we don't want to take a buy and this saves us from a losing trade
but this does not mean that our opportunities are over because we can wait to see if the other side of the range gets broken and notice how right here we close through the range then the market tapped back into it with this wick and closed back outside the range so that's exactly what we're looking for we want to see a closure outside the range the market tap back into the level
but then close outside of it just like this. If you also notice, we created another fair value gap right here. So that is a very high probability entry. And at this time, you would want to enter a short position, meaning you want to sell or make money when the market moves to the downside. You would put your stop loss at the candle that originally broke out of the level. And then you would take your risk to reward tool, drag it out to two to one risk to reward. So you make
twice as much money as you have at risk, you wanna sell the market, put your stop loss up above and put your target down here and sit back and let the market do the work for you. It is literally that easy. Now, as you can see on this day, in about four minutes, you made another 500 bucks. So just in these two days, in less than an hour of work, you would have made $1,000 trading one ES contract. And that is in just two days.
Now for the back test, what would it look like if you traded this for an entire month? As you can see here, you would have had
fifteen thousand dollars trading this simple strategy over a month with never going more than thirteen hundred dollars in a drawdown and this was in just 90 minutes or less of trading per day now for those of you who are serious about trading i've recently opened up slots to work directly with me and trade alongside me at the market open and i'm so confident about my program that i guarantee you will become a funded trader in 12 weeks or i will personally sit down with you and trade with you until you get funded i'll leave the link to apply at the top of the description and also
guys if this video is valuable to you make sure to subscribe and like the video thank you guys for watching and i'll see you in the next one
