What's good? What's good? I'm going to give everybody a second to get in here. Pretty uneventful day so far, except pre-market for indices just due to all the news. Anytime we have FOMC in the afternoon, I usually just sit out. There were some opportunities, I guess. You could have shorted this fair value gap maybe. I haven't really looked too deep into it. I see something over here, but really nothing that is...
high value, in my opinion, or high probability. In hindsight, it would have been a profitable trade. But whenever we're talking about these volatile news days, in my experience, it's better just to sit out because it really sucks to be on the wrong side of that. One second. Sorry about that. I had a message I had to respond to. Now, when we look at...
The daily low over here on the S&P. We still haven't taken that. I mean, I think the S&P, that opportunity kind of already played out. I could be wrong. Again, FOMC can change everything. You come out and say something stupid and everything starts flying. But when I'm looking at this range we're currently in, well, that's from yesterday. You're long, right? I'm not in anything right now, but I'm looking for these highs up here, if anything.
I got in on after the liquidity raid on the one minute that displacement that happened to the upside. Yeah, it's there, but I just never really trade on FOMC days just because. I'm on a small lot size. I'm only up 700 bucks. Nice. It went up and then.
Like I feel like I did one of those moments where I could have traded it three times because it went up I could have taken profits. It was up like a thousand bucks Yeah, that's what I was saying in the beginning this I was like I see the opportunities I just don't really see them as like high probability just because the news I mean the price action is good like I'm assuming you got in probably I'm somewhere in this fair value gap Yeah, I got in at 30 It looks good but I give anything like the areas that I see
where a lot of stops will be residing. I mean, it'd be kind of aggro, but really all this up here. Yeah, I got 35.98 is my entry on it. Nice.
yeah i mean i could have got a way better entry if i would have done the 705 versus the 50 percent of green but yeah i've been trading these liquidity rates for the past couple days that i haven't been in here i've just been trading these liquidity rates one to three setups uh what's it called um i'd watch nq it's actually trading it traded into this mitigation block off of the five minute and 15 minute and it's uh
they got a liquidity rate to the upside that violated the candle but it's respecting it right now to the downside it's uh it's from the five minute on mq no i see it it's in between tokyo new york yeah that was gonna be my tp but i didn't like i'm trading es and not uh because yes uh what's it called
It didn't do what NASDAQ's doing. Yeah. Yeah, I'm just sitting on the sidelines for now. I mean, if anything, what I would like to see is some kind of push up above all these highs during FOMC and then come down and clear out the lows. That would be the FOMC thing to do. But I'm not going to bet on it or play off of it. But if that happens, great. If it doesn't, cool, whatever. And we have CPI tomorrow, too. So it's going to be a pretty.
eventful 48 hours. I honestly don't think the FOMC minutes are going to do anything. I don't think it is either. It never does. But I still, I just know that anytime I go outside of my rules, I always regret it. And I mean, I can definitely tell. I mean, this morning is acting differently due to that 100%. For instance, like we came down into this recapitalized the fair value gap.
I guess you could say light displacement after we came down into it the first time, definitely. But then that, we came down, formed some equal lows. Really no major moves here except pre-market and then at open. That's really the only place I see any kind of displacement. I mean, I guess right here, that second reaction from the original fair value gap. But I don't know. I just didn't really see anything.
that I would deem as, if anything, what I was looking at, the trade that I would have wanted to take, just because, so theoretically, yes, we got a liquidity to the downside, but if we don't get a clear power of three around midnight, I usually take profits pretty aggressively. Like for instance, if,
Like if I would have longed here, I would have probably wanted to be pretty much fully out of this high. But with that being said, I could see all this getting cleared out, but it just goes against my system. But the setup that I would have wanted to take would have been the rate of this high right here. But again, it's still just not really the greatest, but it would have been this fair value gap after you got this shift in market structure right there.
You want to get it right here, but they would have cut you on like the last target would have sort of been, you know, this would have been a partial and then wrote it down. But I almost took it, but I was like, no, just chill.
Anytime I take trades, like literally anytime that I go out of my system, I always regret it. Like I would rather miss out. Like I feel better psychologically when I miss out on something because of like following my rules than I do whenever I lose on something by not following my rules. There's nothing worse than that feeling.
for me at least that's whenever i'm like wow you're you know you get mad at yourself that causes more of a disruption for me than anything but yeah i mean overall look at bitcoin i haven't even looked at corn i've seen a lot of people talking about this like one hour order bulk here which i could see that being a nice uh area right there i mean there's so much liquidity getting engineered under it so i i kind of like that poi um if the lower time frames started to uh
shift around here, probably like a five minute, I would consider maybe taking a long up to this buy side up here, just because I really want that fair value gap. I'm interested to see how CPI affects everything though, because that can throw all this TA to the dumpster real quick.
Or we raid into, I have seen, you know, when we were this far away, like for instance, if Bitcoin, you know, moved a little bit up today and then just dumped down into the POI during CPI and held there, that would be a class A news setup whenever we raid into a POI that we've had set for a while. And I usually don't really play like supply and demand, but I like this because it's a pretty clear order block, in my opinion. It got engulfed and literally.
even the fair value gap that was created after it has never saw a price never saw a premium or a discount i should say so to me that's definitely unmitigated in my book and um i'm interested to see how we react once we come back down there
Yeah. And that's whenever indices start to, even if it's choppy, like right here, this shows that price was reaching up higher. Now, where was it reaching? Who knows? Maybe it was just reaching up to this high. Maybe NASDAQ was reaching up to a high. But when we're that high up in the range, it's kind of just, again, it's just where we get to those setups where it's lower probability, in my opinion, because of where we're at in the range. And look, it's pissing right now. Take that? No, I didn't take that. Interesting.
We'll flash dump right at lunch Here's somebody said can you show a good or a few examples on how I saw the daily bias today to be honest It wasn't that clear today. I mean if anything, you know, we're looking at
This range right here. Yeah, everything is. Seems like. If I would look at the draw, it would probably be the daily low down here if I had to pick a draw. But then whenever we come into the lower time frames, there's no clear bias here, in my opinion. I mean, yes, it came up and made a high, which theoretically, I guess, is the high of the day. But I don't like this right here. That's not clear to me. That's not very clear price action. So to me, I mean.
you know, would lean more bearish towards those lows, like the daily low. And that was kind of why I didn't want to long this morning, or even if it wasn't F1C, I probably wouldn't have taken along just because the target wouldn't be that far. But, you know, everything's a little weird, too, whenever you have these high impact news days, again, because, you know, you can look at that as, I mean, I wouldn't look at that as a clear power of three. I mean, theoretically, you know, you had your little accumulation right before midnight.
manipulation, and then a shift in structure. But then it returned way past OTE, which, I mean, that's not a deal breaker, really, just if it doesn't break the high. But I don't like this right here. That's just not really efficient, in my opinion. So to me, it just wasn't that clear of a day. So I had no problem sitting out, especially with the news.
But good question, because days like this, it's not really very easy to pick the daily bias. I'm surprised that I don't even know what it's coming off of. I guess it is the NASDAQ actually is a little clearer here. Flashdump, Reddit News. I'm going to come down and sweep all these lows. I mean, you can still study these days. I wouldn't say you'd have to completely...
Just not pay attention to the market. I think they're good days to like just observe. But as far as getting yourself involved and risking money and stuff and just.
Overall, whenever you get in days like this, I think it's a little more psychologically taxing. If you do, for instance, let's just say this just dumped all the way right now, and it would suck to get stopped out. And theoretically, you could look at it like it doesn't make sense, but shit's not going to make sense a lot of the times on those high-impact news days. It's just how it goes. This is reaching towards something.
Yeah, not a super eventful day or really too too much to go over to be quite honest. I mean this week early in the week we Had to look forward to reach for the low and I wanted to come a little higher as of yesterday, but it failed to do that Where was euro there was another setup that I was looking at
Euro got violated like crazy right here. It was a nice sell actually because this is a good example where bias can change really quick because we were talking about this fair value gap and to watch for an opportunity there. But when price travels through it like that and gives no opportunity, then that's whenever you know that there really wasn't any orders that were of value in there and that pump up was probably just a mitigation up into this fair value gap. So at that point, you would look for a bearish bias and you can see that coming into that fair value gap.
I think it was actually right at kill zone too. I didn't take the high, the Asia high. Pretty sloppy there as well, to be honest. If I would have been watching this, I would have wanted it to take that high before entering a trade, which it didn't. So again, whenever we have these days, it's just, I don't know. I always see pretty inefficient price action. There's definitely money to be made, but just not as precise as I would like it.
So he said, what's my opinion on FTMO? I think it's good. I think FTMO and MFF are definitely the best two. And you kind of just got to pick based off personal bias, like what you like better. I would say the main plus that FTMO has is better customer service and more skin in the game. They're a little more reliable. And then MFF has...
better, easier challenge. They give you more money. I think the logistical side of MFF makes a lot more sense. But if you want to go with something that's been in the game longer and you can trust more, theoretically, I would maybe look in that or FTMO. True Forex funds is good too, from what I've heard for crypto. I think there's benefits for each different
Can't think of the word. Each different prop firm. You know, if you're a crypto trader, you might want to go with TFF because they have the best crypto spreads and more cryptos to trade. For instance, on MFF, trading crypto, unless you're trading Bitcoin, is pretty much pointless, unless you're trading swing trades. Because Ethereum and Litecoin, the spread is $4. So to put it in perspective, if you wanted to enter a short here, you'd actually be entering a short.
here. You see what I mean? How much of a difference, because $4 on Ethereum, it may not sound like much, but it is a lot. What's oil doing? Yeah. Oil's been moving crazy lately.
So, Algo, you may actually know the answer to this. With, like, crude oil and then there's, like, U.S. oil, how is that affected, like, by all the OPEC stuff, like, where they're talking about cutting production? It's the same. It affects it the same. The only difference is that, like, it all depends on which country is speaking because U.S. oil is sweet crude.
And then the other one is sour crude. So like in China and everyone in the eastern countries, they use sour crude. We use sweet crude over here. So it just it just really depends. But when they talk about cutting barrels of oil, they mean overall in general. Right. So they both get affected. The thing that's going to affect them differently is if China says they're cutting demand or if somebody over here says they're cutting demand.
Right, that makes sense. Yeah. Litterites. Everything's just coiling right now. Oil is the biggest mover. Yeah, it has to do with Nigeria. What's going on over there?
um their their reserves are shooting up and every time we've had a recession their reserves are at an all-time high um so that plus the monetary policy is affecting oil a lot makes sense
so he said usd cad like that drop right there in the stock market was nigeria saying that they're not going to be accepting european bonds oh really like just now yeah that's what that drop was on us interesting
So yeah, here with dollar CAD, it's an interesting chart because if I'm looking at the weekly, I mean, this looks like it's ready for some form of move to the downside. But where DXY is at, it's kind of suspect to try to short anything, short the dollar at all. But I mean, if I look at the weekly range, we're at an optimal trade entry. We filled an imbalance right here. I could maybe see...
a push up into this order block right there i could see that like but i think that shorts don't look bad here just looking at the chart um but you do have to take into account all the macroeconomic factors at play um oil um is it cad is uh correlated with oil correct i'll go i think it is
Yeah, that's because that's their heaviest export. Right. Yeah. So if we see a big move in oil and the dollar at the same time, you could see some pretty big volatility here. I mean, if you notice, we're pretty overextended. So if I'm looking at this weekly impulse move, I could maybe see a tap back up into this.
weekly order block right here and then a retracement back down into a discount at this range so overall right now i would still look for this to go a little higher um i don't know that daily the way i pipped this high yeah i could i could definitely see a little retracement where i look at the lower time frame so the daily we pipped that high right there and we go down to the one hour we look at this kind of general range we have right here
This is a pretty big range. We could probably refine this, but this is what I see as the two most recent points that we've moved pretty aggressively away from. We've got a nice liquidity pool under these lows, right? And then we've shown the intention to go lower here. Now it's kind of consolidating. Again, anything with a dollar is pretty fickle, but I see this as we've rated that daily liquidity, market structure shift.
that's returning that fair value gap, expanded to the downside, but didn't really take anything of much value. I mean, it just went down into this order block.
This is pretty interesting, honestly. This is one where I'm looking at it and I'm not very clear on it. So I would probably sit it out if it were me trading it because I see the narrative that, yes, we broke structure right here after taking that daily liquidity, expanded to the downside, and we were reaching, but we only went down to this order block and responded pretty rapidly away from it. The only reason we'd respond like that was to A, mitigate, or
take liquidity above so you got that market structure shift right there price came up into this bearish order block and then we return down right into a discount of this impulse move right here and then showed desire to go to the upside so this tells me it's reaching for something higher now really the only obvious area i would see is this right here and that kind of goes more with the weekly but you can see how
I see both sides of that, to be honest with you. Another thing you got to remember is CPI is going to affect this chart insanely heavily. So I would probably chill on it for now, but overall looking at the weekly chart, I would look for a push higher into this order block, right at optimal trade entry, and then start to look for sales back down to equilibrium of this impulse move. And the reason I'm not going to sit here and say, you know, sell the dollar all the way down to here. I just, I think everybody kind of goes without saying that.
The macroeconomic factors at play probably wouldn't agree with that. So shift right there. I mean, you could really draw even any of these candles, but got that shift.
I would look for a price to probably return up into this right here and see how we react there. It's weird because we have these equal highs here. Yes, we got a market structural shift, but whenever I look at these shifts, I kind of ask myself, why was it shifting or what was the context? And I mean, to be honest with you, I guess you could say these highs right here, that would have been it, but I wouldn't be looking to take a trade off that.
This is more just study anyways, because I'm not going to trade regardless. But I guess the liquidity above these highs, small money sold to those buyers, it seems like. I don't know if it was just to do with the news, but this is one of those where it's not that high value. One second. All right, I'm sorry. Okay, so next. How long do payouts take? It's three to five days, but it's quicker to be honest. I mean, that's what they said was three to five days.
You have to go through a deal, which is like a payment setup thing. It's to pay people abroad. So I'm not sure how long they actually take to pay them, but I know how those little payment services can go. Shit can get wrapped up for... I was pretty lucky. Mine was less than two days or less than 48 hours, I should say. Take on ETH today. I mean, holy shit, that wick.
I mean, if you want to be technical, it's literally been in this same range since the FOMC. Nothing's been broken. So it's been just consolidating. You're just really looking at price bouncing from discount to premium, just kind of consolidating here. I mean, there's really nothing of value, in my opinion. I would say it's probably overall reaching for this low, though.
And the reason for that is we came down here And you could see the market was moving up a little bit that was just rating liquidity After it took that we saw a shift in market structure there with displacement and then another shift in market structure there So in the lower timeframe is probably some form of market maker sell model Reaching down and then now we've probably created a 15-minute see This is dog shit. I mean, you know you would
It's interesting because I mean theoretically this would have been the impulse move that created this new little range and then that's been taken but Again, I wouldn't I'm just I'd stay on the one hour with this and just make it simple I think the overall draw is going to be this low at 1260 to fair value gap 1350 to 1360
Yeah, I could see something like that during FOMC. That's kind of what I would like to see on indices too, like a flash pump into a dump. But again, I mean, I'm not going to trade based off that or attempt to, I guess I would say get married to that narrative.
That seems like that's what FOMC likes to do is pump and then dump so And again to like we were saying earlier it is just FOMC minutes so we could see The lackluster if any reaction
ICT over here talking shit about all the YouTubers. That shit was funny. He put that yesterday. It was like, he put this guy's YouTube up and said nonsense. I think that's actually a different one. I just thought that was funny. I was like, that would suck. ICT puts you on, because I haven't looked at the people to determine whether or not it is just bullshit or not. I would say 90% of the stuff that actually has traction on YouTube, like has a lot of views is total ass.
From what I've seen. I mean, there are some good Teachers but if the problem is they always try to like rebrand stuff and like overcomplicate it to like make it theirs and It just ends up making it more confusing for people to learn Yeah, one of this fair value gap a pretty uneventful day guys. I mean, there's really not too too much to go over I Would just be sitting on my hands until after FOMC and I don't even know if I'll take a trade after that
But you can just study and watch how price, like after we see this market structural shift, we can determine, okay, well, it's reaching for something down below. Then you look for an area, okay, well, where stop loss is most likely to be or order. So first stop would have been that low, which now got taken. That doesn't mean it's the last stop. So how would we determine that price is actually reaching to the upside? Well, we would need a shift in market structure. So we would want a displacement move up here.
creating fair value gaps, right? But then you look at it, well, where could it be drawing to? Well, look what we have right here. So again, like I've said before, you can, a lot of times you get maybe an entry model or price giving you what you would usually, you know, use as an entry or a bias or anything. You have to understand whenever you get more in depth, trying to trade smart money, like not just supply and demand and you're trading, you know, based off liquidity.
just because you've determined that price is reaching upwards, that's just half of it. You have to understand where is it reaching towards because it may not be a probable trade. So in this model, for instance, if we reach up from here, right? And you get like a massive displace and break a structure. Well, remember you're trading right into a fair value gap. That's at a premium.
you know is it a high probable trade setup you know even if you have a fair value gap here is it high probable to just long there well not in my opinion no even if it makes it there but that's a good example of you know you can understand that price is reaching for something but that doesn't mean um you know what it's reaching for it's all just about understanding ranges and discount and premium and where's the next area of liquidity yeah i don't know i saw ict saying all sorts of random stuff this morning he said um where was it
Five-minute yes three drive lower with by side 36 35 nothing I went to do with it yet And I was confused when he said that he said that right around What time was it actually so 941 so it was like right around here And I don't know I was like is he trying to say that this was a three drive that was going for the by side because I was like I didn't think so at that point But we'll see
But then he was sent after right after that that he thinks that the buy side of 36 35 which I'm pretty sure is the same high Yeah, it's this right here is gonna get hit before FOMC and then To the downside which I was kind of like I mean I'd like it like I was saying but I don't I don't know I even look at that as a three drive Pretty boring day so far some more questions. What is this?
Two FOMC wicks on Ethereum and both didn't get taken out, but on Bitcoin, the upper is taken already. Let's see. Oh, I know exactly what you're talking about. Yeah, that's that range that we've just been sitting within forever. This right here. Yeah, I mean, again, I wouldn't, that is true. And that was probably some kind of SMT divergence at that time, but I wouldn't really pay attention to that now, to be honest. That's just me.
Wouldn't that lick rate on ES5-minute that just left equal highs be considered as inducement? Yeah, it definitely could be, for sure. That's what I was kind of like. It's weird that it reacted so rough off of just these highs. But at the same time, that kind of displacement, I mean, the market's showing the desire that it's drawing to something lower. Now, where it could be drawing? I don't know. Maybe these equal lows right here, right? So, we'll see.
My bias on ES Daily, you can go to the beginning if you want to get a little bit more detail. We didn't really go over much, but I would say overall, this low seems pretty appealing.
Cause if you see, we came down and we didn't really get any kind of reaction, um, that held at least we got a nice reaction when it didn't hold from this order box. So that tells me that this low is what price is drawing to because after we came up here, came into this volume imbalance and price rapidly moved down. So that tells me, okay, well, where is price going to reach for, you know, maybe it was this order block when we got there, no reaction or confirmation tells me that we're reaching lower. And that's really the only target I see.
Yeah, not much of any opportunities today though See one potential long and one potential sell and the potential longer been off this fair value gap you could have either done a Because I mean if you just trade it off the top of it, it was definitely pointless but even Going down from this impulse move. Sorry this high You could have traded maybe a
or what you can do is take the fair value gap that you're looking at and trade the equilibrium of it. And these are all just methods of kind of refining your entry to trade if you have a massive POI.
which I recommend doing. I mean, if you, I don't really do the fair value gap equilibrium, but I always just look like if I have this move and I'm looking to trade off of it, I would have just traded off the equilibrium of the move because I, you know, yes, look for the first POI equilibrium, but, you know, if you have a big imbalance, you can always refine it. But either way though, looking at this, I just don't see the risk to reward.
unless it really does go up and take the highs, which I could see it, but that's, I know ICT said that, but I don't know. It's just not really what I would have looked for if he hadn't said it as far as for sure. I mean, something like anticipation, you know, okay, FOMC might pump up here, that kind of thing, but it's not something that I would, you know, want to put my money against. Thoughts on silver? Yeah, sure. It's going to draw down to this low as far as the weekly goes.
It looks pretty rough. I mean, you've got this massive range here and then you want to look at, okay, well, what, you know, areas of liquidity, if we are to continue bullish, which I don't think it will, you know, we came up and took the external liquidity. So I guess you could move this.
here, then you look what POIs we have in a discount. So I guess people would have looked at this as a demand candle, but I think when you have a very big order block just under it, it's not really something I would want to participate in personally. I would say that you look at all these imbalances, these clean lows, this order block, I would just say overall, this is drawing lower. So on the daily chart, it seems like this agrees.
Those equal highs now expanded rapidly down Let's say first stop, you know your draw you could look at You really already have met some of it. I mean it would have been a nice Pretty clear bias after you came up here and formed a swing high you could have said okay We're drawing down to this imbalance here and right here But looking at the weekly I would say all this is going to get taken. So I would say the weekly draw on liquidity Overall is that 17
557 and that's being conservative it probably is going to get under this imbalance i would say but i would just look for the next area it's recent so i would say bearish on daily and weekly on silver pretty clear what's up what's good not shit just just watching as long as are getting fucked right now it's wild that it reacted i mean i see all these equal highs but i would have anticipated it would take that
Double top shorter is one today. And double bottom buyers. Look at that. Sorry. I'm having to text my girl back. She's doing something for me. But yeah, I mean, not the most exciting day. So sorry, guys. Not really too much to go over. I'll probably hop off here in the next couple of minutes. I know it's early, but that's just really not much to unless we just want to watch spy piss.
Yeah, going back, as you said, you know, that lick rate in the five minute, you know, could have been an inducement, but, you know, we would want to confirm that it was before anticipating that. That's one thing I think smart money does that it cultivates a lot of anticipation and which is fine, but don't trade off of anticipation, right? Trade off of a reaction. You know what I mean? Like build your narrative based off of what's happened, not like, you know, some myriad of what could happen.
because then you get married to that narrative and you fail to see you know both sides of the coin which can be lethal
I think that's why I don't like about a lot of smart money teachers. They almost try to do that, I guess, or try to act like they have done that. Really, the fucking path tool will be the death of you. This shit, this path tool, if you draw that on your chart and leave it, I used to be bad at that. That's what you want. If you don't get that...
your brain's literally going to rationalize why it should have happened or why, you know, it's going to happen still. Whenever, if you just blanked everything off and looked at the chart and didn't have that bias, it would be pretty clear of what's going on. Too many lines. I got to clean this up. Half the time I'm trading, I don't even, like I use my trading view to plot out like higher timeframe stuff and overall ranges. But a lot of times if I'm like trading in the morning,
I literally just use my phone on MetaTrader because really when you're trading liquidity rates, it's all you need. You just need to know like what levels you need to have taken out before you have, you know, a framework. And then after that, it's just watching the one minute chart. So I found it to be a lot easier to do that. Less marking up stuff. Let's see if there's any more questions. Yeah, probably going to go ahead and hop off today, guys. There's really...
not much to go over. I would just sit on your hands, wait for FOMC. And even then don't force a trade after FOMC because we all know how that can get.
I would say most of the daily range has already been created with the PPI. And then also the FOMC is going to, that's going to be where all the volume is today. So, and that's really why I don't like trading news days. It's not only because you don't want to be on the wrong side of the market, but it's just whenever you have, you know, usually you're going to have an average range of the last five days of how much something can move.
And most of the time, if you have these big events, they're going to account for a lot of that move. And, you know, unless you're just gambling on the news, then you're usually going to be in a pretty choppy day like we see here. I mean, it's literally just nothing, just consolidation.
so um yeah until tomorrow i'll see you guys later for those that are in play bit we're going to have the class tonight we're going to go over the um second part in the series of indice trading and the strategies that we use and that'll be at 5 p.m if you guys want to hop in that you can join play with the free trial i use the code that's in the bio it's all caps casper and um yeah if you join at me in the chat so you are if not though i'll see you guys tomorrow at noon peace
