What's good? What's good? Is this mic even working? Give me one second. There we go. I'm going to give everybody a second to get in here. I haven't even, I have literally not looked at a chart. I've been still just kind of recovering from my birthday. I kind of glanced before I opened this. I mean, I looked at the intraday charts and I immediately saw where a sell would have been on NOS, but it was literally as the market opened.
Was there a new? Oh, yeah, that's right. I put up Forex Factory. So I was wondering, was there any news today? The 1030 spike was pretty wild to not have any news. What's up, Dan Cheese? And yes, see, we're back. It was nice to take a little break. So at a glance, looking at a dollar and looking at indices, we formed a volume imbalance.
Hide some of these. We formed a little bit of a volume imbalance here. This gap between candle bodies. I'm not sure much attention I would pay to that right now. There's really nothing that's already formed that's any premium of this little impulse move we've made to the downside. Potentially an imbalance could be forming, but it looks like...
It's a tough one. I'm not going to lie to you as far as where I think this day is going to go. If I would have came in in the morning, I probably would say leaning towards the downside just because it's so close to this low. And that's where everybody's stop loss is going to be that bought anywhere through the last week. And that pump in the beginning of the week, that's going to induce people to think this is the bottom. And a lot of times people are going to go all in there. And everybody knows what their stop losses are going to be.
So coming into the market this morning, we had, I don't know if I'd look at this as a fractal on the 15 minute here, but here on the one minute, when we zoom in, I'll show you guys where a nice little entry could have been. So if you see, we came into this order block, which is this daily candle formed over here. That's this blue zone. We came into this order block before the close on Friday.
And then we gap down even farther into it with the open on Sunday night.
So I'm going to go ahead and take out, and this is how you guys are going to see exactly how I marked things for the week, because like I said, I haven't looked at anything today. I decided to take today off. I might end up just taking all Mondays off because they are historically my lowest performance day. But I think Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays are the best days for day trading. And the reason for that is oftentimes Sunday and Monday is kind of just developing a range and engineering liquidity on both sides.
And it's a little harder to get a very high probability setup every Monday. Yes, the model will present itself. But I found that, you know, who knows at the end of the day, I am human. So all of my analysis and my journaling is somewhat discretional. But from my viewpoint, I see more failed setups on Monday than any other day. And also, I know that I can get things wrong as well. So I think it's kind of like a double whammy on why.
mondays might be a better day to take off now i have had like last monday i did really well but i can't let that influence you know before that my thought was okay mondays might be a little off so we can go ahead and we'll mark out this new york midnight open and i always mark these out just to to um
Kind of keep track of them and honestly this is gonna be This got violated right here this power of three and that's another this is a great example I guess I didn't see that till now if Mondays that they're just not as as clean in my experience, so I mean look I would have looked at this Well, I guess it did take out some liquidity here that actually played out Because if I look at this I'm gonna delete this and this I'm gonna delete all this because I don't like having so much clutter
So coming into the market, looking at the power of three, here's our midnight candle. We have that nice push down below, low made after the midnight session and the Asian session. All that got, well not the Asia low, that would be down here, but we came out and took out liquidity in this little range right here.
So then we expand up, and this happened right at 4 a.m., right before 5, so it's still London opening kill zone. Expanded the upside, retraced a little bit during the London lunch right at the New York Open, right at 7. That would have been a nice entry there. And then price expands, right? So looks like a good buy day, but the only problem is it really already played out to where the target would have been.
I've just been that clean high up in this premium of this impulse move. That would have been a conservative target. But if you look, I mean, it's oftentimes the first area of liquidity in premium of the most recent impulse swing. So that already had played out by the time this morning equity opened, because look at that time, that's right at 9 a.m. So looking at price before the market opened, there was a nice entry.
On a sell and we had this push up right above that high immediate shift in market structure or value gap entry Entry itself would have been right before the 930 open you need to get tagged in about 10 minutes early It hovered around there though so
I mean, it's pretty laid out for you. I've noticed that right before or right at the open, there are oftentimes some good trades and it's easy sometimes to get sucked into not looking at it in that form because, you know, we're waiting for that liquidity rate in the morning and there's nothing wrong with that. But once you start to gain a little more understanding about power of three with the midnight open.
Just because it's a buy date doesn't mean it's going to continue. You have to ask yourself, well, has it hit the target? Because if it's hit the target before equity opened, that's going to be a great sell signal. Because that is going to give the framework that that bullish narrative has already played out. It's already came and passed. We talked about this on Friday, but I can already see, if you're looking at this just too long.
Let's see. So if we're just looking to long, and honestly, I mean, I could see getting messed up on this. So if we look right here, so look at this line, that would have been the first low we ran. And look, we got a nice little move here. So we'll go back. So after you came under this low right here, anytime after this, you're looking for a shift in market structure of displacement. I wouldn't look at this as a shift. You know that, yes, we took the high, but no fair value gap, no displacement.
Well, you know, when you look over here, a lot of people get tripped up. And I'll show you NOS, the same price action on NOS. And that gave you more displacement, but still got faked out. So, yeah, this is displacement, right? 100%, that's displacement. That's a shift in market structure. It's a fair value gap. So why didn't it work? Well, when we look again, we came up and tapped into a liquidity objective and a premium. It's that order block right there.
So whenever you're kind of trading against the grain, if you will, like we have a really down, you know, impulsive down move. So when we're on the 15 minute, we're already in a bearish range. Right. So you have to keep everything in context. You know, we're already in a bearish range. We've shown extreme displacement to the downside relative to this TA. Now, if you just look at this in the sense that, OK, I'm looking for the first liquidity rate and I'm going to long or short and you have no bias and you're not looking at it.
from the perspective of you know what is price actually doing then you're going to be in a world of pain and you're going to get the entry model and it's going to stop you out so um yeah licorate into a fair value gap in a premium of the range yes there you know is still some uh
probably some liquidity left deeper in this. We have an order block, but we've cleared out most of the internal range and price moved expansively away from it. So we talked about the ranges. Once that happens, remember price is moving from external liquidity, which obviously took that over here at this massive move because this was our old range.
If you call it a range, but I'd say, let's use this down to here. So then you took out external, what price did it? It returned to a fair market value or above it and cleaned out internal liquidity. And then what did it do? It showed the desire to go lower. Remember, what is the daily chart? Like we said, it wasn't that clear, but leaning lower because yes, we are in a premium or a discount of this impulse move up and there is an order block here, but
You know, when everything is very bearish, and also we look at it from the perspective of, let's look over here. First time we came down, what happened? Stopped out. Then got an even bigger pump than what happened? Stopped out. Then the big move came. So that's kind of why we look at things from that. You know, a lot of people caught three taps. There's, you know, three drive. We have that one, two, three.
I'm not saying we're going to see exactly three liquidity rates, but it's stuff to keep in mind. Whenever you have other confluences that are like, okay, maybe we could be bearish. Let's pop out of the daily chart. What's it telling us? It's not super clear, but I see a reasonable bearish case. That can complement what you're seeing in the low timeframes. Weekly, obviously, we know. Another thing to keep an eye on is the reaction of this fair value gap. That's rough. That is super rough.
So I would say that we are seeking these lows. Now, depending on how the week goes,
Now let's say if we see a big bullish day tomorrow and Wednesday and we kind of move back up into this fair value gap without taking these lows. So let's just say maybe price does this number. I'm not one to try to predict. Let's just say it hovers around here and forms that support narrative, right? For retail traders to think that we're hitting a wall and then price moves up and consolidates in this fair value gap. At that point, I would look.
for price to come down and take this. Now, if we take those lows early in the week, we could see a reversal. Something else that I want to address with liquidity rates, you know, just because, let's just say, like, yes, we have taken out a weekly low here. But when we really look at the chart, we can look, remember, like I've said, we look for a reversal.
Like we look for signs of a reversal under that old low. Now, yes, we had an order block here. If you look at it in that sense, an equal low as they got taken out. So it could be a reversal zone, but we need more than just that. We need the daily to show strength and hold it. And we're really at the last, kind of the last stand, if you will. It's not really reacting to the 50% very good,
Usually that would lead you to look for liquidity under that order block. Not always, but on the daily chart most of the time. But as far as looking at things in the sense of how likely is a reversal to occur, we want to find very clean levels. So I see this as a very nice order block right here. Then we also have an imbalance right in front of it. So we could end up drawing even lower down to that. I think a lot of people have like 350 or 340 as a target.
Yeah, so don't get married to the narrative that we have to bounce here. Now in NQ, I look back this morning. One minute. I see you could have got faked out a couple times, to be honest. Because, I mean, if I was looking for a long, I mean, you wouldn't have had the entry, so to speak, because it never came to the fair value gap until too late. But, I mean, that's enough for me if I was looking for a long. Obviously, by the time price came down, what had price done?
we'd already moved to a premium, right? It took out all these highs right here. Even almost took out that high. So again, and really in hindsight, that's easy to see, but I could see how if I came into the market and wasn't really on my game and wasn't very convicted in a bias, I might've taken a loss there, which if you did, that's fine. There's nothing wrong with that. But I do think if you can eliminate those losses, that's huge. I know that with me, my...
biggest two problems that remain. And they're, you know, I would look at them not even as I mean, they're more in the way of like maximum efficiency, right? Because they're not causing me to trade badly. But I try to look at things like tuning a car, like if I'm tuning a car, and I have it on the dyno, you could fix every last little thing. And that's kind of the way I look at my trading. So I know that for me, like two biggest
issues and my flaws are taking profits too early or at the wrong time or not just i guess i would say taking profits so i'm going to start testing out a 2r model for a little bit just to see how it goes now i know that there's a lot of trades that will go much farther than 2r but i also know that a lot of my trades that ended up you know not being profitable or break even or you name it um they went to 2r first so if i could get one to two to our trades a day
um that'd be amazing right i mean that adds up very quickly now my second though um is
The losses that I take and maybe it's because I'm in hindsight, but the losses I do take when I go back and look at them, I'm almost like, what the fuck were you thinking? You know what I mean? Like, for instance, I took like a euro trade during the London session because I was up late one night and I never do that. It's just kind of like straying out of your strategy. So I took a loss on it. And then I look back last week and I was like, like, think about all those little losses you take. Just some doing something like.
out of your character or you know even if it's not like you're de-jetting if you're just you know yoloing or anything like that but you're doing something differently that you haven't tested but you're doing it with live funds whether you're up on the month or not it doesn't matter it's just efficiency right if you can if you could eliminate those small flaws they add ups very quickly to um to you know accelerate your trading
Now, it seems like all price is wanting to do when it's making these moves up is just mitigate. That's literally, that's why whenever you see price moving like this, a lot of people will blame the model and say it doesn't work. But remember, this little bit of price action that we always use, that, oops, I fucked it up. That, like the market structure shift, fair value gap entry.
All that is showing us is that whenever smart money is...
pushing price under an old low or area of liquidity, which we'll just imagine this line to be, that's just confirming a reversal. It's not some magic pattern that is, I mean, I guess you could look like that, but it's just all it's showing is that smart money is buying up these stops because we're making a higher high with a big force. That's all we're doing is we're just identifying that footprint of a large force entering the market. That's it. But
We have to remember, why is this large force entering the market? If it's bullish, it's to probably continue the market. For instance, if we have a day where we come down under London and we're right here in this imbalance at the open or above it, let's just say here was the London manipulation down here. We already mitigated that fair value gap. Then we're in this second continuation leg.
Right here, price in the morning is doing something like this. We've double bottomed right on top of an imbalance. This is something that would be like a continuation. So we'll say the market opens, you plunge under here, right? And then you get that one minute setup. That's something you take as a pro trend trade.
and you're going up to take the high or you're looking at it in that sense, right? You're looking at that narrative like this is why we're rating stops, right? But if we're something like this, like let's just say like this morning, this is what we were in. So you have this leg in price. Let's just say there's this imbalance up here and then price just massively moves down. Well, you got to look at that in a different context because yes, we did rate a low.
And yes, the lower timeframes are telling you to buy, but why are they telling you to buy? Now you've got this fair value gap. So you do this. This is what people wouldn't want to do.
and they're going to go here. They'll say, oh, next liquidity, right? But you're not looking at it practically. Like what does the range do? We're bearish in the range, right? The day is bear, or not the day, but the range is bearish. The price action is rebalancing. So this is more of a mitigation scenario. So instead of doing that, what you want to do is take a fib like this. And let's say maybe there's an imbalance right here.
So then you go here now look how different that is That's a 1.43 trade. Oh that etc. I remember setting that alert. We'll take a look at that
But now we are looking at a trade that, is this even worth it? Because a lot of times it's going to hit, it'll do this, boom. Now that's up for you to decide if it's worth it, 1.4 trade. And then you kind of think, okay, well, maybe I'm looking at this in the wrong scenario. Maybe you should just wait for price to come up here into that POI and then give you the model, if anything. And then, boom, you take that out.
Now you have a fair value gap, right? Then price comes up. That maybe could be your entry model. You understand? And that's how important it is to look at things from the correct perspective. Mike said, I hope you enjoyed your birthday, homie. What were some of your keynotes when you have when going through with a funded challenge? Yeah, I would really just make sure that you have a very defined system because
Most traders, they know how to trade in the aspect of
They know multiple things to look for. Like, you know, maybe you trade supply and demand and you trade liquidity rates and you trade harmonics and you trade this and you trade key levels. And while that system can be profitable with your own money, because most of the time your risk to reward is not that good with that kind of system. But if you have a very specific system, like for instance, like Scorpion, I see you're in here like the Orb Strat. That's a very specific system.
Me playing liquidity rates only at a certain time of day, that's a specific system.
So once you develop a specific system, then that's whenever you're ready to do a funded, in my opinion, because you start to really fine tune and nail down your weaknesses and your strengths and understand that once you have a consistent system, the only thing that is in your way is your own mind. And I will say that's the hardest thing to fix, but it is easier to fix if you have a specific system.
I actually just posted a YouTube short about how important it is to think in probability. So if you guys want to watch that, it is on my YouTube. But it's just really important to get your psychology right. Now, the only way you're going to do that is if you've proven to yourself with a system that you're profitable and then just have discipline and follow it and take your time. Because the psychology of doing a challenge and trading on a funded account, for whatever reason, even though it's not your own money,
When I'm trading on this account, I'm risking nothing, but I will hate taking a loss on this way more than I would hate taking a loss in my own account where I'm losing my own money. It doesn't make any sense, but that's just how it is for most people. So just be mindful of the psychology adversary you're about to face. I guess I should have said psychological.
It's Monday. Give me a break. Do I need a VPN for MetaTrader or what other brokers do you recommend? Taking your advice and going to stop staring at Bitcoin and start trading NOS and SPY. You don't need a VPN, but if you don't have it on Apple already, like if you never had the app, I don't think you can get it. I've seen things where people have talked about, like if you know somebody who has it, they can add you like as a family member on their iCloud.
And then you can get it that way going to the previously downloaded apps. I don't know if that works. I haven't tried it. So don't come back and say, oh, you told me this worked. I just heard that.
But if you can't get it on a iPhone, the other two options you have are go buy an Android. I wouldn't go buy a shitty, shitty Android because you want it to be operating decent, but you also don't need to go buy the brand new Galaxy. You could probably get away with spending $300 and get a decent phone just for trading, or you could use your PC. The PC is not the greatest. I'll just go ahead and be upfront with you. It's not. I know people that trade with it.
I don't like it. So that tells you anything. Excuse me. What if when price overlaps the fair value gap and we're losing some RR? I'm trying to think of what you mean. Like if it runs away from you, if you're saying like, if it comes away from the fair value gap, let's say it's here. And then by the time you enter your trade, it's moved down. Sometimes you've missed the trade.
That happens. We're executing very fast. We're in fast markets. We're on the one minute time frame. You got to be ready. For instance, whenever I'm watching a trade develop, let's just say we are even in this fair value gap. I hate doing it when I'm on stream, but I'll have this set up. Even if I'm not going to take a trade, I'll just have it over to the side.
That way I know how many points I am to a stop loss. For instance, if price is here,
You know, I don't always just limit right there. I just wait till it gets in there and I market it. That's just my style. I like doing it better. I don't know. It's like a way I like doing it. But I'm always just sitting there with this and I'll move it like right to the bottom of it. And sometimes I'll get a better entry than it's even at. I always round down to like, for instance, if like, like, let's say that's on an $11 stop loss.
I'm just going to do nine lots. I like risking about a grand to trade. I might up that soon, but I've just been taking really baby steps with the funded because I know a lot of people blow them when they first get them, and I could see how, but maybe I'll get to a point where I'm risking 1%. I just don't see the need for it right now as I'm still in the early stages of it. If I can make two grand in a day, I'm more than happy with that.
I was risking only like $650 to $750, just anywhere in that. I was trying to risk $750, so 0.25%. And sometimes it would be a little less because, again, I'm rounding up. So, for instance, this would probably be like $9.9 to risk exactly a grand. But if I risk $9, I know it's going to be $990, give or take. Now, we are on the NQZ chart. Sometimes there is a couple tick difference on MetaTrader, but it's never really that bad.
I've had like one or two times where it was like a dollar or two over. So, I hope that answers the question. Somebody said, sir, Nifty and Bank Nifty having big gap ups and gap down. How to trade them, sir? Let's look at Nifty. So, I mean, just look at them the same way you'd look at any volume imbalance. So, I mean, look at this. Like, yeah, you know, we opened up right here pretty bearish.
You have that gap down after we had moved up into a gap on the daily chart last week. It's volume imbalance. And that's just a gap between these candles. And now price had gap back down into it. That's showing a desire to go lower. And if you move up into a fair value gap, well, this is a imbalance, a volume imbalance. Or, I mean, if you look here, there's also a massive, you could look at this all as an imbalance together because this wick, down to that wick.
So big sell area. And once you see the daily price showing heavy desire to push down, that's going to be pretty indicative that we're going to move to the downside. It's the same thing as everything else. Price is price. There's no different way to trade. There are different times to trade and different models at work, but it's all the same principles. So I'd look at this in the sense that price has came up into this imbalance. We've cleaned out some internal liquidity and showed desire to push away.
you're going to probably come down for that sell-side liquidity. And I would frame my trades around that. So I think you'd be better off selling for the most part. All the way down. Nice huge gap here too. So, Bank Nifty, we'll take a look at that. Same thing I figured it would be. You know, I would look for all that to get cleared. For sure. Like this gap would be a really nice area to potentially reverse. On a daily, a weekly, let's see.
weekly looks like it could see much worse to be honest with you but i mean overall though i will say let me see if this 820 80 so it did pip that yeah i mean i would look for on the weekly chart i mean i'd start looking for returns down to a discount here maybe in this area but overall i'd be bearish on this for now oh wait um
Going with what you said, with a system, I had an opportunity to short US 500, however it was prior to the US Open. I traded the road post-open. To be strict to the point, to say no to a setup prior to Open, that's your system. I'm not saying that trades before Open don't work. Anytime I say that I pass on something, or if I say I did something differently, or this is why I didn't take this, or anything like that,
That doesn't mean that you can't do it. That just means that's what I do. I know a lot of people who trade completely polar opposite to what I do and do great. There's no one right way to trade. The only, you know, mistakes that I would view as like, this is just the wrong way of doing things are improper risk management, over trading, kind of like the beginner stuff. What's this indicator silent? And Haas, I'm assuming you're talking about the loss. What is this?
Oh, that'd be nice. Is this a private indicator, like a premium one? Probably. See, I added it, but I don't know if it'll actually let me use it. Because I have, like, basically, I have, like, two indicators for this right now. There's favorites. Does it actually work? Oh, nice. Oh, hell yeah. You might have just gave me the plug, huh?
Because basically I have a levels indicator here that does it all. It's all right, but I just kind of think it's a little clunky. There's that. And then I have another one that does the times. But this might get rid of both of those. I like this. I'm not going to lie to you. Yeah, I'll have to go back and edit this more. But I like this a lot.
Oh, wow, this is dumping since we've been sitting here. Yeah, well, there you go. That's a great example of price returning, mitigating internal liquidity, expanding towards the sell side. Because I saw somebody talking about like, somebody was like trying to say ICT, like he had called like a level or something that was like, this was like a week or two ago, but he had called the bottom of a range and people were like in the comments, like, you're just, how do you know that? Or whatever, like almost like arguing it.
But it's pretty, people forget about like actual TA sometimes, I think, when they get really deep into like first learning ICT. But literally the beginning of ICT, in the old ICT, as soon as he gets into technicals, he takes, that's like the first thing he explains is ranges and how to understand that internal, the move from internal to external, back to fair value, internal to external, but it's the same thing, right? And then you always are in context, the higher timeframe. So yeah, we're going to see a reversal.
but you know where at well where are we going to see reversal on the daily chart or the you know and so on i wish i had the weekly open maybe it does i'd be surprised if it didn't i had all those or you can even put the ny lunch that's nice 8 30 that's nice i don't think i saw the weekly open i don't mind to draw just one yeah they don't have the weekly open it looks like that's all right um by the way um somebody asked what indicator is that it's ict sessions by dr fuse
I really like this. Good shit, Silent. Let me look at Korn. So that's just the previous weekly low. Why did they extend out crazy on Bitcoin? That's fine, but didn't do that on that. What's it called? I mean, I still went higher on Bitcoin, like before lower. I mean, it could not move up into this, but that would be... They might preserve it for after this weekly low. We just take out the previous daily low.
down into this but i mean it's the rate of liquidity the first time i don't know i think that the move the day for crypto might have already like this daily candle is already pretty fat and that's another thing that um i was teaching somebody recently is that sometimes the move of the day is already over like for instance if we look at this turn it back on so i see that midnight open so if we look at this um you could have really already had i know this is going to be very crude on this time frame
I would have targeted this low. You've really already had that daily setup, right? What is the power of three? I'm going to go to five minutes. Okay, three minutes. This is fast. It's like consolidation leading into midnight. Price rushes above it. Expands the downside during a one in session. Actually, right before it. Crypto has been doing that a lot lately. And S&P did it once last week. We talked about that. But then you have that big move to the downside. Now, when we look, you know, that big move seeking out that liquidity of the range. And then we go to the...
Higher time frames, because remember, the characteristics of each session, we're going to see that London expansion, right? What happens during the New York session, like as far as the 7 a.m. Open? Well, we retrace into it. Where are we going to retrace? Oftentimes, optimal trade entry, the body to body. Now, it went deeper than that, obviously, here, but still in that area, right? Went up into it. Then what happened? We expanded in the New York session, right?
So when you look at that, you're kind of like, okay, maybe this day's already played out. The daily candle isn't massive. You know what I mean? It's definitely not, but it's, I mean, it's a decent sized candle. Another thing I want to start using is the five day ATR ranges. I haven't really tested a lot, but it's an ICT thing where you just, you can kind of get an expectation of the move for the day.
And if you look at the last five daily candles, this is one of the bigger ones. So we could expect, look at this like, okay, maybe the big opportunity of the day was already there for this daily candle.
We are in this daily order book here. We've kind of filled this imbalance, then laid a rate of liquidity into it. We took out that previous daily low. I don't think any big move is going to happen today, but we are spiking out liquidity and coming off of it semi-nicely. I mean, nothing really major here. Actually, nothing really crazy at all. When I look at this, we'll probably see lower. I was hoping to see a structural shift down here. Yeah, I would probably wait for tomorrow on crypto, but...
If we're going to bounce and take out that fair value gap, I would look for it to happen somewhere where we're at. And again, we're in the daily chart. When we look at order blocks, I really don't like them going too, too far under a equilibrium of the order block and not moving away pretty harshly, which it did here. It moved away. So we'll see if it can hold above that and then maybe come back up into this fair value gap.
As always, crypto is just relying on indices and I'm looking at indices to the downside for now. I'm not going to trade the afternoon, but I'd be careful trying to continue shorting just because, you know, again, we're not saying we will reverse after taking out the external liquidity, but you can. And if you look, what did price go into? Fair value gap. Okay. Maybe, you know what I mean? I'm not saying just long, but I'm also saying be careful with shorts, you know, because now this range is done.
You don't have this range. Now, theoretically, we're in this range, right? So if price starts to show desire to reverse, you could target something up in this area. But it can also move much farther down before reversing, you know, and then now this is your new.
Really, one thing I will say about trying to confirm that bounce from the top, like how we were looking at this range right here, there were a lot of, quote, one minute entry ranges, because really, after you reached this, you could have looked at this, and I guarantee there was a one minute entry over here. We'll see. Yeah, I mean, you could have looked at that as, okay, now we're reversing, right? That's definitely a displacement.
Right, you're gonna look at like oh, we're gonna go all the way up and take out the range and you know, and then what happens? There's a little bit but nothing major and you get stopped out right there Now one thing that I will say whenever you're trying to confirm the bottom of that range Maybe try to use something other than like a one minute whenever you're trying to confirm things
And they're also just kind of a lower probability trade, in my opinion, unless you get them at a really good time of day. But you want to look at price in the sense that it doesn't have to just reverse just because it took liquidity. Got you. Cheers, mate. I'm really refining everything to a T, so when I make a mistake, it's obvious where I went wrong and can continue to scale up.
What indicator? Oh, I already answered that. But yeah, that's how you should. That's really what you gotta do, bro. It's just less variables, the better. That's gonna make you a better trader. What's good, Nick? Sir, can you make a video on your trading journey from self to a funded trader? I mean...
I don't know like what I'd make a video on, but it's, it's really, I just stuck with it, man. Like I just, I started trading and I lost some money at the beginning and I went through multiple different styles since I started trading and yeah, I mean, I don't know. It's kind of, I just, just stuck with it. You know, I will say psychology is everything though. It's all psychological. Like everything is psychological.
So if you haven't read trading in the zone highly recommend it I don't care how good you are think you are at trading or how good of an analyst you are It's not gonna hurt you to read it It's a really good book about just really understanding your mind while you're trading and It's I think that everybody should have to if I had like a team of traders that like worked for me I'd force them all to read it like once every three months literally
Oh, I just saw a sign. He called 3,400 yesterday. Did he really? Well, I'd say there you go. Wouldn't be surprised. It seems like it's consolidating this little gap right here. Might see a retracement up into this impulse swing. I wouldn't take it or anything personally just because of the time. It's lunchtime. It's usually manipulation.
And again, see, even if it does, which I'm not saying I'm sure it will, so don't go along this, but this, I'm just trying to use as an example of like, not every single market structure shift is just going to like take you to the moon or you can't really bet it. It's because, oh yeah, we took the high, we left the fair value gap, right? Remember, what are we using this model? If it works, what are we using it to tell us? Well, that price is going to rebalance, right? Because in this situation, we're at a pretty significant downtrend. So you wouldn't look to...
to make it you know go to the moon because it could fail it's already lower probability because it's counter trend and even if it does go somewhere you're gonna look at where at first liquidity target in or near a premium like you have this massive fair value gap you could try to target equilibrium of it or just equilibrium itself that's another strategy
But this isn't something I would take. I'm not taking this. The reason I wouldn't take is because the time, I think it's low probability that it will work, but I'm just using it as a live example to show you that not every single move is worth it. Because let's just say you'd get in at the beginning of the fair value gap.
It's just not worth it. It's one to one. Even if you win, you know, the odds are you're going to lose probably some of the time, especially moving counter, you know, trend. So you need a higher risk or reward to make it worth it. But you can nonetheless study price and study what's happening because we're just using candles to try and determine, you know, what might happen because you really never know for sure. What is this? Yeah. Yeah.
I feel him. I mean, he's not right. I haven't really looked at 29 and 3,400. Like, eventually, I think ES could move, like, insane, insanely lower. Like, yeah, I see where he's talking about 2,900, but I think that this down here isn't crazy, in my opinion. I really don't with the way that everything, and we were talking about interest rates being bearish for, you know.
many years, I don't think that it's like that far off to say that. Like for instance, let's go back to good old 2008. Yeah, this kind of stuff can happen, right? And where did 2008 go down to? The place probably most people would have said, you're crazy if it went there, right? Same thing when we're looking at this. Where's the place that most people are going to say, you're crazy? COVID lows.
And that's just the way I see it. I think that's a huge possibility in the future if they really don't continue or they continuously raise interest rates for the next two years and you think that this isn't possible. I'd love to hear your reasonable hypothesis of why not.
Somebody said, new to the stream for the past week or so. You're really helping me understand the nuances and ICT concepts. So thank you. Tips to make it more mechanical as it's quite discretionary, right? Hey, I appreciate that. That's my goal really with all of it is like to simplify things, to give you like.
Because I know it took me a lot longer to learn this stuff because of how overcomplicated it is. And that's just kind of a selling point for anybody. And I'm not bashing on that. You know, that's a brand. And I get that, you know, everybody has a personal brand. And, you know, every trading educator is different. Like we all know, like ICT, his trading brand is like godlike, which whatever, I'm not hating on the dude or not.
promoting it, but that's what it is. So what comes with that is big words that really aren't necessary and teaching things in a manner that makes you feel like you need to come back to the master to be fed. Now, not in the long run, especially this year, he's kind of just giving away for everything for free. But in the early days when he was coming up, that was his personal brand. And I'm not hating on it. He fucking killed it. Dude literally invented a whole new school of trading, right? Literal goat.
100%. So don't get me wrong. I'm not saying that's a bad thing. But with that comes a little bit longer of a learning curve for some people. Because some people just, you know, really probably all people learn better when it's very direct and you extract exactly what you need to know and don't elaborate on it and don't build on it unnecessarily in order to kind of make it seem like you've cracked the DaVinci code. Because in a way, yeah, it is.
The more you look at it like that, the harder it is. So I'm glad that it's helping. And really, as far as tips to make it more mechanical, just kind of have an if-then strategy. Like, for instance, say like, okay, if I'm in a bearish range, right? If I'm in a bearish range, I'm going to look to take a sell at the open or after the open.
If I'm in a bearish range and I'm looking to take a sell, I look for a liquidity raid that's going to give me that entry. If I don't get it, then I don't trade. If I do get it, then I enter a trade. And it's very straightforward. You know exactly what is needed for you to get in a trade, but you also know that you have to have that to get in a trade.
You know, it takes kind of the thought process out as much as possible. Though there always is a discretionary aspect. And what that really comes down to, like the only discretionary part of this is what is displacement. And that's why it's really important to learn that. Because if you want to force a trade, well, and I guess daily bias is discretionary too, because it's kind of one of those freeform things. And that's why it's the other.
hardest thing to learn but i think daily bias and displacement are the two biggest hurdles to get over because you you want to see everything as displacement when it agrees with what you want like if you come into the morning you know you want to be a bull any big candle displacement you know like displacement is like this that's displacement right that's displacement and you want to have displacement moving into and out of areas for potential trades so for instance if you're a bear here
And this is a great example of why your biases and your range understanding is important. So you might look at this as like, oh, displacement up. And if this is all you're looking at, you're going to say, okay, fair value gap, I buy. And you get clapped and you're like, okay, this doesn't work. But it's just about understanding ranges because we want displacement into our areas. Because again, we're always looking at this in the perspective of what are institutions doing? So if institutions are coming to
you know, raid this liquidity and get back up into this fair value gap here, they're going to do it with force to move up to it because it's going to make what people, they're engineering liquidity and making people want to do what? They're making people want to buy, right? So they're going to see that violent move into it and then you see a much more violent move away from it. But understanding displacement, I think, is the only discretionary part of it.
Euro. Yeah, I'll do Euro. Holy fuck. Wasn't there a spike on everything at 10? I looked in the news calendar and I thought there was news. Maybe I'm just not seeing it, but I was like, there has to be something at 1030. Jesus Christ. I mean, again, we're just, you know, just look for sales all the way down to here. That's where the money's at right now, in my opinion.
It probably whipped back up into this right here. The gap. Oh, actually, no, that's not it. That would have been up here. Oh, I took this paper trade last night and it hit. Nice. It was just a flat 2R. Let's go back because I honestly barely remember. I do remember doing that, but I barely remember the reasoning for it. I think it was a market maker on the three-minute, if I remember right. Yeah.
So I looked at it as we had this little consolidation down here. Maybe I'm drawing it too wide, but then we had this second little range, smart money reversal, and then waited for that redistribution for the second leg down, which was right here, which it was a late entry too. This could have been better, but it would have been in this right here. I didn't take it just because of the time.
It was kind of just moved away. I just still wanted to mark it up to see. That's nice to see. Yeah, because basically I look at this second little range here as the kind of like consolidation after the smart money reversal, right? Because you get that first shift in structure, the first entry, which is the lower risk setup, because you're basically getting a better stop block. It's going to be right there. It would look something like this, right? But then if you play the second leg of the distribution,
Which basically wait for that little consolidation then the second shift in market structure with displacement that would have been Right here I knew it would look something like that I just did a fix to our firm and I had already seen that happen and kind of got in that You know, just the second break I was just scrolling through my phone late last night and it was I just popped up and I was like, oh that looks pretty good And in the context of it
um when i looked at the range we were in is that that because yes that was a great low time frame model but remember everything has to be in context right and that doesn't mean if you were like down here it's always just asking yourself why is this happening because if you look here okay this is the internal liquidity at a um premium and we're bearish as we've got equal well relatively equal lows i mean it was just kind of like that was free
But overall, I just don't even try to long this shit, in my opinion. Just look for liquidity rates during session. And agree with, you can use the one hour, the 15 minute for your ranges. It's pretty fast moving, so I would, I think you get more setups using a 15 minute. This way it kind of makes it a little weird. Like, see that? That's what I'm saying whenever I like to say, when I say I want to see something move hard off equilibrium and order bog.
Because that's like, okay, there was something going on there, right? Come on. So, I mean, I would just look at this, you know, you might see some form of a return up, maybe something like that. But the higher probability, my opinion was probably earlier in the morning. But yeah, I would just look to frame cells on this is the way I would, sorry, the way I would look at it.
Because now you look at ranges, a 15-minute high. Also, this is a one-hour order block, remember? So now it's moved expansively around there. And you really don't even have a reason to move all the way up higher to there. If you look at the 15-minute, what happened after that? Immediate shift in market structure. Price is now doing what? Or did what? Pushed into a fair value gap. What did it do there? I won't even look for that, to be honest. It pushed into that fair value gap. Shift in market structure.
Care about your gap entry. Where would you be targeting? The lower the range. This is probably another market maker, so that's not that clean, to be honest. One of my thoughts trading the agent session, I recommend against it, but if you're going to trade it, trade like UJ, Aussie dollar, GBP, JPY, stuff like that, but it's just, you could definitely trade during that session, but.
Like if you have to if that's like the only time you're available then by all means get it don't let your Schedule stop you from trading but definitely trade it in the context of you know things are probably going to Be a little more choppy less giant moves on that sort of thing Take a look at DXY. I mean to me. This is pretty clear. What's going on here?
I'd look at the high. I mean, it's, it's not moving efficiently, but on the week, this is a weekly fib, but you know, it really, again, we're looking at a higher timeframe and why isn't it moving efficiently? Like, let's just say, look at this weekly. Why don't it come back down to a premium before expanding? Well, if you look at the monthly, what is it drawing to in the monthly? It might be really close to something that's just pulling it up. If one timeframe is moving inefficiently, just look at the next timeframe, right? And then if we look at the 12 month,
I mean, it's no question. We were going to these highs equal highs right there fair value gap above and that's 121. And I know guys though, I'm going to hop off here. Um, probably seeing trade setups for me today. I'm just going to be sitting back kind of hanging out watching let the market give me a little bit more clarity for tomorrow. Um, price seems to be reaching down across the board on dollar denominated assets. Um, DXY is looking pretty bullish. Like you see that that's
You know, basically created that liquidity. Huge move up. I don't know, is Forex Factory like wrong? Because it says there was, I didn't see any impact news at 1030, but that's weird. That's a news wick. Anyways, I appreciate you guys. Oh yeah, Ethereum Classic. Somebody asked about that, but you reminded me. Let's see, what was this? Fair value gap on the weekly, right? Or was it the breaker?
Yeah, this is one that's don't, you know, don't FOMO into this. We're using a weekly chart. So I will watch this, but we're now into this region of this breaker block right here where we could see a reversal. Delete some of this. Now, what are we looking for here?
We're going to look for the daily. If you want to be conservative, I want the daily to show signs of reversal. Maybe a four hour, but we're really focusing on the high timeframes here because we're using the high timeframes to frame the trade. We don't use a weekly and then jump to a 15 minute and say, holy shit, shit to market structure. We're going for the weekly highs. That's a great way to fuck yourself. But if you go on the weekly, maybe use the daily or the four hour.
Really a daily would be best, but four hour price suffice. So basically what I'm looking for here is something maybe like this and then a shift, right? Whatever bottom we make first most likely will not be the first. Like if you do this, don't start getting FOMO and start buying because oftentimes you're coming to mitigate and you're going to come down and then you get your entry if there even is one because all of it's speculation right now. But again, to kind of rephrase why we're looking at it like this.
The weekly range is pretty massive and crazy over here, right? Where you came into this weekly order block, which this breaker block pushed us down, took these stops that front ran the order block, pushed into it, rapidly expanded away from it. So, you know, we could start to look for a long bias, at least up in like this fair value gap, maybe even these highs and further potentially. But again, for all the crypto people out there, don't
Please, like, if you are trading crypto and you're not watching indices, you're fucking up. Because crypto, you got to think, crypto has been decimated. It's market cap. Like, what is the total market cap now? I can look it on the internet. Yeah, it's been decimated. Like, literally. I mean, we're halfway back to COVID.
more than halfway. So things are going to be more dependent on other things than ever. I mean, if the stock market's going down, I promise you crypto is going down. If anybody ever tells you that crypto is going to pump or help do better than stocks, never listen to another thing that person says, because that's just pure stupidity. And I'm sorry, I'm not trying to be a dick.
But this is heavily reliant on indices. That's why I'm mainly focusing on index futures because that's where the money's at right now. Commodities as well. I don't really trade commodities, but in times of pre-recession or fear of recession or economic unrest globally, you want to look at the bigger assets because that's where these larger institutions, they're moving a lot of money around. Preparing. Bitcoin.
You know, it's a lot of money in it, but it's just relying on this. And I've already told you guys where I think crypto is going. Next stop is going to be right around that 11K mark.
in my opinion, I guess, as far as from like an overall, like, like if you're asking, cause people were like, Oh, if it went to 10 K, would you, you, would you buy a bunch? And I'm just like, no, not necessarily. I mean, if it starts to show signs, but you know, the point for me where I'm like, you know, selling shit to buy Bitcoin theoretically, or buying a little Bitcoin is under like $3,000. Cause I don't think any of that is unreasonable. I really don't. Somebody asked, uh, I am much love Haas. I appreciate you, bro.
Somebody just said, new here, where is crypto going? You joined at the perfect time to the depths. I mean, I think lower for, I mean, I would look for, I got an immediate bias. Kind of want to just say to look for the depths immediately. I would say it's really reliant on ES, but I would probably look down for this low. I wanted it to come up into this.
this gap, but it's not really showing me any desire to come up off this order block. Like I wanted to come here, move into the gap, then go for the low. But when I'm looking at this range, I look at it like, yes, we have a lot of internal liquidity up here, but price did come right to a premium, moves violently away from it. All right, we got a shift in market structure. Price did what?
Turn to a premium of that fairy value gap. Now it's moved violently to the downside again. And that's why I kind of wanted us to move into this gap just like we did here, right? But we've already taken out internal liquidity at a premium of the current range. And now we're expanding, showing displacement of the downside. And that's indicating that we are drawing towards those lows overall.
On that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. Probably for some trades tomorrow, mainly on ES. I think it's a pretty clear bearish bias for now. So that's what I'm leaning for, I guess, to make it official. I would look for more downside on everything for this week.
I might start watching Eurodara a lot more and try to get some, because I really like the setups that it's giving as far as just like, you know, it's so clear. It's like, if you try to buy this, like, I hope you're scalping because it is, like, if you literally look here, I don't even see any good buys. Like, unless you caught this whole move or something, I don't even know how you would have. You know, I just, it's just so clear just to sell, sell, sell. Yeah, they're all through London. You're right. That's Vanch. What's up, Vanch?
But yeah, they're they're all through London. Yeah straight up like over here London Okay here London That's actually New York so right there
but Anyways guys enjoy your week. We will be back on here tomorrow at noon If you could please like and comment Just blow this stuff up because it really helps the algorithm put my video in front of more people And I appreciate all you taking the time to come through and watch and I will see you guys tomorrow until then stay safe Don't get liquidated. Peace
