What's up? What's up? I'm going to give everybody a second to get in here. What's up, Silent? What's up, Joel? What's up, man? Win move. Shit. 2025. I'm just kidding. Yeah, NFP had a nice little effect on markets, huh? A lot of people...
I was talking to somebody and they were like, why did we had a good NFP? Why isn't that good for the stock market? And the reason is so interest rates are the biggest driving force in any market. And whenever we're talking about employment numbers, if employment is good, then basically that's a broad like a.
they can continue to raise interest rates because the economy is handling it, so to speak. So, you know, if you want markets to be bullish, you would actually want NFP to be bad because then it would lean towards the Fed not being able to raise interest rates.
So this is my first time sitting in an actual chair today. I looked at my phone a little bit, tweeted last night about this imbalance. Obviously, we gave this and then some, but I had put it right here. I wanted us to come down to this imbalance below. Let's see right there. And obviously, we've came past that.
And I see two scenarios here, because when we look at price in the sense of our swing range on the weekly, we have a much larger range, which to me is all the way down here. And then that would lead for the first obvious price delivery array in a premium to be this large fair value gap, these relatively equal highs here. But when I look back over at this last range we had,
I think we might be somewhere like this. But it seems like it's going to be a little more rapid. Or maybe even, I should say, something like this. I don't know. Because we came down, we took out all that liquid. I know you can't see here because we're on the ES December chart.
So he said, please watch Euro USD. I'm holding longs. Yeah, I wouldn't be in longs on Euro dollar. We actually are going to go over that. I don't mean to like scare you, but I don't think it's a very bullish narrative right now. So when we're looking at price, we see over here a liquidation of all of this range right here. Any longs that were built up in this range were now liquidated there.
And we saw that initial little retrace into kind of the first fair value gap at a premium. Now, looking at this swing range, right, and it's not going to be as equally as clear as over here. But whenever we look, this would have been the weekly range, much larger, just like we have a much larger weekly range right here.
And then we have that first initial little kind of dead cat bounce and then another liquidation and then even more. So what I'm thinking is potentially, wait, I just probably deleted all my recent TA. I don't want to do that. Price is pretty clearly drawing down. Now we can look at this candle here as an order book, right? Because it's a down candle that has been engulfed and traded through. So we could look at that and that is definitely a potential scenario.
We also, when we look at this range on the one hour, remember we talked about, I said, if we go under this range, we're most likely going to go back down to a discount. That's exactly what we did. We went deeper than that imbalance. When we talked about yesterday, I was saying that until we had taken out this low, then I was looking at it. We could potentially bounce there and move up into that daily imbalance, which was not the massive one, but I was watching this one right here.
Obviously price didn't want to do that as far as go to the upside. And we did see that plunge below that low, which would lead us to look for a reversion back to a discount because this one hour range, which is going to be from this low to this high, the way I have it drawn, theoretically is still a bullish range on the one hour. The daily has now, when we're talking about impulse moves,
I see it from the perspective of, you know, to me, I mean, I was looking at this really, if you're looking at a daily swing, right, is that. So we kind of have two daily swings here. You have this first move, retracement, CPI, move down, retracement, then we have NFP and move down. So one could have maybe drawn a fib like this. And then at that point, we would have hit the first
price delivery array, which is this volume imbalance and a premium. And we have shown direction to move violently away from it. So it's kind of, it's a tricky one because
Like I said, I wanted this right here, and I thought the clearest zone was this. And that was why we're at the beginning of this week, for those who didn't watch it, what we had said, I'd said on Monday, I wasn't very convicted on what I was kind of leaning towards, but I was leaning more bullish. And that was on Monday, and we did see some bullish action. But then now we've seen this down plunge. I think it's kind of showing us the price is designed to go lower now, whether that's into this order box.
Or, you know, not, I don't know. We probably won't know until Monday. But if we're drawing the range like this, then I would look for the low, right? And I'm also looking back. And if you look, very rarely is it that first, you know, bounce that bring us all the way back up into a, like for instance, over in this area. This one's a little clearer though, because we had this pause, a move down, a pause, consolidation, and then our impulse move.
So I suck at drawing lines, but to the first volume imbalance in a premium. They don't have to be volume imbalances. It can be any kind of POI, but this was also a gap. So we went into that, traded down, right? And if we're looking at it in more of an immediate perspective,
you want to look at the impulse moves, not just necessarily the whole weekly swing. So I can see maybe that, you know, this was the impulse move and now I moved up. I didn't look at it like that before. I looked at this because I see, yeah, somewhat of a small consolidation there. But to me, this is where we moved the most impulsively away from. If you look, price is moving efficiently there, right? Moves down, retraces fully back into a...
Sorry back into a premium hits this order block fills that gap moves finally away from it And then it left a nice imbalance up here. So
Well, what I'm looking at and going into the Monday, I might even sit Monday out just depending on the pre-market price action on Sunday and at the London session. Because to me, where I'm looking at it in two different perspectives, I'm not very confident in one of them more than the other. I see both of them that are...
Pretty I mean, they're both reasonable. Yeah, I could see this being the impulsive move because I mean if you look we did move Up down and then we kind of hop back up formed a swing high right there This we look at this candle with higher than the candles next to it. Now what I would ideally like though Is move to the upside because that would be more efficient in my eyes because I like this This is more of an impulse or this whole swing range
But, you know, just like we are looking at the one hour and price kind of made this initial impulse range, which was this high. We see the high be taken. We get that reversal right here and then a reversion back down into a discount. Just like we see that, we could see on the daily chart, the low get taken right here, reversal, and then reversion into a premium. I think Monday will give us a little more clarity.
So euro dollar, as far as how we did on the weekly bias, I mean, I wasn't very, very direct. I did say bullish early on. And, you know, we were bullish early on, but I can't sit and say it was all on point and perfect because I really didn't give a official like clear. I just said I'm leaning bullish. So that was for indices. Now, crypto is really nothing new in my opinion. Yeah, we got a nice little pump with indices, but.
Like I've been telling you guys, I'm really not interested in Bitcoin until it gets to one of my areas, which is going to be this imbalance or this low. Until then, I'm hanging out. I really don't care about crypto until then, as far as Bitcoin and day trading goes. I would go ahead and do analysis on NASDAQ, but I mean, it's really the same thing as S&P.
What I would like on Monday is either to have some clear, whenever I say I'm going to wait for Monday or maybe not trade on Monday. Now, let's say if we came under this low on Monday, that would be ideal. I would like that because that would give me a little bit more to look to go long or at least look for a bullish narrative to build. And then I'd be targeting these highs with this imbalance right above.
And if we still hold this range that we're in, I still would look for a reversion back up to this premium. But if we come down here, then reverse, we might see a better, more efficient move. So that's what I would look for on Monday. Don't forge anything. Markets are at pivotal points. We just took out June lows. I think we're kind of indecisive here. We're burning out both shorts and long. So I always say it's important not only to know what to do when it's time to strike, but just know when not to strike as well.
What's up, Pictard? I've been seeing you on Twitter. Oh, Zamir, what's up, bro? How you doing? Yeah, so EURUSD.
So we talked about this on Monday too. I wanted us to revert a little lower, but we came to this daily order block. Very clean delivery on that euro dollar. And I really like the way that euro dollar moves, but it moves really good in London session. So I miss the setups that I'll trade during that. Very, very clean way. It came to this order block. And then you go to the one hour, it's kind of this little redistribution range where you have a three drive. So that first drive, second drive, third drive, and then impulse to break a structure.
reverse and up into that first fair value gap and then expansion. So that's what created this last swing range. So once we come back into this blue zone, anything in here is a potential sell, right? Any kind of selling entry is going to be highly probable. Why? Because it's at a premium based off the daily swing move.
And it's at an area where we know institutional involvement was present when we have these three drives that are redistribution or that expansive move down. So we look over here. All we need in this area is a kind of a display. So right, a structure. You know, you could use the change of character. And I'll go over how you could have caught that trade with both of those.
So for instance, let's say you use just kind of internal structure and supply and demand. You got to change the character right there. And yes, it did break the low and that does count because it's more technical and we want to be mechanical. If it breaks it, it breaks it. So we broke it. Now, what you could have been as a supply and demand trader, you could have just traded the one hour and just shorted right off this order block. So as soon as you broke that low, you could have said, Pam, I'm going to get in a short on that order block, that last up candle before the down move. And really,
In my opinion, you could hold this all away. Now, you should be taking profits because this could revert. There is still liquidity in a premium. Now, we've talked about this quite a bit, understanding ranges and how paramount that is to correct profit-taking and what your expectations of a trade or a move in price are going to be. So theoretically, we still have a tiny little gap right there, right? And we have these lows. But if you notice, price had this gap, traded up into it, expanded the downside.
I don't necessarily see any reason why price has to come back above this high. Not every high has to get taken because what was this high doing? It was rebalancing price. Euro, overall draw on liquidity is that low, if you're asking me. That's in the daily chart. Now, how can we play this from a lick rate perspective? And that was just a one hour, very simple play. I don't trade those setups as much. But whenever we are looking at it from a...
more of the strategies that I use, what I would look at was, you know, once we're in this zone, I'm going to go into the 15 minute and I'm going to look for liquidity rates and then use a one minute to confirm. So what we can do is we'll go ahead and get this replay back here.
I'm sorry, wrong highs. So you have these equal highs right here. Anywhere you're looking at this range, now also look at the time. Now we've talked about the power of three quite a bit lately. So whenever leading up to the midnight hour, we have this Asian range accumulation. So traders are getting long and short here and a lot of liquidity is brewing up. So then what happens? We know moving into the London session after midnight, now this little dotted line is midnight, New York midnight. We know that we're going to look for what?
manipulation. Now, where are we going to manipulate to? Areas of liquidity. If you see, we have this liquidity pool in the form of buy side liquidity above these highs right there. What happens? You come above that. So now we're in that liquidity pool. The opportunity is there. Now we have to find the execution trigger to get active in this market. Now this is the same thing we use. Nice break of structure.
Price tapped right on that first by very gap and off to the races So this was absolutely picture-perfect free money. I mean, this is free Yeah, that manipulation coming in after
The London session begins. So we know we look for manipulation, buy side liquidity or any other high timeframe POI. So here, that's where your framework comes from. Then boom, check off your break of structure. You've got that fair value gap there. And then it is literally off to the races. And this is when combining those low timeframes, I'll show you exactly what the entry would have looked like. Now you could have just marketed on that break.
Like we're down here, you could have marketed or you could have waited for that fair value gap right there. The first gap stops above the liquidity rate high and you're golden. First target would have been sell stops under the Asian range.
that would have been in itself a beautiful trade. You could have taken it all there. Nice four to one almost. But we know that when we're pairing this with the higher timeframes, which we were, remember we started this trade off of a daily. I don't want to say we started this trade because I don't want to give the false inclination that I participate in this, but we did talk about it. And just for the learning experience, I did not signal this. I didn't take it.
But it's a very clear setup. If I would have been up that night, I can tell you. And you guys know, I tell you, and I look in hindsight, I probably wouldn't have taken that night. I definitely would have taken this. So that trade could have been the same profit target. And you can see how much, how tighter your stops are. I can't tell you how it would hold it all the way down. I mean, that would be one of those pretty crazy trades. If you were to get something like that, 60 to one, I mean, that'd be fucking insane.
Pretty unreasonable. I don't know what that's from. What is this? Maybe there's a re-entry we talked about but Overall, I mean when we're combining because you know if you're just using the low timeframes Yeah, your target would have been right here, but we know that we're high up in that daily range
So we know that overall, when we're using our high timeframe bias to compliment our intraday bias, we know that this is going to be our target. Why? Because we're in a bearish range and all internal liquidity has been accounted for. So now where is price going to draw to? It's going to draw to liquidity. Do we see any reason down here why we would bounce? I don't.
Right. And people that went along and for, so they're going to look at that as an order block, but we know, and this is why I stress the importance of looking at ranges. So price comes down or as Paul, I said, I guess already happened. We know it's came down pretty aggressively. NFP was a nice catalyst.
That's a little recap on this week's price action on euro. I really wish I could have taken and that would have been a beautiful trade. I'm considered staying up on certain nights to trade the London session. I like trading indices, but really been studying euro and it's just been very nice, very clean. And the way to play euro, in my opinion, is just sell. Like the longs are sometimes there, but just wait for the sells, man. I mean, they're...
Ridiculous. I mean, this right here, this trade, if you were to take it like that and hold it even towards some of these first one hour take profits, which to me, I mean, like I said, when you're in a selling program, when the market on the daily chart is telling you to sell, you don't even have to worry about trying to target just the first low or first imbalance and be aggressive with it. You can target the lows. Where are the real sell stops lying, right?
so you know you could have waited you take that first little profit to de-risk yourself maybe take 30 or 40 there just that way you can leave your original stop and then you just look away hold it for the rest of the week and that'd be a beautiful move even if you had taken 30 off and you're only netting 60 of that 60 of 30 are i mean if you're risking half a percent or a percent you know you just made
your weekly goal and then some. Now in hindsight, obviously this is easier to see, but this just shows you that when you pair the higher timeframes with your lower timeframes, even if you're a day trader, you're going to get those pretty crazy setups. And these don't happen all the time. Now this is not something that's going to happen. This is something that happens usually once every swing range, you're going to get a play like that.
In France, we look back. Where did it happen here? Happened right in that imbalance. There was something along those lines here. Maybe you could have gotten a retrace play. Just like we had this range right here. We went and talked about how we had that little distribution there. Redistribution, I should say. And that three drive. If we go back over here.
Same thing. Look at that. And that's why I really like your, it's just like free, like three drive. Look at that. Just literally clear as day. It's the same thing that the same cell program that the algorithm is pushing on this asset, every single range. And that's why I say, if you're going to trade this, just wait for the cells. Unless I mean you're a day trader and you just trade this a lot and that's what you trade. I know Zemir, I know you trade this a lot, but you know, that's, that's really what I see with Euro now. If I'm like on like a monthly chart,
It's just not showing much signs of hope. Where is this? I think this was like a monthly fib or yearly or something crazy. Where did I draw that? Okay, yeah. So this range, I think, is where we're headed, somewhere down in here. I mean, really, I would honestly look for something like this. I mean, call me crazy, but it's like 89.
Overall, now you could reverse in this massive gap, but I mean, I just see this as a big order block that literally traded through, price never recapitalized here. It's also sitting right at optimal trade entry, basically the range from 1985 all the way to 2008.
You know, and also whenever we talk about 2008 and why this is a significant level is it's the last time we had a real crazy recession. COVID really was just a scam money printing recession. There wasn't, the recession lasted like two months and everything, you know, probably more than that, but the, the, everything started, you know, absolutely flying because of, you know, we all know why.
So if you're a dollar, I think just one of those free cells, just continuous cells, right? You just wait for them. Let the daily give you a range. But yes, there will be longs. I'm not saying there won't, but it's...
I mean, man, and it's fast moving too. That's why I like it. These swing ranges, I was kind of looking at it and I was like, hmm, this is just so inefficient. But now I just see a four. Okay, we're obviously drawing down. And every range is pretty fast. When you have some of these like this, we have like a month long range here. But most of these ranges you see here, pretty quick, move down. And then now it's getting even faster or we're starting to be able to catch those higher quality setups.
So you said I'm in a GU shortcut almost the exact top of the week risk-free It was stopped an NQ short almost at the exact high of the week. That's rough. Well, he's GU It's trading you good and similar with GU similar setup here. I mean we had that daily order block Did it hit into this actually see yeah, I did Sorry, I had to text somebody there calling me calling me to get back to but I'm I'll wait till after
You know, there's really not much to go off of in the month. I mean, I know we're like at almost all-time lows. Actually, we were at all-time lows. GU, I mean, I think there's more macroeconomic factors at play here. But personally, I don't know. I guess if this is what you trade, I just don't. The only thing I like about it is like, I guess you kind of had free. You kind of had a free setup here, to be honest. Just when we're at these key levels, I'm kind of just like, okay.
That's all the way down there. What is this? Can I check out ENS CHZ? Yeah, sure. We talked about ENS a little bit yesterday, actually, I think. So I think I've done it different. I think we talked about it. We talked about something else a little bit more. I think it was Ethereum Classic. Yeah, overall, I'm looking at the weekly chart.
This has shown me it wants to draw higher. So when I see this, we have this order block here, price kind of dug into it, showed a little bit of a desire to move away from it, but nothing really insane. It just looks like we were coming back down to that fair value gap, and now price has shown the desire to move up. So we look at the daily chart.
Came into that weekly fair value gap. The daily showed a shift in market structure. Price returned back down. It looks like to this order block right here. But I see this fair value gap as well. That just wasn't the most precise bounce point. And price is now rallying up. So that tells me that price wants higher. Now it could reverse above this high. So I would look on the daily. I would think this is your draw overall would be that high.
Probably see maybe a retracement down into this order box. I would even just look at both candles. And then I would look for this high right here. Now for CHC, did it ever decide to chill the fuck out? I know it was just like running rampant for a while. Oh yeah, nice little reversion here. We drew this, I can't remember how long ago, but it was somewhere up here. I mean, I would almost look for these lows. If you look, came right up into that nice projection block.
It actually might have came right to the wick. I don't know. No, not out of the way. For those who are wondering what a rejection block is, it's these candles with a fat wick on them. They're just another form of supply for people who trade supply and demand, but price traded up into that a little bit. That's where we get that reaction right there.
Obviously price showed that smart money was kind of just selling to these buy stops above these highs and prices moved to the downside. Now we've got a pretty clear shift in market structure there. It's like price wants to draw into this fair value gap. I think that, I mean,
If you notice, we really didn't get into a premium of the gap, which is not required that we do, but that would give a nice liquidation of these early sales here. So I could see something along those lines. I'll actually set an alert for this. I wouldn't just short it up on the break of that high, but if I saw the 15-minute show signs of displacement of the downside, basically this pattern we're looking at and just layer that same. If we could see that in there, I would take sales probably down to these equal lows.
But I could see maybe a short-term bullish narrative to kind of rebalance into this but after that I would see more downside your first targets would be This right here is actually pretty clean. You got a very nice low front running this imbalance So, you know, you could get into a cell take off most right there and then maybe try to let the rest ride because you very well could reverse after coming into this but So you could look at it like you know, we have this range or plot twist when we don't put another alert
You could look at it in this sense that this is kind of our range now, and the price is just coming down to rebalance. And after we come fill those orders, you would look for more upside. So overall, this short-term bias, I would say look for a draw into here, then move down to here, and then watch the market structure in the 15-minute to see if we show signs of reversal there. I wanted to go over some stuff for that.
So I posted on this on Twitter, but this is a nice recap. I didn't trade at all yesterday, so it was a pretty nice opportunity to have some totally objective viewpoints on the market. So this is just the session. So we have the 830 opening price here. So that's whenever institutions start to trade. And we saw an immediate move to the downside.
There's always trades on both sides of the market, but whenever you're trading with the trend as far as, and I'm not talking about trend lines, I'm talking about you understand how to obtain a draw on liquidity and you are correct, then I think you're going to be able to catch much better and more explosive opportunities. So for instance, we had this initial plunge, the 930 opening price was right, this candle right there.
So we had that initial move up, right? We know what happens and what's resting above these highs. It's going to be buy side liquidity. So we come above that and we see this reversal. Now, I'll be honest with you. I mean, the way that I trade, I wouldn't have looked at anything as a reversal until this low was taken. Now, what is the reason for that? I'm looking at this.
Looking back. I see that Theoretically or actually none of these were equal. I think it was on knots, but I was really like kind of stunned that Nice time but just kind of you know, like damn like this really didn't give a pattern so
Those are equal so I wouldn't look at either. There's a swing low so remember when we're talking about a market structural shift you know, we want to see a swing high violated or A swing low violated in order to get that fair value gap entry and then move down But when we don't get that
you know, what we're going to wait for is for that to happen, or what I wait for. Now, I know that there, I think ICT even shorted, because I think there was SMT divergence with the NASDAQ here. It's just not where I would have looked to sell on a one minute. This would have been it, right here. So we have that break of structure. Now we look at just this impulse move, and you look, what's the first imbalance in a premium of that impulse move? Because this is where the impulse stopped. Yes, it went lower, but you see it right there.
Very nice opportunity. That's something you do not usually have to wait this long for this. But this is a lesson that I've learned with indices especially, is that if you have a model, even if price kind of runs away from you, at least watch that area. Now, one could have taken a sell. I didn't put it on the screen because it would have been too cluttery. One could have taken a sell at the beginning of this fair value gap, stops of that swing high.
Now that would have been not the greatest risk to work, but it's still good. Two to one is fine. I've actually considered a lot recently having a fixed two to one for my funded, just because I've noticed that while I have hit some pretty high R trades, I think that the overall profitability would maybe be, even if not better, it would be the same almost. And I think that the two R is a lot less, it's more mechanical and there's like not much stress to it because
You know, you just have to get your entry and a stop loss. And, you know, even if your profit target is farther than two are, you just still take it because, you know, if I can get some more data that that's more consistent, I'll then up my risk because it might end up making more money. But that's the low kind of like low maintenance, I guess, entry would have been just to enter right on that fair value gap, stop some of the most recent high and then target the low sell side liquidity. But for a more.
precise entry one could have waited to get that second, the confirmation almost of the confirmation. So you guys know that I don't really use breakers a ton, but this is a great example of when I would use one is when you have a massive fair value gap like this. So if my bias is that this is confirming
this area right here so then i'm going to look for sell side well how can i get active well obviously i'm not going to set a limit right here and stops above that i mean that would just be pointless you know that that wouldn't make any sense just to no not worth the risk reward anything under two is not worth it to me if it's like 1.9 or something i'll take that but if it's like 1.5 or one um as far as this type of trade where it's not a scalp you know i wouldn't consider this a scalp then i'm not going to look for uh
a trade like that. So this is the kind of situation where I would look for a breaker because you're really just looking at, okay, this impulsive move. What's the first price delivery rate in a premium? Well, obviously this fair value gap is in both a discount and a premium. The other way you could have attacked this was using the equilibrium of the fair value gap. Now we can see that while that would have got you a better
actually was right there yeah a better entry that little bit is actually quite a big difference so that's the two to one now that's fine but remember you could get two to one just playing this so that kind of you know it doesn't really have any risk or reward benefit of the confirmation of that old poi so you can look at the first standalone poi in a premium which is that breaker block and it's this candle right there that's the last down candle before what a run on stops
So that was the short, you could have just targeted the low of the morning. That's that sell side liquidity obviously went much lower, but that's okay. That would be the target would have been that where the cell stops resting. Now looking at the morning session, there's also two trades here, but I didn't want to draw a bunch to over clutter, but.
The only session set up that I see with the fair value gap that was very clear because we came down we plunged under Deletes some of this ta only all of it So we plunged under that sell-side liquidity of the pre-market which was really you could look at it as This low or this level we took both
Because remember, when we're looking for this early morning entry, you're just looking for a rate of a lower high with a confirmation through market structural shift. So we got the rate, obviously. Now, pretty choppy price action here. I can see that, you know, I didn't trade this morning or that morning. This was yesterday.
I mean, in all honesty, I can see a trade where the model did fail, in my opinion. Now, the model goes as, yes, just because you have an entry, it might be counter-bias, whatever. It doesn't mean it's always going to work, right? And the idea here would be just to take it to a premium because you have a bearish range, right? So you could have looked just to take the trade. When we have this massive move like that down,
that's whenever you just target the first POI aware. Again, just like we were looking to sell, you would look for that first POI in a premium of that impulsive move. And if you look, remember, the impulse move is this, just to not confuse anybody. So whenever we're looking at down here, if we rewind this a little bit, if you're just looking at that, I mean, I can tell, I probably would have taken a loss right there.
Now I would have probably recouped it with the next trade if I was looking along, but look, we took out the lows right here. All this got taken. So then we look for what? We look for a market structural shift, which you got right there with displacement. I would call these two candles displacement, especially after the small little move, then boom, push off, and then you have a fair value gap. Tapped in right there, but look what happened. That would have looked something like this.
And a lot of people might be like, what do you mean? You obviously did something wrong. Cause you took a loss. But again, the model doesn't work all the time. I take losses. Everybody takes losses. So I know that most of the time this model works and we'll see in a second, it did work, but sometimes, especially when you're trading counter trend, you're trading counter trend, you're trading counter trend, you're trading counter trend, you're trading counter trend.
It's a little choppier. That's fine. You know, just another transaction. So that would have been one trade. And then we look at price. And now we get that really big displacement and leave a fair value gap. Now, the only problem here, this actually needs to be higher. The only problem here is that, because down here, if you just market it on the market structural shift, you know, I guess that worked out better for you, but there's no fair value gaps here.
It's not a gap. There's nothing that I would have looked at for an entry because like I've told you guys, sometimes I just mark it, but usually I mark it not because there's no fair value gap, but just because the distance is not that far and it's not worth waiting. So yeah, we got a shift in structure here. Not really much displacement until right there. So the long opportunity, remember that first POI that's in a premium, the impulse move in the morning. So that would have been the entry. Tagged you in.
Nice little move. Now, people that don't understand ranges, this is one of those where indices would take everything back from you. You're just waiting. Oh, no, no, it's just coming to come take these lows. You know, oh, it's just, you know, and you're rationalizing. Oh, here's the order block. And then it, you know, comes out and takes you out. But obviously, that's not the greatest risk reward, 1.28R. This is the importance of really understanding bias and using the morning price action to frame your intraday trades around.
So we look at the 15-minute as well. Now, we had talked about this that day, and I will say I didn't look at this as clearly as it was. Just because if we look right here, we didn't really have this occurring in the London session, that manipulation, just like we talked about in Eurodollar. It ended really. So that to me wasn't clear power three, to be honest. Now that I look at it, it's pretty clear. Because I shouldn't have been so...
specific on this having to occur during London. Because if you see New York midnight, manipulation, expansion down. So then you can take a fib and draw it on. I use the one hour candles, right? So we just go up there, draw it from that to the down there. And you have that optimal trade entry. Now price went a little deeper than that. Actually, I think I had to move these fibs because that doesn't look like it's even on the...
but a little deeper than the optimal trade entry into this fair value gap. And then you saw that move. That's where that morning move was, started at, was right there. So with all that context, you could have looked at this as a more probable selling opportunity rather than trying to catch that long. And maybe if you did, I won't lie to you, I probably would have taken that first one.
But I would also take in sales. I would have been looking at it in that context. But I would still trade against the overall trend or bias just because I've learned over time how to take profits when doing that, which is the most important part of trading counter trend. You got to be very quick with your profit taking and aggressive. Take that money while it's there. I would probably got stopped.
because that to me would have been the entry or my entry because i would have looked at like okay we came under the low as soon as we picked that last low nice move up the same pattern that i've used quite a bit successfully so
That was kind of just recapping yesterday's price and giving an example of a trading day from both perspectives and also just looking at the value and understanding the overall direction because getting the entries is not always the hard part. For instance, once you learn that little shift in market structure, I could probably teach a 10-year-old how to do that. I could say, look, as soon as a candle makes a big move above this high,
But that's not that hard. Right. What's hard is how you manage it. Where is it going? Why are you taking it there? Right. And a lot of that comes to do with understanding ranges. And a lot of people that just watch the 2022 ICT mentorship, I feel like I think everybody beat up on ICT for so long to make things like simple. And he made the 2022. Yes, it was simple. But there's a lot of stuff that I think you should go watch the 2016 for those who've only watched that because it helps with a lot of this. Right.
Another thing with the 830 opening price, I usually don't use it, but I was backtesting a lot last night, and I do like it, honestly. I like it because you look at it as kind of like a fair value for the day almost. For instance, if we're above it, look at that as your fair value. Not equilibrium in the sense of premium discount, but your sales above that are going to be higher probability.
right? If the day is bias, or I'm sorry, if the day is bearish, which we established that from over here and we have that bearish range. So you see how you can develop a framework. If you guys got any questions, go ahead and ring them off. I'm probably going to hop off a little earlier than usual. And we've been on for about 45 minutes, but I do need to get some stuff done. I got, I actually have my birthday celebration is going to be tomorrow. And then my birthday is on Sunday. So
I got to get out and get some stuff ready with my girl. I'm tired as shit today. If you guys keep eyes, you can probably hear my voice. Well, on that note, guys, I'm going to cut it. And I appreciate the birthday wishes, Chutron. Yeah, if you guys have any questions, let me know. You guys know how to get at me. And I will see you guys on Monday. Until then, peace.
