That's good. So I'll give everybody a second to get in here. We'll kind of get started. Crazy morning, especially with equities. I have some alerts set for this POI on dollar cab.
Right here. It's right at the London low as well under this area of liquidity. It's a little deeper than OTE. If you draw it on the full range, that's where I would draw it. I wouldn't draw it down here. That's the previous session. But I do have some alerts set there. Ideally, we want to see if this is going to be a bullish week for the dollar cad. We would want the low of the day to be put in either today or tomorrow. So if we do get nice confirmation here.
I'll look to get a trade up to these highs, but ride the rest out to the weekly and daily target. But still developing. We'll see how that goes. Now, I'll go ahead and just start off with indices because I know everybody's wondering what the fuck is going on.
We talked about yesterday how we would most likely see some manipulation coming into today's session because of, you know, we're coming off the holiday. We're at some really key levels. You know, I don't think that it was, it shouldn't be to many surprise that we saw some volatility this morning. Now, we had some bearish news come out. We also had some bullish news come out, if I'm not mistaken. I think that.
Here we'll look. I think one of the PMI was above. Yeah. So this is better than expected, the ISM PMI. So that happened after the initial push. So again, we went over the trade model we use during these kinds of days.
It's pretty clear today. And this is why I put out, I said yesterday, and I also put out that I was not going to trade until after 10 a.m.
So when we're looking at price action this morning, if you look right at 10 a.m. right there, that's where we saw the reversal. It's not a coincidence. So just go ahead and I'll delete all this TA, a clean slate. So there was actually a really clean setup pre-market right here at like 6 a.m., which is a really weird time. You have that three drive. We've talked about three drives quite a bit lately, and they're a very easy pattern to spot.
Just simple three drives up into a higher time frame POI. In this case was the four hour supply candle right there. So there could have been a sell opportunity. I didn't partake in that. I wasn't even up yet. I woke up at like seven this morning. But also I'm pretty sure there's a breaker on the one hour up here. Actually.
Yeah, I mean, it did take stops. So the breaker could have been another potential point of interest. So that would have been pre-market and could have given you a little bit of a inclination to be hesitant too long during the morning session until after when we got our reaction. Because if we're looking at this from a form of institutional perspective and structure, you're looking at bearish order flow.
And the reason I say that because everybody's going to say, you know, we're bullish, which theoretically, if you're going by basic market structure, yes, on the four hour, you're bullish. But the problem with that is whenever you're looking at the institutional structure, we just had a shift to the downside with displacement, leaving fair value gaps and a breaker right in a premium of this range right here.
So we saw a pretty rough move off that coming into the morning session. We also had news. And then we look on the daily. We go to NQX. I just realized I was on the SPX. It's a very similar setup. But when we go on NQ, we come to the morning.
We're at one hour, see if there was a breaker. Yeah, same setup. Yeah, this is actually cleaner. Not a three drive on NQ though, but still pretty clean price action as far as that breaker. That's not really what I would be worried about or trying to trade that because these occurred way earlier than I was doing up or trading or really out of the timeframe that I even trade indices. Also, what's up guys? I just not saw all the comments.
I forgot ETC. I can do that. My bad. I gotcha. Sorry, I forget sometimes. Sub smarty pants. Thank you, I guess. No, I'm just kidding. For NASDAQ, whenever we're looking at this range...
It's very similar to the range that we dumped off from, I think the beginning of last week, very similar to this right here. So, you know, we built up a ton of liquidity all through here and everybody probably tried to play each one of these lick rates, right? And last week, and this was something I kind of just noticed from last week, we went straight for this low. Now this is very similar to what happened today on a much higher timeframe because last week we were coming into a daily fair value gap as soon as the week opened.
I think it was on Tuesday. Not as soon, I shouldn't say. We've talked about putting the high of the week in on a Tuesday and then moving on. That's exactly what happened last week. We can see last week was a very clear, bearish week.
So what we want to see here, and this is going to be a fickle weekly model just because we had a holiday on Monday. So theoretically, one could treat Tuesday as your Monday. That's the way I would look at it. And if we are looking to remain bullish, we had to make a move to the downside. Now, to where I didn't necessarily think we would move all the way under this low, but the main areas I was looking at was this low right here.
have been sell side liquidity. And then I was also looking under this low. And the reason I looked there was because all of these fair value gaps through there. Now, obviously we did not get a reaction from that level.
So another thing, too, I think actually I want to say NQ might have got a reaction from this level because, yeah, this is where it was. This is where it was questionable, where, you know, to be honest, you could have taken a loss here and, you know, I could see how it happened. Like, let's just say you use this as your POI. You got a shift in market structure, not really any fair value gap. So if you use fair value gaps, that would save you from that. But if you just use that displacement shift in market structure, there was no break.
for the displacement shift then you know you could have maybe taken ellen along right here and the way the you know big obvious reason to not do that is because news was coming out in three minutes
So that's how that could have been avoided and also When we're looking at the overall range ran we don't know like a one hour. It'll be more clear. It wasn't Actually, yes, it was sorry. I was gonna say it wasn't any premium or a discount, but it was But once we wait for that news to come out
you're already poised to be at a higher probability than if you wait before. Because in my opinion, trading... Now, if you have a very wide stop loss or different entry reasoning, then trading at a...
before news, whatever, maybe you enter and you have a really wide stop. I don't know. I tried to stray away from it just because I know that we get volatility that comes with that news. So once we got down into this region and it wasn't even 10 yet, I kind of just said, okay, I'm waiting till after 10 a.m. And by 10 a.m., we were already in the trenches down here, right? So here you see at 10 a.m., we had ran down. Now, what I had marked over here,
When I'm looking at this daily zone, the daily order block. Sorry, excuse me, guys. When I was looking at this daily zone, this order block here, I saw, you know, if we look at just the daily zone wick to wick, we'd already touched on it over here. And we hadn't really traded all the way into the body on the daily yet, on the weekly it had.
But we can also look at that weekly like a very massive candle or even look at this is the water box or this down here All right So when I see something like that, I always want to refine it So what I did is I went to the daily I marked out this zone and then refined it down Over to this area over here
So what's actually kind of funny about this zone is I had taken a trade off of it. I have to zoom in and rewind, but I had taken a trade off that zone before and it came to me. I was like, and that's the trade that I got the FOMO demons on because I took that and I cut it like right, like very quick. So when I see us into that zone, we've raided liquidity. The news came out better than expected.
It's past the time where I said, this is where I'm going to be looking. Remember, we talked about it yesterday. I was overall looking for, through the week, some form of bullish momentum. It was kind of hard to not be scared by the crazy move down.
What I did was I waited. And after 10 a.m., we are in that POI. And I wasn't necessarily using the POI. I would have taken this trade whether it was the POI or not, but it was a nice complement. And then price, we got that shift in market structure. We didn't get a close, but I've learned that oftentimes NASDAQ will still move. We just get that move to the upside with a break.
And then we had that fair value gap, which was right here. I just entered right there. I didn't wait for the demand candle, which seems like that would have been the absolute snipe right there. I took the other one. Which one? This candle? No, the second one. Oh, this right there. Yeah, right there. Yeah, and that would be the M1M1. That would be even clearer.
Yeah. It was scary this morning. Yeah, right. It was. But I was like, I almost didn't take it. But I was like, bro, like, you know better than this. Like, you know, this is literally what you sit here and tell people to not do. So, you know, don't do it. Because I was scared, bro. I almost didn't do it. I literally got out where you have your TP. That's where I got out. I was like, come out. I'm done. That's what I was telling Fancy. I was like, I'm done. Yeah, literally. I don't need any more. Totally fine with me. And it did go farther. Whatever. I don't care.
Because I took an L this morning as well that I'm going to go over on the Aussie dollar. Or not the Aussie dollar, the Euro dollar. I'm sorry. I almost took an L on Aussie dollar, but I didn't take that trade. But so, you know, took one L, then a 3.8. I wrote this fully to the take profit. So totally fine with me to be aware of that, you know, at that point in the day. But that was a very simple trade. Just waited for.
You know, my rules, which I told myself today, I'm not going to trade till after the news. I'm not, I don't trade indices till after high impact dollar news. I just don't do it. It's not, not a good idea. It can end up really good for you. And there's going to be people that are going to say, well, I traded fucking FOMC and I made money. It's like, well, I'm happy for you, but please don't like get used to that narrative because it's not. And don't tell people that. Yeah, literally.
Actually, a pretty clean little potential cell setup framing. It's lunchtime, so I'll see how we react. Yeah, you got this. Yeah, something up in there. I probably won't trade it, but something to keep an eye on.
yeah so i mean and the reason the reason i took profit right here it was the beginning of a 15 minute fair value gap that was the the uh you know first reason i looked at that area and then also it was at right at equilibrium right so we obviously see it went higher it did it went up to our buy to sell range over here it looks like or almost well no actually it did so you know you went to your little buy to sell and now you could have whatever but
For me, this was enough. I could have taken it farther. It could have been, you know, whatever. An 8R trade, I get it. But, you know, in this kind of market, especially whenever we have that big of a move to the downside, I'm happy with anything over really 2 to 3R. So, you know, I want to see how this day closes. Preferably, I want to close this 4-hour candle above this low.
If we can close this four hour candle above this low and maintain somehow, and that would leave me to believe that we might see some moves to the upside. Because now if I see us come down into, because yes, there's displacement on the downside, but what I also see is this displacement on the 15 minute. Now there's not a break of structure in the 15 minute, but I would still monitor this zone.
especially if we start to, you know, do this number around it, which I don't know if we will start a dance above it and see that in the afternoon. I'm not trying to predict that. I'm just saying if that happens, that would be ideal for a bullish narrative. But we could also see another ray down into these lows.
Ideally, we want to close this four-hour candle. We've got, what, 40 minutes up above this low because that would lead me to believe that that was just a liquidity rate and I would seek the highs here and here. But again, we're not going to try to predict the future. That's kind of where I'm at with that. I haven't even looked at Bitcoin that much this morning. Actually, I did a paper check on it earlier. I bet it hit. Maybe it did. Maybe it didn't. Let's see.
It didn't hit the full TP. But I did this. I didn't take it because the spread wasn't there. I'm glad I didn't take it. But because one thing you have to do with MFF, you automatically got to go 30 bucks. So I was like, okay, that's not there. So I didn't take it. It didn't actually hit the full target either. So it would have ended up either a break even or a loss, but no paper trade. And the reason I took this was, or well, reason I plotted this or had the idea was because price had came under.
a 15 minute low right there and then the five minute had a break of structure well a change of character i guess you'd say right there and i looked at this little flip zone and then after that flip zone probably saw a nice little displacement coming out because i would look i would have looked at let me rewind this you can see what it looked like before you know whenever we got above this high that was to me
a shift to market structure. No fair value gap, but I just said right there. I was like, okay, I'm just going to test it and just see how it would have went. But that was the ideology behind that. Get rid of the replay mode. I'll hide that so I have it still for later. Overall though, I mean, this range has been pretty choppy. I think it's doing what it's designed to do and that's exhaust retail traders. It's going to just move with wherever indices go. If I look at the...
Really the internal structure. I mean you could look at it this but if you're a little more aggressive with it
And we did kind of get a high there, a low, and took that out. So it's two ways you could really look at it. Ideally, if we wanted to see a move to the upside, if we do come under these lows, we want it to be very rapidly bought up. Now, if we're not and we start to drive down, I may have been wrong on the power of three narrative. We'll see. I'm not going to switch up my bias until it's invalidated.
you know if it ends up being wrong it's not the end of the world but what I see here is us probably drawing at least down to these lows
Again, it's going to really depend on how indices move, NASDAQ especially. So again, it's the lunch hour. So the morning's price action on Bitcoin, I mean, really not much special if you ask me. I think the value was on indices today because I almost treat Bitcoin like an indice now. It just has way higher spreads. So if I don't have a big expected move, it's not worth it. Somebody asked what OTE is as optimal trade entry. So if I take a FIB.
And it's the 7.9, 705, and 62% retracements. And it's just, whenever you are mapping out an impulse move, it can give you an optimal trade entry, hence the name, paired with your higher timeframe analysis and different POIs on your chart. Euro dollar, I think I already took it up because I journaled it.
I wanted to, I was back testing. There was a nice short opportunity also before New York session here. It was down here is where I took that L. I'll show you guys and I'll show you why I took it. Now it was counter trend and what I wanted to occur here. Let me turn back on my sessions. So nice rate of the Asian highs, right? Pared down with the break to the lows. Perfect. I mean, if you were trading London session, this was butter, right? Very nice move.
We came down and we came down under this level of liquidity into a POI. So once we came down to that region,
Where are we at? Oh, yeah, we came into that we swept the zone and then we got this nice little break similar to the setup on Nasdaq I had set limits for the beginning of this first fair value gap. I already deleted it because I put it in my journal, but it was something around This pretty quickly invalidated Wasn't much time in that trade saw some nice moves and I was targeting so just so you guys know
I was targeting this candle right here, or the beginning, I'm sorry, of that right there. Because I looked at this as the five-minute confirmation of that 15-minute zone. So I would want to see price come up and fill this imbalance before moving down. And I would still pay attention to that later on. But that one obviously didn't work out. Took an L, but that was kind of how my morning went. And then I took NASDAQ that kind of made up for it. So happy day.
thankful for that nasdaq play i'm thankful i didn't get scared and not take it because i was almost gonna not take it i really was you know honestly um here i mean because you could look at this right here as a flip zone i usually don't really trade i'll test this this little whole little buy to sell range as a flip zone if you get maybe a five minute break of structure which it hasn't well i mean if you consider that right there
I wouldn't really. I'll forward test it, but could see a continuation down. Overall, I think that we have a very high chance of this being, if we start to expand rapidly to the downside, I think this is a very good chance to be the high of the week right there.
on euro dollar um euro dollar to me is as bearish as can be i mean like at this point i wanted us to bounce off this monthly order block over here on the uh but i think we're going for these lows and and really lower in my opinion somewhere in this region down here the 91 to 96 sensors that's a very wide range but um it's like a 500 pip range but
I think it's 500, right? Yeah. So very bearish on the euro dollar still. Between the energy crisis and everything they've got going on, I don't think it's going to let up anytime soon.
What was another pair? Oh yeah, this is something we went over yesterday. So we definitely got that big push above the buy side liquidity. Now it's so big that it's almost kind of questionable if we were reaching for this weekly imbalance where I had for the dollar yen. So I had this up here marked.
You know, we'll see how this week goes. We're not rushing anything here. This would be more of a swing trade, but the daily, I mean, massively up. If I'm looking at the monthly, you know, yes, we're in this monthly order block, but the way I see it, we're already in well above the mean threshold of it. So, you know, by ICT logic, looking at just the monthly, you would almost look for the high up here.
So we'll see how that goes. I'm not going to rush anything. What I was looking for, we went over yesterday, but for those who weren't here, I wanted us to push above these recent highs and get a reversal, but we did not get a reversal. So trade idea isn't really there yet, but we'll see how that one plays out. Now we talked about Aussie yen yesterday, and we also talked about how they had news coming out. So it's a good thing we didn't take anything there.
before i think we are somewhere like in here we are streaming yeah it had the where is it
It's like right around like nine. So we got that five minute displacement breaker structure. All I did was go down and seek the opposing liquidity. They had that news at 1230, which is right here. And there was very high impact news. I think it was their inflation rate, I want to say. I could be wrong. It was something high impact for the Australian dollar and the New Zealand dollar had some news. So again, just like NASDAQ this morning, you're always going to wait until after the news because you can easily become manipulated. Looking at this.
you know, you might end up just wanting this high up here. Because again, I'm looking at this from the standpoint of, you know, we're already well above the mean threshold of that order block. So on the daily chart, there might be something in a four hour that holds, but in the daily chart, it, you know, almost looks like we're wanting this buy side now. There's something else. There's another pair I wanted to go over. Oh yeah, ETH.
Looking at ETH, I refined this supply down from this wick, I think down to either one hour or 15 minute. There's this one hour candle. Now, it's respecting it to this point. I wasn't watching this, I was just on a call. So actually it looks like, actually this might give an entry, like now. So I'd like to up our exposure a little bit.
Let me see what the risk reward, I'd rather have, I don't like using the lower time frame stops. Actually, I did feel the imbalances on the, let's see what the risk reward would look like. Because for me, I would just be looking to take it down to this region right here. I'd probably actually down to like here. So I don't want to be too, get too bearish with shorts here. Is it the same? Oh, 61. Yeah.
I like this. I'll go ahead and alert this one. I'm going to do ETC for you, Analiki. I'll quickly explain price delivery range. I have a moment. So that can be a few different things depending on who you're talking to. You could look at that as like the swing range.
The 1661, yeah. That could be the swing range, the prices trading within. That could be the impulse move. So for instance, for me, what I would consider is like something like this. So I look at this right here, drop backwards. That would be like a price delivery range, right? So then I would look for price delivery arrays.
in a discount, if I'm looking to Sally, if we're bullish, because, you know, if you're gonna play a retracement, you know, yeah, we rated liquidity of the range. So now we will return down to, or well, we're anticipating a return down to a, sorry, I was reading something. We're anticipating a return down to a discount. Or it could be a swing range where you're looking at, you know, swing structure from like a supply and demand, which, you know, would be, this would be your swing structure. Something like this right here would be your bearish swing structure.
I'll go ahead and look at the EPC now. You know, ideally here, I mean, I guess this was an imbalance that was partially in a discount, but the price didn't return to a discount, which, you know, it's not necessarily required for that to happen. Here, I'll do this. Let's see. Actually, never mind. But, you know, ideally, we would have wanted to come to a discount. Again, it's not required.
So that's in the weekly. So now if we're looking at, this is going to be the next area of buy side liquidity on a weekly chart that I would look at. On the daily chart, we've got these highs. It seems like it was already swept. You know, I mean, I look at it like, just off the high timeframes, like to me, this is really where we started moving rapidly off of, right there at that high. You could even say, I guess, this high.
I get taken. What's the high of this candle? 424. No, it didn't get taken.
I would say there'd be a lot of liquidity above this high just because that's where we started to move down from rapidly. It wasn't necessarily here, but we came above this high into this supply candle on the daily that caused this internal break of structure. Yes, the swing structure is bullish on a daily level, but our internal structure broke down, which would lead me to look for us to come back down to a discount. Now, the highest value range I see is going to be right there. I guess I need to change my...
So if I'm looking at the daily chart, ETC, I'm actually going to set an alert for this. That would be my high value area for longs because it's more at a daily premium, or I'm sorry, a daily discount. So if we come above this high and we start to reverse maybe on like one hour, sort of distribute here like it looks like we might want to do, I'm going to set an alert for that as well.
We might find some short ideas. Now, another thing to keep in mind here, for those of you who aren't super up to date with crypto, the Ethereum merge is happening, I want to say next week, or I think it's between like the 13th. And let me just look it up. I know it's in the 10th.
And the reason I'm bringing that up for Ethereum Classic is a lot of people completely forget that Ethereum Classic was Ethereum before Ethereum branched off and became Ethereum. So it's going to remain proof of work while we're going to be fully proof of stake on Ethereum, the new Ethereum, so to speak. And there's a lot of people in the mining community and also a lot of people that...
for you know decentralization that are really against it because a bunch of different reasons we're not going to go into all that but we might see some interest from certain you know entities in ethereum classic due to that so ideally what i'd look for here just looking at the daily chart is potentially a puff of push above this high and then maybe more downside
But if I was looking to long and I was just not really forcing, but really was paying attention to this zone, to me, I would watch this zone right there and this zone right here. Both of those could be good. Now, friends, let's just say you don't take the highs and you start to move down. You could watch either of these zones for potential longs into that liquidity. Overall, I would want a...
push eventually back down to that daily discount. Might come with the merge, might not, but that's kind of what I would be looking at on Ethereum Classic.
I just don't see what the coin holds value for people. Ethereum or Ethereum Classic? The Classic. Well, it could be manipulation because people think that we're going to... Or people may think that there's going to be a big transition of the mining community over to Ethereum Classic. And then that would possibly create a supply shock. Because if the miners are holding it, then...
you might see an accumulation of the coin like you do with bitcoin during my like halvings and all this you know just basic supply and demand stuff to where if there's more miners that are holding it because now this is their income and they wait to sell it at certain times that could create a supply shock or you know it could do the opposite where it becomes just a farming coin so it's really just kind of comes down to the supply and demand not necessarily the value of what the coin does
but people might you know larger entities might recognize that and look to manipulate it by pushing price in one direction update on phil
Moved down as everything had this morning. It held up better than most. What I'm looking at now, I'm just chilling on the trade, not really worried about it. I'd look for a price potentially to come under these lows. Not required, but that would be nice if we got a push down there and then could see some form of accumulation under it and move up. That's what we're hoping for. It's not really surprising to see.
It come down with the market this morning. It actually didn't come down as hard as you would have thought. For instance, the actual crash that we're looking at on equities was just this right here. So it doesn't look that bad. It seems like it's still attempting to stay strong. Again, ID hasn't validated until the trade is. So I'm just holding on to that one for now. We're still around entry.
You know, for those that get really stressed out or are, you know, pressed about it, you can always take it near entry. It's up to you. I'm holding it. So, yeah, that's really an unfail. Nothing's changed much except this move to the downside. Nice little pop this morning, but it was erased pretty quickly with the stock market moving down. Let me look at some of these questions now. Okay, somebody already answered the guy in crypto chat. Let me look at the...
Oh, yeah. And Haas said, great trade, took a small loss on ES this morning and then hesitated when this setup showed up. But if I would have followed my plan, I'd be up fat. Yeah, it's all psychological. Like you said, it's just like, bro, that's the biggest piece of advice. Anytime people used to ask me, what's the best advice you could give a new trader? And I used to just not reply because it's a very vague question. But I've started to say, just work on your psychology and stop.
um for those that are just learning you know stop expecting to earn just expect to learn and trade with a very you know just because you know one person might risk one percent or one person might risk two percent or you know one person risks a half a percent whatever that doesn't mean you have to do that like if you find yourself in a trade and you're like stressed about the stop boss hitting or you're like afraid
You got to ask yourself, am I afraid of being wrong or am I afraid of losing money? If you're afraid of losing money, that's an easy fix. You just lighten your risk while you're learning. And sure, you might not make as much money, whatever, but that's okay. You're trying to build a foundation for your trading as a whole. Now, if your problem is you're afraid of being wrong, you kind of just got to reevaluate your beliefs about trading because
that stems from you thinking that you have to be right all the time to make money. And that's not true. I actually tweeted about that this morning. So many people on Twitter and so many gurus, and you guys probably know who I'm referring to. There's a lot of people that have very high status in this space that try to give themselves a God complex because they're a narcissist and try to...
do a lot of things to manipulate people's vision of them so they can you know be their quote teacher but in all honesty you know it's one thing to teach people analysis but if you teach people analysis with flawed psychology you're literally signing them up for death because giving like that perception that success is just about wins and is just about you know being right all the time and catching the bottom
And, you know, just making it look easy, like kind of like, fuck you. This is how I do it. It's just fake as fuck. And it hurts people because it gives that ideology that that's reality because it's not like I'll tell you right now. I'm wrong all the time. It happens. Right.
And you can see it in the chat sometimes. Like, for instance, you get a trade that's right. We hit ADA for like six hour. People are, you know, ecstatic, happy. Then there's a trade that hits minus one hour. People are in a fit. You know what I mean? And, you know, those if that is you, there's no person. I don't care. But just notice that that mindset, like you'll never be successful at this. I promise. And if you find yourself like.
tripping out over a loss. Now, I'm not saying it's not going to ever affect you. Like when I took a loss this morning on a U, my girl literally walked in. I was like, yeah, I just took a fucking O. I'm like, you know, I'm not happy about it, but I'm not going to sit there and like waller in it and like cry about it, you know, because what that does is it just makes you, you're in an emotional state now. And so now you're not operating from a state of logic. You're operating from a revenge perspective.
And you're not viewing things objectively to where you're going to be able to make that loss back. But there's a little rant on that. I just see it so much now where it's like it's at an all time high just because markets are crazy now. You know, I think a lot of people's 2020 endorphin rushes ran out. And, you know, this is going to be the part that's going to filter out the people who are here to be professionals and to stay at this. And then the people who are, you know.
uh more or less here for bull runs which and and i'm not talking down if that's you know if that's your your mo and that's cool but don't don't expect to take this um you know long or as a main profession if you can't get really into in touch with taking losses so he asked me in the discord why did i take phil long so um
The daily chart had the same kind of accumulation, manipulation, distribution schematic that I was looking at for Bitcoin. We had never retraced back up to a premium of this impulse move. Now, we came into this order block down here on the daily. The four hour got one break right here.
Right. And this is whenever we took the ADA longs. I wanted to take Phil, but I didn't because we took ADA, which ADA ran nice too. But yeah, that this candle I refined down, right? So then a break of structure in the four hour within the daily zone. So now we're seeing bullish order flow. Price comes back down. Go to one hour. I think it was just this whole, it was like a whole, I did the last candle maybe. I can't remember exactly what it was because it's not the one hour.
But I drew, I think it was just that last four-hour candle, even though it was a bullish candle, it was just the last candle before the move up. And it took liquidity, so it was a sweep candle. That's probably why I drew that. Then price came back down into it. As price came into it, we saw a 15-minute change of character. Then we saw this accumulation of orders, manipulation, down into the fair value gap and under the lows. And then push up.
And after that, so we were starting to see a very bullish order flow right in the background. Now this wasn't our entry model, but it was supporting the fact that the bullish order flow was in place. So then we look at our, where we really expanded from, which was this four hour, you know, down candle that took local liquidity price came back into that zone.
and gave similar price action where we took the high. So now we have this candle that swept liquidity. As price returned into it, we came up, came into this 15-minute supply right here, and then flipped that supply. So I used this demand right here. So we got into that last night. Price kind of moved it to the upside for a little bit, but I think it might end up wanting some lower lows. That was the logic behind that.
And so we asked for Adam. We'll do that one now. I need to waste some of these marks. So I saw something about Adam. There's something going on fundamentally with Adam that I'm not sure what, but I know that there is something that people were talking about. I think I even saw some YouTuber was making something. I don't know if it holds any value, but just there's food for thought. Daily. So I look at this as daily internal structure.
I guess you can really look at a swing structure. It's pretty choppy, but pretty bullish up until we came into this supply zone, so we could see a reversal here. Now, pretty equal highs right here. I'm just going to go ahead and mark them as equal highs instead of buy side. We came back down to this zone right here. I wanted us originally to come back down.
Coming to this four hours. I think I'm an alert set for it. It never did a lot of lows front running it now Isn't gonna be kind of finicky because You know when we looking at this from a market structure perspective, oh Adam 2.0, so there's I'm not up to date with it
But when you look at this, that's that daily internal structure or swing, depending on how we look at it, how you draw swing structure for this pair. And price comes back down to that daily demand zone all the way down into the refined zone right there. It sweeps some liquidity over here. So, you know, this is a high value area. But the only problem is, you know, if this doesn't get taken, you know, and we leave those equal highs, one could look at this as, you know, a weak.
a week low down here because it didn't do its job now i'll still entertain price i would say you're probably heading back down now i mean let's see as long as well you're actually at a pretty decisional point to be fair you don't want to come under that area right there unless it's just a very quick wick um yeah if you start to go bullish here you could maybe look to take a trade up to these highs because i want that to get taken out there's a lot of liquidity up there um
But again, it's not necessarily required. So I wouldn't force anything here. Seems like the zones got swept once, failed to break above the high. I don't know if this demand is going to hold, to be honest with you. If you don't get a nice reaction after sweeping these lows, that demand will probably fail and you'll move to the downside. Adam's kind of in its own world right now. It looks a lot different than a lot of crypto, I guess because of Adam 2.0.
How do you get your coins with a header like that? This down here? No, like on your right-hand side, you got them all labeled and organized. You just right-click and hit Add Section. So you just do that and just make it, you know, New York pairs, Asia session pairs, indices, metals, whatever you want to do. Nice little reaction. Nice little reaction so far here. It's not really the ideal time for that, so I probably would see that get swept, but we'll see.
No five-minute change of character or anything, but for instance, I mean this looks pretty clean if this were in a Session when I'd be trading this wouldn't look like a bad long, but it's just the times they're not there I'll trade down the 12 to 1 lunch Almost always. I mean sometimes you'll see a move without you, but you almost always see the liquidity get swept
I mean, if you hold above this though, or maybe sweep it one more time and start to see bullish action, you might see a push back up to take out these highs or maybe these highs really right here. What's up Anonymous? How you doing? I mean, that's really it. I mean, if you guys got any coins, just throw them down. I'll be getting off here in the next like five minutes or so. But yeah, if you guys got anything you want me to take a look at, just drop it in the chat.
What is actually, I'm just out of curiosity. I'm in a classic, like what is that even? Oh my God. Looking to the moon, baby. Why is it actually is pumping though? No, I didn't say that I necessarily think Bitcoin is coming in, but I think that we could see the lows be swept and still maintain a bullish narrative. But for you silent, I see you asked. It's really going to depend on this indices PM session.
So I'd watch NQ and the ES, but again, I mean, even if we sweep the lows, I still think we're going to move to the upside. XLM, whatever happened to XLM, I wasn't watching it after that zone.
I mapped out something, but I didn't take the trade. Oh, wow. I should have. That's always nice. Whatever. Fuck it. I mapped this out off of this low, I think was the rationale for that. This is a paper trade though. I don't want to take credits for taking a win. I didn't signal it either. So for any of those, just watch it on YouTube. I didn't signal in the group.
Oh, that was at that POI we talked about trip. You had that exact trade. Nice. Yeah, I didn't take it. I ended up mapping it out and I just like completely forgot about it until you just said that. Oh, you took it too. Anonymous. Nice. Yeah, because what we talked about, I think it was this POI down here. There's a four-hour POI, but what ended up happening was we rated that liquidity. So anytime you see, this is actually pretty clean. Anytime you see this right here.
That's going to be a high value area. Any kind of demand zone that raids liquidity. That's really the only thing I want to play most of the time, unless I'm layering my confirmations. But again, playing that first tap of the zone oftentimes ends up in a stop loss if you use that first tap as your stop. But then we moved up to the equal highs into the imbalance. Pretty clean trade there. I mean, the buy side got taken, but it seems like the stops are getting bought up.
The wicks on this are pretty big. It seems like a 15 minute view. A four hour actually would be better. Okay. Sorry, I'm just going to delete all this because too much drawing. You know, honestly, I mean, it's kind of odd just because of how many times it's already tapped into it, to be fair. I mean, if you want to use extremes, it didn't theoretically violate it.
I'll actually set an alert for this high up here to get taken. Get that five minute bullish price action. Could look for a long there. We'll see. Gold, this will be the last one I do.
I talked about gold yesterday. We were kind of in between on it. I was saying I was leaning bearish regardless of where DXY was at. I almost said DIA for some reason, the fucking Oracle coin, but moved pretty rough above the weekly open on Tuesday, putting in most likely what I would anticipate the high of the week to be. And now price is expanding down. I would look for this low or at least these lows. So now what I'm actually going to look at here.
Is this, this is just total speculation. Yeah. When I'll look at it for this, if we can get, if price starts to, whenever we form a swing low, wherever that may be on the one hour, I'll move the fibs to the bodies of the impulse move. I might even use this actually. And I'll look for optimal trade entry for potential sales. If we can, it'd be really nice if we could form some equal highs down here. We'll see.
Oh Wow, you said gala you didn't even say gold. I'm a fucking idiot. Okay. Well you do I'll do gala. This will actually the last one I have like my stream client mixed out or minimize down where it's small You know, I haven't actually peeped gala, but this isn't looking bad In all honesty here, so we just I'm just gonna X everything
So ideally, I'm not trying to overexpose myself to really a shitload of longs in crypto. We're already in ADA, which ADA is up pretty far. We've already taken most of the position. So that one I'm not really worried about. We're exposed in Phil. So where we're at, I'm not trying to really like ape in to a bunch of longs. So ideally, I would like to see that this would come with Bitcoin taking the lows. We take these lows into this daily institutional candle and four hour little range before we move to the upside.
Really I could pry actually mark this would be where I'm still gonna keep the alert there just cuz I like that wick
Same level pretty much. But really this little sell to buy range on this refined from the daily. Now there's liquidity under these lows. So if we can see a push down into this and then a move to the upside, that would be a much higher probability trade than taking one on here. Not to say here we look bad, but I will say the only problem I have with Gala...
And Bitcoin's even a little bit better than this. You know, whether we're talking about this high or I would really say this, this is really your swing or your internal range, which is very wide. So what I mean by that is for the four hour to be bullish on a market, a simple market structure level, we'd have to come up all the way above here. Now, just like everything else, we've got all these ominous lows that are kind of just lurking. The one hour.
is looking, theoretically would still be bearish if you use Wix for internal structure, which I do because we pipped that there. So the structure would be bearish in the one hour as well.
I think this is one that looks even more likely to take the lows than Bitcoin. I could be wrong. But what I would wait for personally is a move back down into this zone. And if we don't see a spring there, we'll seek lower. But if we can see some bullish order flow within this zone, I would look to long up to this high, if not into this imbalance. And that would be just the power of three again.
More so this high, just because, or maybe even the imbalance field, depending on the risk to reward. Don't want to get greedy. But if you look, we really didn't take out the sell side on Gala. To me, this is where the sell side liquidity resides for this range. On that note, I'm going to hop off here. Oh, Zach, I got you, Anonymous. I got you. And then Near. I got two more in me. That's it. Two more. Near.
We had shorts in this, so we cut these shorts break even a while ago. I'm surprised they haven't got stopped out at this point. I've seen some nice gains. Ideally here with near, I mean, you could be going for this high right here just because see how we came back in. We got that daily change of character. We came into the daily imbalance. Looks like a premium.
I mean, I'm sorry, a discount. Why do I always say that backwards? Yeah, it came into a discount and moved pretty aggressively away from it. So this actually looks pretty clean, if you ask me, for continuation of the upside. We probably see a retracement above that high, but not required. What I'm going to set alerts for is that four-hour zone and then come back to that later. That's really all she wrote for near. I wouldn't be FOMO-ing into it personally, just because the daily target.
camera imbalance There's really no daily liquidity target. So I mean to everyone depending on how far this moves or Ideally we wanted to leave equal highs for us to get along just kind of like what we just looking at that was like that There's another coin. I don't know. I have alerts up. I can probably see it'll jog my memory ETC. That's what it was. So just like ETC if we could form equal highs
give that retail perception of resistance, and then maybe frame longs around here. If we move too deep into these imbalances, I'd probably just scratch the idea. But either way, with this zone, as long as we don't move too deep, this zone will be potential long entry. And I would just wait for the 15 minute to confirm it. ETC, we already did that one anonymous.
Zach will do and that is the absolute last one I said I like Keeps hands the last one. I actually do have to run go get a haircut um Zach why do I have way this is wrong chart? They take it off purpose on finance. I guess they did because there was open interest or not
I could be per spot. Mech C has got it. I mean, Mech C, they keep fucking hitting me up for a partnership, but I don't want to do it. I think I talked about this the other day. I'm just like super skeptical of doing, putting my name next to an exchange, especially in this world economy. Would not be surprised for them to get rugged. You know, I mean, this doesn't really give me that much, but I would look for.
This looks pretty nasty right up your own thousands. Okay, cool. Thank you Good luck smell. Thank you. Okay. Now that we have a clear view Another quickly on that fade was shit See how we were came off that fair value gap
Trying to see if we came back down to this. That wick was after the... Yeah, it was. I mean, this doesn't look great to me. This is just one of those things where I wouldn't even really spend time looking at it. Personally, just because it doesn't really have a clear intention. You know, because to me, yeah, there's an imbalance here. There's going to be equalized right below it. This is one of those I would just kind of sit out on.
A lot of other coins you could watch. But if you were looking to be a buyer, you would look probably anywhere during that rate. Anything under this low. If you're bullish, that would be where you'd try to be a bull out if you get structure. But again, you just have those equal lows that are lurking.
But on that note, I appreciate you guys as always. If you have any questions, feel free to tweet me, message me, and all you guys in the Discord. Obviously, you guys know I'm really easy to get a hold of. And yeah, until tomorrow, be safe. Don't ape in. If you had a good day today, go ahead and get outside or work on some other project. But until tomorrow, I'll see you guys later. Peace.
