Fuck yeah. Happy 420. Let me go to... Why can I hear that? Twice. Or is that somebody in? Oh, that was why. I thought it was my mic. Or my shit. Hold on. We go to Bitcoin. Dude, I'm sick that I missed this. I'm going to show you guys just how fucking fine-tuned you can get with some of these reversal plays with the trade setup that was missed over here. So, what's up, JL?
How you doing? Hell yeah. Good, man. Fucking good. I'm actually, you'll appreciate this. I'm about to go over like what could have been the reversal fucking liquidity sweep play of a fucking century. If you took it, well, like what could have been. So like, look, so if you look, okay, so first off, we'll just go to like all context, right? On the daily, we've came up, we've mitigated a lot of supply. We've left equal highs here.
and also above here. A lot of liquidity at both of these levels. Now, while this has been swept somewhat, I still see a heavy liquidity at these levels. That's no, yeah, like no brainer for me. Like we're probably going there before anything else. But also now we've established equal highs up here. But you could also look at it as a lackluster redistribution, like a scam pump. I don't know.
Right here. Are you talking about... Yeah, no, I could definitely see it. You mean like right here? Yeah. Yeah, we're also in one hour supply and we have a ton of unmitigated liquidity below. But I will say, in my opinion, this one hour price action...
So depending on how we react to these liquidity down here, I think is bullish in my opinion. But for how long, I mean, honestly, we could have just really been mitigating the supply. So that's why I want to see how we react down here. But for instance, like this is a good example. I was actually in a one-on-one earlier explaining this to somebody. So like, because people always want to play reversals. So, you know, okay, smart money buys under an old low, sells above an old high.
And that even if the high timeframe narrative is against whatever, it's counterintuitive to the type of trade you're looking to enter, you can still catch relief pumps after these liquidity sweeps. So for instance, regardless how you're looking at all this price action, we now are, well, we're at this point in a discount.
relative to if you're drawing the range from these highs, which is how I would draw it personally. If you wanted, you could draw it here, but regardless, either way, you're in a discount. So once price came from the one hour down to demand, we're on high time frame demand, bouncing off, bouncing off, forming liquidity under these equal lows, price dipped under here to do what? Reverse. So if you're going to five minute, fucking a beautiful play. So if you wait, you have, of course, your
Where's my brush? Obviously, you're high here. I guess you could say here is your lower high, another swing, lower high, and then you have your charge right there, confirmation, and then you would have literally played, which one has the most volume? Let's see. Probably not much volume in any of them. You would have played this middle one. Well, I would have.
So that middle one right there. What was it on? I don't know. It's on maybe a 15-minute. That's what it was. Because I plotted this earlier, and it was like, yeah, that's what it was. Bro. Like, fam. You would have had a fucking 0.27% stop loss if you're playing that OB. And, yeah. This, yeah. Like, bro, because you were...
Yeah, that's why, I don't know. I think we're going to see probably north of 50K. I think we'll see that 52K, even if this is all one just big redistribution or whatever. I think we'll see. I think it's very possible. I really think it depends on, like before like 29K, but it really just depends on a lot of macroeconomic factors too. Yeah, no, if we just ship from here, for sure. If we just dump from here, yeah.
I think 30, this right here is what I'd be looking for. 30, it's around, I would just go for the lowest one. Before, where is that? 36, 900 around there. So there's a lot of liquidity under these lows. This is where I see the most liquidity. And then also you have unmitigated. Yeah. I'm still holding a runner in this. Yeah, but not, I mean, nothing really that crazy. Like a 10% of the original position.
because you could look at like the okay it's like the setup like up here in the one hour i mean this was just a bit fucking easy like daily supply on hourly change of character i mean it was like fucking like that shit's so easy just like right off you know what i'm saying even if you i could have used a lower stop but i don't know my my personal opinion with crypto trading like some of the ways that you could trade forex doesn't you end up getting fucked and also i saw this liquidity here at these equal highs so i was kind of like
I'm not trying to get fucking lick rated and just cry. Yeah, no, 100%. That's why I don't, that's why I'm not perma bear right now. But, yeah, you could, you could draw it like, yeah, yeah, yeah. Either way, what's up, Bill? You're good. But yeah, this, um...
This order block this daily order block and I refined it down to a one hour That's one hour supply which we could get we could see more upside and more Which they said alts see I like aetherium and other all coins way better than I like Bitcoin like I want to be nice if I go I mean just the charts like even like so like
Here, I mean, see the Bitcoin, the difference is you never like cleared these major highs. And I mean, this to me before, like pre-pump, this was your major high. I mean, you had no reason to draw your FIPS up here. There's absolutely no reason, in my opinion, just because that wasn't the strong high that sent us to the low that we had that cleared this break of structure. So this strong high resulted in this break of structure. So therefore, for me, that's going to be my range high. And we came up clear, got a break of structure. We returned to origin.
Maybe not all the way. I think we could still come down more, but we're accumulating like a motherfucker on demand. Nice reversal off of a liquidity sweep, just like Bitcoin. Swept all that liquidity, change of character. I mean, it's fucking butter, bro. You would have been fully out of that trade, but let's see.
Yeah, I just think Ethereum looks so much stronger than Bitcoin does. But I will say there's a lot of trendline liquidity on this weekly with Ethereum. I think it was drawn actually like this. Yeah, like this. So I could see that getting swept for any upside. But at the same time, there's so much fundamentally going on, not only for crypto, but the world right now that a lot of that shit can completely just fuck what we are looking for.
420 stream. I got you. So what you'd want to see here is you'd want to see price go from here. Ideally for you guys, you want it to make a lower low, right? And then do this number.
then make another lower low and then really the entry is gonna be off that order block and you'd be looking to come down to this supply so you want like a change of character because here you have
I'm not saying it won't come down, but theoretically, the way that I would enter, I wouldn't have entered just yet. So you have a higher high or higher low. So here's your higher low, higher low, higher low, higher low. So in all honesty, you haven't switched trend yet. You haven't broke that. But as soon as you make a lower low, that's going to be your change of character. And then after that, whatever low you create after that change of character.
that's going to be the level you're looking to break. And whenever you break that level right here, so that would be your break of structure. And then whatever order block sponsored this break of structure is what you would be looking to trade off of. And it'll give you a better risk to reward. Your position size will be better. But I mean, do I think that I could see this falling? I mean, yeah, you just cleared. Let's go to, I think they have the highest charts.
So here if you look, you've really cleared out these highs. I wouldn't really pay attention to this crazy high just yet. I mean, who knows? You might run for it. But I would say you cleared this high, swept that liquidity, and you also cleared this high. So you could be expecting a reversal. Also, not only do you have that, you have a massive fair value gap there on the four-hour. You've got a ton of liquidity down here under these lows.
But at the same time, you are talking about Ape Token, which it takes one announcement. And this is fucking flying. Like it takes, oh, Yugo Land Sale Live. Goodbye, they're shorts. But I don't think that's going to happen. I don't know, actually. They would probably pick a perfect time like that to do it. But if you're looking at it from, I mean, you could look for, I mean, if you look at this too, even if it is to remain bullish, you got liquidity here. Also.
Got a fair value gap here. And just under, you have an order block right at under equilibrium. So, I mean, you could, if this were me and I were shorting it from here, stop loss would be above this high. And then target, like I would target the 50% if I was swinging it. And I can look for more, but 1443 would be like really the first target other than.
other than this like you'd want to still take some profits at these lows like if you're especially if you're degenned into this you'd want to take profits at really that's 1556 50 i'm sorry 1559 i would take some profits there because you've got demand in the form of this order block also it's liquidity under these equal lows so you'll see a reaction there so i'd definitely be scaling out there that's where i'd take probably 30 percent stops to break even
After that, you could take some profits here at $15.37. It's really $36.2, but around there. After that, $14.43. And after that, it's $13.48. And this would be where you'd be fully out, though. $12.45, which would be, yeah.
Yeah, no, I've noticed more. I was like, long way? I was like, damn, long way? Still on play a bit? I thought I just had him on Snap, bro. He's taking Snap Trapper's girls. Fuck, bro. Honestly, LRC, though, I wanted to come down so I can get some longs, but this shit looks pretty fucking strong, bro. Like, a daily on LRC looks fucking gigable, in my opinion. Especially if, like, because, I mean, really...
I'll just hide this. So like you had, this was your trading range here, right? You broke structure, you turned down, came to discount, and you're accumulating on top of a high timeframe demand. Expansion, I mean, and you can see this wasn't just mitigation. We made a higher high. And you came back down to equilibrium. But there is a ton of fucking, if you look at this zone right here, this trading range.
You could come back down in a discount clear at this low time frame frame value gap and mitigate this order book and that would be like a super fire entry because also if you look Down here This was really your change of character to so in the 15 minute. So we had change of character
And then break of structure is right there. So the water block that sponsored the break of structure, which I just plotted all of it just because I'm looking at it from a swing perspective instead of, you know, super sniper. And I'm just using my stops under the range, but you would, you know, there'd be a ton of liquidity swept, clear out this low, sweep out anything up in here, fair value gap and this water block. So I would be looking at that point since you're using a internal target.
Well, depends how you look at it. If you're playing just that change of character, you would actually be using an external target because you're playing a reversal or at least the change of character that occurred outside of the original trading range since you came under the lows. And if you're using internal liquidity, you target external liquidity for your profit targets, which would be major highs. But if you're using external liquidity, you would just look for mitigation levels. But at the same time, I would not be surprised if we just...
say strong hair because it's like beating on one dollar's door like a motherfucker um god i mean you pretty much had all these lower highs now you've came out you have now not only on the 15 minute down there you have that change of character but now you have the um no matter how you look at it there's your change of character and there's your break of structure and you see the reaction here
Both times but the thing that I makes me think we still want to come down and sweep this up is how you saw price Have that break of structure bounce off the demand the sponsored the confirmation Come back down and then bounce again That's why I'm kind of like I don't know. I think we could come down and maybe sweep some of this but
I like LRC. I like LRC fundamentally, too. I think as far as zero-knowledge roll-ups go, it has more skin in the game. Loopring's been around for... I'm pretty sure Loopring's been around since 2017, if I'm not mistaken. Actually, I can go on just Coinbase if it was on here, so let's see.
Yeah, 20. Yes, exactly. 2017. I remember it fucking flew back then. So like when you look at LRC as a zero knowledge roll up, which are going to be in Vitalik himself even said that he talking about a fucking cup and handle break, but Vitalik himself even said that 20% or 80% of Ethereum transactions will be conducted on zero knowledge roll ups by 2023. And LRC is probably your safest bet with us. That's why I wanted to scoop some equity.
Also, we have massive weekly liquidity to fill here. If you look right here, we have a fair value gap on the weekly right there. On the daily, I'm sure there's even more. You have a supply up here to mitigate. Along with that, you've got equal highs up here, equal highs up here. So, I mean, you've got a ton of liquidity, ton of reason to get the upside. I really fuck with LRC.
I want it to come down so we get longs, though. I do and I don't. My equity, I got 50% up. I think it was like, let me just make this visible. It was at 949. That's what it was. That would be somewhat of a drop, 10%. But, I mean, once I average it, my actual position will be 5% down since I'm going to get another 50%, but also longs.
I haven't even looked to see if anybody's asked for any fucking coins. Hold on. Oh yeah, I started 15 minutes late. I was like, how the fuck is it? MKR. Oh, what's up? Ape of DeFi. This looks nice. Look at daily. Actually, I think I had shit chartered maybe on Coinbase. See, I found a low time frame. Maybe there was another one that I missed.
That's neat when you look there's not a whole lot of demand. I mean not a whole lot of volume at this demand zone It looks like that's where we were reacted to Got a breakup structure to confirm so what I would look for here at this point would be a 15 minute maybe so you have a 50 meet you know lower high lower high lower high higher high so there's a change of character
and there's that so you could look at it one of two i mean you could also say this is your order block to sponsor this break of structure and i almost would just because the volume um so if you notice like to the naked eye you might say okay well here's the you know here's the order block obviously it's the biggest candle because that's how they'll teach you like the ict he'll say like oh the biggest candle which i totally disagree with i've back tested because he said like oh it has the most volume in it and that doesn't even make sense that's the most you know
You can't really say that with crypto. I mean, yes, there's different feeds. I think the reason that he says that is because of Forex has so many brokers. But really, this is what you would have traded, in my opinion, because you look at the volume and we're on Coinbase. It's not like on some illiquid small exchange. So you have the most look at this volume compared to this. Tell me where institutional money is. Not that hard.
So here was really your chain. Holy shit, that was loud. So here's your break of structure. It's going to be confirming that change of character. So once you have that, you could have played longs here. I've been so fucking busy working on shit lately that I would take the fuck out of that if I would have been watching. And since you're using an internal target to your range, you'd be targeting external levels. So I would say...
Probably just to be safe you'd be looking at there. I'd be looking for 1914 here not have been a snipe of a trade Very low and this is what I keep stressing on these streams is like these trades like even if it's only 7% This is a much better trade than you know, say something like this
right like that looks better to people because they look at it and see a higher percentage when in reality that risk reward on that one was i think three and we have 11 here so if you're sizing your positions right you make way more money off it's this is all that matters risk reward that's all that fucking matters when you're trading if you're looking at equity and spot gains of course percentage matters and even then though if you're trading with a large enough port to be trading um uh just you know in and out
You really should be looking at risk-reward over anything. Everything else is super, super fucking irrelevant. Somebody's fucking loud. Let me get a crypto chat. I mean, these are all really nice setups that have been happening. If we look at the daily here, let's go look at the weekly. It just looks nice because... Let me hide all this. So you had all this liquidity here.
All that got swept down here. Now I've got a break of structure after that liquidity sweep, right? So now after that, you're looking at this return to origin of this move, and you can lightly plot this on the weekly. You can see weekly demand also falls in with that change of character we plotted. That shit is literally perfect. I'm going to look at... Yeah, I want to look at IMX because this shit has been flying.
So happy and that's what I'm telling you guys you got to be Only those leverage plates when we got stopped at a break-even, but if only we would have held with like a swing We're still an equity on this but this shit has been going crazy today. You know a chart Yeah, we got it. There we go. Hi time frame break of structure. I didn't realize that I'm actually redraw this cuz I had drawn that at a different time. Oh This would really be your change of character
Yeah, it already played out. Oh, well, sold in equity. And see, this is why I tell you that it matters when you're looking at volume. So for instance, a lot of people would have not even, first of all, probably not looked at either of these candles. They would have looked down here. But you look at this right before, I mean, and here's where it gets to not be a nonlinear practice because I've had people be like, oh, that's not an order block. There wasn't a break of structure right after it. Well, you're forgetting what an order block actually fucking is. It's just order flow. It's not like.
some two plus two equals four it's just a way for you to visualize activity in the market so here you would have used this order block right here right with this higher volume and yes that's why a lot of people would not say it's an order block but look i mean perfect reaction off of it on coinbase it looks like it didn't even hit it all the way yeah it did barely but
If I had to guess, we'll probably engineer more liquidity to the upside, or I hope we do. Leaving some highs, come back down and do what? Mitigate more of the sell-side liquidity. 15 minute, you're at a five minute, and you can continuously find these setups. So come down, change of character. Honestly, you'd have to do like a one minute to really find this, and even then I wouldn't probably try to mess with it too, too much. Be right here.
I'm actually going to chart this, and I encourage you guys to do the same stuff. Chart stuff and see how it works out. I guess both these candles look like they have equal volume, so I'll just chart this and just leave it and come back in a couple days to see how it plays out. So I'll do this. I'm not going to play that, but back test, see what coins react to lower time frames better. Always be trying to learn.
But I would like if we could engineer this liquidity to upside, come down, pounce and continue. Because I really like it's like every alt chart looks fucking amazing, in my opinion, other than just Bitcoin is like the only chart that's questionable. And even then, to me, I see liquidity down below, but I'm not to the point where I'm saying 28K just yet. But, you know, that can happen and just play it by ear. But I just don't think there's.
a reason to say we're going to 20 like i've heard so many people on twitter and 30k 30k 28k um maybe like that 36k like that's really your next era you'd be looking at and it's all stepping stones you can't really jump like that much to conclusions in my opinion it's like saying we're going all-time highs from here you just don't know there's no rational reason to say that it's just all speculative
But here with IMX, if you look, nice return to origin. I mean, literally, these are the same setups. If you look back and backtest last July, last September was when this, this is like the equivalent to last September. Everybody thought everything was a scam pump. We're all fucked. And then, you know, what happened? We went to $69,000. So here, I mean, I mean, looking at this, I mean, you've got,
These equal highs right there. Let me do the, I think it's FTX. Got these equal highs. These equal highs. I mean, there's a ton of liquidity to the upside here. Didn't ever tap into that, so I don't know. I see a lot of potential for IMAX. Bro, DYDX looks fucking, I almost fucking called longs on it, bro. At 440. At 440, bro.
Like literally whenever I swept right here it was this fucking wick I had an alert on I think it was
i don't even know what chart it was it was on one of these charts but i had an alert whenever we crossed under this um low right here because it's like bro like i mean fuck how much you know what i mean like look at this like where you know the risk rewards there you're like literally all-time lows so we cleared that and i remember i was like i remember when we cleared it the market was kind of rough i was like i'm not gonna do it and i literally came back like a day later and i was like bro what the fuck i almost want to like look for
An entry here so like if you want to get surgical with it Yeah, that's what I would look for Well, we don't have a reason to think we're gonna go that low just yet because you could also look at it like An hourly change of character which usually will be respected more but actually play this I'm probably gonna set some moments for this Yeah, I'm gonna set some moments for this
Bro, and this is another zero-knowledge roll-up. DYDX is another. It's like IMX, fucking LRC, and DYDX.
All three of those are fucking, I'm telling you guys, those are some of the better investments long-term, in my opinion, because they're all with actual utility, and most people don't even fuck with them yet. Like, I mean, no, I shouldn't say most people. Most people who are deep in crypto or in DeFi do have some exposure to these. And somebody said, I use fair value gaps. I just messed up that. Yes, I use fair value gaps. I like this setup right here.
So what is this? That's $4.54.5. What the fuck? I got it on point. That happens like an odd amount. Probably is equal highs. I'd actually probably take it to this daily supply there.
Because if you look in the daily, we had, I guess, that this would be a change of character, and this would be probably the confirmation somewhere in there. Not by looking at just this chart, but I can tell you that's what happened. So you look, change of character. Actually, I mean, the four hour, it's way up here. I'll probably do this. I have my capsule, I'm not sure. Is it near, right? I don't want it completely blank. Right, was it near? Gotcha. Let me set this one.
with near i'm seeing a ton of liquidity right there um i want this probably to get swept before i'd enter any longs um i don't know any else on this order block right here four hours yeah this is looking also got liquidity right here as well though i'd be probably looking for this level right here
1242 But I'm not saying out shorter to that or anything near is pretty strong fundamentally But I probably if I wasn't in already and I play what we got you guys in this a while ago But this isn't where I would be getting into it now if you're buying Fundamentally and like you do a lot of research on near and you really like the platform and it's not then you know always DCA into it, but from a Liquidity standpoint, you've basically just mitigated liquidity you had above
Made a lower high. Have some equal highs here. I think that you could maybe see a little bit of cooling off. And then if you really want to get down to it, I mean, the return to origin is down all the way at like $11.30.
But I wouldn't be looking for that. I'd be looking for this. This is what I'd be looking for next. 1456 to get cleared. You'll probably be able to catch relief longs from that point, but I don't think it will. I mean, I don't know. It could have strength there. That's where I'd revisit it at, though, and I'll actually set an alarm for that.
Because NIR has a lot of stuff going on fundamentally, just got listed on FTX, Coinbase listings probably coming soon. It would be nice to maybe see a flush to the downside, sweep up all this liquidity, hit down on this demand on the high timeframes. And from there, you could be looking at some good longs, at least up to these highs or close to them. Uh-oh, Dave, you got it.
Oh, Uniswab had a... Oh, shit. They got hit with a class action lawsuit. By who, though? Is it actually the SEC? I can't... Yeah, it is, I'm pretty sure. Let's see. Oh, wow. Is this a fucking joke? I'm surprised they actually fucking filed for this. Eight racks. Like, how much money did you have to pay for that?
I don't know. Probably a lawyer that just agrees to defend you for a cut of the winnings. Usually they won't take it if they don't think they can win, though. That's interesting. What is this? Soul? This actually is coming down where I wanted it to. Close to it. Not just all the way yet, but... Yeah, I see what you're seeing. You'll probably be able to catch some longs there. I wouldn't swing them inevitably.
We have a 15 minute because where's all this volume at? I'd probably just jump this whole group together if it were me. I think that's what you did, isn't it? Yeah, looks like it. I'm on like a half screen. I have like half my stream on half. Can I chart any coin just to show how I chart or how I start charting? Yeah, sure. I'll do that after this. All right, let's do it on Sol. Why not?
So always start from the top down, meaning you always start on the daily time frame because you want to be mindful of the high time frame trading range you're in because that's how you're going to know where your external range liquidity is at. And how do you find the high time frame range? Well, you're going to look where we expanded from last into the new price range. And this expansion almost always results in a break of structure. So what does that mean? Well, if you look for consolidation, you're looking for sideways trading.
So if you look right here, we had kind of price was barcoding a little bit, just bouncing along. It wasn't doing this. That's the main key. That's expansion. So we're going to look for a level that sent us down into a new high time frame range. So with Solana, if we look on the daily time frame, you're going to look right here.
This is where your daily time frame daily high time frame ranges why well this high sends you back down to our lows Now you're gonna have a breakup structure right there. You expanded from this range
and you see a lot of volume coming into the market after we move down into this new range. This is going to be establishing the internal range liquidity. Whenever you start to see money come in, that's where you're going to have your auto rally, and we're starting to engineer liquidity that's later going to be swept. Anyways, I don't want to get too far ahead of myself. After you've established this daily range, well, we're going to use this as our...
bias, whether we want to go long or short. So if we're above the 0.5, that would mean we are in a price area of premium. We're above the fair market value that is at the median of the range. So whenever you're looking at an asset, do you want to buy it at a premium or sell it?
So you want to make sure you're not going against the trend. And there are trade opportunities where you can do so, but I wouldn't recommend doing that until you have a lot of experience trading. But here we'd be looking for longs when we're in discount. And if price is to remain bullish on a high time frame, we want to see whenever price comes back down into this discount, like it is right now, we want to see a good reaction. And it's going to come back down to demand, wherever that is.
Here's demand. Now, if we're going to draw this in a four-hour, this range would be a little different. Price is always going to be fractal, so to speak. You could draw it down here, a four-hour. Now, when you're looking at this four-hour range, it looks like we're breaking out and maintaining bullish price action on top of an old demand zone.
So what is bullish price action? Well, it's very simple. It's higher highs and higher lows. But whenever you have an expansive move back down to an area of liquidity, this demand, we're going to be looking for a reversal from this area. So we see we have a high, we have a lower high, lower high, lower high, lower high, and then what? We have a higher high. So now we have something called
a change of character and you know i would actually probably i would consider this the high i wouldn't you could look at it like that like this is your swings but you know i would instead of looking for your swing prices like this you know trying to zigzag it i would just look at it like this it is important that you do this correctly because if you don't you can miss chart
these moves. So when you look, and I like using this path tool, sometimes it helps people. So when you look, we really, here is your first higher high, right here, or right here, whichever one you want to draw. So we can say your first higher high or change of character was right here.
There was your first change of character you could drop from this high over here if you wanted it whatever it's the same Swing so now we're going to be looking for a break of the high put in by that swing
all the way up here. And once we get a break of this high, you could look for an order block that sponsored that break. And that's how I would enter it. But in all honesty, I don't really like this chart for swings, but where Davey was saying, and this is how you can use that high timeframe narrative to your advantage when trading on low timeframe. So we look, okay, well, we came back down into demand. We're sitting just above fair value.
fair market value on the four hour time frame. On the daily time frame, we're far in discount. So it would be justifiable to look for some longs. So when doing so, if we go down to this one hour range, we look at the current range we're in. So even though we're in that massive range, we're in discount, we want to make sure we're finding it relative to what range we're trading on, right? Because this is the one hour range right here. This was the high that gave us that expansion.
and sent us back into this new range. So here we're going to be looking for areas of demand within discount of this range we're in. Now, when I look at this order block or all these orders over here, you could say that this is the order block because it's the best body or this one. But in reality, when I look, I'm looking at volume and I see the most volume in this candle. But when you look, there's a lot of wicks right there. So instead of just
playing that whole wick i'm going to go to 15 minute find the candle that has the highest volume which is going to be this one and in this situation um i would probably i would actually probably play the wick just because it's so close i mean we're talking a minuscule 0.3 so here i would say this is your zone that's going to be your order block
So once price comes down into demand, you could look for longs. And if you wanted to really, really refine your probability, you could go in the five minute and wait for that same price action, that change of character that we had that we're looking for in the hourly, which is followed by an expansion of the downside. And then we start to make a higher high and another higher high. So you could use that same structure in order to find
longs down here for instance you might see it right here so we have our highs here lower high but then what higher high so if you were to break this high up here
whatever's the highest one, can't tell, I think it's this one. Once you break that, you could look for the order block that sends you above here and play that return. But remember, you have to trade relative to the range you're in. And if we're looking on the one hour, doing that, what I just said would put you in a long and premium of this range. So everybody's trading style is different, but I wouldn't trade it because of that. Now where Davey was saying to trade, I would look into that because
We're just under fair market value. And if you were to play a continuation, if that's what your goal was, if we come down into this zone, I see some bullish price action. And since you're using an internal area of liquidity, being this order block inside this range, you would target the external liquidity, which is the major high of the range. So your play would look something like this. I think there was actually...
Something like that. It'll be a pretty good setup. We have a 6-1 here. That's more than justifiable to take longs there. Personally, I don't like trade sold too much, but this does look good. Yeah, yeah. I mean, that shouldn't influence me trading it. I just don't look at it as much, I guess, because I'm biased. But that's why I don't fuck with it. It's just centralized. It's like Android of fucking crypto, in my opinion.
Yeah, it's like meds, bro. We don't smoke meds. And also, it's not just me either. If you look at their TVL over the last nine months, I mean, it's just been steadily declining because whales are seeing that, hey, like I'm locking my money on a fucking chain that can just turn the water off at any moment. Like, why would you do that? It's just, I don't know, just meds. And you're welcome. Sue Simon. What a fucking name. I just realized what that was.
I got you, though, bro. Well, on that note, I'm probably going to hop off here. I'm going to go smoke a Backwoods, which I never do. I usually just smoke bowls, but I'm going to roll one up, and hopefully we're smoking on the LRC pack by the morning. Hell yeah. All right, I'm going to holler at you guys. Just let me know if you have any questions at all. Just DM me. I'll help however I can. Until next time, I'll see you guys later.
