what's up how you guys doing so yeah right now one thing i'm watching um i'm watching eth
I'd like to see more, a deeper retracement because I drew this four hour zone, but it is a pivot zone. And oftentimes in the four hour, we're going to get farther up into these supply zones. You know, at least this last candle, if not the fractal, which is going to be the wick here. So I am watching it though. We got one market structure break onto the downside, pretty quick return back up in origin. You can barely even tell it returned to origin before this wick down happened.
pushed back up in there broke that newly found low low time frame demand but
And we look at the one minute, and this is why we can use different timeframes for confirmation. We look at the one minute, okay, when we had that market structure break in the 15 minute. Newly introduced demand pushed us back up to return to origin of the supply. That supply then overtook demand. So then we watch for price to return up to supply in the one minute, right?
So we overtook that demand now. There's no confirmation in the one minute. This is why you can really become a little more picky, I guess, if you will. Maybe it's this supply. I don't know. We'll watch. But I'm not convinced yet. I don't have what I need in order to go short just yet. I can change pretty quickly, but you want to make sure that you're always mindful. I'm mindful that...
You know, depending on how you draw it, if we're drawing the last, you know, the pivot zone, the last up candles before the down move, well, then, you know, we are in a four hour zone. But, you know, a lot of times, I think we went over this last couple of streams, that, you know, price oftentimes will move into these higher zones, like the more refined zones. So, you know, that being said, we can be mindful of where we're at.
what is this i think is just equilibrium yeah we're also i'm getting closer to being at a premium we're not necessarily on a four hour premium yet so you can use that as well as some confluence to maybe be a little more patient
But right now, I guess where I'm at is we've established our London low here. I'd like to see a New York retracement, but I don't have any reason to see that just yet. I mean, I've got the beginning of that framework. We've got our idea, but we have no opportunity just yet. Now, that can change pretty quickly. But I would really consider this our 15-minute flip zone. Price is just now returning to that on the one minute.
so at this time you know i'm going to need a one minute market structure break and then two to confirm that supply has been has been flipped so we can watch i'd say this level right here see how we react to it
Another thing to keep in mind is you want to look at the dollar index. It's always good to look at. The dollar index looks pretty bullish if you ask my opinion. We've made higher low here. It looks like we just put in another higher low. You got that change of character in the 15-minute internal structure. Return back down to origin. It happened pretty quickly here, but demand is being respected. So that would go along with the short narrative.
Also, you know, there are high timeframes, four hour, everything's still pretty bearish. We don't really have the premium discount of the high timeframe range on our side yet with Ethereum. Bitcoin we do though, so you need to keep that in mind. Now here we can watch, see how price wants to react here. GM to Zach on YouTube. Yeah, let's look at a couple other setups that we're developing.
happening this morning. I took a little Bitcoin short earlier, but it's already been trimmed. So that was pretty early during the New York kill zone. So here with AVAX, so if we look at this four hour, we came up into this nice supply. We cleared a lot of highs. I just think we stopped out the early shorts. Again, we don't really have that. Definitely don't have premium here yet.
So that's something to keep in mind. So you want to make sure you are a little bit more conservative and go for more of a confirmed, I guess you'd say, approach. So really here, price came down. We got our first break of structure there.
If you want to get technical, it probably happened up here. I just can't, you know, I don't have the benefit of, you know, the rewind feature only allows per candle. But if you look price, this candle pushed below, this candle's low. I'm not sure if this high was made before that because, for instance, if this candle here, this high was made, well, then that's a low. If that low is taken, that's your initial change of character. I don't have the benefit of seeing how that exactly played out.
If we go to one minute, you can kind of tell. So if you see, let's actually mark exactly what time. I think it was 6.45. 6.30, the low between 6.30 and 6.45. So the low was cleared first. That made a new high. So here was your initial change of character. So that was that.
right here that you don't have to worry about that. So at this point, I would look at our market structure break really as this level right here. That's how I drew it earlier. I did want to take a closer look at this live with you guys. But we came down, we got that internal structure break. Now we look for price to return up to this level. And there's also a fair value gap. These highs that are forming could be producing some buy side liquidity.
You know, it's also 10 a.m. It would be nice to see a sharp run up into some of this liquidity. We might not get it, but that would be nice. And then at that time, you could look for price to reverse within this level. Maybe it was this supply and this fair value gap is enough fuel, but I'm not going to chase it. I'd like to see maybe a sharp push up clearing this liquidity and then a one minute change of character. So that's kind of what I'm watching for right now.
Let's go look at Bitcoin. Bitcoin is still, I think that we got an early little trade here, presented itself as a very quick in and out. Not really the greatest opportunity, but it was confirmed, if you will, as a more probable alternative to waiting. But what I'd like to see here, I think I marked it up.
We have this supply here and this fractal supply right here. So at this time, what you really want to see is that you want to see price shift to the downside. Now, there is the, you know, the contrary that this could be a buy day. And this was really the nice liquidity rate, you know, during the stock market open. Usually that doesn't happen that early, but sometimes it does. Now, if that's the case, you're going to, you know, we see this London low protected. That demand here got respected.
So, you know, while the high timeframes are bearish, you know, you still have to be aware of both perspectives because I do see that, the long. But I just, you know, me personally, I'm not really a fan of longing this. You know, there were longs that presented themselves last night. Some of you guys caught them. And what's up, Ian, on YouTube? That's kind of just what I'm watching right now. I'm letting everything develop. I don't think there's any point in...
you know, rushing and forcing anything just yet. I don't think that that's a good idea. We also have this, usually right around this time, there's some news that comes out, just general financial news, not necessarily with crypto, but it affects markets, it'll affect the dollar. So we might see that liquidity rate here. And then again, watch for that setup to form. So as high as I've gotten swept twice now, what would the 15 minute structure be at this point?
Super wiki. This demand is seeming to be respected, but time will tell with that. Not really confirmed enough for me. Yeah, sure, we got this internal structure break and then this right here. So that would lead more to that narrative.
But as of right now, 15-minute market structure on pretty much everything is still bullish. So in order to really get that confirmation, you can wait for swing structure or you can use internal structure and be a little more aggressive. But if you are going to be aggressive like that, you need to take profits in the same manner. For instance, if we took shorts here, you need to take profits at these lows right here in this demand. If you're trading counter trend.
You know, you can use demand. I preferably use structure whenever I'm trading pro trend. And if you're trading counter trend, you can use demand or supply if you're longing, I guess. But internal liquidity rather than external. Another thing to watch. I'm just going to watch. I'm not going to trade off this at all. I don't like where it's sitting, but watch this fair value gap. Do you have any other time frames? Seems like on one, two, three.
Five minutes, there's a fair value gap fill right there. So I said if I can peep total crypto market cap. Yeah, sure. Some of these concepts are going to be a little different on total market cap. But generally speaking, you can kind of use them as a guide. Approaching that four-hour supply, not yet any. So that's not necessarily...
Where it needs to be I guess where you'd look for that reversal because you want to wait till you're in those POIs same thing goes, but that's what I was saying with ETH I'll stay on this for a second, but but basically the total market cap is the same as Bitcoin you're just in this range
They're counting back up to equilibrium. It seems like supply is pretty clear in control at this point, but we might see this high get taken. If we don't get a reversal here, this high is probably going to get taken because then it would be a weak high. It did not form a new low.
so you know really anything that doesn't form a new low like on the swing structure you know if it you see this run and then it kind of rounds up back up you know usually it'll get taken it's just going to be more induced early shorts so you know those those highs that don't make new lows they're all weak so they're probably going to get taken at some point that's why you see like on bitcoin all of these highs right here
All of these highs right here, everything got taken because it was all weak. So now we look for the weak lows to get taken, ideally. But we always have to wait for that confirmation. You don't ever want to just go gung-ho into something and force yourself to take a trade that you wouldn't have taken just because you're latching on to, oh, these weak lows have to be taken. We've got to short them.
So yeah, at this point, just kind of watching, we're just kind of consolidating within the supply. We're at that decisional point, right? Where, you know, you're not necessarily just jumping into stuff, but you do have a potential idea presenting itself. But in order for it to come to fruition in the right way, where you're not going to get stopped out along the way trying to catch that trade, then you need to make sure you wait for that confirmation. I don't like when my chart's so cluttered.
Let's check on ETH, actually. Ethereum's not looking too strong here, but it's really not in that POI that I want. I'm a four-hour just yet. I know we drew it. We got to watch it, but... Whoa, there's two streams going on right now. What's up? That's crazy. Yup. Reactive. Holy shit, Animoca Brands has a portfolio over 1.5 billion. That's insane. Let's see. Ethereum's not looking too hot here.
Well, if it breaks down at least. The thing is, with that big wick like this, at the stock market open, a lot of times that's just a liquidity rate. We cleared out pretty much all the sell side from this little local range we had developed since the London session. Except, of course, your London low. You respected that newly introduced demand at your London low. Actually, no, I'm sorry. This would be your London low. Forgive me. Somebody said something about EGLD. I actually haven't looked at EGLD in a while.
Yeah, I mean, your weekly is bearish, super bearish. Really, your weekly low is about right where you're at, but I'll still mark all of it up. Yo, Casper, could you check link for me, please, bro? Yes, I got you. I'll do that after EGLD. No worries, bro. So I'm here with EGLD.
No signs really of a reversal just yet, in my opinion. Still pretty daily even on the bearish. Still pretty bearish on the daily. We'll see, but the demand's really not being respected. So until you form demand that we then respect, maybe you get a change of character on the daily of the internal structure or at least a swing structure break or anything. But I just don't see much of a...
A, signs of a reversal yet from a perspective of market structure. You got a daily high right here. Everything's going to be the same low on your week as your weekly, the four hour, everything. Yo. What's up? What's up? I didn't realize that was you. I was like, who the hell is that? It sounded different. I'm thinking of shorting Bitcoin and BNB. Yeah, I'm thinking the same on Ethereum and Bitcoin.
I wouldn't look for shorts on Bitcoin until maybe like 32, 465. Yeah, I'm not really looking for an entry yet, but I'm more short biased. Yeah, that distribution pattern we had on...
the 31st of may took out the last uh took out the liquidity from the last structural high before 32 650 which is where our four hour breaker structure is that'll swap us bullish again
Yeah, there's definitely supply left. That's what I was saying, was that we're in supply if you draw it certain ways. But if you really want to get a little bit more accurate, I don't think we're necessarily tapped into all of it just yet. But I'm still watching the 15-minute for signs of reversal. Yeah, because right now in the hourly, we're bullish. Yeah, we're bullish on everything as low time frames.
The way it is right now is 32, 450 is a weak high. So we should expect to see 32, 450 get taken out first before shorts. Yeah. No, I think they're still developing for sure. If we break there, that should cement 29, 200 as our new strong low.
On what, the H1? Yeah, I'm looking at the one hour right now. Because we broke 31-4 with 32-5, which makes 27-9 our strong low, which is where...
We hit a quick... Yeah, that makes that a strong low. And then we had a one-hour change of character on June 3rd, which swapped us back to bullish, which means the higher low could be in place. Right. No, the low timeframes are definitely bullish right now, but I'm still... The way I look at it is like...
If the four hours bearish, then those strong lows are actually weak lows in reality. They're all weak lows on a different time frame. That's why I haven't been as long biased. Hold on one second. I've got to go grab something. I'll be right back. I had to grab these scissors. Let's roll me up a little grab a joint. I'm trying to migrate to waking up at 5 a.m. It's hard over time. I don't like going to sleep that early.
i'll go you have what time it's fucking like what 8 30 there for you right now i'll go right yeah watch bitcoin while i'm on this so um you were talking about this high right here uh yes like this whole thing right here right because you'll see if that high didn't really break any structure to the downside that could be considered a weak high yeah
That's what I was saying too, like with total, exactly. Like anything that doesn't, technically anything that doesn't break. Well, I mean, if you're using swing structure, it's a weak high. If you're using like internal structure, I guess it's not. But if, in my opinion, I try to use swing structure if I'm using the high timeframe. So really, you know, everything that doesn't clear out this low down here is a weak high, you know, and that's why all these highs got taken, all these early shorts. It just induces early liquidity.
It's like, that's how Bitcoin likes to play too. It's just max pain. It's like, even whenever you think that it's like, oh, it's swept all the liquidity, it'll sweep that again. Like they go for those double liquidity grabs quite often. I don't know how to grab a leaf.
They said, what if I refine the four hour spot of 15 minute? Yeah, no, a hundred percent. I agree with doing that. Like almost always like use that 15 minute to get a better perspective. Cause you can actually dissect the price action and see like, okay, well, where did the selling start? Where are there actually orders probably left? I, I highly encourage you to do that because you know, unless you're using like,
an inside bar on a high time for like a four hour something like oftentimes that four hour
You know, it's going to be wider, especially with crypto, how volatile it is. It's going to be a wider zone than where the actual supply is. And you might get false signals by trying to rush and, you know, play that first internal change of character whenever, you know, those internal changes of character can work well. But the key to being aggressive like that is having a correct POI because it's easy to draw, you know, really broad for our range.
um you know as soon as you tap that range your brain wants to look for plays and you're like oh here we are you know here's my setup and you forget that you know you may not even be where you need to be at so yeah i highly encourage using the 50 minute and sorry guys bear with me for like two seconds i'm gonna roll this up i'll be back active on the screen how you doing jl how was your weekend not bad at all that was so epic one's internal daily structure foolish wait internal daily structure
Yeah. Sorry, I was typing something. Yeah, not too bad. I actually just hopped on my computer. Yeah, I haven't really done much. It's crazy right now. This weekend. I took a wave short on Friday, and then it hit, and I was like, all right, I'm actually going to not even look at anything all weekend. Of course, I glanced. I'm trying to view my phone, but I didn't really sit down, and usually I'll still watch. Those trades that just do all the work for you.
You just don't have to do shit exactly like I hopped on my computer and like I don't need to be on my computer right now
Yeah. That wave's short. I took almost full profit. I'm not really itching to take a trade, but I'm definitely back on... Whenever I have that trade that says open P&L like that, I'm like, all right, I don't need to look at any more charts. But if it's not, then I'm like, okay, let's keep my eyes peeled. Did you long this newly introduced demand down here somewhere, probably? Yeah. Like the liquidity rate.
Yeah, I basically logged the liquidity rate and had a one minute change of character. Yeah, after that. And if you go on the, I think it's the one hour. Yeah, check the one hour. If you go on the one hour, you'll see where the liquidity rate is. You see that long ass wick right there, the selling climax wick? Yeah. Is that the perp chart? Yeah. Draw a fib on it.
right off equilibrium looks like uh yeah uh body the wick oh body wick no no sorry like body like exactly how you just had it yeah like that so we got a one minute change of character on the actual look rate and then i waited for a re-tap of the 0.5 of the silent climax wick nice yeah i would like to use it how we were talking about like the other day
The internal market structure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go down to the one minute. You'll see that that one like that candle is actually very weird. That's the best way to do it, though, isn't it? I'm telling you, like, it really is. But it's like you used it in a correct way. Like, this is a good example of how to use that. Like, you can't just always use it. But like in this situation, it's like, oh, clear liquid. Yeah, it's only because there is a lot of confluence around here. Exactly.
like a high time frame licorade you have your internal change of character you tap the demand zone and on top of that you're sitting at um optimal trade entry for the swing yeah so you're at you're literally like where you want along yeah so you like let all those that's that's the key that i want everybody to take away from that is like all of these different tools that you know everybody's learning fairly quickly you got to remember they're they're not meant to be used by themselves
and preferably you want to use all of them together you know you want to use liquidity you want to use market structure well you always use market structure and then you can maybe pair that with liquidity maybe you pair with supply and demand and ideally you want to pair with both and i've noticed that crypto i mean like the price action is pretty choppy but you know if you wait for inducement to get cleared a lot because a lot of the time crypto you see inducement like a lot like you'll see
the change of character and then it'll hit you know like a supply
that you think is the supply, and you think you miss the shorts. And then you play that second entry, and then you get stopped out only for the trade to go along its way. Yeah, that was a huge problem when I first got into Smart Money. You'd think it hit your entry, so you'd market fill, and then you'd market fill at the top, and then it pulls back. Yeah. Go look at BNB. It's looking interesting for a short. Wow. Ooh, momentum. Almost on this joint. You could go back to...
302 from where it's at right now. I'm just looking for scalps. But yeah, we're trading stocks. I'll be back. Gotcha. Shit's busting, bro. What stocks? That's the other thing, too, is that the Nas and shit like that looks like it might want to make some moves. That I got on the Nasdaq. Wait, so that place where I entered my logs, can you go to the one minute and tell me if I use that internal market structure break correctly? Yes.
Un momento. Almost done. I felt this order block on a 15 minute. Oh, I just about dropped my weed.
I'm about to long Euro-USD. Yeah, look at DXY. You should. Algo, be careful. It's a European bank holiday. That's why I didn't go long on Euro-USD like Flyers did this morning. I was waiting for the spare value gap at the $7.05 to get filled. It's like at $1.06.
How'd those Euro longs go? Or Euro shorts? I was in gold shorts. Euro shorts are pretty. No, no, I was talking to John. Weren't you asking me to analyze some forex?
I don't know. I took gold shorts, I said though. So here with that internal structure, JL, I'll just draw it and just tell me if this is how you did it. Below. You'll see, yeah, it's that big black handle right there. So I put my change of character, you see where that next, where it wicked it past? Yeah, right there. That's it. That's right. That's right. See, most people would have just used that. And here's the thing is like, I mean,
I just don't get it. Like I see a lot of people on Twitter, like this was their end, but here's the thing. It yielded the same entry realistically, but that doesn't always happen. And most people don't understand. It's like, you know, that was literally a change of character because this is your internal pullback. Exactly. So yeah, that's, you know, that's, you know, that's the difference between, you know, wondering what the fuck happened and also, uh,
you know really once you understand and you develop like it is that technical and you also detach from the perspective that like this is just the time frame you're looking at like this in the 15 second was a totally different monster i mean that was much clearer there and you might not always get the clear depiction of what you're searching for on your time frame that's why it's key to really understand how technical market structure is you know internal structure if you lick a pip above it
you know that's the break of structure so it's like you did that you did that 100 right like that's and then really you could look at like this like you know that was your original market structure break and this was your newly introduced supply to send you down to origin of wherever this was in this the demand wise product right there and then that was your flip zone and then this right here
was your zone or sorry this right here was your you know newly found demand and you could have used see that's how you know you could well or you theoretically you could draw this whole um
whatever again on the 15 seconds to be clear because i don't know how far this went um you know after it like i don't know if it came up hit broke structure came way back down then came you know what i mean like that doesn't matter especially when you're trying yeah it looks like you hit the fractal demand zone of that yeah the body the wick of that zone right there right here
it wicked through this inside bar which is where you would have thought but you know either way it probably would have gotten stopped out but i most likely it's a i wouldn't put my stops like lower exactly i would say i wouldn't always do that because like with forex you can get away with that kind of shit but not with crypto yeah there's a lot of volatility i had my my stops at 29 220 anyways which should be a strong low so that's where obviously a lot of money's protecting that low yeah when you have that lick rate it's like bro
always my opinion throw the stops down there and then it's like oh well if the ta because a lot of people be like oh my register award isn't good enough it's like well don't take it you know and that's the good way to you know even if you just had something like this i mean that's not um i'm sorry like this it's not terrible it's like almost i probably wouldn't have taken just that but remember you know you were using that 15 minute for your ta so it's like oh shit i forgot about bnb
That's okay. Yeah, I mean, I'm in a short right now. I just wanted you guys to get into the short, too. I know, I forgot. That's what I'm saying. I wanted to peep it. It's a 15.4 hour. I was trading off of the one-hour chart, to be fair. It broke structure to the downside on the one-hour chart. I was expecting that pullback to the upside, which it did hit the 50% of the fair value gap, and we're trading down now.
The little scout. I know the market's bullish, but the stock market's not supporting this bullish volume. And they kind of go hand in hand now. I don't even think, I mean, I think we're bullish on like the low timeframes, but I don't think anything's yet as bullish about crypto personally, except like our one and under.
Yeah, the stock boys are about to loan crypto miners. So that's why I came in here real quick and asked you Bitcoin for short. Right. I got the nastiest entry on NASDAQ. I literally got wicked in. I've never had such a nasty entry into NASDAQ ever, ever. Like I had absolutely zero drawdown.
Hell yeah. It was instantly in profits. Those are always the most fun. Bro, it jumped like 50 pips.
This is weird right here. I literally saw nothing and then $1,000 in the account. Thanks for the ad, Algo. ETH actually looks pretty clean. On the ETH, on the 15 minute, we had that market structure break. On the ETH. The urethrium. I've heard people say urethrium. I'm like, don't ever fucking say that again.
what are you talking about my people there was there was somebody in in crypto vibes forever they used to always say urethrium and i was like i'm gonna kill myself yo crypto my breakout go look at coinbase stock when you're done with this one coinbase is breaking out like heavy like heavy didn't they just uh just implement uh something it's like up four or five dollars like it's stocks don't pump like this yeah it's it's pumping
Yeah, that's interesting. Glacier's going to get paid, too. He long Tesla. Didn't he also long coin? Or not long coin. Didn't he buy shares of coin somewhere? I bought shares of coin. And I got 100 shares of Amazon. So here, man, I mean, I saw that we gapped up today.
Really, with Ethereum, you got that 15-minute structure break. That newly introduced demand pushed you back up in here. Then you broke that newly introduced demand. That would be your 15-minute flip. It happened extremely quickly, but you can look at it in one minute. Did you say that that was a liquidity rate to the downside? No, no. That was earlier. That was on Bitcoin. That was before this big run-up, if you're talking about what we were talking about. Yeah, because it kind of looks like everything in stocks.
we broke down and it just i don't know it sniffs some crack or something i don't i don't know it just like green candles yeah that's always sketchy to me okay you got that w right there going on yeah i mean this too like the m let's see i don't like that really you're right okay if we can break this down here um and maybe get a closure i would possibly look too short
Because when I look at a 15-minute, and now it's just a 15-minute, we've got that internal structure break right there. And you can't really see it here. It looks like there's just this huge candle after it. You might want to use that. But really, if you go to the one minute, you can see this wasn't a high. So we can see this is its own new range. There's that volume coming in. John, do you see this? Oh. What? Oh.
Which one? Top left? Oh damn, that is a snipe. And then look at this. He's going for it right here. So just watch this level right here. Is that? Oh yeah, that's you. Yeah, and then...
When you're done with that one, Casper, go look at GBPJPY. It looks like I'm going to be coming up to a short, too. Because I know you've been trading Forex, right? No, I've been paper trading it. Well, basically, I have an account that's literally worth $500 in it. So I was like, yeah, I guess I'm trading it. I'm looking to probably do that challenge here soon, though. Just because I want to start trading it. The only thing that's holding me back is I don't want to put my money into it because I like trading crypto.
If I don't have to put my money into it, except just a challenge, like the deposit or whatever, then that's a different story. Yeah. John, I think we could short it right here. GPPJBY. This isn't a bad setup here, to be quite honest.
Algo, is there a reason you use the 61 minute and the 241 minute instead of like... Yeah, it's full hours. So 61 is a full hour, and so is 241. I also use a 390 because it's a full trading session, full six and a half hours. Okay, that makes sense. I'm just fucking weird like that. People ask me all the time. It's something like... I know this guy, Casper knows him too. His name is Omni.
fucking omni he's special bro but his shit works but like I don't know how to explain it like it's I don't know it used to work really fucking well and using his algorithms I developed the notion of using these time frames the 61 77 90 241 390 it's just uh
Actual timeframe, like the market broken down into sessions, like quarter session, half a session, full session. Yeah, Ethereum might just want to dip here.
I'm not going to chase anything. I'm just watching this develop. I'm interested because we haven't really got like the 15 minutes still you theoretically bullish depending on how you drive. It's pretty wicky, but you know, you'd say this is probably your swing right here, I guess. I don't know. I mean, this is a lot of just noise, but you're in that four hour zone. It's not refined though. That's the main thing with me. You're just in like, and there's still an efficiency above, you know, but the 15 minutes looking like shit.
We've got that internal market structure break. You've got that flip zone like we talked about right there. This low because that was a newly introduced demand that brought you back to origin. Newly introduced supply. Bam. Cleared that. Inducement. Inducement got swept. So then after you come back into that flip zone, this is really the M15. I don't know why. I guess I clicked the wrong one.
Now, once you come to that M1 or M15, you watch the M1 to shift internal structure right there. First shift, what demand brought us back up to origin? This wick, what broke this? Right there. I would look at this personally.
They're both 1971. This is where I'd look, but you did come up and fill that gap. You're shorting that? I'm not going to short it. I'm just going to watch it and see how it develops. Because the thing is with me, I don't like where we're at.
on the four hour yet all the way enough. Like I like it. We're in the zone. You know, these are both up candles. But with the four hour, you know, I would like us to come up into this fractal demand personally. And also that would be in premium of the four hour swing range.
So that's the reasons I'm not really like just aping into it. But I do see that, you know, okay, if you draw the four-hour supply a little more liberally, then, you know, we come down and we get that. We're getting everything we would want to get, you know, had we refined our zone or for me, had I refined my zone. And you really haven't seen this London low get protected yet. You've built sell-side liquidity here.
Another thing, too, is the risk to reward. For me, yeah, there's liquidity at the lending low, but if this is a buy day, that's going to get protected. There's also that demand right there with liquidity above. There would be a sweep in order to push down there, so you could see a reversal there.
Another thing, too, we didn't really get a nice liquidity rate on Ethereum to the upside. So that's kind of where, for me, I'm like, hmm. But I still want to see how it reacts to this. Or if it reacts. Damn, you know what I just realized? What? Hold on, hold on. I'm checking chat logs right now. Yo, Glister been mad quiet.
Yeah. The homie probably studying up or something. Or maybe there's people at his house and he can't talk. Are you okay? Yeah. Maybe he didn't get COVID again. Glacier's been going hard. No, he didn't sound like that. He was talking earlier. He just sounded a little tired. I haven't seen him pop into the chat lately. He doesn't have the same energy as he usually does. But he's chilling.
So, Algon, GJ, you're looking at that job-based job, right? Abso-fucking-lutely. I'm looking at a fucking, what is it called? MMSM right here. It's basically what's going to happen. The thing is, I'm looking at that little imbalance above with that supply zone up there. Which one? The imbalance on a four-hour right at that area you got marked up, right above it.
This right here, this imbalance? Yeah. I would be looking at that, but this handy-dandy...
JL volume indicator doesn't show me heavy volume there like it does in this pivot point right here. The only other area I would like is up here. Another thing too with Bitcoin here is that we're getting that kind of like, you know, what you would, you know, price pushed above that old swing high that we established after the New York session opened, like the kind of New York high it pushed above it.
But on the one minute, I mean, I don't really see the kind of reversal. That's more of an ICT setup. And what you'd want to see is this structure, but you want to see more displacement with this. This is good structure, but you're most likely just getting a reaction off the four-hour supply zone. Exactly. It's just creating a pullback, not a reversal. Exactly. For instance, you'd want to see something like...
you don't want to see i can move up you can't see the liquidity you are the liquidity you like that that's a fact though it reminds you bro whatever you put up there because i had just some like my name but i was like i got my name here and then i was like i want to have something that actually reminds me to like think about that shit mang has a good one too i have a book on mindset quotes that is great but this right here is what you'd want to see like if you were like for instance you'd want to see a fair value gap like
displacement like that candle you would want to see the downside would want to be like a full-bodied candle you know you don't want to see any wick or like anything you don't want to see something like you know that with your candle wicks after and then your entry would be you know um something like in this zone right there but with what we're seeing down here if you notice we have similar structure
You know that doesn't have to necessarily be a break of swing structure This can be a break of internal structure and you know while you can say
you know, okay, well, we broke internal structure here with displacement. I mean, you're not wrong, but that's just not, for me, it's not really what I want to see. And, you know, that's just, but it's, whenever you're watching Price, and necessarily you have to, like, not always just ape into stuff. You can, you know, watch, like, say if you have an idea.
But you need to be clear on whatever triggers your opportunity, whatever that is for you, whether it's a double confirmation entry on the M15, then M1, whatever it is. But if you don't have everything, you still should observe price and study it and watch what happens. That way you just get a feel for it and watch it real time because back testing is great, but forward testing, in my opinion, is a little better. And it also kind of cultivates a patient mindset.
to where you realize you don't have to take every trade um you can just watch and just see how they play yeah i hit these google calls this morning i actually want to leave that up there that was not as bad like on the fly depiction of a fair value gap i'll probably get a picture of a candle remove the background um
But yes, Bitcoin, you don't get that. You would have wanted to see us come up above this old high pretty quickly, see this right here. And the price would have been, like your entry would have been in the fair value gap, swing high, or recent high, I guess this should be your stop loss. You can just target sell side below, but didn't really get that just yet for me. You also have this newly introduced demand. Oh yeah, link, bro, my bad. I completely forgot. I got you, bro.
It's tanking, bro, for me, man. So, came into that premium of your daily range. I mean, Lynx, looking pretty rough here. I won't idea. Sorry, it's daily.
you know, under this, you're bearish under, on the four hour, it's going to be your high right there. You came, you're really not all the way up, you know, into this zone yet. You could kind of refine this. But in all honesty, when I look to refine it, you know, the way I look at it is, you know, usually you could say, okay, well, I'm going to go for this top inside bar, but look, price broke structure after the inside bar and returned back into it. So to me, that's mitigated. This,
same thing happened here price broke structure came returned into it but this right here would be more of my poi probably within you know this wick you could go down and refine this to like a 15 minute and however you wanted to draw it i would probably keep it um if you really wanted to get crazy with it you could say like this last candle or this last little group of candles above this high i'm pretty sure that's where you're at
Not yet. Okay. So you could wait and like be a little more refined with it. Um, four hour. I think you're in that zone. If you just draw like this down here. Yeah, that's what it is. If you draw like the whole zone, um, or maybe this last candle, I guess you could look at it like that. And then you, if you, if you don't draw that refined on a 15 minute, you know, you're in that zone. Um, that would be not a flip zone. Sorry. That'd be just a regular.
I guess you'd say pivot supply or fractal supply, whatever. So here you got that first initial internal change of character.
New supply was introduced in this candle. You haven't really got it. I don't think this has just left the station yet, so I wouldn't really worry. I could be wrong, but I see inducement there. There's a lot of equal highs liquidity. So you could see maybe a little push down, clear some of the sell side out, and then return back up to the buy side, get into this first M15 POI, and then wait. That's what I would do because, I mean, at the end of the day, you're trading against the lower timeframe trend. Length looks like it's about to switch bearish here with this move once too.
But most of your trading, until we break down and close there, you're still bullish. You're making higher highs and higher lows. So you want to be patient and conservative with those entries. So I wouldn't, don't get that feeling like it's taken away without you. And if it does, that's totally fine. But I wouldn't touch this until up here. I actually will watch this. I haven't traded a blank in a long time. So I don't really know how it respects price action, but I'll set an alert and see what happens. What I would look to happen is price maybe clear out the sell side.
come back up you know you could either if you're an m15 trader you could trade that if you wanted personally you'd want to see or i would want to see on the one minute you know a change of character
and then taking out that newly introduced demand before I look for an entry. Or you could wait for this whole setup to happen again. You could wait for, you know, because if this is happening in the one minute, what I just said I was looking for on the 15 minute, this would be happening again, that internal structure break. Because that's all you're viewing. When you're looking at internal structure in the 15 minute, you're looking at swing structure in the one minute. So a lot of different ways to attack it, a lot of different entries. But just, you know, I highly encourage you guys that are, you know, new.
um to smart money concepts and market structure all that just you know it's totally fine to just watch trades i promise you there's going to be tons of trades
It's not like you have to rush into stuff. But I think there's so many good learning experiences, and this is actually a pretty good example. Because we can see, okay, this price, and once it comes up here, it's going to sweep those equal highs, fill a fair value gap, return to the real origin of this move. Then you could maybe look for that bearish confirmation, especially because you're not in a refined zone. You're just in this last little zone right here.
I said unify hilltop. Jesus Christ. Yeah, I don't know about that. Like, that pump's not probably going to survive. We'll see, though. This looks like TRX the other day. Yeah, I mean, I would wait for an internal break of structure because you still haven't even got that. You know, this shit could very well keep running. Actually, no, you did right here. Sorry. So you broke down there.
Looks like price is returning into that Supply that broke it you do have inefficiencies above though, so it's kind of You know weird another unified is not a huge market cap either a lot of sell side or buy side up here and these wicks you could see that get cleared But you know
You'd look for this new low to get taken out. And that would be like your M15 flip. The price action is kind of spotty here. It's similar to Ethereum's. But, you know, you got that break structure to the downside on your internal structure. Okay, so then what do we look for? That demand to push us back up to mitigate. And this can happen extremely fast. So, you know, here.
We could look for price to come up wherever the supply is within here. You could refine that. Maybe you do, maybe you don't. And then wait for this to be broken and then look for that pivot point on the one minute. That would be your ideal POI. But again, with Unify, I don't know how price action really is respected here. I'm sure it is, but with a lot of these coins, you don't want to go past the 15 minute, in my opinion. A lot of super shit coins.
You can definitely get good trades off that one for sure, but you're going to have to be patient because you might get stopped out. You got to just monitor it a lot more because the price action is weird and it might raid the liquidity and then give the same exact setup again. So, and also they're just volatile. So, you know, a lot of the stuff we're using is based off of trying to copy institutions in a way. And so you got to think like how many institutions are trading this or how many algorithms are being ran in this market.
You have to be mindful of all that when you're trading these, I guess, shake coins, as you'd say. Like the market maker would say, just remember that you're one person. Institutions have hundreds of people in different time zones playing against you. Yeah, that's a good way to look at it.
Yeah. Thank you, Joe. Huh? For what? Just say you're good. You're welcome. Don't question it, bro. Just go with it.
Also, EZ said, love your channel, Discord. Ask about a Discord. Yeah, it's Playbit. The link is actually, if you go to some of my other videos, the link or my bio is there. And you can use my code, which is just Casper, for a discount if you do decide to sign up. Sorry, I just not saw you said that. That was like a while ago. I kind of suck at watching the YouTube comments. Sometimes I'll try to be better at it. But StreamYard, which is what I use to stream, doesn't really give me a notification or anything.
Yeah, I can try Bitcoin dominance too. I'm just seeing that. Oh, wow. Wow. It's getting high. So let's just say, what is this? Last time this happened. I want to look at October 20th, 2021. Just look at total. That was on October 20th.
We're starting to get up into this area where we're seeming to end of the cycle. You have that last little alt run, like after a major pullback. That's a lot of times what happens when Bitcoin dominance drops. That's pretty interesting. The last time that this kind of mitigation happened, because if this is just curious, I'm trying to use the last candle before displacement. I kind of hit. I'm just curious. This is July 31st.
That was when Bitcoin was starting to run really hard, I remember. I don't even need to. It's usually right before a pullback, it looks like, though. A pretty big pullback in Bitcoin. What was ETH doing July 31st? That's when ETH was pushing. That could be a little sign of an alt push, in all honesty. But I still would want other confluence with that. But it's good to have that context. I'm actually glad you brought that up.
So that could signal for another little push of alts. I mean, you see that seasonality, which is using like kind of history to see when different context occurs, what kind of trade setups have formed. But there I just saw really two different ones. I saw like the second one was the beginning of a distribution cycle and the second was kind of what you're pushing. But both of them resulted in alts moving a little bit. So that's just something to keep in mind.
and you can also i mean i've never traded bitcoin dominance but i remember there was a time where i was charting it and using um like the 15 minute stuff you could actually catch some nice trades on it which is weird because it's not like you know there are markets or there are there is a market for it due to the orders being placed on futures because people can trade it there but other than that it's weird how it reacts to price action so i said ada so
Yes, actually, we were talking about this in chat last night. This is what I said was going to happen, was that we had this weak high here. This had to get cleared because on the four-hour, we're in a bearish market. This is bearish. So when we came up all the way up here, and then we made a new low, new high, but that low didn't get taken. So once that happens, that produces what we have.
Here, which is a weak high. So that weak high is going to get taken. If you start to see signs of a reversal, it may be swing structure, a 15 minute, a four hour change of care, whatever it is, you see signs of reversal here, then that high is going to get taken. It's like nine times out of 10. There's also a lot of liquidity there. You did hit up into the supply. It looks like I can fill that fair value gap. Let's see. Yeah, I mean, you got a nice, that was actually a pretty nice setup to short.
Pretty clean. So you broke down, came up, bam, had that, broke down. And then now, you know, you could aim to look for this up here, but it doesn't, you know, necessarily look like we're going to get that. It seems the kind of aggressive entry here would have been fun. Like you could have traded a 15 minute here and been golden, but yeah, I wouldn't chase that one. What's Bitcoin doing? Trying to get what we wanted earlier. Okay, I'm going to have to get rid of that. So fill in that one minute fair value gap up.
Not seeming to really hold though. I mean your internal low would be right here. You have rated the buy side. Coming into 10, 1030, this is where you use that rate into loan and close. And then you'll see a reversal a lot of times. That was what we were talking about earlier. We didn't really get that nice displacement. And that's why some of those setups, they don't really work well on crypto as much as they would like indices or Forex. Specifically indices they work really well on.
So really, what I'd be waiting on for Bitcoin is for this internal structure break. And then whatever newly introduced supply is there. That's where I'd aim to short from. Heath may have got away from us. We'll see, though. I'm going to watch this.
I think that we'll get a return up here, but I don't know if this trade setup, when I say she got away from us, I don't necessarily mean she's going to fall from here, but this exact setup, it may not be what you want to enter on later. Because by that point, a lot of structure could have shifted. There's no specific time for, oh, if we go this far without my limit being hit, I'm out. It's not really that, but it's just that if different structure develops that is adverse to your entry in that time being, it's not good to just set a limit.
and forget about it and come back later because you know say if price comes away down here and clears out all your targets you know then it switches care yeah it's going to blast through you so because you know the the the market's offering a sell-side liquidity now it's removed all of your targets removed all that buying buy-side liquidity or i'm sorry i just said that backwards sell-side liquidity forgive me
And for those, if I confuse any of you, sell side liquidity is area where there might be sell stops, lows. People that are longing their stop losses are going to be under it. People that are aiming to go short on breakouts, they're going to wait for the break and they're going to short. And then buy side liquidity is your highs or liquidity above you because that is where buy stops to cover shorts. People that are shorting their stop losses, they're technically buy stops.
So that's where those buy stops are going to be placed to remove them from their shorts. So you got to be always mindful of what liquidity is being offered and what liquidity is, you know, what's been rated recently. If you see a push to the upside, it gets rated, you know, oftentimes you're going for the lower part of that range. Depending, you know, if you get those signs like that, that raid can give you an idea and then your execution framework will give you an opportunity. But until you have both of those together, you can't really act.
And once you get that mindset really ingrained in your head, you won't care to miss trades and chase them because you're like, oh, I didn't have a trade because it didn't meet my criteria. So once you can think of it from that perspective, you'll be able to kind of calm yourself. Because I know a lot of people, when they're trading smart money starting out, they always think like they've messed up or they've missed their order buck or whatever. And they chase stuff and then those little losses.
are totally unnecessary so now we've came down tapped the sell side liquidity didn't clear it
Now it would be ideal as if we left that there. So I don't know if we will. I don't know if we won't. Probably won't. You're pretty close to it. But for instance, if you saw maybe there was some demand here that gets respected, like price reverses, then comes to your bet. Then the liquidity has not been removed from the market, and you can still target that. That actually gives you more of a target because there's more liquidity built up there because all these early longs.
If we do reverse there, there's going to be people that are going to buy, buy, buy, and they're going to put their stop loss right there. I don't think that's going to happen here necessarily. There's no reason to think that yet. I'm just trying to give you guys an example. Let me move this over here. I'll leave it there for later.
Again, the ideology behind this, I'm not going to take that, but I am going to watch it. Now, if we look at the four hour, I want to just start back our videos. You have been here the whole time. I know you've seen this, but we're in this supply zone. This is really a range on the low timeframes. It's three candles, but it's not refined. We can't really say that the selling, there's a bunch of sellers for sure where we're at because when we're looking to play these,
supply zones what we're really looking to do is play the notion that when price returns up here there's still going to be orders left within the order book because these algorithms that are spamming price causing these big moves creating those inefficiencies between supply and demand they're putting orders in like this right and not all of them are getting filled
So we're playing up the notion that, you know, not only did smart money enter here and there is a protected high now on the lower timeframes, if this is a correct POI and you get a reversal.
but that there are orders still left within the market and they're getting mitigated. So when we look at this four hour, we don't really have, I would almost want to look for the fractal supply up there, but we're still here. So we'll see how that goes. 15 minute is showing signs of a reversal. You got an internal market structure break. You got a supply that was introduced.
So that was our initial internal break. So new demand was introduced to push us back up to that supply. Supply overtook the demand again. So that's going to be a flip. So you'd call a flip because we had demand here and then price broke through it. So then you'd look here.
And you call this a flip zone. So it's going to be a stronger supply zone. You can think of it like that because it broke through demand. And it also is the second in a change of character. We had that first shift in structure and now a second. That kind of proves that this wasn't a lick grab. So then price returns. And we got the one minute at this point. Price kind of comes down, forms some equal highs, relatively equal. These get swept.
Like we were saying before, like oftentimes people that like, for instance, when this happened right here, people short of this, they're like, oh, I'm going to set my limit right here. And they came in, all that was produced was another week high because you didn't clear the low. So they got swept out, stopped out right here. But now prices came up, satisfied the supply. Then you have to look how the one minute reacts. Okay, well, we're just going to look for the same thing, that internal structure break. So, you know, here is your old internal.
Low, came up, pull back, made a high, made a new low. High, you clear that low. So then you look at this as your one minute change of character.
So price, what happens? Price pushes back up into your supply because of this newly introduced demand. So this could just be a liquidity grab because you came up, wicked pretty hard. So you could have taken the risk entry, entered there, stop loss for the swing high, or you could wait for that second break of that demand. And it's the same concept that we're using on that 15-minute. You have that second break, and then right here,
You know that would be where you'd look to enter or or whatever you draw as your supply You know you may be some people draw this whole range, you know, that's a little much for me
I wouldn't ideally want to have that big of a range. So you could refine it and say, okay, well, where was their clear displacement? Breaks the structure right after. I see this really would be your institutional candle. It would be the last candle before displacement. It's the same pretty much. Actually, it might be the exact same high and low. Here, what is it?
The high is a little bit higher, but the lows are the same. The lows are 19.05.71, so you can aim to play this if this is how you're going to play it.
Something like that if you want to be really crazy, if you're really confident in that zone. But with crypto, you get wicked out often playing like that. So I would probably choose that recent mitigation high. That's all up to you and your risk tolerance. So now we see we've cleared out that sell side liquidity. So now that's removed from the market. We're also coming to this fair value gap. I think it was in the 15 minute.
Yeah, there's a fair value gap here. And then you have demand down below and your London low. So if this is a buying day, and this is just a New York retracement, which you often will see, and then you might see a reversal. If you start to see signs of a bullish market structure forming upon this London demand, you could think of it like that. Because on a buy day, it's currencies, you want to see that London low protected. Another thing too,
Bitcoin, I can't remember if it already... Oh, yeah, no, no, it did kind of come down here. It came down and tested on demand that was above this London low, but there still could be, I was looking at this earlier, there still could be some liquidity under there within this candle because that's really your demand. Either way, now you've got that breakup structure on Bitcoin, 15-minute internal structure. So you could look at a return up here.
but you can get these intraday movements. Like for instance, even if we, you know, we're expecting a return up here, which we might or might not get, but you'd look for, you know, price to come down to this demand. Whenever the sell side liquidity is removed, then you look for the buy side to become offered. You just have to think of it like market's going to go wherever there's fuel, like wherever there are orders, it's going to go. So when it goes there and it absorbs all those orders, you know, if it absorbs enough orders, if there's enough buy, you know, if a smart money sweep cleaning up those orders, then it's going to,
push up, vice versa. But that's why you have to look at your areas of liquidity, like trendline liquidity. There's equal lows, equal highs. There's structural liquidity, which is just your regular lows and highs. And then you have your fair value gaps, which is your internal liquidity, along with your internal market structure. It came right down to that area we were talking about already.
11 a.m. You'd want this to happen usually a little closer to the lunchtime or the afternoon because we'll still get another hour of good volume most likely. I won't be on here too. Yeah, B&B was a... Yeah, that shit, right? Yeah, that shit definitely paid. It's still going. It's going down. Yeah, I wouldn't even be out of it. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, I got stopped out of NAS. It profits. It's delicious.
Nice. I'm looking at GBP, JPY to short it. I'm looking at 1 to 7 trades so far. I haven't charted this shit on the weekly or anything. I'm looking at long Euro USD soon-ish. Forex, that price action is so much cleaner. Yeah. I fucking missed four trades, bro. Four fucking trades with this. Bam, bam, bam.
so that's cd ameritrade so with stocks the strategy is it breaks
Like right here, I missed Facebook to the downside, Nvidia to the downside, Tesla to the downside, AMD to the downside, Apple to the downside. Like they all hit. I was just doing TA on GBP, JPY on my other thing. So I missed all these fucking shorts and I had them lined up right here. That's another reason why I don't like trading multiple markets and what kind of makes me not want to trade for it. That's the main thing other than just capital is that you're just like...
I feel like it's like, it's dope, but it's also like, you got to have like, like you would almost want to trade different sessions or something because it's like, you can't. Yeah. Like the GBP JPY wouldn't get into it until tomorrow, probably until I see a reaction because that's, that's on a four hour chart. It's already reacting right now, but obviously I want to see it. I mean, it looks bearish. But over here, it's a super simple strategy, you know?
breaks below this and you're under vwap you sell if it's above you view up and it goes above that you buy it you can see it right here this orange line as soon as it falls below vwap you get a big displacement to the downside that's true with stocks i don't know with any other assets but like i could have caught microsoft to the downside amd hit tp1 tb2 is going for tb3 right now nvidia tp1 going for tb2
uh facebook hit tp1 tp2 like there's literally if you would have if i would have been able to take all these trades there's like
ten fifteen thousand dollars oh yeah i mean they're all there is every day bro there's there's always a bunch of trades you could have taken like there's probably 20 trades we could have taken just in crypto because just like nvidia like nvidia and amd if i would have taken both of those i usually get around 10 contracts right i would have cost me for nvidia 1041 and they're chilling at 234 contract so that's 100 you just made a thousand dollars on that
yeah and the same thing 1500 is chilling the high was three dollars so you're up two grand on that and this is literally these are five minute candles so that would have been break right five ten fifteen minutes on amd you're up two grand over here nvidia break five ten you're up a thousand
it's crazy apple's paying right now fomo oh bro every day it's okay though we've learned to not have fomo all these breaks and structure what have you learned you break structure you're always gonna have a pullback not immediately yeah exactly there's gonna be a pullback to come because these these are displacements and there's so much liquidity left at the upside yeah
On GBPay, I'm just going to call it GJ. I always fuck it up. I don't know why. Yeah, GJ. I get confused. I'm like, GJ. On GJ Weekly, you know, you've got a – the way I see this is, you know, you've got your break of structure on the weekly, obviously. So, you know, you're pretty high on your weekly range. You seemingly have formed this weekly week low. That would be a major target if you do reverse here now on the daily.
I don't necessarily see a sign of reversal just yet on the daily. I would almost want more. Like I would want up here. But I mean, yeah, it's like 166 to 167, that area. Maybe I should have, I'm going to draw this wick up to that zone. The weekly high is like 168. So like then I see this liquidity here. I've got swept. Now on the daily, I mean, you still look pretty, you know, your internal structure is bullish. So I would.
be pretty i'd wait like the four hour okay you sweat this liquidity liquidity but you really just gotta break the structure for our pullback yeah that's what i wanted to trade because it hasn't really pulled back if you look at the daily it's all green candles yeah exactly so the four hour right here you got that break of structure i mean depending on how you draw um
Yeah, that was my break of structure right there. I mean, you could honestly draw it like this too. So for instance, here is your break of structure. So then this was your high. So then that would be the break of structure. So you could expect a pullback. And it's like, where are you going to expect it? I was just doing 50%. I was doing a 160, 180, the pullback. I think it's a 50% if you pull the range fib.
Yeah, we're on the daily we're
That's actually on the daily. I mean, really, this is a, no, yeah, no, no. On the daily, the 50%, we're in premium, cleared liquidity. But like ideal entry for me would be like the, like this 166, really 167. That would be the zone. Up there, that's the 886. If I, if I interrupt there, I'm taking this shit to break that strong. Yeah, literally. But here, you know, also you could, you know, the only thing is for me, like the four hours bullish.
You know, 15 minutes still bullish. I could see this zone being a reversal, but I just, you know, four hour just seems like rally base rally. If I was trying to catch the full four hour pullback, I would potentially wait until I get like 15 minutes swing structure bearish. Like I'd want like the four hour change of character, like an internal structure, which right now would I'd want you to clear, I'd want you to clear 163.913.
If you cleared that, then you could look for whatever supply sent you down in the four hour, wait till returns, watch for 15 minute change of character there, and just sort of just layer it. But if, you know, you could target, and then at that point, you know, target like all these, just this structural low, this structural low right here. So ETH just swept that London low. See how she reacts here. Didn't really respect this demand. Cleared these lows. Maybe there was something over here.
I'm not really seeing it. That's something, anything that I would really care for, but you did just remove that liquidity. So now that London lows got taken now, okay, well, you know, it's not necessarily like, Oh, just on a buy day, I wouldn't want that taken, but that is going from like teachings that are based on Forex, but I don't like that. I don't like that. We just blast the demand. Yeah. It seems like a liquidity grade. We might get a reversal, but, um,
You know at this point I would just watch price as it comes up to this level up in this region see how you react but I'm looking at the four-hour I'm gonna do this on a different sharks. I don't believe my ta Four-hour On a four-hour you really didn't get that internal structure break till there it's Perhaps it's different or no. No. I'm sorry. That's what it was. I was drawing the wrong wick
There we go, he did get it right there. I was like, what? That usually doesn't happen. So then there's that. Go back up. This is really your flip. I wouldn't really pay the M15 much more mine than the M1. So really in this area, you can look at this. It's like that's your first internal market structure break. We went over it, so I won't go over it again as much as I... I like this setup, but I just don't like how far we've moved away from it enough to just set those limits and forget about them.
But oftentimes you will see a price or a coin go down and it like, we'll clear out that, you know, local liquidity and then run all the way back up. And a lot of people close that are in shorts from up here, they'll close too early or, you know, they get stopped at break even too early, but really price was just coming up to mitigate a, um, old, you know, supply that, that had to happen. What's up Glacier? That's how you run here.
What's up, bro? How you doing? How you doing? Just straight in the spot right now. Your Warriors won last night, I see. Hell, fucking yeah. We creamed those guys. I see you over there on the cut. Rolling doobies up. Dog, I just saved some fucking puppies from under his head. What? Oh, push-up pop. But I thought they were gone.
Them shits were under there for three weeks, dawg. I just fucking dug under their Mario Bros, them bitches. Oh, shit. Hopefully they're okay. Yeah, they seem healthy as fuck. You know how we do. Now I gotta get them to some loving homes for a slight fee. What kind of dogs on it?
Chihuahuas. They're high-grade dapple chihuahuas. Okay. From the Himalayas. They're Himalayan chihuahuas. Oh, man. They look like push-up pops also. I'll try to throw some picks up here in a second. ETH price action is so weird. There's all these wicks.
Oh, did you guys see that article I posted yesterday that there was four mass shootings over the weekend? Bro, there's been like 20 in the last two weeks. There was one here in Phoenix down the street from where I live. I'm like, what the fuck? A 14-year-old girl got shot and killed. In like school or what? No, I was at a shopping mall. That's fucking awful. And then there was one in Texas. There was one in Pennsylvania.
Like, it all happened on Saturday. Like, these motherfuckers planned it, and they're like, all right, we're going to hit at the same time. That shit's fucking awful. Fucking horrible. Oh. Yeah. 15-minute structure, too, is seeming to shift bears. It's almost kind of looking like that other night, other days, if you can PA, where you had this, like, huge liquidity rate up, and you still got that closure above. Or this one, actually, you didn't.
I thought you did. Maybe it was Ethereum you did. One of them you got a closure above the wick, but you had that lick raid, and then that's when the price action really started to shift. So I'm not really rushing anything here. Let it develop. Cleared that London low, so you're probably going to see a little bit of a push to the upside now. There was a ton of liquidity there. It just got swept. Push AVAX, too. It was setting up something nice earlier.
Sleepy today. Oh, wow. Oh, never mind. This is not a setup I was thinking of. This still looks good, though, as well. I'd like this to get cleared, but let's look at this. There's the break. Still really haven't gotten pushed back up into this area. I mean, I guess you could say that this may have been that, but this looks like low time frame distribution. Price pulled up, swept liquid, and then you started seeing those signs of weakness.
Oops. You could really watch both of these areas. I'd rather have the farther one up, though. Let me go back to this four-hour POI as well and refine it a little bit. This would be like the ideal zone to hit. Maybe it was this flip zone down here. That could have been able to, too, because a lot of selling came in there. A lot of liquidity got swept.
Don't know so when you really dissect it and then bear with me because this is going like super and that's Like okay when you look at this zone Right here, so when I see this action up here like so here's your low Come up you pull back you form a new high right here, so
Then we have this low and an immediate another high. Looking back in hindsight, you can't really tell what's happening when you're really trying to dissect it because, for instance, if this happened and then this high happened first, that...
this would be a bearish change of character. Like if we came down here and you made a, this low made a new high, you got that bullish change of character there, and then you swept down and that would be a change of character. So if you're watching this, you know, at real time, you saw this candle from a low, new high, and then you saw the low get taken. So you understood that was a shift in structure. But if you look at the one minute, that's exactly what happened. Price came up first, then it took the low.
So then if that's the case, okay, well then this whole zone right here, that zone would be, you know, your initial supply zone. So price came down right here, took the low, then for that new demand, push back into this supply. Supply was respected. Then if you draw this, this was your ideal flip zone.
This is really kind of dissecting and look what happened you had induced from there price came into it and Then you even got a second entry that that was like your 15-minute flip zone. We just refined it So then price came up into that zone. What did we get? Here was your internal structure break. So okay newly introduced supply Bam tagged
And then you get that inducement for people who put stops to break even too fast, or I don't know why you would have put them anywhere else. You could even use the internal high and it didn't get tagged, which is right there. It almost got tagged, but it didn't. So that high was protected. Then we saw the same thing again over here. But really, you know, you could have entered off of this zone. That would have been your one-minute confirmation entry using internal structure. And you had quickly getting swept twice. God, that was a nice setup.
Oh, bullshit. That was actually really clean. That's just how simple. Like, I was sitting there looking, and I had this done marked up. So I'm like, wait. What if that low got taken there? What if that was actually a change of character? And you don't see it. But that's why it's important to understand what you're looking for. You're looking for that internal structure, which is just your, you know, if this candle makes a new high after it, that's a low. For instance, here is a low.
right here new high new high okay pullback this candle doesn't make a new low so it's not a high this one does new high and so forth you can continue to do that but if you look here we had that pullback right and you know new high then right here is where it's easy to get tripped up because which happened first did this high get taken or not
And I'm sorry for those of you who understand it, I know I'm reiterating it, but I know a lot of you probably don't. So, you know, new high comes down. Now you say, which one was the high or low here? Which happened first? Because if this happened and then the low got cleared first, that wouldn't be the same scenario.
Because then you would have had the high get cleared again. Now you're bullish again. But you didn't. You had that low get cleared after the high was taken. So that was your change of character. Then you can dissect and find that flip zone. And then from there, that's how you could have really got the sniper entry. But at this point, I would still watch this POI right here. But it may not return to it. Who knows? Got that nice little push after that London low was cleared. And that could be a liquidity rate as well.
You could have maybe caught some scalps here. I don't know. I wouldn't have taken anything probably. Theoretically, you had that little ICT set up right here. Broke that internal market structure. Came up, formed a fair value gap. Maybe could have traded that, but your TPs would not be that extended. You probably see some consolidation to the lunch hour, New York lunch. Let's get a little Bitcoin doing.
i'd like a return up into this area that would be ideal and you could watch that one minute confirmation and i would short from there if we could get one minute double confirmation really wasn't much of a setup during the kill zone either from seven to nine it was really boring there i don't like to solo at all today these lines from i saw the query definitely got removed
Using the institutional candle theory, if you're using that right there, it hasn't gotten mitigated. I think I drew this actually from a 15-minute, but really this whole four-hour candle. I think a lot of it, I mean, this took off quick.
Yeah, I'd be waiting on a return up to here on a lot of these. I don't like this. When you have that kind of fast move away, for instance, here, if we came down and clicked here, that'd have been nice if we came out and mitigated. When you have those fast moves down or fast moves up, they leave those structural liquidity that almost always gets swept with a return back into the area that's not been satisfied yet. They just remove a lot of sell sides.
Yeah, I'll just chill right now and just see how this unfolds. Main setups I'm watching now are Bitcoin, AVAX, and Ethereum. There was a dude that was delivering dominoes in his Porsche, and people were like, uh-oh, recession is here. Jesus.
Also, when you're using this internal structure, it's kind of weird. You can see a lot of times this is really the ideal area. But if you see these quick moves back up, like maybe if it moves into this candle and reverses, you can see a lot of opportunities off that as well. I don't like taking those, to be honest. They do hit sometimes, but I don't like... I'd rather just take...
a trade for my original poi if i if i have like this one's pretty clear to me there's displacement after it the last candle before the big down move it's an inside bar that that's the kind of stuff i like to play
But you can see as the intraday price action pings around, what does it have? It's just going for different areas of liquidity. So what happens? Oh, it has to go here, sweep some highs, gave some little quick short entries. What do we have to do next? We had to remove sell side, clear out the early long. So price came down. Bam, think of it like this. It's just fueling up. Price came here, fueled up to go down, came down here.
Sorry, didn't anchor right. Came down here. It had filled up enough fuel or orders to go long. Came up. Where did it go? Came up and targeted the south side.
You have to keep the high timeframes in mind. This is just an example. But we came up in a high under this POI that we had already established. Then what? Then price does that double liquidity grab, like we come up into it, push back up, double sweep. Then you start to see those signs of a reversal. That's how you start to build your narrative of what's going on. You may have taken shorts up there depending on whatever your trigger is.
Where do we refine this to? Or was it refined? No, it's not. It's just this whole zone, but it's came back up in this area. So if this is going to be, we're going to cement these as we close in the four hour, you want to see the M15 start to ship or bearish here, which we're just beginning to do so.
But on that note, I'm going to hop off here, guys. We've been running for like an hour and 45. I know it's not as long as usual, but I'm going to let these setups develop to kind of touch back on what I'm looking for. I want Bitcoin to return up here, see signs of a one-minute reversal. You could target these lows for intraday trades or wait for a double 15-minute confirmation. And then you could start targeting those weak four-hour lows because until then, you can't.
go crazy with your targets. If you're short right now, you can't really target anything down here because you're still on a bull trend on 15 minute and everything else until you really get that double confirmation. But AVAX, same thing. I just want all these prices to move back up to these zones.
One minute confirmation, you might get some scalps there. Once you remove that sell side, price will come up. That's what we're looking for at least. You got to wait and see what happens. And that's why I really like using the low timeframes as you enter these POIs. But anyways, as always, I appreciate you guys. If you have any questions, just at me in chat. I don't know if you guys will be in stock chat later. I might hop in. I'm not sure. But if not, I'll holler at you guys tomorrow. Peace.
