what's up what's up let me go ahead and get this posted up well i'll give everybody a second to get in here i just alerted the discord but um god damn it i was gonna signal a gold sell to you guys but it's already moving a little bit and it's i'm not my overall bias with gold okay is that we're gonna go much lower right i i think that
This is a very conservative target, but we are trading pre-CPI and gold moves super fucked up with that. So I'm not looking to like degen, you know what I mean? And hold, I could see another push up. Like I could see this beginning distribution schematic and I could easily see a reversal under this area to come up and maybe even dig up into these highs.
That would be the gold thing to do. So I was going to signal this, but it's a little too late as far as risk to reward. It's far under what it was. The only thing about having to copy and paste and type everything out while I'm streaming. Oh, well. So I'll go over and jump into indices.
Because they haven't really given. I think the entry, the true entry was right here for this morning, the one that I would have wanted to take, but it didn't really give the price action I wanted. I kind of didn't. If I would have seen it earlier, this to me, this isn't really as much of a fair value gap as I want to see. We are under old lows now. We have a lot of liquidity. Say what? Do you got information point? What is it? Oh, you don't.
So the data on trading is fucking up right now, bro. Dude, it's so fucked, bro. So it's not just mine. We got an error that's come up. It says some users may face slow loading of the charts and drawings. We're on the fix. And all of them just got exclamation points across them. Yeah, my shit's... It hasn't done that, but it's been like eliminating my drawings. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, see, I mean, honestly... CPI.
Yeah, they're just straight fucking everybody, huh? They're just like, get fucked, guys. Have fun trading. Man, crypto took a fucking nosedive. I honestly thought it was going to catch some bids in this area. But, I mean, it's following the daily bias. I'll do the recap tomorrow. But it's what we were leaning towards. It was more down movement before the DOL.
Indices as well. That was really what we needed was a little bit just more price action or time to tell us what price action wanted to do. I still see all this getting cleared, but I see that probably happening. That wouldn't surprise me to see that happen with CPI. Got these gold shorts. We're going to have a good CPI, bro. The market's going to rail for two months. Fuck. Perfect setup for rug pull. Right. Literally.
Yeah, I mean, the setup I saw the most value in is US 30. But even then, usually I could see a nice little rally to the upside. But we cleared out this low, which was also yesterday's New York low down here. We took a lot of lows out into an imbalance and saw a nice move away from it. But I'm looking at 15-minute. I mean, really, the next target would be...
This area right here this imbalance and these highs for me or this how we just made this morning would be another Target because the way I look at it, it's kind of fickle here like yes We had a 15-minute imbalance here, but that got clean so we cleaned out this low So that would lead me to look you know tell price to look above this high
So, the risk to reward, though, where it's at, it's just not there for me because, you know, this would be a main target. So, I'll take 2R. I have been entertaining a lot lower risk to reward, you know, than I usually take. But this, to me, is not something I'm going to, you know, expose myself to. But I could see that unfolding.
Dude, I had a short on ETH. I opened up last night. It was just a super wide stop, but I closed it this morning. I probably should have held it. XMR is a setup I got my eyes on now, too. It fucking smacked off. I was in bed last night looking at charts on my phone, and XMR straight annihilated the lows when we tapped into this daily imbalance.
So nice liquidity right here. Massive imbalance. I just marked a four-hour POI. It's inside the imbalance as well.
Really, I'll watch price anywhere. It depends how far it moves down. If it moves much farther down, I'll still just start looking for imbalances on like a one hour. But this setup I like for shorts. Because if you look at the daily, this shit has so much room to fall. Like all this trendline liquidity building up. It's just like a stairway. You know, this shit's going to topple. And I mean, even like, you know, like say if we push back up into here, you know, the...
just the main daily target, you could almost trade the damn four hour and get good risk to reward. It's like a 10% drop to the draw on the daily. I'm not really going to force anything today. My experience with CPI days, well, the day before CPIs, they're usually really fickle and you'll get kind of frustrating price action or it'll just be choppy. That's when you'll see your edge fail a lot of the time, especially if you're playing liquidity.
So I'm not going to really rush into anything. What's DXY doing? It's just consolidating. Straight up chilling on that fair value gap. Yeah, I don't think today will be too exciting. We might see some moves, but in my opinion, it's not going to be the kind of moves that I would personally want to play. What's up, Adeliki? You wanted to review...
Um, I'm not sure what that was a five minutes. If you give me like a rundown on what you want to review, cause I saw that each chart, but, um, I'm not sure exactly what you were getting at. And then also for your question, you asked me, um, why, why do liquidity grabs happen? It's basically, yeah, like you said, you know, market makers don't necessarily have enough liquidity to sell to or buy from. So they create it.
So like, for instance, if they have a lot of orders left in an imbalance, they're going to usually create support in front of that imbalance. So whenever price pushes into it, those orders can be filled because there was enough liquidity. So that's why you see LickRades into imbalances a lot of the times because they have orders left behind in these imbalances because they push price up and price expanded so fast that their orders weren't filled.
So they want to push price back down into those areas, but they need enough liquidity for those orders to be filled. So the way they do that is they'll create, you know, a low right in front of the imbalance and then push price under the low or vice versa. You know, if it's high under the imbalance, whatever it is, it's all the same formula. I'll see dollar chart took a second to load.
what the hell oh never mind it's over here yeah it's pushing up i want to see it come up into our limit that would be amazing i really want this to hit before cpi preferably um if it's gonna hit you know i'd rather be active and in this trade not while that's uh you know about to come out it's an alert for this forgot to do that
And this is exactly why I didn't really want to mess with indices, because like the impulse move wasn't really all that crazy. So whenever you have the move of the morning, the liquidity rate that you're trying to play the rebound of, you're only really looking for a move back into a premium for at least some of your immediate target points. And then looking at the 15 minute, like we said earlier, your main liquidity objective would be this high. So it's like, you know, I mean, even if you caught.
I mean, if you caught the absolute bottom here, you know, maybe it would have been feasible because that would be something like this. So say you played, I mean, if you caught the absolute bottom, which, you know, obviously no one, someone probably did, but that would have been feasible to catch, you know, to move all the way up there. But for me, I hadn't really got what I needed at that point. I didn't like how price reacted this fair value gap. It really kind of just disregarded it. But now it's just hanging out around equilibrium.
You have the equal highs above the fair value gap. That's the only thing that was kind of discouraging me, but I'm just following the confirmation method that I use. One thing that I did look at was you see how this all got ran by this high. So once price came above these highs, it went into an imbalance and then moved pretty violently away from it, giving that shift in market structure. So that was what gave me more confidence in this level because
yeah they are equal like visually but when you really look at them um all this got ran here and then that got ran here so like this would be um
Theoretically, like a three drive, if you will, it'd probably look a little different than what you're used to seeing because it was kind of on the same going to the downside. It was rating liquidity on both sides. But yeah, I definitely took notice of those. But at the end of the day, I just use the confirmation method that I always have used with supply and demand. And it was the, we've got a four hour change of character over here, whichever you use this low or this low. Then I refine that POI to a one hour.
because it's the last candle before any real displacement. As price reached up into that, we rated a lot of liquidity over here, all these highs. And then, yes, we have engineered some highs right here in front of that zone, but price reached up in where I wanted it to go, which was this buy to sell range. And then we saw that five minute confirmation over here.
But I do see what you're saying because I can also see price come all the way up into this candle as well. So I would have my eyes on that. But yeah, so that's kind of what I'm watching for on Aussie dollar. I caught a little morning trade on this. It was nice. I took too much profits early, but it was a nice little liquidity rate. It came under this London low right here. Barely pipped it.
One minute got a break of structure with displacement right there. And I didn't really, there was no entry off this because it got it here, but there was no fair value gap. So I waited until over here, we got that closure immediately. I just marketed it because it came right back down into it and then just targeted the equal highs. But I trimmed way too early. It took a bunch of problems, right? Or not problems, a bunch of profits, right? That was a problem I had with that trade. I was kind of like, wow, you idiot. But, you know, it is what it is.
Really, it could have taken and held it even longer, but I really like the way Aussie dollar moves. Yeah, Sol, I'll look at Sol. So, let me just delete everything. Overall, this is interesting. You're probably right around...
Yeah, you're right around that daily EQ, so prices kind of being fickle, and it's hard to really get a clear draw on liquidity, in my opinion. Once we came down into this and moved away from it, I would have said to look for this high, but none of these highs are really that clean. Maybe kind of like this trend line right here would be some liquidity, but really, unless this day turns around real hard and goes bullish, I would look for a flush down into this imbalance.
So I know you said you're in a long loop. Now, you know, you might, like I said, this day could turn around. So I'm just trying to go from the daily and get an idea, you know, from that of what I could see price doing and then frame the lower timeframe bias around that. So that's the daily. You know, the buy side liquidity really for me and this local little range we have is going to be right there. So.
This is kind of the range you plan up to know daily on the four hour.
See, the four-hour structure, just going off of swing structure, I would almost look for all this to get cleared. And the reason for that is that when we're looking at our overall market structure, this is a pretty complex four-hour range. I would look at it as all of this. Because for me, the swing structure, it came up, came down, and then we had this range, came up, took that high.
But now, you know, this entire range is your swing structure. So, you know, after we got the break of structure, we're looking for that retracement. And then once price comes back down into a discount, we see a nice reaction here right off this little sell to buy range and the imbalance fill. But the only problem with it.
is price comes all the way back up here and then fails to take the high. I would say this is definitely a complex pullback at this point. So more or less what you'd be looking at would be the scenario that these are weak lows. And I know you're probably like, hurry up. I'm in longs right now. This is how I got to do it. So overall scenario, I would look at it like...
Got a lot of weak lows here. You got right there and right there. Those are going to be liquidity targets. And that goes along with that daily bias. Really, this would be the first one. So I try to take stepping stones. So overall bias would be sales, in my opinion. But you might see rebounds. So if I'm looking at this.
Off a fair value gap limit, I'm guessing you're talking about this. If you want to drop a comment and correct me if it's wrong, but I'm guessing that's what you're talking about right there. And if that's the case, I mean, I could definitely see this retracing up this a little bit for sure. I mean, it's already kind of shown that desire to. Not really any clear displacement in my opinion.
I haven't really traded so like that on the low time frames. A lower, okay. So what time frame are you on? Maybe like a five minute fair value gap or something? One hour. Wait, where am I at? I'm not sure. Oh, this, well. Wait, okay. So you said your longs with limits at a fair value gap. Are you saying like your long limits were at a four value gap? Or not four, at a fair value gap? I'm a little confused.
Just let me know. Overall, though, I mean, came down to this demand candle. Okay, okay. I mean, you got equal lows there now, relatively equal lows. You did come to this demand candle. I mean, I wouldn't look for much more of a move than equilibrium here. I'd say price somewhere in this 40.50 range right there. That's where I would look for a potential selling scenario.
But at the end of the day,
with with all i just wait man like i just wait till they're down towards those daily drawn liquidities because they're fickle intraday but i mean you did remove a lot of sell side here you took out this low but it's not really showing displacement under this low so i don't really think smart money is buying this dip i think price is kind of just gravitating back up to these orders just where there's liquidity but overall you know yeah supply and demand trader might look at that like a long but i would look at it more like
potentially just wait to sell it if anything you can wait till price comes up into this zone up here into a premium and then if you get some price action like why does it not click if you get some price action like this with displacement you can look for that fair value gap to you know frame a sell around you're going to sell off the fair value gap and then target because then you've got a very clean liquidity target
That's the only thing I would even entertain here. But even then, I'd probably just chill on it. Can you look at XLM? XLM, yeah, for sure. A lot of these old blue chip cryptos are some of the best looking coins. I haven't looked at XLM, but I know Glacier got you guys a bag in this. I would look for a little retracement here, though. I will say that. So see how you came up above this high?
And you didn't close above it on the, fuck, I need to make it work and see on the daily. So see where you came above that and you didn't close and you also went into this imbalance. This is exactly what we were just going over, like liquidity rates into an imbalance. So there, that would be a selling opportunity. You know what I mean? Coming back down into this region here.
If anything, I like this order block right there. So I would look for price to gravitate down to that. Drawing liquidity would be really one of these imbalances, but I like how this order block sits right between them. So that's where my attention would be. I wish I would have signaled these gold fucking cells for you guys. They're going crazy. I tried, but it was too late.
But yeah, I like this order block right here. Overall, this looks good though. Like this looks really good in my opinion. Let's look at the weekly. Yeah, I mean weekly, man. It's kind of fickle. I think the daily is kind of just playing out. You've also got a weekly order block right here that hasn't been traded into. Right there. See that big down candle? So, you know, market makers entered sales here to induce retail to sell to them.
And you've also could, this would be a stretch, but you could look at this like a breaker because it really did. I mean, it took a lot of stops. So, I mean, I guess by, that'd be a weird one. I wouldn't pay as much mind to it. But the point being that this area is a value zone and it looks good. Like I like this. I mean, the weekly, you know, if you start to, you know, that daily draw on liquidity gets satisfied and then price starts to move to the upside.
you know i would be looking for i mean up in this area i know that sounds a little crazy but um and a lot of these blue chip cryptos i wouldn't even consider excellent blue chip but it's been around right like anybody who's traded crypto for a long time like this shit's been around for a minute and um like look at look at this this just caught my eye look how he reacted to that order block right off of it or very close to the body of it um
So a lot of these blue chip coins, it seems like they're getting accumulated. Also, this might be like a harmonic on the weekly, which I haven't really been playing them, but on high time frames, I still pay attention to them. It could be a shark or something. Yeah, it's a shark, if I'm not mistaken. I can't remember how high they can go actually here. It's been a while since I traded harmonics. Let me just, I'm going to look it up. I thought it was, I know that the D point is 1.13, and I think this is 1.618.
It's the BC League. I guess the XA Extension, I should say. Where is it? Yeah, this is actually... This shit looks fucking fire, bro. You got that weekly... I wonder if that's what Glacier had seen. Let me tag him. That shit looks fucking amazing. I got like a 1-1-4 entry on it. Say what? I guess just given the chart, it'd be like a long hold.
Say what was that? I got like a 114 entry on it, but like just given the chart, would you expect just to hold it for a minute? It seems like if we're looking for like weekly imbalances, it might take some time. I mean, yeah, it definitely could take some time. I was looking at a message, but, you know, it could definitely take some time for the weekly imbalance. Like, I mean, what I would look for is to see how we react here. Now, if you get a bullish reaction here.
Oh, that's going to be a big bull. Because literally, if you start to reverse here and the daily shows displacement, we get an impulsive move here, right?
And we don't like just rush down to like, let's just say price kind of compresses into it. Doesn't really leave any displacements. Then you don't have any, you don't have any liquidity targets except this high. So, I mean, off rip, let's just say you close the day here and then you kind of mosey on down. You don't really leave a huge imbalance. Off rip, you've got 20%. I mean, and that's on a daily chart. You know, you can obviously refine that and build your, holy shit, gold is printing.
Hold on one second. Sorry. I just need to look at this. Gold booth is crazy, dude. And that sucks. I was going to signal that for you guys. You can see at the beginning of the video, too, if you rewatch this, I was literally plotting this out and I just started dumping.
My target for gold is 17.52. Yeah, no, for sure, overall. But I'm just not, I'm not really, I think I have like, the daily imbalance I have was 17.40, but then this, is this low what you're talking about right here, these kind of lows right here? I like that too. Because I had that sell side, all these equal lows in the four hour. Yeah, 17.52. Yeah, I charted it with Jerry the other day, like three months ago. Yeah. Two months ago. And that's been hitting all the levels.
He trades it, like, pretty intensely. Yeah, that's all he trades, right? Yeah. What the fuck happened to the market? I literally scratched my eye, and it just rubble. Yeah, I'm not big on trading, like, before these kind of days with, yeah. Like, gold, though, is moving fire. Took some off.
um back to excellent my bad i just looked at my meta trader and i was like whoa um yeah but with xlm like literally if you if you start to react bullish off of that level i mean like that shit is dude like it makes me want to load up the coinbase and i haven't even been doing that except like i did that light coin but this shit looks good i mean i but definitely look for some downside first i'm actually gonna set an alert for this because
I know that Glacier has you guys in it, but I'm going to probably end up getting in as well. I mean, this is moving very nicely. So like, this is a market and this is what I was going over a little bit yesterday. And I saw someone on Twitter, they were trading like EU and they were saying something like EU has been, like they put something like, yeah, today, basically they're like blaming it on the market or something. And I was just like, well, you know, what it really comes down to is you just have to find markets.
that our institutions are actively participating in, which means you have clear direction and clear manipulation, like this right here. On the daily chart, we rated liquidity, candle-shelped off of equal highs, right into an imbalance. That tells me someone's involved in this. Now, I don't really give a shit what they're involved in it to do on the long term, because everybody's like...
They just want to catch along and just ride that shit to Valhalla, which that shit's cool. But I just I'm more about figuring out my bias from that. And once you have a market where there are clear, clear, large participants, you can evaluate things a lot easier, in my opinion. If you're looking at it from.
you know a liquidity standpoint so here you know we can tell somebody's there's somebody at play i don't know if it's blackrock who it doesn't matter right but um you know look and then look at this right over here like look how this is clockwork clockwork that's gonna
I have a check for the high timeframes. I just don't really, you don't get a lot of clean. I mean, this is like moving extremely fucking clean. Whoever said to look this up, fucking thank you, because I'm going to start paying a little bit more attention here. Let me just look at that. Just deviate. It's deviating from one side of the range. It goes all the way to the next, into the imbalance. Now you're probably going to come back around equilibrium to this entire move, which look, it's an equilibrium there. Daily order bog.
Right. So usually when stuff happens like that, it's I don't look at it as much of a coincidence, if you will. I look at that more like an algorithm, a footprint of it. And at the end of the day, you know, we are we we definitely are just trying to track, you know, our our target. Think of it like, you know.
You're out in the woods. This is actually an ICT quote, but he's like, you know, you're basically looking for a footprint, like you're a deer hunter, and you're looking for its print. And that's what this is. That's whenever you can tell there's involvement. There is no question that a bigger force is at play. So this zone right here is high value to me. I'm actually going to add this to my watch list.
And I can't even really trade this on my Forex broker, but I want to watch it for you guys. And also maybe even equity. Because I will say one thing. It seems like to me that literally everybody and their fucking brother wants a goddamn market crash. And I'm not saying the markets won't crash, but it's almost getting too bearish for me. And I'm not...
You guys know me. I'm not one to sit here and try to call the next stock market crash and this and that.
I think we'll go lower at some point, but I do think we could see a little bit more bullish price action, especially depending on how these numbers come out tomorrow. After the last FOMC and all the bullshit about whether it's bullshit or not, whether there's no recession, whatever, at the end of the day, I don't care about any of that. I just care what price is telling me and how I react to stuff.
Yeah, I took most of that gold. I'm actually going to leave the rest with stops at breakeven in case it just fucking free falls.
My entry is a little different. I got in a little before this up there. Either one's good. One thing I've been doing too, Algo, do you ever stagger your positions on MT4? Yeah, that's called grid trading. What's it called? Grid trading. That's how I enter all my positions. I see a lot of people do it on socials. I'm not sure if I'm doing it exactly the same or not. Basically, what I'm doing is...
okay like 15 minute confirmation i enter some for certain coins or well i call everything coins you can tell i fucking started in crypto for certain instruments um i'll be like on stream and i'm like watching hero i'm like yeah this is good coin it's like be like what the fuck is this guy saying my mind's just crypto brained but uh um
Free trading. Yeah, my bad. The center has just blown me up. You're good. I've got like five things. Thank you. But literally, I'd like to stagger some. I'll do like on the initial liquidity raid, on like a one minute, like the initial first, if I'm playing raids, I'll put in like 0.3% risk, right? Because that'll be like the absolute snipe. And this is if I'm framing it around a higher timeframe. It'll be that, you know, I'll like up here.
If I was watching, which I wasn't, you know, get because you're kind of jumping the gun. You know what I mean? And then.
you know, from there, wait for the five minute confirmation. And when price returns up into that five minute zone, then risk another 0.3%, right? And then once you try to get the 15, I've kind of been entertaining that because I like the idea of it because it gets you in a little earlier, but you're not, you know, degenning. So, because there's a lot of times where I'll have trades where they're just like,
They just fucking completely leave without me. And it wasn't that I wasn't watching it. Like the other day with Bitcoin, that shit made me sad, bro. But, you know, literally because we we literally called this zone like to the T and then price.
It gave us the liquidity raid. Low time frame, equal highs got taken. This is clear. If you wanted to teach someone redistribution, I'm not even a Wyckoff guy. You could use this for a fucking infographic. Actually, I'll probably have Flo or somebody make that because that would be good for them. They're good at Wyckoff. Right here, I looked at this. This is where I look back. I'm like, okay, that's where I fucked up. Look, I picked this as my break.
But I've found that if you use closures, a lot of times better. So if I would use the closure, it would have been this fair. I would have looked at this one because like, that's the fair value gap that broke. You know, that was where the last little bit of supply was injected. But I looked at like, okay, you know, I was too technical. And I'm like, okay, here's a fair value gap. And I watched it hit this. I was like, oh, it's just a little reaction. It's going to bounce off one of these. Then it was just full throttle to the TP. I would have taken all here because it would have been for.
this short amount of time like let's just say you know enter basically off that you know it only been it wouldn't even have been 3r but i'm like this kind of shit i like i enjoy that because it's like bam you know what i'm saying like there's no stress like you can have a fucking five minute work day yep you can have five minute work day and not get wrecked on the options
Maybe easy breezy. Yeah, options are just too many moving parts for me. Maybe like leaps. I would do them like selling premium and shit like that. That's the way I would want to do options.
Bro, I'd just like to add to that, though. Like you said, if you have multiple positions, like points of interest, you know what I'm saying? You grab some at the first one if they're relatively close, obviously, you know? That's how you could scale in. That way, if the first POI hits, you have some exposure, at least. Yeah. It takes off how Bitcoin did you. The way that we do it is, like, so in any given position, we have multiple POIs.
If you're trying to get like a sniper position or something, you know, you go with the first one, like let's say you're putting in $100, right? I was explaining this to Tin Man. I was like, yo, if you're putting in $100 into a play, pick three different POIs, split that $100 evenly, go in 25, then 50, then 25. Or you're going to have a lower average, same stop loss, you're risking the same amount of money. But, you know, what if it didn't go down to the $50 one?
or the last $25 one, you at least caught the first move with $25, you know, you're still in with a quarter of your port. So it's going to work out, you know, your quarter, your position, you're not, you're going to make a quarter of profits, you know, kind of sucks, but it is what it is. That works. So that's just, we call it grid trading where people have multiple POIs and then you try to get in on, you know, different sections.
yeah and that's honestly that's like the way to do it like especially if you're on a funded bro because here's the thing like i've talked to quite a few people that have been fun like i was talking to this one guy he's been funded
for like two years but he's increased like how many he has like five different accounts and the way he does everything like he used to trade like you know a lot of like 10r like 8r and he literally just all he does now is he finds the entry and he just does a fixed 2r and he only risks 0.5 but he swears up and fucking down that that's how he makes the most money and i was like really like i mean i guess i could see it though to be honest i really could see it because
He's like, usually I'm going to trade for less than 15, 20 minutes. But he hits a lot of trades, though, is the thing. He'll hit like five trades every day. But his win rate, he showed me. I don't know about all his other things, but I was on a call with him. And on his MFF, his win rate was like 70-something percent. I was like, God damn. But it's just liquidity rate, just ICT shit.
I was like, yeah, there's different ways of trading it. Yeah. Like for instance, gold. Yeah. You don't want to do that with gold because like.
gold moves like i've seen people that they're like i got this down perfect entries in the fucking five second chart and then they get licked because you know that's just it is what it is that's not how you trade that asset you know you can wipe off it all you want you can you could do all the smart money that one is the head of the most manipulated
and incorporate that with grid trading and you'll end up doing something good that way you don't because gold is notorious
It's happened to Jerry, it's happened to Flo, it's happened to JL. And I keep telling them, yeah, you should be careful with this shit. I've been training it for like seven years. That shit moves crazy.
the secret solution to that is the whole grid training because you know you're just either you catch it or you don't catch the loss exactly and i'm not gonna lie i like it it's the only one that i like doing
Yeah, it's key. Like if I'm trading NQ in different sessions, you know how NQ doesn't really respect supply and demand. Yeah, that's a little straight liquidity, bro. You know? So if you look, you'll see that that only happens during New York session where it doesn't respect supply and demand.
But if you trade that shit like pre-London and Asia, you can use supply and demand. And that bitch hits, you know. It's just I found it kind of funny that it does that. I swear, if you trade New York, like just any equity market, like the hours, like New York equity open, anything like that, bro, it's straight liquidity. Like supply and demand, it's like if it does work, it's not even – there was a liquidity rate. And I'm honestly –
I'm getting to the point now where I really won't play a supply or demand zone unless there's going to be a raid to get to it. And that was a huge turning point for me as far as, like, for one, my screen time, and for two, my win rate. Like, the risk-reward, it went down sometimes because, you know...
I might not catch, like, the average was toward, I might not catch every single, you know, because you get the high R moves off of, like, the supply and demand zones. And it's what a lot of the Forex, you know, gurus, like, meant, and a lot of people, they're selling it as, like, a dream. And people eat that shit up, bro. But, like, here's the thing about it. Like, it's really cool, and it looks cool. And you can hit them sometimes. Like, dude, you know, I'm not saying you don't hit.
higher trades off supply and demand but they're not as like frequent or as just simple as a lot of people sell that dream to be and and when it is when they do hit i've noticed like back testing especially especially like bitcoin there's always a liquidity rate there's always that rate you know i'm saying so it's like
if you're just a supply and demand trader what people write it off of you know they get a higher risk reward but their win rate's really low and which that's fine like there's nothing wrong with that but like you got to really like trust your edge if your win rate's that low because then you know and you got to be active on the charts a lot because let's say like you have like a 25 win rate with an average 8r well on paper you're gonna make bread but like
are you taking every single trade? You know what I mean? Like you really got to take every single one and be ready to execute at every fucking move in order to keep that, you know, maintain your edge. Because when you have that low of a win rate, you miss one trade, you know, you, you like, you're not paying attention or you, you know, your psych's fucked up and you, you know, you psych yourself out of taking the trade and you take that one trade and you miss it. That was your winning trade. Now you take another four losses, you know what I mean? Three losses. And then it's like,
you know if you're trading with a large amount of money it's just not a way to do it in my opinion i don't like that you know i mean because yeah it's like but that's what everybody like it sounds really good you know but um like i think it's funny i was like i was telling somebody this because a lot of people in in playbait like like meant like to teach i'm like but that dude's like he's a good businessman but like he's not
He's literally just selling dreams, bro. That shit is not how you trade. But he's pushing a funded... He's pushing people to trade on a prop firm, but he's also pushing people... He just wants your $7,500. Yeah, literally. I was talking about this way in a long way. We were talking about it, what, three days ago? I was like, bro, I don't get why people are going with different firms. In my opinion, FTMO started 2016. They're the ones that paid out.
the most amount of money out of any prop firms they're the og so i don't get going to a different person especially somebody offering a million dollar account
to do this yeah no i like mff i will say that i like it out of the two it's for me it's mff and ftmo and the only thing i like more about mff is for one you can get more bread for two you don't have restrictions and like if you trade crypto ftmo like if you're trading low time frames that shit well it's kind of a bitch because you can only i think you can only leverage like 10 bitcoin or even less now with uh
Especially the swing account. I think the swing account, you have like no leverage. But if you don't trade crypto, you know, it's whatever. But like you said, the biggest benefit with FTMO is they're like the blue chip. Like they're not going bankrupt most likely. And they're not going to fuck you out of some profits. You know, MFF, you run that risk a little heavier because like you said, they're not like they're not the big dog. You know what I mean? So they're going to be a little riskier. But I feel like FTMO is the most. They're also.
they're the most successful and the most long-term one, but they're also the most predatory. Well, they're all predatory as fuck, but theirs is like, oh, you traded during news? One thing I will say, though, I did notice, because I only did the trials in FTMO. I never did there. I went that route, but I will say that the news isn't that bad.
they don't really lock shit for as much stuff as I thought they would. You know, it's not every high, cause I thought it was going to be like almost every high impact event. And I was like, you know, I've traded, I've traded the, the high impact. I've traded a PMI CCI. I traded all that shit on my FDMO account. And I have a regular, like, I don't even know what my accounts classified as because they didn't have a different type of account when I opened mine. Cause I opened my FDMO in 2020. Right. So.
They just had, you know, I think it was like 20K, 50K, 100K. And, you know, they ran a special on the 100K account. And, yeah, it just they just said don't trade during like super. I guess what they were trying to protect people against is COVID, you know, February 2022 or 2020. And the stock market pulled back 50 percent. So I hope.
We don't want that to happen. But other than that, I mean, I've swung and taken profits through PMI and shit. I've never gotten in trouble. Oh, you can swing there. I think it's that if you open or close during it, that's the only one. I don't know how hard they are on it. I've closed during it. I've never opened during it. I've swung into it and closed at it. That's how you know. Because it's kind of predictable.
If they say, like, okay, I would understand if they said, because they're like, we're just making a more responsible trader. Okay, that would make sense for not being able to open during news. But when they're like, you can't close, I'm like, all right. You just are trying to get fucked, bro. You're right. You're just trying to get me fucked. But no, I mean, if you're trading currencies, it is what it is, you know? Yeah.
And the thing is, too, one thing that I've started to explore with currencies that I've been doing lately is like the reason I'm watching Aussie dollar is because there's so much fucking news for it recently. And like I like to like that was when we traded USDCAD like that one day. That was another reason why I was watching USDCAD. So like watching out for the calendar and looking for high impact events like.
I know I sound like a certified degen when I'm saying this, so don't misunderstand me like people on YouTube and shit, but like trading the high impact news events, if, if you know what you're doing and, and you know, you're patient enough to wait for a clear liquidity rate. I mean, it's like clockwork, you know, cause that's, that's what the video I have on YouTube. It's like all about trading high impact news events. And that's what we see with indices all the time.
But with currency, that shit goes crazy. Like, I remember, like, euro, yen. Here, I'll actually pull it up.
the interest rates whenever they doubled fucking europe's interest rates right here it was this day i remember like this shit literally it rated this high right into this area right here and just dumped i didn't even get to trade it but um i literally watched it and it came up to this zone and i wanted to trade up this zone and then i went on the road like i was driving i watched it just ran above this i was like ah fuck
fucking, you know, ran the high, whatever. I'm not going to worry about it. And then I, like, came back, like, a day later. I was like, what the fuck? Because I literally was targeting all these lows. And it went there in, like, a couple days. I was like, wow. Yeah. I was thinking of opening a second account just to trade gold. A 10k account just to trade gold. That'd be awesome. Just one account for gold. Just monitor the fuck out of everything. Yeah, just the degen account because it's only 100 bucks for the account. Right.
I'd be opening a full lot to fuck the world. Well, I'm going to hop off here. I'm not probably going to really force anything. I've still got the Aussie dollar limit set. I've got my eyes on gold still, but at this point, I think today's move is Carter already played out. Tomorrow is going to give us more clear direction after we get all this news. That's really the only thing. If this doesn't get hit...
then yeah, I don't, it really reacted nice off this fair value gap too. Could have just been this whole buy to sell range and miss it. We'll see. But if, if this doesn't get hit before New York session today, or I'm sorry, no, no, Asia session, like tonight, like if it doesn't get hit this evening, I'll probably close. I'm not going to hold this. And depending on how far I move away from, if we're really far from it, I'll hold it through the,
the, um, the news, but I'll, I'll alert if I cancel them. So anyways, I appreciate you guys. You guys know how to get through to me. If you have any questions and we'll hop on here tomorrow for the midway or midweek recap and go over, you know, how our biases we went over on Monday are playing out. So until then, don't get liquidated. I'll see you guys later.
