Like I see, I think the short was more this morning, but, but all this right here is, yeah, that's what I was looking at too. It's 25. Oh man. Yeah. Supply and demand just, well, strictly supply and demand traders getting fucked today. It's funny. Like which one, um, exactly what was it?
Yeah. Like it's NFP week too and the monthly close. So everything's pretty weird. It's weird to have the, whenever Fridays land on a week like this, I noticed like back testing causes a lot of super weird price action or consolidation just because a lot of money's being moved around and being, you know, institutions and larger investors are preparing for the carnage that's going to happen on Monday or not on Monday, I'm sorry, on Friday.
So it's weird. We literally have just our weekly open is literally like our equilibrium at this point. Like it's probably close to it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean.
It's honestly at this point where we're at, usually you want to see if the week's going to remain to be bearish or not just going to consolidate. For instance, you want to see us like after we have, if we get a high like this put in during London on...
So during the lending kill zone like that, on a Tuesday or Wednesday, ideally, you want that to be the high or the low of the week. It's like a 70% chance that the low or the high of the week is put in during lending kill zone on Tuesday. But in this scenario, we moved violently away from it, giving breaks of structure, showing that, well, a shift in market structure, showing that the market did want to go lower, but Bitcoin is...
Honestly, it's super, I don't know the word for it. I guess manipulatory. Everything's just, I think all traders are getting, yeah, all traders are getting just completely manipulated. And honestly, whenever we have weeks like this, where it just hangs around like this, there's definitely opportunities to be had, but trying to swing things through the week are just not the move. It's kind of get in and get out. Like the fact that.
well i mean if you got in any entry unless the other than the one you got and even then it's like it's came back to break even you know what i'm saying like the prop you would have already taken or i would have already been out of it like on the london at the high up here and then re-entered yeah that's what i'm saying so it'd be multiple trades it wouldn't be just something you'd hold through the the week
But like you can catch mood. But yeah, just like as far as swinging something through the week, like because, you know, ideally we want to catch something, you know, if we're looking to swing something, we want to catch something around the week and hold it for the expansion. But, you know, this weekly candle is not really done much so far.
You know, I will say the monthly, one thing I was looking at on indices, let me turn this off. Why is it the fuck? Before this indicator has been doing that lately. Let me go. I don't know why. I need to change the settings for all these to go off the monthly.
So, you know, it's interesting because depending on how we close, I mean, regardless of how we're going to close bearish, but the monthly has formed a swing low here. I mean, given it is right at equal lows, but it almost makes me, you know, leads me to believe that the monthly would be reaching up for something higher. The only thing I see, which I, you know, I would think it's a little stretch to say that, but as these highs up here with that.
I'm not going to sit here and say that that's any kind of target of yet, but it's something that got my interest just because the way this monthly structure is. It would tell me that we're reaching up for something higher, but that could have just been this weekly premium of the impulse move on indices in the fair value gap above those highs that we've talked about a long time before it happened.
You know, at this point, the weekly to me looks like it's drawing to the downside on indices. It's much more clear and cleaner than on Bitcoin. For instance, you know, in the early week, we have this three drive into our daily price delivery array, which is a fair value gap. Let me just draw a line out so you know where that is.
We see we barely came into that fair value gap above these equal highs. And we had that accumulation manipulation distribution early in the week. So, you know, ideally, if prices to stay bearish here, which in indices, in my opinion, it looks like pretty rough. As of now, I would want to see I wouldn't want to see price go back above this weekly open if we're going to indeed have a bearish close to the week.
which I think we're leaning towards that way. So much cleaner price action in my opinion on indices this week. This is where the attention really should have been more so than crypto because crypto this week is just, it's there, but it's not as clean in my opinion.
But with that being said, the way we're just hanging around this weekly open, it's pretty indecisive. You know, we're kind of at a decisional point. Like you were just saying, JL, we've got all these highs right here. That's kind of what I was watching. And, you know, ideally, you want to see the high or the low of the week put in between Tuesday's London to Wednesday's New York Open, which we didn't put a low in.
the New York Open there wasn't you know so that being said
It's just kind of choppy. From what I can tell, usually whenever you see price action like this on indices, at least because I was backtesting this theory on indices more so than Bitcoin. And you'll see if this happens, you'll see extended consolidation. But something tells me with NFP on Friday that might not be the case. We'll see, though. Kind of use this as a case study for crypto because we're preserving a lot of liquidity down here.
So this could be a potential area for institutions to pair their orders. If they are looking to go short, there's going to be a lot of sellers under there. So that's who they could cover their shorts to. But it's interesting, honestly. I mean, this reaction is clean. Everything was clean up until this price action really here. This is what kind of gives me somewhat of a...
indication that price might want to go higher and sweep out all these highs. What's up? What's up, Timmy? But yeah, I mean, this would be make or break it theoretically for shorts, in my opinion. I mean, I don't really trade a bunch of supply and demand, but look at it. Like we came above this high, a lower timeframe, early shorts got liquidated once.
Not really much of a displacement with this break of structure. You're kind of just moseyed on into it, which tells me it's just kind of accumulating here and then would look to go higher. So crypto is kind of just, you know, it's the the daily. If we close like this, it tells me we want to go higher up into this this here. But it's just kind of conflicting with that weekly power of three. So I mean, again, a lot of these.
Practices and theories are a little bit choppier with crypto. But still, usually we're expected to a T on at least like the daily time frame. But I've noticed the weekly, like the power of three with Bitcoin isn't as, I guess, direct sometimes. But if we do push up higher, I could see, you know, definitely looking at a reversal up inside this area up here.
I probably won't be trading too much the rest of the week just because it's NFP week. And I think it's a good habit to set rules. And I'm trying to really dial in my entire trading plan now that I got the funded account and really just focus on, you know, what are my best days? Also aligning with kind of the weekly power of three. I mean, if we're expecting, you know, Monday to just be engineering liquidity and be our manipulation.
or i'm sorry our accumulation of orders and then into tuesday or wednesday being our manipulation um and then kind of expand through the week we would i would look at it in the sense that monday would be kind of a good day to just watch you know definitely document but then tuesday wednesday thursday um on non-high impact news weeks like non-farm payroll or fomc that those would be the ideal days to trade that's
kind of the setup that I have noticed. I wanted to go over this power of three with you guys on gold. This was really clean. I didn't take a trade on it, but I did want to still share the case study.
The overall bias, like we've been talking about, we talked about Monday was down for gold. It was pretty clear. Price is reaching down. We've got a ton of liquidity under these lows. I cleaned up my charts recently, but tons of liquidity under all of this. Actually, I'll move this up to these lows. A lot of sell stops resting on there. Now, given they have been protected for over a year,
So I would not even be surprised to see price reflect again. But at this point, I mean, they got to get taken at some point. So again, the bias for the weekly we talked about was bearish on gold. The bias for the daily was bearish.
And when we look at a bearish narrative, if we are trying to trade intraday, the objective would be to get in at the high of the day, which would be the WIC and ride through the daily expansion. So one way to do that, and it works much cleaner with, in my opinion, with other assets that crypto is to identify kind of the ICT Asian range.
Judas swing and the London expansion and then you can catch an OT entry during the New York retracement or you can you know you can catch the retracement itself so
What we want to look for is price action between 7 p.m. Eastern time and midnight. So, yes, the Asian range is going to be considered 7 p.m. or 9 p.m. by some. Some people go by Tokyo. Some people go by Sydney. But around that time up until the early hours of the morning, which overlaps with London. But the way that it's taught as far as power three goes is looking at.
the Asian range between 7 p.m. and midnight. And seeing the form of liquidity that gets engineered, you usually just have a pretty slow consolidation. There's some expansion here, but you can see that as soon as that midnight hits, we start to see potential manipulation. And if the overall objective, remember, if we're trying to get into a, let's just say,
We're trying to get into a candle. And we're going to try to get the optimal entry. We want to get in up in this area. So when we're seeing that push to the upside, that wick that you're viewing, that is this right here. Ignore the ugly arrow. I can do better. I can do better than that.
Maybe not. But that is going to be this right here, that manipulation. So what's happening here is a false narrative is being pushed for the early London session to manipulate traders to want to go long or stop out traders who are short during the Asian range. And this is why I don't really like trading much during the Asian range. Crypto is a little different. You can get some good trades on crypto and then, of course, Asian pairs.
So overall, major commodities or major forex pairs involving the dollar, you're going to see this manipulation. And most of the time, one of these sides is going to get stopped out. So if you enter most anywhere in this range, your stops are going to be above these conveniently placed equal highs, or at least most retail stops are. Maybe you got a different model, whatever.
For the sake of explanation here, we're looking at it from the context of if institutions want to push the day down, if the overall goal is to drive the daily candle down, which is operating in the framework of the weekly bias to the downside, then you can look at this price move up above this Asian range as manipulation. So it would be accumulation, manipulation, and then distribution.
And this is not Wyckoff. It's ICT. I didn't make this up. I'm just trying to explain it. But we have that push above.
these highs. Now, oftentimes it's into a higher timeframe POI, not always. In this scenario, you can see there wasn't anything there. If you go to the four hour and we looked, there was a fair value gap that we barely tapped into. Now, oftentimes this is going to happen. You can notice that it's not like we went into equilibrium, nothing like that, but it did tap into that fair value gap. This was the line from it, barely. So you can use that.
to complement your analysis whenever you're trying to determine if this is what's occurring or not. But really all you need is your daily draw and liquidity operating in context of the week. So if we're trying to understand and catch the entire daily candle, right? If you're trying to catch the entire daily candle, it's going to be during London, right? Now there's other entries during Killzone.
And of course, you want to go with your bias. Now, what you can also do is when you get to your desk, if you're trading New York time like me, you can watch the reaction off of the London expansion. This is often going to be a liquidity rate. I don't think that most people would have caught it theoretically, but there was a low that got rated during all this, all the way over here. Just so we know where that is. You see a low is rated from the higher timeframe, and then you see the reaction from that low being rated.
You would draw a fib if I can draw a fib to that high I just extend it out because it's a little easier to see
So you would see a push up off of that liquidity rate. So that is going to give you your framework if you want to try to catch the retrace of the upside. Now, as far as trying to use the lower timeframes, you know, if you have a certain entry model, you can try to use it in here to see if there was. I wouldn't recommend using choach or anything like that with this because you're going to get burnt most of the time, at least once or twice, which is just pointless to me.
If you see here, you could have waited for just kind of this, sorry, this is kind of cluttery with all this. Hide it for a second. Once you come down into this zone, you can just watch for that displacement and break its structure. And this is the better entry model in my opinion. Now, it is a change of character, but it's not what most people would use, a change of character. You need to require that displacement, right, to show that price is pushing off of this with volume.
So price pushes up. We leave that fair value gap, demand candle, whatever you want to interpret it as. You could have gotten an entry there, stops under this low. But to be honest, you could honestly just use a 15 minute, in my opinion. Just use OTE. So you could have gotten an entry there. Use a 705. Yeah, it wouldn't have been the absolute sniper entry. But remember, our targets are going to be pretty extended.
You can just use a 705, would've got you in right here. Let's stop us under this low. Now you're gonna be on very close to getting stopped out, but you're gonna look for any area of liquidity or any point of interest, price delivery, whatever, in a optimal trade entry, or if you wanna be a little bit more conservative in a premium. So you could have just taken at that first little buy to sell supply range. You could have taken it, which is pretty much this fair value gap fill.
Or you could have just taken the liquidity at the 79%, which would have been a little bit OD in my opinion, but could have done it. I mean, there's a little fair value gap above it. But then on the other hand, once you get a price pushing up into your area of interest from the FIB, if you draw a FIB from the... Oops, wrong one. If you draw a FIB from the...
due to swing, which is the high of the day at that point after midnight, down to the bottom of that London expansion where the lick rate started, really the point where price moved dynamically away from. If you draw that, then you'll be able to find areas of interest in this optimal trade entry, or again, you can just set limits at the optimal trade entry if that's what you wanted to do.
Now, stop loss would be a little higher in my opinion. That's what I would have used. And then you can target the lows that are made down here. Or again, just any price delivery rate. It's really up to you. You can see sometimes the risk to reward is better than others. You could have also tried to use your low timeframe entry model here.
If the risk reward isn't good enough. But I did want to share that with you guys. I'll probably make an infographic trying to explain this a little bit more in detail. But it was something that I've been working on a little bit later in my free time. Trying to really get this model down. Because I think that it holds a lot of value if you can use it correctly. And now you can use this. This is the daily.
we can also try to use this on the weekly or well for the weekly i don't know i went to the weekly chart by the way you would do that is to take the weekly open now some people do it differently than others you could do the midnight open at or you can just do the market open so this one right here so we have this weekly open
Again, remember before we took the... Let's go down here again. We'll just take a line. We'll draw it at midnight open. You see how price moved rapidly above after the midnight open. And then we see that and push the downside. So if we're looking at it from... That was the daily. We can try to utilize the same...
um theory on the whole weekly candle you can see that price moved down pretty rapidly at the open but then went right back above it where did it go into a higher time frame price delivery right i think it was the yeah this went into a four hour fair value gap and then you see that you can use maybe use your lower time frames to try to catch a uh
Entry off of that or just use that bias as you will After you come up with these old highs into that imbalance But the point of the weekly candle if you want, you know, you can try to catch a swing entry From this or you can just use it to help with the context you operate in throughout intraday price movement so You can see how if you know
If the week is to be bearish, you ideally want the high or the low of the week to be put in between, again, Tuesdays, London's open to Wednesdays, New York open. So we're looking at this overall for the weekly, you know, because everything can still, you know, we're still developing. If we look at it from that context, right? Remember before the weekly, the bias was we were drawing to the downside.
Right overall weekly bias Looks like to me it's drawing of the downside now whenever you see price
forming potential lows here. If the narrative is to stay bullish, you want to see price move really volatile away from whatever low you make in the session, or you can assume that this was indeed your high. Now, sometimes the high does form during New York's Monday, like this, if this is the high, but oftentimes we'll want to see it form from, again, that Tuesday, London to Wednesday, New York.
You know, we could see it. I mean, it's already taken out this low. Yeah, it doesn't really look like it wants to form this here. But, you know, it's still just Wednesday. NFP week is going to cause things to be a little weird. But this is pretty interesting. So I wanted to share with you guys. If you guys have any coins you want me to watch, I just saw the, hold on.
Somebody said, is there any book available on Smart Money Concepts? I'm actually working on an e-book right now. You had a leaky ask away. And Carl said, do we think we'll take the lows on ETH? That's pretty much everything I wanted to share as far as any kind of education stuff. But I do want to go to the, we'll kind of recap indices and the euro dollar. Let me look at ETH. I'm kind of cutting down the pairs I watch. Now that I'm trading this funded, I don't want to be.
all over the place i want to really focus on certain pairs um let me look at eth a lot of drawings um let me see so the lows i mean assuming you're talking about this maybe i think it's not a one hour i found that but um i'm just gonna try trash this whole chart too many drawings so um you know the weekly i'm just gonna go ahead and do all this ta on the eth again
I haven't done that sooner. ETH's actually moving cleaner than Bitcoin in my opinion. You've got this daily imbalance fill right there. So price is probably drawing up into this region. I mean, it's pretty obvious, not probably. And then after that, I mean, if you're talking about the lows, I'm guessing you're talking about this down here. I would say the sell side liquidity rests under this low, the local liquidity.
And then, of course, you've got all these equal lows. Now, the thing here with all crypto is we have this massive imbalance up here. We talked about it a little bit on Monday. We've moved ETH. It seems to be a little bit cleaner. And we're talking about, I would say the impulse move really started from here.
So ETH has moved pretty clean. It went into a premium of the impulse move. More I look at ETH. Bitcoin did not. But when we look at, you know.
It didn't go to a premium of the fair value gap. But when we're looking at price action here, I would say, you know, bulls should be careful around this 1652 because the overall order flow seems to be bearish on the higher timeframes. One thing I don't like is I want us to form more liquidity like this and then push down. I mean, theoretically, we kind of already have with this move right there. But I'm curious, actually.
I'm going to do Monday's midnight open. It's not the weekly candle. I'm just curious. I want to mess Monday's open because I know that weekly open is going to be a little bit different area. I guess that line doesn't come up on any other time frame. I always mess up my visibility settings for my presets.
I haven't even looked at ETH. I mean, it's interesting. ETH made this higher high while Bitcoin failed to do so, which usually that would give you a SMT divergence scenario, which would lead to bearish narrative for crypto. So that's something to keep in mind whenever ETH makes a higher high and then Bitcoin does not, especially with the overall conditions we have.
And it was up into the sphere value gap in the daily. I mean, we've came into a premium of this move. And then some, you know, it's interesting because structure would lead me to look at it like, okay, well, you know, price, we came down here, formed this order block.
Traded into it expanded took out the highs came back down into the order block and now we seem to want to be expanding again Which would lead me to take out all these highs. That's just a basic structure viewpoint I mean nice reaction so far to this zone You know, I would probably lean more towards the bearish side on Ethereum I might be wrong, but we'll see I'll use supply and demand, but I'm just kind of drawing that just to show you guys what I'm seeing
The only thing is that I don't like is the... Well, actually, I mean, there was some displacement here. That would have just been like a one-minute entry. You could have got in on this fair value gap. I wish ETH spreads weren't at on the MFF or I would trade it. It honestly trades a lot cleaner than Bitcoin sometimes. Yeah, I would lean more towards the bearish side here on Ethereum. It already kind of did what we were just talking about. We wanted Bitcoin to do. JL is take out the highs.
Also, let me see the questions. From my analysis, have I found out why the price touches an order block, fair value gap, and rapidly bounces back without any confirmation? I mean, it just happens, man. Sometimes there's enough of an inefficiency of supply and demand there where price just expands.
Just kind of they leave you behind sometimes and really that's the the kind of the con to using Lower timeframe confirmation because you know, there's pros and cons to every kind of strategy whether it's you know, your pros to a low timeframe confirmation can be a higher risk or reward and more confidence in the zone while the cons, you know You're gonna get stop-hunted more often by using low timeframe structure for your levels And sometimes you're gonna get left behind so you kind of just got to pick
you know, what you like and what you don't like. Also, when looking at your chart, you notice a break of structure, then price came back to mitigate the order block, but it looked like it doesn't have enough orders to continue the bullish order flow. What do you think is wrong? It seems to happen on a lower, I'm guessing you're saying timeframe. When you're talking about this, notice a break of structure, then price came back up to mitigate the order block. I guess you're talking about this down here, like we mitigated,
That and then came up to this zone right here. I'm not sure I'm guessing that's what you're talking about. That order book we talked about. This is actually an hourly now. We don't see those reactions in four hour. I'm not sure what you mean. Yeah, that. Oh, this down here. I think it's delayed to my streaming client. I know you're probably frustrated because you're trying to tell me something. But I mean...
Theoretically, if you're looking at it from, you know, just a sense of one hour structure, I would look at it like your swing structure right here would be bullish. That would be this.
And you came back down to a discount into this demand candle and pushed up. Now you're seeing a reaction here. So, you know, it'd be kind of counterintuitive to short if you're using, you know, one hour time frame is your higher time frame or the four hour internal structures bullish. But, you know, you've got to remember you're coming up into that premium of the four hour range. You know, again, I'm not really.
I haven't really been big on using supply and demand recently, but we don't really have, I would say if I'm looking at this chart, I'm going to say the supply's in this wick, somewhere in there, most likely, in this candle probably.
So we could still see a push up in there. I mean, overall, I would be leaning bearish, but you have a chance to come up and this would be the highest value. High probability short area would be up above the highs in this one hour POI. You could even refine it if you went up here. So I'd clean out all the liquidity, fill the daily imbalance. I'll actually send an alert for that just to see. That could be a potential.
Overall for indices, SPY took the low, NOS did not. SPY came all the way back down to this daily imbalance. The order block here, I mean, Jesus Christ, if bulls have any hope, it's going to be here, but something tells me that we're going to go lower. I'm just going to look for this weekly order block down here.
But overall, I mean, I think the narrative is still bearish. You know, on a higher timeframe, we can move this over to, I think, this low. There's some relatively equal lows there. I'd still leave that there. It's also now another problem that we're running into. Let me move this. I know it's on NAS. I moved it up already. Our previous monthly low is now.
sitting below these lower intraday timeframe equal lows. So there's gonna be a ton of fucking liquidity built up there. So we could look for that as potentially a draw on liquidity in the future. I mean, if I'm looking at this chart and I'm asking myself where the stop losses are, I see a couple places and one of them's right here and one of them's right here. Potentially here, but if you get that close, I would look for this right here.
Also, okay, I'm seeing this. Sorry. You said recent period that happened on Bitcoin came to an order block, but it seems it's not enough to continue the bullish order flow. You think it will go lower because of the reaction. What makes you think that it's not enough to continue the orders flow? I'm just curious. I'm not disagreeing or agreeing. You said it right here. Failure of making a new high, becoming a weak low.
Look at former equal low. Yeah, I see the equal lows for sure. Yeah, I mean, again, along with the ETH SMT divergence, you know, made a higher high on Bitcoin, you did not. Yeah, you're reacting to these supply zones now with displacement. You know, I would look for price probably to move to the downside.
Also, something else I would keep an eye on is if we get under this price right here, I would potentially look at this as a breaker block.
But again, it's kind of out of session for a lot of this stuff to be happening. You know, really, in my opinion, this time to around, you know, really for me tomorrow or a, you know, a session would be a no trade zone. But as far as seeing any kind of massive manipulation or super, super high probability setups, I wouldn't really look during this time of the day.
I said trend line liquidity on the top. Yeah, there's for sure stops here above all this. Definitely. I see it 100%. That was what I think JL was pointing that out. The one I was really paying attention to was these right there. But again, the way that we're just hanging out around the weekly open, it tells me that...
If we don't start moving violently away from it in one direction or the other, it kind of tells me that this week's not going to be a massive expansion. I could be wrong. I could totally be wrong. But that's what I've gathered whenever price just kind of consolidates around the weekly open. If I'm just looking at the weekly, though, it just is a no-brainer for me that we're going for these lows right here. And then probably back up to fill, manipulate, give a false narrative upside, and then to take out all this.
Asia high is not taken yet. I think that, and it depends what you draw as Asia, I guess, but I'm pretty sure, yeah, what I would consider Asia got taken, but that's just, I do it differently than, also, here's something else I'm curious about. Yeah, I mean, let's see how that develops. If you look, this POR here is an optimal trade entry. Oops, I went wrong. Interesting.
This is why sometimes that, here's a good example of the accumulation manipulation distribution. You have this Asia range, price grades above it, you form the high of the day during the London, and then price expands the downside. Comes up, where does it come to?
Up into a deep optimal trade entry and then you get that again Same cycle Asia gets manipulated. I wouldn't say this is just you know a consolidation obviously pretty big expansion, but manipulation Distribution I would look at actually like this give it a second look
I would look at this right here. That would be your optimal trade entry for that expansion. It would be this. So you have that move to the downside of the London expansion retracement in a New York session right there. We'll three drive right into it. Also, Luis said CADUSD. Why is it CADUSD and not USDCAD? I knew that sounded weird.
I can do CAD USD. Do you want me to do USD CAD? I know you're trading on the same broker I am. You're on MFF. So you got USD CAD. If you want me to do CAD USD, just stop me. I read it and I was like, wait. The simulation is glitching.
But as we said, okay, it's falling to a T. We talked about this, I think, this week. I can't remember. We talked about it moving towards as high. Weekly is expanding. No question for me. That's what it's going for. So, again, let's just see. I kind of want to use this little live case study. So, overall bias, you're going to that high. I would be very careful shorting until you're above that.
I'm not saying just to long to it from here where we're at either, but that's where I would be weary shorting under that. So overall bias would be that. After you clear that out, look for any inbounces you've formed. I do want to just look at something. So 29th midnight open. Now this is pretty clean right here. So you see how we came down.
right into a higher timeframe price delivery array, which was a order block in this sense. Let me draw this out. Wait, sorry, wrong thing. I don't know if it actually hit into it or not. Yeah, it did off the wick. We came under that weekly open, right into the daily order block.
and then expand it from there. And you'll see that low of the week. This is most likely going to be the low of the week. And I doubt that you're going to see price come back under this low the rest of the week. So you would have been looking at this from a sense of this being your accumulation. I mean, it's going to be on a lower timeframe, easier to see. But then your manipulation would be right there. And distribution is really the rest of the week.
This is most likely going to be a weekly low. That wick right there, that's where it is drawn. So overall, I mean, you could try to build long ideas around trading up into that buy side liquidity at this high. I'd look for this to be protected down here. Wait, over here? That wick right here, this, correct? This wick, this one.
Oh, you're saying... Okay, wait, no. That's not the 19th. No, you're fine. Oh, way over here. Okay, over here? No. Oh, oh, fuck. I see. My bad, bro. My bad. Okay, so the 50th. Okay. Yeah, I mean, I would... Yeah, I just... When you're this close to, you know, this up here...
You know what I'm saying? So, like, I just look at that, like, price is going to gravitate. So, I mean, you can short, I mean, but just be in and out, like, very quickly. So, like, for instance, this short here, I can see there probably was an opportunity, but it was very short-lived in the sense that, you know, really the short opportunity here for me, if I was going to trade this, I mean, I can't even tell you I would have traded it, to be honest. Because the way I look at it, once I come above this high,
You know, I would have looked at it like, okay, potentially you can catch a little one minute scalp or something, but there we just saw there wasn't really a great entry in that first high. Five minute.
And you can't, you can watch the five minute of the 15 price comes up and go down, but no break of structure. And then finally we do break structure. You know, we've absorbed so much liquidity. It's like, what are you going to target? You know, if you, if your price goes up here and you short, you're kind of, it's kind of just against the narrative at that point because, you know, prices already came down and absorbed any liquidity that you were going to target. You know, the idea is if, if you would have been here
And let's just say, I mean, theoretically, you know, you could have done a double, like one thing I've been testing around. I mean, if you look at that as your break of structured displacement, I mean, I wouldn't have taken that. But if that didn't meet, you could have looked at that. And you had a little fair value gap here.
But again, I can't I wouldn't even taken it just because it's like it's very choppy. It's against bias. It's You understand so like you could take maybe that and then you know your stop loss would have really been I mean
that's not a swing high to me. So I would have put up here and then it's like, you know, the only thing you'd really target that is the next area of liquidity or the next price delivery. Right. So it'd been like maybe this supply zone to be safe or not supply, I'm sorry, demand zone. But even then it's again, like the risk rewards, nothing. It's just one of those things where, you know what I'm saying? Like, it's just kind of, but I see that I see the idea for sure. Like if, if for instance,
The reason I'm stressing that is just so it's not that your idea wasn't wrong. And then the price action, we're looking at just this and we're looking at, you know, if we're just looking here, we see rated a high break of structure. That's correct. But this is just why it's so important to operate in time or in a context of that higher timeframe.
Somebody said, also, I'm sorry to ask, but I noticed you making use of weekly open. Can I ask what it shows us? I don't really know. So the point of it basically is if we are trying to catch the weekly move or at least develop a bias to trade within, we want to determine what is the week likely to do? Is the week likely to expand up towards liquidity or is it likely to expand down towards liquidity? So in this example, Dollar Cab, we would look at it in the sense that
we talked about this, I'm pretty sure it was Monday, that we were reaching for this high. So in order to maybe confirm that, you can watch how price reacts as the weekly opens. So if the weekly opens and you see a push to the downside immediately and price raids liquidity, and we form a low during either Tuesday, London, Tuesday, now look at this, it's going to be right in London, right after, no, it's actually in the kill zone right there, or well, like an hour after it, I guess.
During the 5 a.m. candle. So theoretically, you're still there. So, you know, right in that London zone. And then once we get that move away right here.
You can look at it from a context that we're expanding the upside and prices, the weekly candle, along with our bias, we can say, okay, well, maybe the weekly is indeed bullish. Now, one thing you can do here is you can take the candle bodies, not the wicks, the bodies of the impulsive move right up. Sorry, hold on. I'm trying to line it up. The impulsive move up.
And you don't want to drop from the low. You want to drop from whatever. Oftentimes it's New York open. If you see it's New York kill zone, you'll want to see where do we really expand off of and use that body and then look for some form of price delivery array around optimal trade entry. Now, in this example, it was that daily order block. And this would have been an easy one to miss because, you know, it would be kind of elusive if you're just looking at the lower timeframes.
But you don't have that. That's, for instance, if you're trying to catch that, that's something you would want to catch and probably hold till that, you know, draw on liquidity or till Friday. But I guess to answer the question, what it shows is it just helps develop bias. And if you're looking to swing a trade through the week, it can be used to catch a trade early on in the week and ride out the week a candle. But again, you have to have something clear you're drawing towards.
You have to have a, you know, pretty strong convicted bias on what you think is happening, and you will use that in complement to that and trade off of it. And it can be, doesn't it be 705, it can be 6.2 to 7.9.
Anyways, guys, I'm going to see if there's any other questions. Can I go through the fib I'm using? Yeah, sure. It's just an OTE. I just turn off the one and the zero. It's just like that's like the ends. I just do it for chart hygiene. But 79, 705, and 62, it's just optimal trade entry. But it's really key. Don't just try to use this on every price swing. It needs to be effective with time and sessions. Also, I'm just now seeing...
uh fern and oscar are you guys in here yeah yesterday i just now saw where you guys asked me in um stream chat i don't ever see those like i'm just now seeing that i need to make that damn i guess i don't know i don't want to switch now to a different chat because i've stressed so many times to use the crypto box one but i just want to make sure i see them and i don't like my uh i just saw that oscar but um the um
um we have meaning i've been talking about it a bunch it's honestly just it lines up with power of three but it's different it's it's different though his is completely i mean it's it's completely different in the way you enter it i should say yeah i think he's calling the force force session model or some shit
Me and him have been talking about it for a couple of days, just like nonstop trying to determine because that was why I did this on gold because I had done this. And then right after he sent me one and it was very similar, but it's different at the same time. So it's just interesting to see stuff line up. I like this. Now it's coming back. Taking out those lows. Yeah, it's really just it's I mean, it's basically the same thing that ICT teaches, but a little different.
The entry is, like, so for instance, the entry is, I think, a little sooner than, like, it'll give you a better risk to reward than just trading optimal trade entry of the range expansion. What he's doing, I think, is basically the licorice candle, just that candle or something like that. Oh, yeah.
I cut down everything on, like, I'm about to just start watching these pairs for a little bit. I might, you know, might change, but I'll, I mean, let me peep it, but I haven't been watching it now. I just, because honestly, I have much better track record with indices than anything. Like, I almost just want to trade them, but yeah, exactly.
And watch, I guarantee it's going to be optimal trade entry of the London, or of the retracement or the London expansion almost 90% of the time. Right. Which is a benefit. Yeah. A great day. For prosperity? Wait, they do prop accounts? Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's fire. I want to do, the one that I'm kind of leaning towards is TFF, just because they're crypto threads.
Bro, Mang was telling, he opened like a five lot on XMR, bro. You'll understand this. A five lot on XMR and the contract size, whoa, I don't know. Oh, you mean, yeah, I think it was whenever he signaled it. I think it was. I don't know if it was that time or another time, but I know he opened a five lot at one point and his drawdown was like 50 bucks, like the spread.
like dog how that's so that's crazy that's like insane that's like fucking slippage you'd get on binance where that's 500 that'd be opening 500 monero market buy a lot of times you're going to be down immediately 50 bucks just doing that on like a regular exchange you know what i'm saying so to see that on mt4 is pretty crazy like for instance i'll tell you right now on uh mff spreads for well it's five so actually it's closed but um spreads uh
on uh what's it called on bitcoin are usually anywhere from 20 to 28 dollars which doesn't sound like i mean it's doable but it's honestly it makes it makes the one minute a little fickle sometimes like um like for instance i wanted to trade where is it it's over here or no yeah yes i wanted to trade this
but I just didn't because I probably could have. I wanted to trade this right here and I would have just been right there because I don't really wait for the top. But the thing is like my target at that point would have just been like this candle right here, that order block. And I would have probably looked, let's not get a five minute if there's a fair value gap. I mean, it's like, bro.
You know I'm saying it's like I mean fam like why I mean it is what it is But to be honest that wasn't the greatest trade ever targeting there. Now if you held it would have been pretty nice, but You know exactly Bitcoin looks decent here. It looks like a little three drive acume in the lower time frames I'm about to go hit the motherfucking gym. Oh Fucking get off my ass where I've been sitting staring at the screen all day Some
Yeah, no, exactly. And that's the thing I like about it. Cause what I'm about to do, I'm trying to develop. Yeah. Two to three days is what I'm, my goal right now. I was going to say, Oh yeah. It's five hour a week. And then I just stop like, and that's like, no, no question. I'm done. If I have five hour in a week on the funded, I'm chilling. But, um,
The other rules I wanted to implement is to trade only on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays during New York kill zone or London closed kill zone. So that's 7 a.m. to noon. And then the...
The other factor would be to not trade past Wednesday on NFP or FOMC weeks. But basically, you'd come out to trading around 17 to 18 days a month, which is more than enough if you've got to fund it. Especially if you do multi-firm funding. If you're operating like a mill and you do that, that's fucking easy money. That's my goal is I want to get to...
yeah that'd be the goal so it'd be like another 300 mff another or a 200 uh tff and then a 200 from another broker i probably i don't know i just i really don't fuck with ftmo like i mean i do for the sense that they're reliable but like
I don't like the way their crypto is, which it doesn't matter if I was using TFF. The indices are fine, but really the news isn't that big of a problem. That's probably who I'd end up going with, but I don't know. I feel like, yeah, I think all of them, yeah.
i think all of them like mff i think is too that eventually you can scale it but the thing is a lot of them the way you scale it is just by not pulling out not all of them but like for instance like i know that uh mff the way they want you to do it is like to leave in you know and then they'll they'll scale it too not just like you know it's not just you building it up but they don't want you to pull out which to me i'm like like i look at it like
Yeah, the benefit of not pulling out, but then it's like, okay, we just pull out and go buy other phone accounts and use copy trading software. It's kind of just like, why even bother not pulling your bread out? Especially whenever it's like a lot of money and it's with a firm, like any of these firms can go bankrupt at any time, especially with the goddamn way the economy is going. So I would expect some of them to go bankrupt actually. Somebody said,
Can I go over peer? Also, let me ask my win ratio. I haven't kept track of actual win percentage, but I just do my sharp, which it was 2.91 for the, what's it called, for the challenge, which is pretty good. I was actually pretty proud of that. I don't know if anybody noticed that I threw that in the tweet.
I was like at 2.9. Because it's like over three is like 200 IQ type shit for trading. Because I think that most firms require above a 1.5. But that's like some dummy firms that aren't really that good. Not a prop firm, but like if you were to work as an account manager. Not a proprietary account, but an investment firm. Hell yeah. Right.
Yeah, for sure. December is always pretty crazy, especially for crypto. Somebody said, can I go over peer? I don't know if it's you that asked me, but I've been asked this coin at random times around the streams. Damn, this looks like a fucking clean ass short. I mean, well, not from right here, but look at that. Just massive fucking equal highs get taken. Probably one hour fair value gap or something. I mean, you almost took out everything.
That was fucking clean. Well, you could have done that. God, you would have got stopped on it so hard if you used the five-minute for an entry, though. That would suck. I mean, you would have probably taken at least something off down here. Didn't even hit this. Oh, maximum pain. Literally equaled right there. Came up and took out. Or did it equal? No, it's equal. What the fuck? Equal on all of them. So I guess you wouldn't have got stopped out. Never mind, I was deceiving.
I don't think you can even short this. Or I don't know, maybe you can. I don't see any perps. But if you can, trade it. This would have been a nice short. Overall, I would probably be looking to cover around here, if not the lows.
This crypto dumping too, or is it just pure just pure somebody asked for B R I breeze price Sure, I'll do that and then I'm gonna hop off after this one gym Yeah, pretty insane. Holy shit. It's one of these holy fuck dad's rug pull the fuck out and I'm just kidding that uh Pretty big move. I'm gonna all-time high 11,000% No, but um
I mean, looking at the daily, I mean, to be honest with you, it's like not much you do here. I mean, you're just in this no man's land of a wick for the next 1100%. So, I mean, I would look at it like, you know, any realistic targets have been taken out and then some. Gives you rug pull vibes. Could be wrong, but, oh.
It looks almost like it wants to make another move to upside. But, I mean, I just would. You said you're 5X now. I'll just be honest. If I was 5X, I can't give you financial advice, good sir. But if I was 5X, I'd be 5X. You know what I mean? I'd be taking some profits. But that's just me. So, DJing as you wish. I wouldn't be out. But I'm like Mr. Krabs, though. If I had something like that, you know, it's not 2020 no more.
2025 X's were everywhere.
But anyways, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. As always, I appreciate you coming through. If this helped, I'd appreciate it if you'd like. Just hit a comment. It helps the algorithm find my videos a lot. And yeah. Oh, yeah. Also, anyway, it's watching. I put a giveaway on Twitter. I don't know if you guys saw it, but go check out my Twitter. Link's in my bio if you want to enter that giveaway. And what it is, I'm giving out $100, a free month of Playbit, and a free mentorship to five people.
Yeah. Until tomorrow, though, I will see you guys later. Peace.
