Yeah, that was a while ago. I'm not doing that no more.
I got you. I was just curious. Yeah. Right now is not the time with the way the economy is. Alrighty. So I'll go ahead and get started. So I wanted to kind of switch stuff up.
And just go over trades from the last week. Not all these were given in the Discord. Some I just took myself. But I think that it's important that you always go back and review your week. Don't do it at the end of the month because you're going to be very behind and it's not going to be fresh in your mind. No one wants to do this, right? But I promise you it's not going to make you a worse trader.
I can't promise you it's going to make you a better trader, but I know that it's not detrimental to your...
trading and at the end of the day, it's like, okay, like sports teams, really, you know, professional sports teams, boxers, fighters, gymnasts, whatever it is, the best of the best always review film. So this is our way to do that. And not everybody wants to do this, but it's not that hard. For instance, I just basically entered in everything under this right here in the last 45 minutes. Totally fine. But what it did is it refreshed some stuff for me.
He literally gave me some insight on stuff. And now that's how you grow. You know, that's how you're going to.
um over time grow into a better trader you're going to identify your habits you're going to identify the mistakes that you make and then there will be mistakes you make continuously maybe it's you're taking profits too early or your trading counter trend too much or whatever it may be you'll be able to catch that if you are real with yourself and you journal everything
now um the week started off we actually these three signaled these three bitcoin longs whenever we were trying to long um earlier this week it was honestly a really boring day um got stopped at break even twice and then the last time we didn't really i didn't have a reason to move stops to break even so we ended up taking a one hour loss um this is kind of how crypto's been lately which i'm not gonna blame it on that at all but um
For reasons like that, that's why I haven't been really focusing on crypto lately, but we'll go back. Oops, not BVTC Alert did someone ask something? Hold on. I said who possessed Casper? No, um, so
i don't know if i have these still on here because i thought they were in my notion but yeah they're over here okay cool never i have to update them like the pictures later so the framework so we always want to review framework first because that's going to tell you you know um
what made you take the long in the first place well for me the main framework here was we had removed so much sell-side liquidity now on most pairs um for instance like a lot of other trades i took this week it was a similar setup um counter trend but you know your intraday liquidity was removed so you could take a trade but bitcoin and crypto in general
um lately has been a little fickle and we came back see for me we came back down into our zone that was deep and there was also a poi that was that was another thing there was this these uh sell to buy wicks which is a fractal form of demand we hit supply right here then price came back a little bit and pushed through it we also removed all of this sell side liquidity so for me um that was where i wanted to you know look for buying opportunities now
The problem was whenever we come here, we got that first change of character. So I was being pretty aggressive because a lot of times these counter turn trades, you're going to you got to either just take it or don't even worry about it. You can't really be half in and half out. But what I did was wait for that. We had our trigger there. Now, if we go back down, we know that we had a demand zone right here.
Now, I didn't just set a limit because we're trading counter trend. You know, everything was, you know, dumping. The whole idea was just to buy up to an area to take more sales.
But I didn't want to take profits this early. I guess we could have taken profits right here. But for me, that was not... I mean, looking back, maybe we should have. But at the end of the day, I'd rather stay true to my system where I really don't take profits most of the time until 3R. And the only times that I really go against that are if I am going to sleep or if I'm not looking to hold something through the rest of the day.
for whatever reason like maybe oh what's up ian i appreciate you coming through i know usually you can't make it but um but yeah so usually um the only times i take trades earlier is if i'm leaving my desk or i'm not being able to monitor and i don't want to just be you know in a trade so um go back this way i keep this oops if i don't do that
So, this is all in a one minute time frame. Price came and broke down, or not broke down, sorry, broke up from that 15 minute internal break of structure. So then what I wanted to do is wait till price returned to this zone, and then I wanted to see a one minute break of structure with displacement.
Now that actually happened down here. Because when we were watching live, and it's hard to see now in hindsight, but this candle at one point was an internal high. I know that's really hard to see, but we saw price push down, and then it came back up. By the time that I got into it, because I was kind of watching something else and watching this at the same time, I think we were on stream at this, or it was right after we got upstream. Took a trade right there.
price came up reviewing on it um could have taken some profits there but we didn't we got stopped to break even now why did i move my stop loss to break even because we're trading counter trend i usually won't move my stop loss to break even but i'll wait until we're at 3r to trim 30 and then i can leave my stop loss because you know we already took 1r of profits and we reduced our position size so now if the
trade went south and hit our stop loss in that scenario of taking 30 of 3r you're de-risked now you covered your fees and your loss so but but in this situation we obviously didn't get that and it was counter trend so we set um stops to break even so the zone was still good over here and then i looked at it again and i saw um it run on liquidity right there so we're in the zone now i've got a liquidity raid
And let's try this again. So Bitcoin got this internal break of structure right there with this placement. Price came back down to this inefficiency. I just took a trade, right? Moved up. That wasn't really seeing any kind of strength that I wanted. And at that point, I just decided to break even my stops. And thank God we did. We definitely got stopped out. And then price pushed down farther into the...
the POI we had originally framed the trade-off of.
Then price came back up that this was a real lick rate This seemed to be a lick rate because it was a little displacement, but the real liquidity rate was right there We saw that displacement which oftentimes it doesn't happen at this time of day, but lately there's really no routine with crypto It's just gonna do what it's gonna do the times have not really been like you used to you could trade crypto like during kill zones Now it's kind of just the price action the price action But price came up
We had broken structure not once, but twice. It looked like we had came back into this breaker block right here. And also another form of fractal supply. We have these sell-to-buy wicks. So it looked like price had respected this newly formed demand. It was a little more of an aggressive take and took the trade. Now, ideally, if the...
target would have been farther. I would have set my stop loss farther. It would have been down here. But you see with Bitcoin, these big moves happen. You don't really have a great... There was no really good stop loss to take a trade right here, in my opinion. Unless you just put it in a random spot. But using structure, that was really your only spot. But we see that price stopped it, moved up a little bit, moseyed on around. Then it decided to wait until, I don't know, what was this, the next day?
It was the next day before it really got its move. It's just odd price action. This is kind of a great example of why I'm not really focusing on crypto right now because I think it's just kind of a waste of time for day trading. But price did come back down. It finally swept that liquidity. No, it actually didn't. See, I wouldn't have taken any more longs because you're just engineering sales side. Now, there were good short opportunities up here, but I didn't take any of those. After that, I was like, I'm not really going to waste my time.
so i said i was watching xmr maybe we talked about it but um i haven't really been again i haven't really been watching crypto at all lately but um that was the three bitcoin trades these first three right here so just to sum it up really shouldn't even been trading crypto at this point because there's a lot of other moves to be had or if i was just focus on pro trend don't worry about trying to trade intraday movements while you know
You have Forex and indices where they're going to be a little bit more. They're seeking out that intraday liquidity and you'll be able to have a much cleaner perspective on what's going on. Crypto right now, there's not, you know, the market cap is basically erased. I mean, if we look at total.
You know, in the last few weeks, the market caps, I mean, literally just completely diminished. So with that happening, you're going to see a lot of price action that's just unfavorable. But at that point, what I am inferring from that is the best thing to do is just wait for your four hour POIs and short from them with the trend. Because if you look, that's what's been paying off. You know, we got in those nice shorts last week.
That was a good example of what we want to take. Then there's more shorts here. There was shorts here to be had. I think this was actually last night.
But the thing is, were there shorts to be had? In my opinion, not really. Because, okay, now if you just short off four-hour order blocks, there was, but that's not my style. And that may have worked this instance, but I know that most of the time that doesn't work. So this is a frustrating thing with crypto. Like, okay, if I was watching this, price comes up in this area, okay, where do you have an opportunity? Right there. But then what? You never got a return back into your area.
Now we could see that Still play out I'm actually gonna send alert for that, but you didn't really get an opportunity there now If price just comes up into this I'm gonna need the 50 minute to do this again because I need the 50 minute to switch bearish But anyways, I won't get too hung up on that. I know we're recapping on somebody's
That's you, Percules. So the next trade I took was an Ethereum long. I didn't put any of this stuff here. I know it was counter trend. Let's actually look before I... This one we talked about in chat. Me and Papa were talking about it, but I don't think either of us signaled it. Did I even mark it?
Oh, yeah, actually, I cleaned up my ETH chart in a one-on-one earlier. That's frustrating. Well, the ETH trade, I won't be able to review, and that actually kind of sucks for me because I won't have it in my journal. But I remember it was just similar to what we were trying to do with Bitcoin, but it actually hit. So now I'll move over to CADYIN.
We had two trades on this pair this week. The first one we actually cut early. I think that, where is their short position? I don't know if I kept it. We can pull it up in the Discord. Just do that to make it simple. Forex analysis. Oh, here it was right here. So we took the trade, kind of giving the framework.
right here we had four hour was we had a bullish trend on the four hour and then we had this order block price came up into it so now we've got a liquidity raid now we just need that 15 minute confirmation and we've called this out and said okay well this is what we're looking for we're looking for price to come up here and get a market structure break to the downside that was actually different so we had that market structure break to the downside and here i can go back over to trading view for this now
the market structure break to the downside was right here so as soon as that broke we then had a another supply zone right here so the first trade we had price came up into this zone and then we started to show signs of weakness right here because here we came down
Made a small I think this is actually on a lower time from the one minute. That was another thing It was like a 15 second, but there was an internal low here price came up took it out We had taken a cell here, but then
as you guys see on the discord we cut it cutting here at break even we'll revisit once the inefficient price action is filled so took a trade there cut it when it was sitting at break even it actually ended up in a 0.25 r loss for me just because of um fees which you guys still count that but um
Then price came up the inefficiency that I was talking about Was this right here? So we had a 15 minute Inefficiency so price was rebalanced that gave me my trigger because I had given myself a clear Framework for what I was gonna need to look for another reentry and as soon as price came up into that area It's actually is good. I hate when I move it on a freaking was a price 106 119
is it one one nine yeah that's right um whenever you move it on the 15 minute it like moves where it actually is in the one minute but um we got that prior the break structure the downside so you know that just triggers into the trade so we gave ourselves um
uh kind of we gave us there's a second chance with this one because the bias wasn't broken the idea was correct the four hour was correct everything was good and then we just realized okay price action is not really giving us what we need i don't like how it's pulling up it shouldn't be reversing that quickly so let's just get out of break even wait for it to come up and give us what we need and it gave us that and pretty i was off to the races pretty quick for that one partial's there and then it was around 50 pips
Like I can't remember but it was when I announced it. Let's see There's where he took the second cells after we had that break of structure and then 35 pips. We took some profits 35 pips great trade so far and then again, we hit 57 pips So pretty easy money for that day
um now the only thing that i wish i would have done differently because we see how we we had a good trade and um we took profits but then you know it stopped out or stopped at an entry either way it was a profitable trade now reflecting on this more see look what happened price came up stopped us out and then went to the downside now what happened and this is something i'm going to incorporate into a new model is i've seen this happen myself about three or four times over the last month
you have you're trading counter trend theoretically but we're trading with the high time frame bias right because our four hour goes here like you know you're literally talking about a massive move now if you talk about this as a swing then you're bearish right and it's pro trend but that's not really a swing for a yen pair for me um so we have a massive range but i think that we're still bearish i'm using the higher time frames my daily draw on liquidity
target really down here right so that was my bearish bias now if i would have waited we took the 15 minute change of character in a four hour zone against the trend so that the thing i think we should have done differently was waited for the four hour change of character because look we waited for the four hour change of character right here right that was your four hour change of character and then you could have had your range supply
Came into it right here and you would have been able to get a much more explosive entry We see that that would have given us what we needed You know the original entry from that would have been because we know this is the zones when I move it Right there and you would have literally had your entry would have been
In this area, you would have got that one minute confirmation. You would have been able to catch a really nice move. But good news is here, I still have my eyes on it. I still see tons of sell side liquidity being engineer the downside. We've also got our drawn liquidity down here. And that's from the daily time frame.
So we've still got good reason to believe this is going down. So I'm not done with this personally. All I'm waiting on is price to return up to one of these areas of supply. I would take shorts from either one, but I would prefer this up here because that's that original sell zone. That's originally where we saw displacement enter the market. But I would still take sales from either range because at the end of the day, what I'm looking at here is we have this daily.
The Daily is showing intention to want to come down to this recent low. We've filled the inefficiency. Price is rebalanced.
Right there. We rebalance. So now the daily has shown us expansion away. Now we should be pushing down towards another area of liquidity. So trade still, I think the setup is still good. Maybe it goes without us. I don't know, but I'm still watching. I've got alerts set up both these areas. And if I can get that framework where, um, you know, the four hour shifts bearish, 15 minute shifts bearish and so on, I'll look to take more cells. So that trade, um,
Need to update this it was more than one. It was 3.5 not 1.5 That'll make this Now we had The next day I took a nice cell I posted about this on Twitter and on and disco we didn't signal it so do I make that clear but Nonetheless still a great trade
We can learn from it together. So let me go back to it. Now this one, I was heavily using our daily draw on liquidity. Now we came up in rebalance price, right? We didn't hit it all the way, but to me, that's good enough. Now we didn't tap this POI, right? There's this buy to sell Wix on the daily, which was a four hour supply zone, institutional candle. But to me, we filled up enough of these inefficiencies. And then I saw that four hour sign of weakness, right?
So we started to see that four hour show intention that we want to go lower. The market wanted to go lower. So at that point, we'd filled the draw on liquidity. You know, I'm bearish on the daily, on the weekly, the four hours theoretically bullish, right? But I was not buying that. I just looked at that as a pushback to get back up to this draw on liquidity. And this is why building your high timeframe narrative is important because, you know, had I just been a permable, I would just have only been longing at all these POIs here.
right now now this may have been a good poid along but not the others and you would have missed out on the short opportunity so price
gave us this consolidation range coming into the new york session and we had pretty clear areas of liquidity these highs right here relatively equal one had been swept already but we had a relative idea of where the liquidity was and a clear clean low right there also the sell side was getting engineered by these relatively equal lows here you know retail thinks this is support so what we do when we play the stock market
This is Nas. It's just the NQ. Now, what we do when we play this, or the way I play it, is I wait for a liquidity raid model. And I wait for it to happen between 9 a.m. and 11 a.m. That's the only time I'll really take a trade here. Now, we want to look for that displacement up into an area of liquidity. Now, we identified, you know, when I came to my desk this morning, I identified this area. And also, we had those inducement highs front running this point of interest.
So a little mix of just liquidity concepts along with supply and demand. So we rated liquidity up into a supply zone.
All I needed at this point was a break of structure to the downside. The ICT model, he needs displacement. There wasn't really displacement here until down here. If you took the ICT model, you still got a trade. You got in right there. But the risk reward would not have been as good. I kind of mixed my own style. This is a model I use. I just my lick raid model. So if I just see a liquidity raid.
I'm going to take the trade, especially on indices. Now, this is something I only use on indices. If we raid that prior session liquidity, the range highs, and you need to do it with displacement. You need to have animation. Price needs to push violently into our zone or just above those old highs. And then we start to see signs of weakness on a low time frame. That's enough for me. I executed the trade. Now, what I targeted below, oops, sorry, was a four hour.
They're a four hour zone. Where was it? Or maybe some equal lows. I think this is what it was. No, it's way lower.
Or was it just this high? Yeah, it was just this high right here. So I know when I'm looking at this little accumulation zone on a 15 minute on a higher timeframe, that's going to be a demand area. I don't know if it was a four hour. Let's see. Maybe I don't know one hour, but yeah, it was a four hour demand zone right there and an inefficiency fill. So I wasn't greedy. One thing looking back on this though, because I wanted to take this longer. I did leave a runner until market closed, which was like right about here.
like 30 minutes before market closed somewhere in these two candles I did leave 25% of my position there and I didn't trim anything until this full target so it was a beautiful trade I was very happy with it executed exactly how it's supposed to go so only thing to learn from here is just to not be afraid whenever you have a model like this and take it because I have confidence in this model often there was also news manipulation here
So that was nice. Let's see what the next one was An Aussie dollar sells the same morning. This is a fucking great day Oh, actually, let me just pull up the stuff because I don't make it easier. I just did these another organized so the framework Originally on the four hour or let's look at me
i have to click a couple of them there we go so the four hour price action um very simple we had sell side liquidity engineered these equal lows now the four hour was bullish at one point we switched up it was really choppy price action you know it was a bearish break of structure right here various break of structure right there
so then you had this bearish range we were trading within also sell side liquidity at the bottom of the range and you can't see right here but there's a weekly low that i've been targeting for a while so i'm just looking at this imbalance getting filled price was rebalanced and we raided liquidity so that was my framework this is what i was like okay i might have a trade opportunity
15-minute, I came in and refined that four-hour supply zone into a 15-minute institutional candle. This was extremely similar to the Bitcoin short we took last week. And price came up, refilled that in balance, and then that high even got swept, came up into the institutional candle.
So at that point, we definitely had a trade opportunity price. I wasn't at my desk at this point. This was during the London session. If you see, it was about 3 a.m. my time. I wasn't at my desk. I got to my desk around, I think it was, I don't know, 7 a.m. around this area, and I saw price had exhibited bearish order flow to the downside. Now, there was an inefficiency up ahead, but to me, we had already filled one inefficiency and broke structure again.
So that's the only reason I didn't wait. Now, if this low or this low had not occurred, I would not have taken a sell until we came back up into this supply zone. But that wasn't the case. I saw that bearish order flow was coming into the market. I had my framework. My narrative is already telling me I want to target the sell side liquidity below. Structure is telling me that. And we had just filled this high timeframe fair value gap and shown signs of weakness.
you know we started to break down so at this point we had seen one sign of weakness because we didn't really see it up here look here was your low price came up came up again hadn't even shown a sign of weakness didn't clear this low but you cleared that low so that for me was enough you know we came up mitigated this zone so at that point
So my execution, I waited until we came back up into that zone that we had just drawn, this zone right here. Because this is in a 15 minute. Price came into my zone, gave me my sign of weakness. And this is why I love inside bars. Because it's important that you...
You know, use a technical approach whenever you are plotting market structure. We're not trying to say, oh, that doesn't look like a low. You know, that's not how it works. We look at it from a perspective of, is it a low? Was it a part of another leg in price? No, because it failed to break this candle's high, but it did produce a candle after it that broke its high. That's a low. A low's job is to make a high. If it's not a part of another internal swing of price,
and it does its job, then I'm going to mark it. I'm going to take it. So it broke down.
At that point, price wicked up a little bit. So it cleared that low. Price wicked up. I just marked it executed. And then it was off to the races. And that's why you have to be really, really aggressive if you have a style that you know works and not be scared to get stopped out. Like this could have got stopped out and I wouldn't have cared. Whatever. But as soon as that happened, as soon as that happened, I've already put my position size here. I already know how many pips my stop loss is. I know exactly everything.
That I need. I have my phone open. With the amount of lots. That is according to my stop loss. Everything is ready. I'm pointing the gun. Ready to shoot that shit. As soon as that happens. Take the trade. That was our execution. Then.
Right here. That was the target was this sell side liquidity on a 15 minute now the thing where I fucked up here, which I really shouldn't say fucked up, but I guess the thing where I You know, look how I could have just held that because I originally the whole reason to get in the trade Was the target this sell side liquidity down here. Not just this was a target this down here
So, um, I just took the trade. I was happy with it because I've lately been trying to be a little more, um, you know, if, cause I've got, I got, I spoiled myself a little bit with like 20 and 30 hour only, which, you know, they are great and they definitely happen. We've hit a 20 hour, I think last week, but, um, you know, I'm okay with these small gains building up. Now, looking back, do I wish that I could have just held to my weekly target? My weekly target was cleared.
I could have had a 45 hour trade, but I don't want to sit there and like give myself like FOMO and make myself make a bad decision next time. But I can reflect on it and say, okay, well, at least target your four hour target. You know, I could have at least, and I trimmed out a bunch right here and held the rest and I would have had a 20 hour trade. It would have literally hit, I think later the same day, the next day. So, you know, it is what it is. But then we took another sell. Now this one, I actually cut.
let me put pictures in here so i know exactly what i did by the time so the framework framework was very similar to the last one all right price came back up we removed that four hour sell side
Um, but I still was targeting that week low at the bottom, you know, at the weekly low, once we get that close and there was some sell side liquidity here. So for me, I was still targeting that. I was looking at short again, my 15 minute was right. I should have backed this up a little bit, but obviously I didn't see all this at the time of executing. But what I saw was the 15 minute was in my zone filled this inefficiency swept liquidity. So it gave me all my checks, right?
But remember, we're playing shorts at the discount of a range after we've taken some sell-side liquidity, which I was cognizant of, but that always kind of, I guess, decreases your probability of the trade. For one, being successful, and for two, being one that's just off to the races. It's not usually going to happen like that because it's going to be choppy, which was fine. At this point, whatever.
I had made some good money this week. I wanted to target those weekly lows. Now, remember, I could have just held the trade that I was in the beginning of the week. It would have been solid. So what I did at that point, this was a PM trade. It was late. I took the trade super late. That was my execution, again, with the inside bars. Came down, price paused, made a new high, took it. I immediately executed right there.
Not much to it just in a 15-minute POI four hours bearish one minute execution very straightforward now
What I did thank God I was just I was going to sleep. So look if you see the time right here Is actually I think a little bit after this maybe over in this area But um, because this is six hours ahead of me But I took profits right around there was this so's six eight nine one seven it was in this area right here if you see up here was
950 so it's a little lower it's probably in this candle actually is where it was in this down candle and i just took profits because i was going to sleep now for one i don't want to sleep on a position like this and for two i probably couldn't sleep without a position open i think i was gonna go to sleep but i just checked my phone so i just took the profits i was like whatever dude this is an example like i started off this session with and saying that i don't you know
trim before 3r if i do anything it's like this it's like okay you're up just take the fucking money off the table you know what i mean no point and um
and just going to sleep on a fucking 50 lot you know now would i have hidden a take profit it would have hit because i was going to target i think this right here was another target for me it would have hit in that and i would have taken some partials but then price would have just turned around and stopped me out so it would have been a not a profitable trade because i was just going to take 30 percent then so it's like you know um i'm glad i did it i'm glad i took that position because it resulted in a little 1.5 r instead of
a loss or a breakeven. So this is another trade, probably happier with this than any trade I took all week. For those of you in stock chat, I know that some of you guys, maybe not in here, but I was in stock chat that day and we were fucking killing it. Let me pull this up. Where is it?
This is a great example of this. It's the same setup we had on NOS, like I was talking about. You have liquidity engineered to that one side, right? You have the range liquidity coming into the morning session. Oftentimes, there's going to be volatile news around 8.30 and 10 a.m.
This morning, I think there was news at 8.30 or 9.00. There was some news manipulation going on, obviously. And I think it was consumer confidence. I cannot remember off top. But there was news that led retail to believe we're bearish. You know, okay, we're bearish, we're pushing down. Oh my God, I'm going to short. So what happens here? In these situations, if you're not trading smart money, you're a breakout trader, you go short here. Or you are a long trader here, you got stopped out.
So the longs are stopped and then inducement of retail breakout traders going short. So then what happens? The same thing as that not set up
We come back down under here, and now no one's paying attention to this unless you trade smart money. Now, what are we waiting for? We know after we run this liquidity, it's scary, but we're expecting a reversal. Now, that reversal doesn't have to go to the moon. It doesn't have to take us back up in here, but we're expecting once we have one draw on liquidity removed, and I usually don't want to say draw on liquidity and confuse you. That should be something you use in the daily time frame, but one area of intraday liquidity is removed. Price is going to go to the other.
All right, we could target this order block. We could also target the buy side liquidity of inefficiencies all the way down I mean, it's very clean setup. So then when price comes up and this is very simple as well. You get a break of structure My internal structure was cleared right here
Because this high, it was just an inside bar right there was a high because the next candle took its low. Price traded through that high. It showed us that the market had intentions to go higher and take out that buy side. Those buy stops are going to get ran. And now all these shorts are going to get trapped.
you know everybody's just gonna be in a world of pain because everybody tried to either they got stopped out right here for longs or they try to short down here so now as soon as we come back into this fair value gap the fair value gap I had drawn this I think was on a three minute so it looks a little weird on this one minute but
um there was a fair value gap from the three minute as soon as and that's another thing we have to break this high with displacement we don't want just a wick we want displacement the market is showing us that it wants to go higher
So then price traded back down into the fair value gap. Again, no fear, no hesitation. If you have your checks, if you have everything, you just execute. And that's what I did. We were talking about this in stock chat. I can't signal stocks, but I was telling people to buy this. You can go back. A couple of people took it. There's actually some wall-up gain stuff. Then a very satisfying trade. Went exactly where we wanted it to.
And for those of you watching on YouTube, let me find in Wall of Gains From me hold on. So there are some people here that took it Let me go back Everybody's been blowing it up. You can't even find this shit now. No, it's somewhere Square is always so frustrating. Yeah, it says peel on stock chat. We were we traded that and it went perfectly Chris where's the dude who posted some shit in Wall of Gains?
Like almost positive maybe he didn't tag me there's something out there the sniper entry. Thank you
Yeah, we took longs. Again, I can't signal. I can, but they're not options. Everybody's trading options in Playbit, so I could have signaled on 4x. Next time, I guess I will, but came up. Perfect fucking trade. I mean, this is putting me in a very good mood for the rest of the day. Now, the risk-reward's not the craziest. It's 3-1, but I'll take 3-1. I didn't...
I didn't even question this because I'm very highly confident. Three to one, I mean, that's your daily goal right there. It's the only trade you need to take. It's totally fine, especially if this was over the course of less than an hour. So I was super, super happy with it. I wouldn't change a thing about it. So euro dollar, another trade that we posted about in Forex analysis.
So I notified everybody it was in demand. We wanted this kind of price action to occur. Give us some buys and the sells. Now, price came down into that zone. So this was kind of our high time frame framework that gave us the idea. You know, there's no opportunity yet, but we have an idea. We have the framework to look for a trade. So that's the trigger for that. So then we have our execution visual.
For me, I actually didn't get as good of an execution as I would have if I wasn't in my desk at the kill zone. But down in this kill zone, there was a nice low time frame entry. But for me, I just saw this break structure. I sat down back at my desk. I just got in on this candle, which usually I use the one minute, but I knew this was going to go. I've been waiting this trade a while. You know, the wrist reward was still good. Now, I won't chase something if the wrist reward's not good.
but um hopefully this speaks to a lot of people in the discord because the price will move like a little bit and everyone's like oh i missed it and it's just like you didn't miss it just reevaluate where it's at now and then change your stock or your position size you know if your risk to reward is still good you didn't miss anything you may not be in the positive the entire time but the trade idea is still the trade idea
Nice trade. Didn't hit full profit target. I took out partials right here and then up here at this area right here. I was being aggressive because it was counter trend and my daily bias for the euro dollar is pretty bearish still. Well, it was up until we cleared under these lows. But nice trade. Took out most of the trade was here and then the rest got stopped to break even. So super, super satisfied with that trade as well. Should have just taken full profits here.
Ideally, I should have just been at my fucking desk. Because if I would have been at my desk, I would have gotten down here. And then I would have been able to take full profits here and have a better restore than I got.
But overall, great fucking week. 33 are secured total. Could have been more. The strong points that I noticed was with my indice trades, my liquidity trades. I was holding my AM session liquidity. I held all the way through. And same with my Aussie dollar sale. Held all the way through. So that's what really helped me. If it wasn't for those trades, this week would have not been nearly as good.
as it would have been you know the eath short was very nice as well that was another trade um i don't think we went over that one yeah this was actually when we didn't go over so here we came into the higher time frame you can kind of see the long i took right here but um we came into the higher time frame zone two breaks structure the downside um
didn't really have i think that was supposed to be an execution but full profit hit perfectly it went down into that demand then price flew up this is super satisfying to um catch both these moves as well so all that was was just a pro trend 15 minute into one minute confirmation because we saw the we were in that higher time frame poi
sign a weakness in the 15 minute well you know really you could have got an entry right there but i wasn't watching then i waited price came back down broke structure again at that point it was fine for me i was you know we we show the supply is in control there supply flipped that newly introduced demand because this demand pushed us back up into supply and then it failed so that shows me that supply has taken control of the market um and
i mean perfect literally but that's enough and the thing is that's why i really like intraday moves because you're more poised to hold your trade in full because it's not this is not a big move right you'll see people like oh i don't even want to catch a one percent move but at the end of the day that that's just something who doesn't understand risk reward because i don't care i'm more about pips and i'm more about how much money of my portfolio am i making so
um close it out i think the um what i need to improve like i look back not really paying attention as much to crypto and not trading counter trend crypto especially because i've wasted a whole day just sitting there on bitcoin um but now i can look at it like okay i'm just trading only uh pro trend right now with crypto i'm not even gonna because usually i'll sit there you know some of these were counter trend a lot of the aussie dollar cad jpy were counter trend
you know it's um it's okay to trade counter trend but i've found that trying to trade bitcoin and stuff against the trend is less time efficient than i like um so i'll you know set my alerts trade those high time frame pois when it comes to that but um as far as you know trying to trade intraday moves against the trend i'm just not gonna really mess around with it so that and then also
On some of these trades, I did not hold to my long target. This would have been an insane week if I just held this trade right here. This Aussie sell. Because we know we can look here and it looks like a great trade. And it was a great trade. But look what happened. I could have just held this trade all the way down to here. That would have been amazing. But it is what it is. Learn from it and move on.
But yeah, close out the week really good. If you guys have any questions, feel free to unmute your mic and ask away and we'll go over it. But if not, I'm going to hop off here. I'll give you guys like two minutes or people on YouTube if you want to. Let me see if you guys have asked. I'm sorry. I haven't been looking. Somebody said how many hours am I usually on a chart? I would say on a good day, like four, sometimes less. Like, for instance,
I was taking these Nas trades like I woke up at 530. I was on the charts by 630. And I was off the charts by 11. So it was like four hours. Four and a half hours. And really an hour of that was just me on stream. Also I appreciate you too Cyber Ray.
And I encourage you guys, um, do, do this. Like I am doing this, you know what I'm saying? Like, don't, don't think that, you know, just because you're making money doesn't mean you can't do better and doesn't mean you can't improve off stuff. And I promise you think you're improving off of shit by just it happening. But what's really clicking, like for me, it literally clicked like the hour leading up to the stream. I was going back over and reviewing my trades and I was like, damn, like.
You're trying to force shit with crypto right now. You're trying to force counter trend trades. You're wasting your time. I guarantee if I would have been watching something else that day, I probably would have had a much better day. Still a fucking awesome week, but you can find those little tweaks that you can make and put them to use. Another thing that I should have kept my high time frame targets. If I'm trading pro trend, should it just held a runner?
you know on like the aussie dollar and really this nost nostrade right here should have held a runner because but i mean i don't i don't want to give anybody fomo demons and i'm not saying i should have just held the whole trade but i should have just held you know a runner because i did have extended targets but at the end of the day that's not a crazy problem to have it's pretty easy to fix so i said do i find it exhausting absolutely not i love it i love every minute of trading i enjoy it
um that's great do you check um canadian japanese chart please sure yeah i actually have it already charted up um what i'm waiting on is a return up to one of these zones because same bias before we still have this sell side liquidity engineered the daily draw on liquidity
Really, it's arguable you could say is right here. I would be probably out of a trade in full here, but I'm going to be looking for sales down into the sell side liquidity.
I'm actually just going to delete this so I don't confuse anybody or myself. But four hour came up as institutional candle rate of liquidity. Internal break of structure. The downside came up into that newly introduced supply. Respected the supply. So now we have a flip zone right here. So ideally, I don't know if I'll be watching it because Monday, I think that Forex is still open on 4th of July because it's an American holiday, but not an international one. And the yen.
was going to be moving still normally on the fourth so if i miss it whatever but you guys for you watching look for price to become rebalanced here fill that inefficiency come into this supply zone it doesn't even have to fill it all the way you could really you know watch this whole zone right there but wait for price to come up in here and do the same thing it gave us over here just 15 minute sign a weakness right same stuff price rebalances one minute break structure the downside and execute the trade
And at this point, I would be targeting down here. I'd be trimming at a recent low, but that would be the final target. Yeah, pretty much is because I don't know when to apply the double change of structure, right? Because I can see there is a double break of structure, right? Right. There's one right here and there's one right here.
so if the train is with us we can literally short from the second record structure yeah you can look for shorts upon like personally i wouldn't just set a limit but if you see the 15 minute come up into this zone right and then we go down to the 15 minute and we see that's ugly if you see something like this um you know price comes up into this zone
And then it changes character. We get that internal low. This doesn't have to be swing structure. It's an internal low. Then you have a new supply zone. Price comes into it on a one minute. Switch is bearish in the one minute. That's your execution. You can stop loss above here if you're okay with the wrist reward or above here. Does that sense? Yeah, thank you. Of course. I appreciate you. I like when people actually ask questions too. Buy side liquidity being engineered there.
You might even see a reaction from this zone right here. That's a nice little flip zone when we were finding out of the 15 minutes. So you can watch that zone as well. All right, guys. I'm going to hop off here.
Tomorrow, we got a class. It's going to be at noon Eastern time. It'll be recorded for those who won't be able to make it. But I hope to see you guys there. And I really appreciate you guys tuning in. If you have any questions, anything you don't need, a link for the trading journal on Notion, whatever, let me know. I got you. But until tomorrow, I'll see you guys later. Peace.
