I flipped the trading account from $9,000 to over $150,000. And over the next six hours, you're going to watch me do it live. Let's take a look at my broker statement to show you the proof. All right, guys. So here we are on tradeofate.com. As you can see, this is their domain. I wanted to do a live login together because, you know, a lot of people are just going to show you some screenshot, but screenshots can very easily be faked. As you see, we're logged in and we have live trading. Boom. Click start trading.
After this, we're going to go over here to reports. We're going to go to the date range of when I started this challenge, which was November 5th. And today is February 25th. As you can see, gross P&L, $148,000. After fees and commissions, $143,000. This is a live account again. And we have a total account balance of $153,000. Now, today I made $7,500. And you guys will see that later in the video. But first, I want to make something really clear.
These results are not typical. I'm not telling you guys you guys are going to go out and do this. Most people lose money at trading. I've been doing this for almost 10 years. So buckle up and enjoy the video. Use the timestamps to scrub around. And I hope this makes a big impact on your trading because whenever I first started trading, all I wanted to do was see the execution. So I put this video together for you guys. Enjoy. This is absolutely crazy. Right now I'm up 35K. And as you can see, this is my live account. Making my old net worth in about 20 minutes. So can't complain.
All right, guys, so I just entered this trade based on the volume profile and price action. I wanted to break it down for you. As you can see here, I am trading on a live account. You can see it's USD, trade of eight. Just wanted to break that down because there are a lot of jokers in this space. Now, the reason I took this trade is pretty simple. If we look and zoom out here and go to a higher time frame, what you can see is that we're trading at the value area high of this day. Now, this day...
also opened up outside of previous value which gives us a little bit of a bearish bias now something else to keep in mind is that this you know profile is since sunday because we had a holiday yesterday which was martin luther king day now this also combined with the fact that i want you to look over here we came to the edge of this value right if we mark out where the edge was like this whole like high volume node as you can see the market kind of peaked over the top of it and then what else did we get
Well, we got our lower time frame entry confirmation with this market structure shift. So it's literally just finding key levels, right? I found the key level with the value area high. We're also trading into this area of liquidity, if you want to call it that, a swing point. And then we're trading on the edge of that value area. Now, something else gave me a little bit of an edge here as well, which is bookmap. Now, I've been watching bookmap this morning, and what I've started to notice here is that there's a lot of aggressive buying that's getting absorbed. Now, I want you to be...
Very aware that this can be a lot simpler than your brain's thinking. You're probably thinking, you know, oh my gosh, this is so complicated. It's not. You're just looking at aggressive buying or selling with these bubbles, and then you're looking at limit orders with these heat maps. What you want to see if you're looking for a bearish reversal trade is a lot of aggressive buying without much follow-through, getting absorbed. And then you want to see the market very sensitive to selling if you're trying to sell. Now sensitive, what I mean when I say sensitive is that when we get sells,
and the market hits into these sell walls, these buyers get quickly overwhelmed because I want you to notice how much energy we get when the market starts to sell, right? It's very sensitive to selling pressure. This means that there is an imbalance beginning between buyers and sellers. Now, another thing I want you to pay attention to is the amount of times we've had these aggressive buys come up into these sell walls, and then the market sells off. And if you look at market structure over on your higher time frame, as you can see, the market's barely peaking over each high. This is what we call
trapping traders. So smarter money has to enter the market through limit orders.
So if we're looking at it from this perspective and smart money is entering through limits, meaning they're waiting for the retail cattle and the herds to try to push through. They come in and there's a lot of aggressive buying. They're going to passively sell with limit orders, which you can literally visualize here in the software. So we see a lot of limit orders, a lot of aggressive buying into it, but no follow through. If you see aggressive buying, but no follow through, that means someone else is selling everything they want to buy. And then some, because that means an imbalance of sellers to buyers. Now what's going to happen.
to all these buyers if they get overwhelmed. And if we zoom out, we can see this has been happening all morning. What's gonna happen to these buyers is that they're gonna eventually exit their trades, okay? So we see a lot of buying coming into the market. Now, some of this buying was rewarded earlier. Like we see down here, this buying was rewarded. But as we get up into these areas where there were passive sellers, which is our key levels, this is why it's important to only use these concepts at key levels. As we got into those areas, you see that the buyer started getting absorbed.
and there wasn't really a push through. We might have tried to make another high, but sellers are holding them down. So this is the foundation for a very strong trade because you're seeing a lot of volume, kind of everybody's rushing in to buy at a level you would look to sell anyways, and you have a little bit of a bearish bias based on the volume profile. Then you can take this and wait for your entry model and have a lot more confidence and edge in the trade because we can see that this displacement that's happening, it's not just any displacement.
Now, you also can see that I have my stop a little bit wider than this point. You're probably wondering why. Well, if we look over here at the book map, or I should say the order book, we can see there's a large sell wall up here towards that area, that 435, 430, just really the 430s in general. Now, when I entered, the market was up a little bit higher. I would be looking to scale my stops down, but whenever I entered, which was pretty close to the top, I still had enough risk to reward.
where i could give myself that extra bit of room because i can see that there is a cell wall just below that i might want to give myself room for that cell wall to do its job in case those sellers win so typically what i want to see in order to move my stops and kind of de-risk or even start to scale out is if we get some kind of push and structure create a new high and then go lower so something along the lines of you know this right here that's kind of what i would like to see um before moving up stops now in terms of targets when i look at this
day and I look at this profile, I look at it like we might say a little bit of chop here. But if we get through this area, we've got this point of control right around this 330 area. But based on just the general price action here, if we do get past this, which this is where I'll look to start managing the trade a little bit, I do think we could possibly get a new low of day. Now, if we get a new low of day, that could be a really, really big day for me. And it's important for me to not get married to that idea. I have my limits down here.
But if I see something, once I get to these problem areas that makes me think that buyers may be stepping in or that it may be a good time to take profits, it's important to stay aware of that and stay cognizant of that as well.
So that being said, I want to watch this trade, kind of update you guys on how it unfolds. Some things that I don't want to see is a lot of these sellers getting engulfed, a lot of these sellers getting trapped. I don't want to see that. I would like to see us hold under this 25,400 area. We're starting to see some of these limits move to the downside. I want to see these passive sellers control the market. I don't want to see aggressive buyers start to really pass through it. So the longer we stay down here as well, even if we don't...
you know, put in new structure, I can look to scale up my risk as well, because I don't want to see the side of the market that I'm on start to get overwhelmed. You know, if we're trading this reversal based on the logic of all these, you know, market buyers are getting absorbed, we want to see the market, you know, price action prove that to us, if you will, we want to see continued downward structure, we want to see acceptance under lows, we don't want to see buyers stepping in and taking control.
So, you know, I try not to camp on this software too much past entry, but just for educational purposes. And hopefully this is simplifying it to you guys because a lot of people, I think they just shut off to this stuff. But again, all you're trying to tell here is who's in control of the market based on our aggressive traders, whether it's aggressive buyers or aggressive sellers, are they getting rewarded, right? If a bunch of people come in and buy, does the market start to keep pushing?
Or does it hit into a key level that may be resistance and start to pause? It's just helping you confirm. Now, you always want to pair this as well with your price action. As we see, we got this market structure shift up here. So it's just adding a little bit of an edge and a layer to what you're already doing. So it's very simple stuff. It may seem complicated. It does have a little bit of a learning curve, but it can give you a very, very large edge in your trading. So where we're at at this point right here, I would like to go ahead and move my stops up to the entry.
just because we're starting to get accepted under this low. We've hung out under it for a while. If I look back here, remember, up under this 400, there's quite a few sell walls. I don't want to see all these traders get too trapped. And then worst case scenario, let's say if the market does come to my entry and it still is a good sell, I can always reenter. But it's important to manage your risk.
on these trades and make sure that you know you're not just letting a trade run against you for no reason very very important um and it's important not to get married to a trade either you know i think that a lot of times when people have uh trading psychology issues or have mismanagements of trades or you know they get anxious a lot it's because they get too attached to a situation meaning that
They do all this homework to get into a trade. And then by the time the trade comes around, they're so personally invested in it that the trade like has to work for them or they have to take it. Or if it doesn't work, they overtrade. Right. Another thing that I know I used to struggle with was whenever I would do a lot of homework for a trade, I almost like felt like I was entitled to it winning. You know, I didn't want to bring my stops up to entry because that would mean that I had to secure a break even. I didn't want to.
admit that I was wrong on the idea because that meant that all the work I did was for nothing. And I went through this cycle of when this would happen, I would almost tell myself, you know, subconsciously, oh, you know, this is why, you know, you shouldn't have to do all this homework. Just, you got to just trade based off, you know, feel or all these things, because even when you do all the homework, it doesn't work. And it's a really toxic way to think. Your brain wants to justify gambling. Remember that your brain wants to rationalize whatever caused you the least amount of immediate pain.
And for a lot of people, gambling as a trader obviously causes you long-term pain, but it does alleviate the immediate pain of FOMO or of not being in the market. So it's kind of like a weird thing that our monkey brains do to us. You know, we take short-term gratification over long-term gratification because we're built based on survival. So something to remember, kind of just to try to hack your own brain. And whenever you do this and you truly detach from each trade, you detach from the outcome, you're able to see the lens from more of a emotionless,
objective perspective thus making better decisions not getting so emotional about things not getting too tied up in every little bit of price action or every little micro movement and keeping your eyes open to like what's really going on so right here as you can see looks like these sellers are still absorbing the buyers and this is kind of what i was talking about we had all the the cell walls
Now, it's not like the buyers are just going to immediately hit into this and then just rush away from it. That's kind of why earlier when I had my stops up here, I didn't have them right where the sell wall started. I had them above it. So as you can see here, we had a lot of buying. And if you zoom in, it'll aggregate the data and show you exactly what happened. We had a lot of aggressive buying into all these passive sellers. But then the market, boom, tipped over. And now we're seeing a sensitive to selling.
And now these buyers are starting to get trapped as well. So the goal is we want to see this kind of price action continue where there's a light amount of profit taking, a little bit of buyers step in, and then they are overwhelmed by sellers. And we want to see that because that's visualizing the imbalance of sellers and buyers in real time. And if you want to be in a short position, you want there to be an imbalance between sellers and buyers. You want there to be more sellers and them have control. So it's a really...
It seems complicated, but it's really not that complicated. Now I'm going to put my stops up to this point of structure, secure not really anything, probably just fees, maybe a couple bucks, a couple McChickens. But let's see if this trade can't continue in our direction. I like the setup so far. It looks good. This is exactly what you want to see happen. Kind of what I talked about, right? We wanted to see the market move up and make another leg down, which we haven't made a leg down. We're still getting to the bottom of this, but it does look good to do so. So we'll see how this unfolds.
and kind of just give it a little bit of breathing room now that we've seen what we wanted out of the trade. And, you know, this morning has been a long one. I've been sitting here waiting and waiting for this setup. A little mentally exhausting because I've been watching literally since 930. So it's been almost three hours now, two and a half hours. So, you know, happy that things are starting to at least, you know, don't want to jinx us, play out in our direction somewhat. So we'll see how this.
pans out. Now, typically, again, what I want to see here, I want to see continued aggression down. I want to see pushes under these lows and holding under the lows. What I don't want to see, again, is buyers starting to overwhelm sellers and take control. Again, just the way, how do we determine that? What is the market sensitive to? Are buyers able to smash through, or are sellers able to smash through some of these little buy walls? You see what I'm saying? It's really not as complicated as one may think.
It's just seeing who is in control based on sensitivity. That's the way I like to look at it. Who is absorbing the other side? And then once you have both sides in unison, like we say, a lot of aggressive selling and the market is moving aggressive in our direction after we have identified absorption, that is where you can be very confident that you're in a good trade. And that's how I've been able to catch a lot of the bigger trades that you guys see me catch and why I have confidence to hold on to them. So that's how we're getting a lot of aggressive selling. We want to see this kind of stuff.
push through now you can literally get very granular with this stuff you don't really have to get all that green in fact i think that if anything it can be for most people it can be a little bit more overwhelming so typically what i like to look at keep the intervals around like two minutes maybe one minute you notice down here there's no time frames on bookmap you're just zooming to look how much time you're viewing and then it'll aggregate the data relative to you know what you're looking at but you can get a little bit more granular to see like you know if you zoom out it just shows like a large amount of sellers down here but as you can see
They were kind of creating all throughout this move. Same thing with the buyers on the way up. So sometimes that can help in determining what areas you really want to see defended when you're watching. And you'll notice a lot of times, too, these line up with key levels that you're already watching as well. Like we've got a fair value gap up here.
And then you also will see, and this isn't always the case, a lot of fair value gaps aren't really valid, so to speak. But you want to see, did this fair value gap happen after an absorption or after an imbalance in the market with a lot of volume? That's kind of what you want to look for. So I want to see these buyers get absorbed rather quickly, or I might take the trade. Might not even have enough time to. So out of that trade for a small dub, we'll see if we can catch another opportunity.
So what I want to see here, I don't really want to see this whole move get overtaken again because we've seen this happen quite a few times here at this level. If that does happen, if anything, I would see more of an opportunity for longs into the gap. I'm not overly biased to shorts if they get disproven. Up until this point, I think that they still are on the table, but I always want to keep my eyes open to if I'm wrong because I do like the way we're rejecting from this area.
We're kind of bouncing off the point of control, bouncing off this. I think the market's kind of indecisive here. If we start to get some energetic moves to the upside, we could get a trade back up to this 470 to 500 area. As long as we stay under this, though, it would still be open to sales. And what I would be looking for is another clear displacement down with these moves kind of getting overtaken. Now, what I don't really like about the sell narrative now is that, see how we created a low here. We held under it for a while. But the second low, we just kind of...
barely pushed beyond it and didn't displace and then we see a reaction so to me that kind of shows a trap down here that there are still some kind of buyers in the market or some kind of indecisiveness and again notice we started to see a lack of sensitivity from sellers right selling or from the the sell side of the market i should say and and buyers started the tipping point here which is not what we want to see after we hit into an area we're looking to sell from i'm not usually it's not like a there's no such thing as like a be-all end-all but it's
typically not ideal. It's why we took that trade for a small win, and I'd move my stops up. If we start to see these sellers take control again, that could provide logic for another sell. Another thing you can watch is where the move started from in terms of sellers getting into the market or aggressive selling, and this is around that 400 to 408. If you zoom in, it'll be roughly. We can see that there is some sellers stepping in at this area. Now, what we want to see is price reflect that. We don't want to see, because if we see these guys get overwhelmed,
then that idea is kind of toast, right? Because they're not in the market or in control. That's the way we need to interpret it. I'm also looking at these buyers over here, kind of the buyers in this move up, seeing if they get overtaken. So as you can see now, some of the selling is starting to get rewarded. I do like the opportunity for another sell. So I'm going to take one, another 10 contracts. Stops are going to be back up above. Oops, it's locked to a tool. Oh, it's on the drawing tool. That's why.
Let me move this really quickly. Stops are going to be back above this area over here, just at this recent high. Same logic as before. Again, we got stopped for a small win on the last trade. So the idea is still valid, like I said, as long as we're staying below this high. And then as far as the take profit, I'm going to keep this open. Obviously, this is down towards that low. But the logic hasn't changed. It's like the only thing, again, as you can see, that the market had a little bit of a retrace, didn't really see what we wanted. But these buyers are getting absorbed. If I zoom in a little bit more.
Be a little bit clearer. We had these buyers here and these buyers here. And we came back to where the sell-off kind of started and that level got defended. And we can also see now the market is regaining that sensitivity to selling. And again, this goes hand-on-hand with price action. We had this original market structure shift, kind of came above, trapped some traders above here. And you're visualizing this with data. You see, it's not just based on like ICT conspiracy. It's based on...
being able to actually confirm whether it's happening or not. And whenever you have this kind of edge in the market, it removes so much of the emotion because the human mind is going to latch onto numbers. Just like whenever I show you guys, hey, I'm trading on a live account and you can see that, that removes a lot of the doubt you have about me. That's why I show it to you. If a trading influencer doesn't show you that, they're probably not trading on a live account. Now, the reason I say that is because everyone knows that gives you total trust.
and proof in what you're doing, which is watching this video. You're risking your time to spend with me to learn from me. And when I show you that, it gives proof. And proof is the number one way to be able to take risk without emotion. Now, why am I telling you this? Well, because we look at the overall data in the market and we see that same proof that there are a lot of buyers getting trapped and sellers are taking over and pushing them to the downside or pushing the market to the downside, showing an imbalance. That gives you proof.
of what you're usually looking for when you're trading ICT. So you see how these things can be very powerful in removing a lot of your emotion and giving you that edge and helping you make decisions with confidence and helping you swing the bat again whenever you have to, helping you keep your composure whenever maybe you are wrong on the short term or maybe we get stopped out at entry like you saw, or I guess for a little small profit. But it just helps you keep a clear mind and know a little bit more what to expect. And again, that...
alone will remove a lot of the emotional problems you have from your trading which inherently will remove a lot of your problems as a trader because whenever you have a clear system and you have confidence in it you know it's not going to be like uh emotion tends to remove itself a lot of people think emotion is going to remove itself from you know watching or reading trading in the zone or something like that no you know you have to have something you have confidence in because at the end of the day trading psychology is quite literally just trusting in that over time
Just going to leave my stops where they're at for now. Not super aggressive on moving these up just yet. Kind of same with the last trade.
So just waiting, letting this thing do its thing, giving it some breathing room, not too aggressive on anything. So as you can see, continued sensitivity to sellers. Again, I don't try to micromanage this. I'm just trying to show you guys. Usually I wouldn't really be watching this too aggressively until we come to inflection points, but I like to see how these buyers are getting trapped. I want to see more aggressive to the downside though. I will say that, especially like as we get under this point of structure. Typically what you want to see is a nice flush. You want to see more.
pushes to the downside. You don't want to just see what I like to call dilly-dallying. You want to see the market slip. If we don't see that, it's likely just going to end up chopping around and being indecisive. That's also coming down here to that point of control. If you look at the numbers around that 330, might have moved a little bit because it's developing, but we're right under that point of control. So these areas you can start to see chop from. Typically, if I'm going to see expansion, I want to see it occur through this if we're going to get a big move. But for now, I'll let the
trade brief, not really too interested in moving stops up or anything. Another thing to watch is now we're getting back down to these areas that buyers have tried to defend a couple times. There's just a little couple ways you can use these tools, kind of seeing where people are positioned. Also, it's the same data, like same kind of stuff you're doing with the volume profile, but just a little bit of a different perspective and way to visualize the data. All right, so now we are getting some decent movement. Take a look back here and just kind of show you guys.
Just a little bit of a play-by-play so you can learn from it. Like I said before, we want to see this kind of aggressive selling get followed through. And as you can see, sellers are definitely in control at this time. What we want to watch for now is this to continue. I like this setup. I like how we're starting to push towards or past the point of control. If you go back out and look at this 30-minute, it'll show us the profile of the day. There we go.
Trying to push past that now. So usually when that happens, another level you can look for, if it coincides with price action, is going to be down towards the value area low of the day. Another thing, again, like we have a little bit of a bearish bias, just based on the stuff that I went over earlier, where we're opening up below that gap. Pair that with the rejection from this value area high with the breakout, or I should say breakdown, of this point of control, along with everything else we've been talking about.
You know, a lot of buyers getting trapped. I do like this setup for a possible big move. So I'm holding this for now. Interested to see how this unfolds. And I'll keep you guys updated along the way.
Now again, notice how we came to the edge of this value up here. The edge of this value, that's what you always want to pay attention to, is these edges of value and how the market responds to it. Now, of course, there was also the value area high at that area. But my point here is to show you that at the end of the day, if you can get good key levels, everything else becomes rather simple. Now, yes, we had to take one trade and take a break even. I could have just left my stops where they were, but I'm...
I'm happy with that decision. I ended up making a little bit of money on it, and I was able to get back in the move. Sure, would I have made more money if I would have just stayed in the original position? Maybe I'll reflect on that, and after the trade's said and done, when I do my journaling, I will come to that conclusion that was a mistake. I know that it's not going to be, though, because over my trading career, I've realized that if you let your losers run against you too hard, when there's not logical sense to, like, for example, we look at this trade. We are in from up here. We got to move down.
The market made a move up and then had a nice displacement. After that, you know, a lot of times when trades come back above that, you're going to end up seeing it go higher. So us making that into a small winner and giving us the potential to still get in the trade like we did here, that is how I prefer to manage my trading. You know, this is kind of the boring stuff they might not talk about on.
a typical quick YouTube video, but this is really what it takes to have the composure that you're gonna need to to have big days to be able to make the money that you want to that got you into trading in the first place, okay? So again, guys, these are the gems, if you will, more so than just learning how to spot market structure or how to spot a fair value gap, right? As we all know, trading is definitely more based on how you actually execute and implement the knowledge that you learn. So now we're starting to really get a good breakdown here. I'd love to see some aggression.
I want to see continued aggression, most likely start managing my trade in terms of scaling up stops shortly because now we're starting to get to where, again, like I showed you earlier, we're coming back down into these areas where there were a lot of buyers earlier this morning and we're starting to break through them. As you can see, this is around that 300 to 330 range. If you zoom in, it's going to, again, aggregate the data a little bit differently. But a lot of the buying happened here at that open. So we're now revisiting that open, which is this candle over here.
These are the areas we might start to see problems from. So where I'm at right now, I'll let the trade do its thing, but I am going to be keeping a little bit of a closer eye on it. I'm also going to go ahead and move my stops up to entry here. So we've de-risked the trade and may even move my stops up or take profits depending on the price action we get. Because we've got a decent bit of profits floating here. Not really a reason yet, in my opinion, to take profits because sellers are still in control. Yeah, it's kind of just the logic of where I'm at right now.
Nice how we're starting to see lower prices after sellers are stepping into the market. You can get more granular with this. Again, I prefer not to get too, too in the weeds with it. Like five minute intervals, all the way down to really even two minute intervals is fine. But I think once you get past it, this is really all you want to focus on for entry. You don't want to just be micromanaging your trades. Typically, I like to keep it a little bit more high level when I'm already in a trade that's making a good move. So another thing I see a lot of traders do with these tools, they'll psych themselves out.
And they'll start to overthink things. And that's where mistakes happen. So, you know, it's better to use data when it's useful to you and kind of remove it from your perspective whenever you're not going to be taking decisions based on it. Because right now, I'm just mainly watching price action, right? Like we have a nice big move in between us and price. We've got our stops at entry. I'm not super, super worried about keeping a...
close eye on on bookmap right now it's more so just watching do we continuously get follow through in price another thing to watch is you know we've got this low right over here right there kind of trading back under that little low of this consolidation just another level to watch we've got these lows as well don't really want to see the market get back above these areas i got my stops at entry right now may end up moving these shortly depending on how the market unfolds another level we can watch here is that point of control
right up here at 350 now once we see these aggressive buyers step in typically what you want to see after uh they step in you don't want to see too much rewardance of that i know that's a word you don't want to see them get rewarded too much and you want to see them trapped okay so again that's the kind of the cycle you want to see repeat itself is buyers step in for a short amount of time maybe a short little pop but they don't it doesn't hold and then they get absorbed again it's to be expected to have some you know you're not going to just have straight movement in your direction the whole time but it's really about how does the market respond
when it moves against you. Like how much, how sustained is that move? How powerful is that move? How much follow through does that move have? These are the kinds of questions you should ask yourself. And ideally you want to see sellers kind of step in and take control. The quicker they do this, the more aggressive the move is likely to continue. And the longer it takes, the more likely that move might be dying out.
So notice how there was buyers stepping in right here. And then we're starting to see more sensitivity from just a little bit of selling, right? Not a ton of selling and not a ton of volume is still tipping the scale, so to speak. So what we want to see is these buyers to get absorbed. Again, you want to continuously see that if this trade is going to continue. You want to see not a lot of passive buying either down below. You see there's a little bit of a buy wall down here. It keeps moving lower. Now if we hit into those with, you want to see that aggressive selling bust through those.
Now, if we can get a nice displacement on the downside and get energy, you know, we can move our stops up and kind of trail our stops up to this new point of structure that we just made because we can validate that there were buyers trapped there.
This trade's got to hit, guys. It's my fiance's birthday, so this is for you, babe. So as you can see, getting a nice reaction. And whenever we can see these things in price, in terms of like, you know, sellers getting trapped or buyers getting trapped in this example, you see a large wick to the upside, which means there were a lot of buyers, but then obviously sellers stepped in and took control, right? That's how you visualize the same thing on a candlestick chart. Now, you usually want to validate that with some other kind of data, because as you can see, we had...
Buyers step in, like I just said, and sellers regain control. And now we see these sellers are aggressively pushing the market down. So again, hopefully this simplifies this tool to you guys because a lot of people really, really overcomplicate this stuff. And I'm more about just removing the fluff and making complicated things simple because if something's not simple to you, then you won't be able to use it.
And, you know, we're here to do one thing, which is to make money. And we don't want to make anything harder than it needs to be. That's kind of like what I'm all about. We see nice responsiveness, nice sensitivity to the sellers stepping in. Price is responding pretty nicely to that.
And you can look for these kind of moves. Once you hit into these, you want to see this acceleration continue. The longer it goes on, the more you want from the market. Like if you're in a big move and the market's already made a big move, if you want it to continue, you need like undeniable just control of your side. Because after so long, you know, every move comes to an end, at least at some point, right? For the short term. So to determine whether or not that move's coming into an end, you want to see the continued acceleration and aggression.
You know, the more aggressive the move is happening, the less time it takes when it pauses. The more clear things are. That is when you want to hold on to trades. You know, past that, you don't really want to be overly aggressive. Now what I'm going to do is move up my stops up above this point in structure right here. Secure a little bit more gains and kind of watch to see if we need to move stops up again.
We can continuously see these orders moving lower. I could go way more and complicate all this and use a bunch of big terms, but I just want to teach you guys exactly what you need to know. We saw a little bit of buy step in, getting overwhelmed. Again, this is the kind of price action we want to see in order to get this kind of continued bearish move. The longer we stay around here, the more responsiveness you get to these areas, the more...
I start to look to kind of scale out of my trade or scale my risk, my stop losses up. So another way I like to do this is kind of looking where the largest amount of cells were coming in, getting an idea of where these traders might be positioned because it can give you levels you don't want to see overtaken. Our stops right now are at this 336. I was looking around 310, but I like this setup so far, so I'm going to just keep it where it's at. I don't want to get too aggressive with it.
So we're starting to hit a little bit of a pause. As you can see, we're hitting into some of these limits. So far, what you don't want to see is kind of like the opposite of what we used to get into this trade. So notice how we're hitting now a lot of passive buyers, where there's an area that's passive buyers. We want to see aggressive sellers overwhelm them. We do not want to see aggressive sellers get absorbed here, so to speak, meaning we don't want to see a bunch of selling happen and not much price action to the downside, right? So if we see...
There's some decent amount of selling here. Nothing crazy in terms of volume. Definitely a lot more volume on the way down. But you don't want to see too much energy to the upside. We've got our stops placed at that 336 mark right now. Decent ways away. So in these situations, I tend to just give the market a little bit of breathing room, understand that we might see the market move a little bit against us. We're also coming down towards this edge of value. But in these situations, it's a balance, right? You don't want to be too lenient.
and let the market run against you. Sometimes that will happen. We also don't want to be too aggressive either. Now, the balance I like to do is find an area where, you know, if the market hits into that level, I protect a good amount of my position, but I also am not just being aggressive with the level for no reason, right? And because the thing is, guys, remember, we got in one trade earlier, got stopped out for a small gain. Now we've got in, we've now had a large gain, or well, you know, we've secured a decent gain at least.
So the same logic holds, you know, like we could do the same thing hypothetically if we did, like let's say we move our stops up and, you know, it's better to manage your risk and protect your gains than it is to lean on the other side. Because a lot of times traders have FOMO of what happens if I get stopped out and the trade could have been my bazillion dollar day. Well, you know, I guarantee if you found a lot of your old trades, if you would have just held on them forever, you'd, you know, you'd be rich, but that's just not how it works. So it's all about a balance of doing these things.
So when I look at this, you know, we've got a lot of sales at this 25, 295 area, you know, I could say 25, 300, a lot of these 25, 310 roughly. So I don't really want to see these guys get too overwhelmed, right? I really would like to not see these guys get overwhelmed. So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to take my stops and I'm just going to move them up just a little bit more up to this 315 area.
and give myself a little bit more protection. Nothing crazy. I mean, it knocks off about 21 points, which on a 10 contract trade, it's fairly decent size. And this gives us a little bit of room for the market to play around before if it's going to make another leg down. But if the market does start to rebound from here, we are protected. Now I'll continue to watch if we get some more price action on the downside or anything indicating.
buyers getting trapped, I will likely move up that stop again, just like I did over here. And you can see it's kind of just following the same process. And this is one of the things that was a really big breakthrough for me from being a good trader to a great trader was understanding how to hold on to winners and how to cut losers, right? And I look at a loser in a sense, like let's say from here, it's a loser up, you know what I mean? So how to cut that losing, it's losing value, even though you didn't net loss in the trade, it's still losing from its peak value. It's from its peak, you know, your investment from its, you know, you have to think of it like that.
That's how I think of it. When you do this, it's kind of a cyclical process of reevaluating the logic, whether or not to be in the trade, right? And the reason I moved my stops up around this 315 area is because I look, okay, well, there's a lot of sellers. I look like, okay, who continued this move, right? Like when we had this continued move to the downside, I would say that, you know, these buyers got trapped, but we don't want to see sellers lose control. We don't want to see the most amount of sellers get out of the market because we saw there's a lot of sellers in that 315 to around 300 area.
So if the market comes to these areas, if they're still going to be in those positions, if sellers are still in control, we're likely going to defend those positions, right? That's kind of how you have to think of it whenever you are trading a continuation and looking to hold on. Because if not, you kind of fall victim to just wanting to hold on to your trade forever and keeping your stops too wide. Another thing you could pay attention to is kind of where the sell walls or the limit walls are, right? So you can see that there is a lot of sellers that are passively waiting here.
But I'm more so paying attention to this over here. Now, if we see aggressive buying into this and then another move down, that would give me a new place to move my stops and more conviction in the trade. But again, this is my style of like, you know, almost always my trade will get taken out of the trailing stop. Very rarely do I just fully exit the trade unless we hit like a very, very distant target that, you know, or hit like an extension of the average range of the last 14 days, things like that to where it's very low probability we continue.
you know, typically I'm just kind of like watching what the market's doing. And this has allowed me to get a lot bigger average risk reward per trade. I don't believe in like just pre-planning everything too much because you don't know what's going to happen. I think that you want to find an opportunity and then manage risk around that opportunity as long as it's still there, right?
So now what we want to see again is we want to see these buyers hitting into this sell wall, and we want to see them get absorbed. Now the quicker that happens, the more conviction we have in a continuation. You guys can see it's the same thing over and over again. It's pretty simple. Seeing where big trades occurred, do they defend? Once the market hits into it, do they absorb the other side? That's how you can tell whether the market's likely to continue or not. What we'll really do is once we start to bust under these areas where we had buyers on the way up.
We're at 270 to 290 region, kind of what we're falling into right now. Again, like, there's going to be people probably, oh, you could, this is, they're not at three, or they're not at 283. Like, I understand that. It's just an average, it's aggregating data based on the way I have the axes put, but, you know, you don't have to get insanely, you know, micromanaging with this. A lot of people like to do that because it makes them feel smart, but when you really look at what actionable information you're gaining from it, a lot of times it's bar, you know, little to none.
And at these moments, you just let the market do its thing. Leave your stops replaced and let them do their job. Might end up getting ticked out here, but if we do, we still have plus 10K. Really a little bit more with that last trade as well. Just letting it do its thing. Getting up towards these ask walls or limit. I've been trying to use simpler terminology. Ask is just, there's people, they're asking this price for it. That's how you want to think about it.
So this is what we want to see, see if this can continue. It doesn't really confirm anything yet, but this is the beginning. You can start to see there is a decent amount of volume into this, these cells, and then now it seems like they're getting absorbed right around this level where the big trades were put in earlier. Now we want to see more than just what you see here, but this is the beginning of that. The more sensitivity we see to the selling and the more we get these buyers trapped, the more convicted we can be in a continuation of the trade.
And you can see our stops are literally right up here. You can actually probably see them in this cluster up here. I'm going to go ahead and move my stops up just a little bit above this. I'll just put them right here at this. I was going to put my 310, but...
Just put it at the top of the structure. There's a lot of patience, a lot of waiting, a lot of just letting the market develop to help you influence your decisions. That's why I always like to say that trading is more of a game of reacting than it is predicting and just managing risk around that. Obviously, we have to predict some things, like we're trying to predict which direction the market's going, et cetera. But I'm reacting to how the market responds once it goes a little bit in my direction to determine whether or not I want to take the trade or if I want to hold the trade or if I want to move my stops up, right? You have to...
use data from the market to tell you these things rather than just trying to predict 10 moves ahead. You see a lot of newer traders try to like, you know, they'll draw like what they think is going to happen. They'll say this is going to happen. We're going to come to this fair value gap. And while that's kind of like cute and fun and stuff, it's not really how you make money. And you guys need to be focused on actually making money, not just analysis and, you know, stupid stuff that a lot of people focus on. Now, I'm thinking I need to pay attention to here. Notice how relative to the last five days.
This area down here is a low volume area. We've traded into it once. If we don't get reactions from it and you get energy into it and sellers are in control, you could get a nice flush. These are the kind of moves that you're going to be patient for and make sure that you're managing yourself and able to catch these moves if they come. Now we're getting back down towards all the way at the opening price down here at 245 area, which once we get under the open, we can say that all buyers that are new to this day
would be in the red, right? I mean, literally, if they bought today, since the open, if you go lower than the low of day, then they're going to be in the red, right? So once that happens, and if you start to see accelerating price action, that's, you know, people are going to be kind of taking their losses on the long side, and the market can react to it aggressively. As we can kind of see here, buyers started to get trapped, sellers are getting rewarded, we want to see that continued. You also want to see the bid and ask move down, like as you can see, not like the current, but like the walls.
I'd still say, I mean, there's not like necessarily extremely bought in yet that it's going to continue because we are pausing for a lot longer than I'd like. But our stops are above this area up here and we can kind of rest assured and just let the market do its thing.
All right, so now we've got another leg down. As you can see, just like I've been telling you guys, continued sellers taking over buyers, right? We see these buyers try to step in, get trapped, a lot of sellers step in, and then we see the market actually reward that. It's been a long time I've been in this trade, but you know, there's a saying that I like to follow and that it is when it's raining money outside, you better stand outside with a bucket no matter how tired you get. So you're in this situation.
Kind of have like continued selling down through this leg. I don't really see a gray area to move stops up other than just putting them up to a round number. And also you can put them on the other edge of this value. I like this 300 area. So I'm just going to move stops up to 300. A little bit under 300. And kind of just let this thing run. See how it fans out.
All right, so up almost 30,000 now. Starting to get a nice slip. This is kind of what I've been waiting on. We want to see this energy continued. So at this time, I'm going to move up my stops down to this 260 mark, kind of like the beginning of this candle. Actually down to this two, I'll go down just above 250. So we definitely want to be a little bit more aggressive with our trade management now.
So now we're in that mode where the trade's kind of in free fall. This is what we want. It's kind of what we work for. So we want to kind of let the market do its thing, not get too micromanaging, but also not let a good trade go bad. It's really hard to go bad at this point because obviously we're up a tremendous amount of money, but no matter what, we're walking out of the day with a nice bag. So I'm happy for that. As we can see, again, lots of sensitivity to selling. We want to see that continued. Notice how there's more selling the further we get down. We want to see that.
We want to set energy continue, right? I cannot stress enough how important that is. Right around here at this 230 area, we see some buyers stepping in. I'm going to go ahead and move my stops up to this 240 area. Just really protect our downside here. Because again, you know, we've got a big move. Insane risk to reward from the start. This trade, whenever we took it, took a sell from up here.
Stops were originally, if I'm not mistaken, right around this 400 area right there. So right now, we're currently running at a 3 to 1. The worst case, we're going to walk in here with 2.7 to 1 return. So I'm happy with that. Don't want to be greedy and don't want to let that turn around on us.
So as we can see, there's quite a few bids here. A lot of sellers selling into it. We don't want to see these sellers getting to absorb. Now, obviously, we've got our stops placed right here above these areas. So we're straight if it does happen. But this is kind of the area where we start to look and say, okay, cool. If we can push through that, that's going to be very strong. But if it doesn't, this might be where the move kind of starts to chill out a little bit. Now, if it does push through this and...
this still does not hold us up when we blast through this, I would expect a very, very aggressive free fall. And you see how these can kind of just give you an overall theme of the market and like what to expect in terms of volatility, what to expect in terms of aggression of the move and really just give you a stronger edge as a trader is really what it does.
So as we can see, there's a large group of sellers that came down. Still like this trade, we've got our stops moved up to where, you know, we're going to come out of here to stay with about 25,000 in profit regardless. Another thing to notice is notice how we're starting to develop more volume here. Like as the market's coming down, you're seeing a lot of volume traded. Little things like that can give you a tell if we stay, keep developing volume here and then fall under it. That shows you that sellers are even more so still in control. But notice how all of this started. We walked this entire move all the way from the top, even took almost break-even trade.
And we still walked out of here making a ton of money. And this is the kind of skills that I want to transpose into you guys, because this is what it takes to be good at trading and make money from trading, not just like the one, two, three, you know, fair value gap. Like it does take a little bit of understanding how to manage a trade, right? Whether you're trading this strategy or not, you do need to understand how you can navigate the markets with confidence, how you can move your stops up, how you can actually let yourself.
have a big winner a lot of traders wouldn't even hold this trade this long right so yeah this is all valuable stuff for you guys hopefully i'm simplifying some of these you know more quote complicated concepts it's kind of like what i always try to do is make it easy and something you can actually use now we can see a lot of sellers coming in and then there's a big big bed wall right here now if we break down through that and start to fall you'll likely see us move down towards these down here and you can see that the market is moving back between each level
and understanding this gives you a perspective on the market unlike anything else where you can really just see things a lot differently than you're used to you can also see the books fairly thin or you're not a lot of liquidity around us usually this will lead to aggressive moves get a lot a lot down here this 190 to 200 area you're starting to see the books get a little thinner above us
So now that we're kind of bussing back under this bid wall right here, we might get a big move. We're definitely going to come down into this. As you can see, these sellers are going to push us down into it. Now, there is a lot. I mean, this would be insane if we broke through that. So what I would like to do now at this point is I would like to, what is this, around this 223. I'm going to move up stops to around this 225, 226 area. We're going to have a 226.
And a tick is where they're at. Okay, cool. Now reason for that, I'm just kind of giving it a little bit of breathing room up above, you know, this little consolidation we got here. Now these could, it could be a spoofed, right? What happens a lot of time if you'll see all this and they'll get removed and they can be to kind of like trick people who are watching this stuff. Now, if we were to see a blast through that, if we get a break under this and hold, then I would say that this thing is going to really fall. But if not, we're probably going to come up and, you know, have our rebound. And that's probably where we'll get exited out of the trade.
We've got stops up at 226 now. If we hold onto this 200 mark in this lower volume area, I think that it could be a pretty aggressive free fall. And we would just kind of let the market do its thing at that point. I think we could even get more aggressive with this and put it at 215 now. I don't think there's much of a reason to let it go much further than that. Even 210, that's where that original bid wall was kind of broken over here. Right above that, even at 210. So giving ourselves enough room at 215, I think. See if we can get a nice flush here. I like the way this is looking.
This is absolutely crazy. Right now I'm up 35k and as you can see, this is my live account. But not all that long ago, things were not like this. I mean, I was literally delivering DoorDash to take trades where I was making 50 to 100 bucks and I wasn't even able to stay consistently profitable for the longest time. And truly, I almost gave up. I almost thought that this wasn't ever going to work out for me. So if you're watching this and you're struggling at trading, understand that you're not stupid.
It's not that you just suck at trading. Trading is just hard. It just takes a while. But once you get it, everything in your life will change so fast that you won't even believe it. Because that was just a couple of years ago. It wasn't like this was a lifetime ago. And sometimes it feels like it's been a lifetime by how much things have changed. But the message I want you guys to get across is to not give up and understand that your life can change in an instant. But only if you lock in right now. All right, so this trade is...
reversing a little bit. We're up 32K, coming closer to our stops. Like I said, I mean, we hit down into that sell wall around that like 190 area, went a little further, but I would be very surprised if it doesn't reverse a little bit. So I did want to give us room in case it does continue down, but either way, we're secured now. We'll walk out of this trade with about, I don't know, what does that come out to? About 30K roughly.
A little over 30K on this trade. So not bad. But yeah, guys, it's kind of crazy just how far things have came. Like I remember days where I would trade for 50 to $100. And now this is kind of like a normal day. So yeah, good stuff. We're out of the trade now. And hopefully this was helpful to you all. I'll probably have this in a very long free course for you guys. If you're watching this, congratulations for paying attention this long because you already have beaten 90% of people. But maybe this is in another video where you're seeing, but I think this is a lot of valuable stuff for you guys. So as always, appreciate you all.
And I'll see you guys in the next one. What's going on, guys? Hope you're enjoying the video. If you are tired of trading alone, I do have a live trading room where I screen share, show you all my executions, break down why I'm taking the trades, and I help you avoid the losing trades. And you just get an overall behind the scenes look at the actual implementation and execution of trading. I know whenever I started trading almost a decade ago.
All I ever wanted was to be able to sit there and actually trade live with my mentor. So if that sounds like something you're interested in, join the live trading room using the link in the top of the description. Hope you guys are enjoying the video. Make sure to be taking notes and I'll see you inside the trading room. All right, so we are here on NASDAQ. It is 947 AM. And originally on this day, I wanted to see if we had a jet down into this zone, really this high volume node, we could even refine this a little bit down towards this area.
and then see if we had a reaction under that, or even really in this low volume node to see if buyers are still in control, right? Are they defending this move that pushed to the upside? Also, I had this high volume node marked out as well. And then I had a target up here of this 26, 100 range, which is 2650 on this high, but on that general range. Now, we've came down pretty aggressively this morning. So now what I'm kind of watching for is to see
Do we get some kind of follow through to kind of push us out of this rut? Now, if we don't, I could possibly even see a short forming. So what I'd be looking for in these situations, you know, we found our levels in the volume profile, right? We've got these different high volume nodes. We want to see if price peaks out on one side of them. How does the market respond? As we can see, the market came down pretty aggressively.
If we were to start seeing buyers step in here, I think that would be bullish, but we haven't really seen what I would want to see to validate, you know, buyer stepping in. Now, why is that? Well, if we look at the one minute, sure, we've got some kind of inversion for value gap, but we don't really have any kind of clear structure. And we also don't really have any kind of clear absorption here on book map. Now, absorption is a pretty basic concept. It's just when you see a tremendous amount of selling that's not rewarded. And if we look, all the selling is rewarded, right? Every time sellers came in.
they were rewarded very handsomely and had big moves down. So what I look at in these moves is like as the market starts to retrace back up into areas where these sellers were present, then does the market absorb buyers, right? Like if you see a lot of buyers come up on a little leg right here and then they get swallowed up, that can give you kind of a continuation style entry. Now, another thing you can do with this is the CBD just to kind of watch and determine whether or not.
There is a smart money behind this move. Now, as you can see right here, we zoom in. We did not make a higher high in price, but we almost have made a higher high in CVD. Typically, you want to see a higher high in CVD and not a higher high in price because think of the CVD here as like retail market traders, okay? They're aggressive people buying at the market level that are trying to push the market up, okay?
Now, a lot of people hate on trading views data. It's typically pretty similar to other data you're going to see. It's not down to the tick and accuracy, but you can also see it over here as well. But right now, what I'm looking at is to see, do these buyers right here get enveloped? Do we want to have that second leg down? Do these sellers at this around this 25, 800 level, do they start to hold the market and push down? Like who stays in control here?
That's kind of what, whenever I don't catch like this very big morning explosive move, I'm looking like all the way down, where were the sellers active and do they stay control? And as you can see right here, we are seeing a little bit of a retrace. So these are going to be where the opportunities are. So typically what I like to see in these scenarios is some kind of divergence on CBD, some kind of market structure, the downside, maybe an engulfing to the downside, a failed bullish attempt is really what we're looking for. So we can see here, we did have some buyers step into the market.
It doesn't seem like they're getting rewarded. So if I do place a trade, my stops are going to be just above this 800 level because I want to see these buyers stay trapped. I do like this overall trade. Another thing I'm noticing is it's not taking much. Let me do this. It's not taking much to push price signs. You see, there's not even a lot of aggressive selling. So I'll put this right at 805, probably 800, and we'll keep a take profit open.
I'll get into this trade right here. Let me go ahead and get a TP kind of set. So I would want to see if we do get a move to the downside. I would be interested to see if we get some pretty aggressive moves. I'm not really...
dead set on holding the market all the way down here. That'd obviously be a pretty insane move, but I do like to leave my, uh, take profit open, especially when we have low volume we're getting traded into, because these are the kinds of trades you can catch where, you know, if you get into, think of it like going downhill, right? If you're in a car or on a bicycle, right? Um, and you've made it over the hill. Sometimes you'll, you'll just coast down. Now, if we see price.
and other data telling us the market's bearish moving into these areas. And we see that bearishness sustain that can provide us with extremely, extremely, extremely explosive moves. Okay. So not saying that I would always hold on all the way down here, but if I see a very big aggressive move, like I want to be around for it. So we'll watch and see how this unfolds. See if we can get some kind of a momentum to the downside. I'll leave my stops where they're at for now. I don't want to see these buyers.
get back in control if you will i want to see the market continuously push down if i'm going to stay in this trade
So as you can see here, we don't necessarily have a ton of aggressive selling, which doesn't really matter. But things I pay attention for in a trade, like let's say if we saw a bunch of aggressive selling pushing under this low, but price didn't, price was doing this, then I would probably be a little bit more suspicious of this trade and exit it. But since we don't have that, I don't really have a reason to exit it just yet. I want to see, do we start to get this flush from here? Because everything that I'm seeing suggests that we are likely to get a nice flush. Because if you see right here,
We had these large amount of buyers come in at the 797 level and the market just stalled, right? Passive sellers, smart money was sitting there readily selling to them, absorbing them. Okay. We also saw smart money absorbed traders like this over here. So now we want to see whenever aggressive selling does step into the market, does that create a nice flush? And if it does, we'll likely get a very aggressive move into this 700 level right here. So what we should see pretty aggressively is a flush into this 700 here.
very shortly. And then on that, we'll be able to de-risk the trade. So what I'd be looking for is a nice jab through all this liquidity. It's going to happen very soon. And these are the kind of things that you can spot when you understand how to use these tools. So wait for it, wait for it. So now I'll go ahead and move my stops to entry. There's that jab that I was talking about. As you can see, we hit right down almost to 700. Now what I would expect is a nice flush through this level. If we're going to stay bearish, we want to see a nice flush.
So we've hit into our level. Now we want to see if we get this kind of energy. What I like to do at this time is go ahead and move stops up under the candle that hit into that level because if buyers do end up absorbing sellers here, then I want to be out of that trade. I'll even move it down here to this 720 level. As you can see as well, guys, this is my live account. Just kind of showing you guys this for transparency.
So like I said, we got a nice jet to that level. Now it's time to see how does the market, you know, does the market continue? So what I'd like to do here is put my stop even up at 7085. That way we're right above where those large sellers aggressively sold into that bid wall. We want to see this momentum continuing if we are right on this trade. As we see, getting nice continued momentum. We could move this up even to
705 just to get a little bit more secured. What we want to see here is if this market is going to continue in a bearish state, once we start getting these low volume modes, you want to see pretty aggressive and fast movement. Otherwise, buyers are kind of stepping in during those areas of low volume, which is not what we want to see. Very simple, what we're doing here. It may seem complicated, but it's not. It's very, very simple. We're finding key levels, like we did with these high volume nodes. We're then asking ourselves, who steps in at these levels? If you hit a level where buyers typically would step in and no buyers step in,
You can literally see that not any kind of smart money buyers are stepping in at all here. Then you can say, okay, cool. This level is likely failing. Then what does the horizon ahead look like? Well, the horizon ahead looks like downhill. So that's an opportunity, right? You want to frame yourself in positions to wait for a key level, wait for a reaction at that key level, and then listen to what that tells you. At the beginning of this day, I was looking for a long. I was more so looking to long to upside, but you know, it didn't work out. And here I am.
Like I'm still in the market, still making money. I'm not, you know, stuck in an idea. I'm never married or stuck to an idea. So now what I like to do in these trades is see, you know, where are more and more aggressive buyers stepping in because, you know, you don't want to get too, too aggressive with your stop trailing, but you also don't want to be too passive and give away good gains. You can also look at volume profile. You can look at a couple of things on how to trail up these stops. But right now I don't really see a big reason to.
So this time I'm going to move up stops pretty aggressively up to the 640 area.
And this is the kind of energy we wanted to see. You know, you're getting this push into this lower volume area. We're balancing being aggressive with our risk management, trailing our stop up to protect our gains. But we're also giving it the room in case it does see a big run. But this is what we want to see. It can change very quickly because you are getting you want to think of like this, like you're kind of getting to where you might either you're going to get a really big move and the market's going to move very aggressively or you kind of overstay your welcome. Because typically these areas, once you get to the value area low.
or these lower volume areas. If the market is going to reverse, that's where it's going to do it. But, you know, those big moves that you don't get very often do happen if you can get a nice flush into these zones. We've got our stops moved up. Got like, what is it? I don't know. 12K secured. So if we walk away in the day with that, it's totally fine.
Boom, and we're out. Not bad for a 17-minute workday, it looks like. Pretty cool stuff. So yeah, guys, just to kind of break down real quick the overall logic in that trade, we started out the day. I looked for the market to come down to one of these levels to long up to here. Now, obviously, we didn't get that. So the market hit into this level. I was just kind of sitting on my hands. I didn't really do anything much here. Once we hit into the second level and got a rebound, I said, cool, if we're going to see buying, I want to see it now. If we don't see it here,
then we can go ahead and be pretty safe and say that sellers are in control. So what did I look for at this level? Well, I looked for at least some kind of market structure shift to the upside, something telling me that, you know, bulls were in control. Now, if you see what happened here at the CBD, we saw some aggressive buying step in, right? But we didn't even break a new high on price, which would have been all the way up here. But one thing I did notice is that we had enough aggressive buying up to
this level over here yet price did not break the high. Okay. That's one thing. Um, so we didn't see anything there. Then we started to move to the downside and get confirmation to the downside. Now, another thing, if you look back at this, uh, structure on book map, we executed right after nine 50 roughly. If you look at this on,
nine 50 was a right around here in this area. So what I want to see is if I'm going to trade a continuation, I want to see the buyers that stepped in right in this level, which are this leg right here.
I want to see there be some kind of absorption. Now absorption means a lot of buyers at the market level, aggressive retail traders, which we saw right here stepped in, but the market did not move. So if a lot of aggressive retail buyers are getting in the market and there isn't a big move in price, then we know that they're getting absorbed by passive sellers and passive people selling with limit orders are usually smart money. So we can see that smart money is absorbing retail traders. And then the market's very sensitive to these downwards moves. And I told you that.
likely we're going to jet through that level. I told you, I said, here it comes very soon. We're going to jet through the 700 level. As we see right here, the market really aggressively pushed to the downside. And we saw a lot of selling through that level and we saw follow through. So then we trailed up our stops to where these large positions were built and continuously did. So we managed our risk and now we got stopped out on a trade and that's that. All right. So at this point I was actually getting done at the barber. I believe after that last trade,
And I ended up entering another trade based on the same overall flow and idea. So I'm going to break that down for you guys here. Let me mute this. This is the recording of it. So what you see right here, notice how there is a huge divergence on the CVD right here. We have a higher high, but then on price, we have way lower high. So that shows that even though there's a lot of aggressive buyers stepping in, they can't push up price, which is bearish. So that alone.
is gonna give me a good idea that if the day's already been selling off, like if we've already seen this huge, brutal sell-off, we're in an area of low volume, like you see right here, where we expect the market to move aggressively, well, then we know that this is likely gonna be a really good opportunity. And I like to put my stops right above the area where that divergence happened. Now, the confirmation for this is just this big down candle also starting to inverse this fair value gap. Now, I did execute a little bit before that candle closed, used a little of intuition.
where we have the market where we're in these low volume areas, we already know it's likely to see an explosive move to the downside since we're still seeing bearish characteristics in this zone. So anytime we see this, this is going to be a time that you're going to be pretty confident. So after this, I ended up moving my stops up. This was the original area you just saw over here. Tradingview is glitching and for whatever reason doesn't have that large candle. But yeah, so this is where we saw the divergence originally. You see price almost came up to it right there.
but it didn't. And then I moved my stop up once. Now right here, I'm moving my stop up again. I remember my trading view wasn't working, so I had to do it manually. And I just put this stop up at a round number above this area right here. So I was just trailing that stop pretty aggressively, making sure to protect my risk. I was literally, just had gotten done with my haircut. I was in the car. I remember doing this, trying to screen report it where I could put it together for you guys. So here's the trade. It was running pretty nicely. I had moved my stops up yet again.
And then now I'll let you guys get back to the video when I was actually able to do it on my computer. All right. So I probably showed you the entries on this trade that I entered on mobile. Now I'll break down through it now that I actually have some good tech back on my laptop. So as we can see over here, I'd entered right here on this move right here. Now, why did I do that there? Well, if we take a look right at that area, notice how we had a lot of aggressive buying right there.
a lot of aggressive buying, but we weren't breaking through any price highs. Like we broke through a lot of highs. If you look right here, right here, mainly was the one, cause you see how price high was all the way up here. We made it nowhere near there yet. The Delta was very high. So that shows us there's a lot of aggressive retail traders that are trying to buy and they're not winning. So once I saw that with this nice jet down,
that was enough for me to get into the trade. I had my stop here originally. We almost hit into it. I thought for sure I was done. But then this actually gives us more confirmation once this moves down, because as we can see here again, we had another divergence, right? So we made a high there, lower high in price. So there's a lot of aggressive buyers that aren't successful. This is what I mean whenever I say, you know, you want to see stuff rewarded.
if you're going to continue. So you did not see this buying rewarded, meaning price did not reflect it. So that would be bearish. And that is where we got this nice aggressive move. So at that time, I started to move my stop down. And as we can see, we're still having this same kind of behavior in the Delta. We're either seeing not a lot of aggressive selling or aggressive buying, but price is still moving to the downside, which tells me, you know, until proven otherwise, price is bearish. Now, I still do want to keep my risk contained. So I've got my stops at this level right here.
If I get stopped out and I end up going back into it, that's totally fine because I already scaled into this trade. We could have held the cell from earlier forever, you know, hypothetically, but that's just not the way I like to do things. I like to secure my gains because at any moment the market can start to turn back and, you know, become bullish. Now we have no reason to believe that. So let's try to hold onto the short as long as possible, but also let's not get greedy and, you know, lose logic. But as we can see here, we're still seeing higher highs on this and we're seeing lower highs.
on the price. Okay. So when we see this kind of stuff that tells us, again, there are passive sellers really trying to push this market down. And you know, my thesis is I'm not the only one that sees this opportunity here. Think of it like this. Like, let's say if you're trying to form an attack on something, right? You want to attack where.
your enemy is weak, right? Think about it like that. That's what Sun Tzu says, right? So in the market, if you're selling, your enemy is buyers that are going to defend their position below you. Right now, that is a very weak position. So if you're trying to get a big explosive move to make a lot of money, there's going to be people trying to push the market in that direction. So I'm sure that if I can see this, smart traders are also able to see us, smart money traders. So you have to think like that, right? Think out of the box a little bit. Don't be so rigid and thoughtless whenever you trade. A lot of people, I say they just draw...
rectangles and boxes and don't really think about like what they're even doing or why the market is making moves. Once you shift your perspective to that of a smart money trader, you start to trade with a different level of conviction and you start to see a lot more opportunity. So I've got my risk moved up here to this 337 mark. We'll see if it keeps flushing out. Even if I get stopped here, I'll still watch for another entry. Pretty big day today. Would love to see us get a flush here. I mean, obviously I don't want to get emotional and get excited, but if we did get a very big flush, that would...
probably put me at one of my, actually it would be my best day for 2026. So we'll see if that can happen. Otherwise, I'm happy with the gains where they're at. So as we continuously get these legs down, we're seeing Delta pretty much just stalling, consolidating. What I would like to do though, is just de-risk a little bit here and there. So I made this video or started the new video clip, I should say, to show you guys why I'm de-risking. Now, a lot of what I do comes back to like, what is the context right now?
Well, the context is that we've got this low volume area and I don't want to really see us, you know, do this kind of price action too long. Because if this happens, typically you're going to have a nice jet back up. Like you want to think of it like this, you're on a slippery slope, right? So if you're right, you should slip down, right? That's what you want. But like, let's just say if the market starts to hang out for a little while, it can easily come up here before going down. And I'm not trying to be in the trade for that.
So with that being said, that is why I moved my stop to where I did. Overall trade looks good. But again, volume profile can help you in unlimited ways once you understand it because it tells you what levels are likely to trade from. It helps you understand who is really in control of the market. It helps you understand when the market is likely to consolidate and when it's likely to expand. And then the way that you want to shift your thinking is not so much as that this tool is going to foresee the future, but this tool is going to tell you what should be happening.
If a scenario is right, like if you're bearish, what should be happening right now, right? If you're bullish, what should be happening? And there's opportunities in either of those. That's the biggest thing I want to get into your head is that you're not going to just get a tool. That's a be all end all foresees the future. Like most people try to do that with strategies. They try to do that with levels, concepts, tools, whatever. It just doesn't work. Okay. So you have to use stuff in a way of, okay, this has given me.
x-ray vision in the market and I'm able to discern whether or not a trade is good, whether or not an idea is good, whether or not this bias I have is good. And once you understand that, you start to see things more objectively and you will have a much, much better time trading, trust me. Because like right now, one can say, oh, well, you know, we have low volume. That means we're going to go down. Well, not necessarily. It means, yes, if we're bearish, we should go down. But you have to ask yourself, well, if we're not going down, then maybe this idea is wrong. Maybe I need to account for that.
Right. So that's just the logic. You want to make sure not to overthink things and just like exit a trade based on that or, you know, make rash decisions. But you do want to, you know, mitigate risk. I'm up $18,000. I used to not even have $18,000 to my name, you know, so it's kind of like it's a nice amount of money. I want to make sure that I'm logically, not emotionally, but logically and rationally protecting that.
And we do that by watching structure, by watching footprints. Think of it like every time something that happens in the direction of your trade, meaning, you know, like if you're selling, every time buyers lose, every time buyers get absorbed, every time sellers prove their dominance, that's kind of like the last notch where you want to make sure, hey, you know, I don't want to lose my art grasp here. It's like you're getting a new grasp, you're climbing up the ladder, you don't want to go down a step. Whenever you're in these situations of, you know, the trade's really extended.
And, you know, understanding this can help you get a lot more out of your trades because when you do this, instead of always just taking profit, you are able to kind of milk the trade, right? You can let it run a little longer. You can mitigate your downside, but also leave yourself in the trade because at the end of the day, trading just comes down to identifying who is in control of the market and riding the wave as long as they're in control. That's the best, that's the most simple way you could say, are buyers or sellers in control of the market?
Cool. I want to get in on the right side and I want to ride out that wave until that shifts. Now, if you enter a trade and you're, you know, let's say if, let's say if you enter a trade and you say, okay, cool. I think sellers are in control. Well, you have a couple of ways of determining whether they're going to shift or not. Maybe it's hitting your stop. Like maybe your stops up here. Maybe that's your, your level where you say, okay, cool. Sellers are in control, but maybe the market's running aggressively and there's no level like magical level where you know that.
Sellers are just not going to be in control anymore. So instead of just saying, I'm just going to for sure take profit at a level, unless it's some kind of crazy major level like I have here on like a daily, you know, instead of trying to take profit at the next swing point or something like that, look at it like, okay, cool. At this level now, I'm more aggressive with my risk management. Cool. I might move stops up and I want to see, do sellers stay control? If they do, maybe that's CVD divergence. Maybe that's some kind of absorption you're seeing using book map. Maybe it's market structure.
Whatever it is, whenever that happens, that's kind of like your new stop loss. And you say, okay, cool. That's the tipping point. Just like when you enter it up here, your stop loss is up here. So you want to think like that because it allows you to stay in trades longer that are winning. There's a quote that said in market wizards, it said in a lot of books that it's one of those quotes that sounds theoretical and useless, but in reality, it's one of the most powerful quotes. And that's that you want to let your winners run.
and cut your losers fast. Now, most people think of that in terms of entering a trade and then the trade's going to go against them and hit stop loss. Everybody says, oh yeah, I already know that. But that's not what they mean. What they mean is exactly what I'm telling you right now. A loser could be anytime you're in the market when the side you're in is not in control. For example, if buyers shifted right here and I just sat here and I had a reason to exit the trade and I didn't, it's a loser all the way from that area even until
It hits my stop. Even if, even if I made money, it would still be a loser because you were in a trade where you're on the wrong side of the market. This is also going to happen. It's not necessarily a bad thing, but on the flip side, as long as this trade is not doing that, as long as it hasn't given me any reason to believe that sellers have lost control, it's still a winner. I want to hold onto the winner. I want to let the winner win. I want to let the winner pay me. And if you could just realize how to do this, you could encapsulate so many of your losses with the good trades you take, because chances are the trades that you've taken that weren't.
quote, you know, great trades that hit a target. They may have won, but then you saw them go way further. If you were able to hold those trades, what would your trading look like? Would you be profitable? My guess is probably yes. I know that for me, that was one of the big shifts in going from a decent trader to a really good trader was simply being able to get those big, big wins. And I can't tell you enough how much confidence it builds, how much peace of mind it gives you. Because now, you know, when you do this, you kind of, you build a buffer. You know that now I'm not necessarily so sensitive to losses because I know that.
I have a strategy where they can yield me these bigger wins. You're going to get base hits too. Not every win is going to be like this, but no wins are going to be like this if you don't let them. If you don't get into the market and objectively watch and say, should I really exit here? I don't see a reason why I should exit here. If anything, I'm looking at this. I haven't even seen aggressive sellers step in. There's really not been any aggression, yet the market's still moving down consistently.
That tells me there are passive sellers. So as soon as there are some aggressive sellers here, especially in an area of low liquidity, if that does happen, we could get a very, very, very aggressive move. Now, if we don't, cool. Then I've managed my risk. I've still made some money. However, I'm not going to get afraid just because I see a big number here and just close the trade. That's the way that I want you guys to think about stuff like this. So a lot of gems there, a lot of stuff I wish people would have told me when I started trading. It's not so much about like...
you know, Oh, like water blocks and liquidity for everybody. It's about understanding this kind of stuff, guys. This is the kind of stuff that's actually going to make you money. Not so much the stuff always in the chart. Yes, it's important, but it's more of an understanding of like what you're doing, why you're doing it, why you should have conviction. How is the other side of the market thinking? How is smart money thinking? These are all the things that you need to run through your head. Not like just very basic, basic, stupid, simple stuff all the time. Like, yes, that is important. You should simplify, but I do think that you should think deeply as well.
So we'll see how this trade unfolds. Risk is contained. I want to see if we can start to push down lower soon. If we do, like really every kind of displacement, every energetic move down, that's where I'll move my stops up and I'll start to try to cover more of this position in terms of risk. But for right now, I don't see any reason to do so.
All right, so I just moved my stops up again, as you can see right here. Got a nice little move to the downside right here. Again, we're seeing aggressive buying, consistently stepping in the market, and so far failing. Now, again, I'm trying to keep my stops moving up and make sure to not get too greedy and manage risk. We've got them at 289, so secured a big day no matter what. Going to see if we can get a nice squeeze through this area. Yeah, I would be pretty much out of the market in full at that area. Not going to be too much greedier.
rather than that, if we even get there. So yeah, that's kind of the narrative here. It's just the same simple stuff over and over again, just seeing who is getting absorbed and who is in control.
So as we can see, now some aggressive sellers are stepping in and they're heavily rewarded. So I'm going to push my stops right here at this big up candle right here, or I'm sorry, big down candle, just to try to mitigate as much as possible here. Again, we're on a massive day. Don't really see any reason why I want to have much more risk in this trade. I'm actually likely going to move them down to this candle because as we can see, this is where all the buyers were stepped in that got engulfed. So I don't even want to see them get in the green here.
So I've got stops at 260, and I'll just leave it at that.
So as we can see now, we're actually getting some aggressive selling stepping in. I'll leave this open. I'll just kind of push my thing down here because if we start to see a big, big flush, I'd love to be around for it. I will be aggressively moving my stops up if we hit into this 179, 180 level. I think it's 180. Yeah, it's 180. I would keep this like final down here. I mean, I'm not saying we'd even run here. The only reason we've been moving this because it's important to understand it's not just because, oh, I want to have a bigger trade. No, it's because we haven't even really had any aggressive selling. Like if you notice.
we have not had a ton of aggressive selling happen in this whole move down. So that tells me that, you know, if we do start to get aggressive selling, which typically will happen as you approach big levels like this, that could give a very sharp reaction. So I'm going to be managing my risk pretty closely here. I don't want to see really any kind of big moves against me. I'm even going to move my stops up here now. So I'm just keeping it at structure, just being very, very aggressive here, managing every bit of risk here, because again, we're up massively.
Don't want to be super, super greedy. If I get stopped out here, I'm going to be a very happy camper for today. All right, so I'm fully out of that trade. Fully, fully out. Cool. Good stuff, guys. Massive, massive moves. And yeah, it's been overall insane. Pretty cool day.
Well, to give you guys kind of commentary on what I wanted to happen, it's kind of what's happening. But I was saying basically that when we look at this volume profile and we see that the highest amount of volume was here, we know that obviously the most amount of trading was here and we see who won with this huge down move. And then we kind of want to see how do we react to high volume nodes on the way down. As you can see right here, we dipped above it, pushed down, pushed down again, and then target would have been this low. Now, can't say I'm too upset about the...
Trade of anything, because I probably wouldn't have caught anything right here anyways, unless I was trading pre-market. Maybe a scalp down, but I guess that's the way she goes sometimes. Can't really do much about it. Oops, didn't mean to do that. So yeah, I mean, if you caught any of this move, congrats. That's kind of what I want to have happen. I think we are going to trade into that 25, 180 level. You know, not to be cat and obvious. I did say this before it happened, though. Just not.
I just posted it in the discord. What I would be looking for in this situation is I would want to see some kind of like, cause I wouldn't just want to scalp to here. I think you're just kind of chasing it. I would want to see some kind of retracement, which you might not get. And then some kind of confirmation. One thing I want to really like, I think that's going to be an easy tool for you guys. Kind of like what we're trying to do with book map is just determine absorption. You can do the same thing with CBD. So if you guys remember in that Sunday class we did a while ago, I went over CBD, but just think of it like retail traders. Okay.
If you get a big move down in CBD, it's a lot of market selling, meaning a lot of retail traders are selling. I'll give you an example of how you could use this. I'll go into, because I can't trade right now. I wouldn't be taking a trade anyways, but I'll give you an example of how I found a trade using this yesterday. The trade that I took, you see the last one I took. Notice right here in price, we had a lower high.
right there. So we already established we are bearish at this point. The price was trading at the value area low. So you should seek some kind of bullish narrative if you're going to see one here. We saw an attempted bounce, but look what we saw in the CVD. So this is showing a lot of aggressive buying right here and right here. So you see a lot of aggressive by more aggressive buyers on this move, yet price could not form a higher high.
This shows that there are some form of passive, aka smart money, sellers trying to push the market down because we have all of these herd traders that are coming in and just buying, buying, buying, but they're not able to push price. So we know they're not in control. And if they're not in control, the market's going to go down, especially if it happens at an area like the value area low, where typically if we are going to see bullishness, you would see some kind of reaction. So that alone was how I caught this last trade.
and just wrote it down. And then if you want to watch and see how the market, look how much we are moving down here, but we weren't seeing a lot of aggressive selling. So like notice the market was very, very much so just moving down. But then if we look right here in that same period, there wasn't a lot of aggressive selling. So this can tell you that if there's not even a lot of people selling, but the market's moving aggressively, that resulted from an imbalance of those passive sellers, meaning that it doesn't even take a lot of trading.
on the retail side to push price down lower that can show you okay cool like the market's tanking even though we don't have much you know aggressive selling that shows you that one side is very strongly in control and that will typically happen in those lower volume areas so watching here you can watch and see how you get a reaction love to see if i could actually potentially trade see if it'll work now
that's nice well what i would watch for here is some kind of confirmation like i don't i will say i don't necessarily like this just yet like see this is an example so notice if like cvd like if this were to make a lower low and show there's a lot of aggressive selling but then price isn't showing that well you can assume that there are buyers absorbing those sellers you see what i mean like does that make sense what i'm going over
That's a very simple way to do it. You want to typically rule of thumb, you want to see follow through and CVD with price if you want to say that, okay, it's a valid move. Because if you see a lot of Delta, if you see a lot of market participants that are usually retail, and they're not moving the market, well, you can say, cool, smart money has other plans. So you can see how you can actually trade some of these concepts based on data, not just based on theory and patterns. It gives you a little bit more of a edge and also more of a
confidence in your trading now what you would want to see for confirmation in a situation like this is you see that we have this aggressive move down at the open okay ideally you don't want to see this get traded through too much right we don't i don't want to see price go higher than there but that alone wouldn't make me want to take a trade what would make me want to take a trade is if you start to push down right through this low either while we're pushing higher on cbd or if it's pushing lower on cbd you want to see something
confirming the idea that sellers are in control right obviously we lean that direction but i will say that you know i wouldn't take a trade on this retracement so a lot of times this can save you from you know the market tanking and then you just get aggressive and get into a trade down here instead you wait because almost always there's going to be some kind of retracement not always but that's okay you don't have to catch every trade but almost always there will be something and then when that happens
you can then evaluate how price behaves on that retracement to determine whether it's just profit taking and any of these buyers that do jump in on that, are they actually in control? No, not if CBD is moving with the market, stay out. That is not at all what I'm saying. I'm saying if CBD isn't suggesting what you want to see. Meaning, let's say if we're trying to be bearish here, if you saw CBD make a low and price didn't make a low, that would show that there's a lot of aggressive selling, but they're not in control of the market.
You would want to say, okay, cool, retail traders are usually going to be the ones that are selling at market. And if a bunch of retail traders are selling and the market's not going down, meaning price isn't moving with CBD, well, you could say there is someone absorbing those traders. There's no settings to CBD. It's default, and I just changed the colors. It shouldn't be completely different if you're using the NASDAQ. Maybe anchor period, I don't know. I have mine at day. They might have changed that, but that should be default.
Yeah, trade rates down, it seems like for everybody. Gotta love it. So, you know, when I'm seeing this, just to kind of give a play-by-play, see how price right here, we're not really, there's not really anything convincing here because you're not making lower lows with CBD with lower lows in price, right? Typically, that's not what you want to see for a confirmed move. And also, the longer you kind of sit here, you know, the less life I'd want to trade till you see something. Now, again, it's not a be-all end-all. I'm not saying price can't go down.
Like gun to my head, I would say at some point we're likely to see the market move down. But if you look right here, there's obviously someone right now stepping in and trying to prop this market up. So why not wait until you have more confirmation? Because if there's an imbalance of buyers and sellers here, especially when we have a lot of sellers getting involved here, we can see that they're likely getting trapped. Typically, that's not going to be a setup you'd want to sell on. And if then these traders win, which it looks like they're likely going to, you can come up and take out a lot of this up here.
So see how that can kind of, you know, give you at least somewhat of a filter. You want to also think of it like this. Like right now, price is kind of coming up and grabbing these highs, but we don't even have a lot of aggressive buying. So this can suggest that right now books can be thin and it doesn't take a lot to move price up. This also can because there is news coming up, right? So these are the kind of conditions that will happen when news comes up. Price moves pretty aggressively without a lot of action in the market because there's low liquidity. Does that make sense? See, I want you to understand the why.
That's my main thing here is I want you to understand the why, because once you understand what this is, it's just a tool to see aggressive market buying or aggressive market selling. And when I say aggressive, I mean at the market level, which is usually retail traders, you can kind of see who is in control of the market.
Of course, you want to watch this at key levels. You don't want to just pay attention to this all the time. That's another key thing. Obviously, anything that you're doing, you want to make sure you're paying attention to it with context. A while ago, you said MACD. Okay, this is nothing like the MACD. MACD, in my opinion, I'm not a fan of. I think it's a shit indicator. There's just nothing even remotely comparable to these other than saying they're both up and down. I mean, there's not even... I want you to understand. It's very important what this is.
It's showing you the difference between market buys and market sells. Okay. So like, for example, in this candle, it's saying there was more market sales than there were market buys. So if you're seeing the average number, like total buyers and sellers in the market, right? We have total since the day opened, the daily candle, there's negative 9,700, meaning there were 9,700 more sells than there were buys. That means that overall there's more sellers in the market. Well, there's been more sell.
market orders executed. It doesn't necessarily mean they're still in the market. So you want to see, like if you're seeing, like for example, if you see, oh, aggressive buyers are stepping in and the CVD looks like this, but the market is just kind of like stalling, you can say that here comes all the fuel, all the retail traders are buying. We see that, yet price is not moving. What that suggests is that smart money, this guy over here is laughing, ha ha ha. He's pointing at them, laughing, flipping them off maybe.
depending on my stick drawing. He's laughing because he's like, thank you for your fuel, right? And then pushing the market down lower. And you can have that at lows, you can have it at highs, but it gives you a little bit more of an insight on what we're doing. This is the same stuff that, you know, whenever I show you guys on bookmap, it's the same exact thing you're trying to see. None of it is different. It's just absorption. You're trying to see who is in control and who isn't. So like, for example, now if you were to get like a nice confirmation under this, like if the market had a nice move down and closed under it,
and you had a nice move down with the CVD like you do, then that would be more of a confirmation. But you want to see, if you're trying to confirm a move's continuation, you want to see agreement with both. And also what's important is not just as like, oh, did you make a lower low, but like how you made a lower low too, right? So just because if you pip it like one tick, sure, it can go lower. I'd say that's better than not.
But like, let's say if you have a huge delta move, but you don't get a huge price move, I usually won't pay attention to that as much. I wouldn't consider this that scenario, to be clear. I'm just kind of giving you guys an idea of what I mean. Like, for example, if you saw something like this, but then price like barely moved under a low, you wouldn't want to pay attention to that as much. CBD, it's just a native CBD indicator on TradingView.
CVD is a tool that lets you see the difference in market orders. So if we see the difference in market orders is down, we know there are more selling people at the market level. Smart money doesn't use market orders typically. They will use limits. This is not viewing limits. This is viewing market orders. So if you see that there is a downtrend, meaning there are more and more sellers entering the market on the CVD, but then you see
price not in a downtrend. This shows you there are a lot of sellers at the retail level, but smart money is holding them off and using them as fuel. And as soon as they get exhausted, market's likely going to explode. Now, if you see CVD moving very aggressively and price moving very aggressively, you can say, cool, currently the retail traders or the people at market are on the right side of the market. And that's sometimes a good trade. Like if you see you hitting into a key level,
like let's just say if you see you hit into a key level and then the market is like trying to like let's say the mark you're trying to determine whether you're going to short or buy let's say if the market shifts down
Let me draw like this. So CVD is over here. Let's say if you're hitting into a key level with price, and you see the CVD, but CVD is just kind of stalling. You don't see any kind of aggression. And then in price, you see it doing the same thing. And then finally, you have a big move to the upside on CVD, but then price doesn't really make a higher high. Let me redraw this. So let's say you hit into a key level. CVD makes a higher high after it stalls for a little bit.
but price doesn't make a higher high. Well, that can show you at this level, sellers are trying to control the level because if aggressive buyers are trying to push through the level and then price isn't showing that, well, that can tell you that someone's passively selling to them. Now, if the market hits into this level and then pushes up with CBD, cool, that's probably not something you want to short just yet.
So price pushing up and CVD doesn't. That's kind of what I was going over before. So a lot of people will give you different terms on this. This is something that's subjective, in my opinion, which is why it's important to understand it, because different things, different contexts can lead to different outcomes. Like, for example, let's say if the market is consolidating and you see a big move in price, but CVD doesn't really move. Well, this can be for a number of things. Let's just say if it happens right before news.
it could be that a lot of orders were removed from the book. Like typically there's going to be orders really close to price. But let's say if somebody removed all those because news is coming up, price is just going to go to where the closest orders are, even if no one aggressively bought. So that can kind of help you determine whether or not that that might be a fake out right before news. Now, another way is like, let's just say what I was talking about yesterday is that if you're already clear on what direction the market's moving and let's just say,
price is moving up higher but cbd isn't really moving higher then you can say cool no sellers are stepping in and price is just expanding that will happen in areas of low volume too but using the profile typically does it need to tap into the higher volume node or can it be in the area of inside the high volume node and then the move confirm which directions the big institutions have control the market when do you confirm the entrance is confused so i'm kind of confused you say does it tap to the hvn or does it need to be inside the hvn those would be the same thing but
the the way to answer this though is the way to think about it is typically you'll want to see if you want to catch the top you want to see how did the market respond when it went on the other side of the hvn so like for example like right here let's say if you go above it like you see over here right the market kind of dipped above it and you start to see an aggressive move down that can give you direction and then anywhere after that before you hit into the next target you can look for the cvds you can look for market structure shifts first candle rules any other stuff you look for okay
So as you see, we had a lot of aggressive selling step in. We did break this low here. Typically, though, in this kind of situation where you didn't, I mean, with the context, I would say likely you're going to go down, but I probably wouldn't take this trade here. The reason for that, a couple of things. Number one, your risk reward isn't great, right? Your entry would have probably been right around here. Your stop would maybe be here. So it's not really a great risk reward. On top of that, notice right here, the market isn't really making a lower low right there.
but it's making a huge lower low here. Now, this doesn't mean we won't hit the low. It's just like if I'm looking at a setup and grading it and I'm trying to give it like gold stars, like how many gold stars does it have? Well, this would have a lot more gold stars if you came down and actually had a lower low in price right there. But even then, you know, I probably wouldn't trade it because the risk to reward. Now, on a flip side, let's just say this same stuff happened, but the risk to reward was crazy and there was like a very low volume area.
very big move is possible. That's the kind of trade I would say, cool, that gave me a couple extra gold stars because yeah, it may not be the most clear as they set up. I'll just throw a very small amount of risk on it because if it does hit, it's a very high risk to reward. So that's an example of like how I would think about that. You always want to grade your setups and kind of understand like, okay, cool. Like, you know, a lot of times you'll catch yourself in trades where you're just trying to find an entry. You're not really asking yourself, well, what's the actual risk to reward on this? What's the probability?
that it's going to be a good trade because that in itself can make or break an opportunity because everything's risk like you can do all this and still be wrong so you want to always evaluate it and like okay cool like no matter what i'm taking a risk make sure to take the best risk possible right that's the way i would try to think about it what you'd look for like the way i looked at this this morning is how we reacted to this pre-market because look at this so like the market kind of moved up outside of this area and then sold right back off that alongside with how we reacted to this high volume note up here
Kind of shows, okay, cool. Well, and then on top of that, you know, don't forget you're just adding basic market market maker models and price action here too, right? Like this is clearly bearish. Combining that with knowing that it was a bearish move that was sponsored by a lot of volume. Another thing you can look at too is structure breaks that happen at high volume nodes. So like, for example, if you look at this right here, this big structure break that happened at this high volume node, you can say that sellers really, really are in control of this market right now.
then how do you determine if they're still in control? Well, the next time you come to these areas, how does it react? It comes up above, they defend their positions. Majority of the Monday and part of Tuesday is spent above the high volume node. There's not the, there's multiple high volume nodes, right? So you would say like at this point, like if you look at Monday, yeah, like right here, it spent time above it and it went higher. Where did it go? The next high volume node. You see what I'm saying? That looked a little different whenever we marked the day out back then, but it's not just the high volume node. It goes from one to the other.
right so as you can see here though once we got on the other side of it it started to shift down and then again once we get those structural breaks with high volume nodes like this you can say that cool there was a lot of volume here obviously sellers were in control because price rallied to the downside so yeah like looking at this setup you know even though i don't have access to my trading stuff i probably wouldn't even have taken this now if you put a gun to my head and said do i think it's going to this low i would say yeah probably but i'm not i wouldn't put risk on it me personally it's just not as good of a setup as something i'd want to take
Now, would I say it's probably gonna go to this low? Yeah, 100%. I would say that's likely. But just based on the overall risk to reward here, we've got news in two minutes. Again, just gold stars. You're like, how many gold stars does this trade have? Not a ton for me. So strong move up with no price move, expect down move. Yeah, if you're seeing that at a key level. That's the key, is if you're seeing it at a key level. Like, let's see if we can find something. So like example right here, this is like a little bit of an abstract way of looking at it. Like notice, not even abstract, it's pretty direct. Notice right here.
see how the market had a big move up in cbd like it didn't necessarily like make a i guess like a i guess it did make a higher high didn't it pretty no it was a lower high right here but like look how different price was like price was way lower right so you had a lot of aggressive buying come in throughout here but literally no movement and you didn't get anywhere close to this area so you could say there were just as many buyers in the market right here as there were right here yet they obviously weren't in control at all right
So that can tell you that as well. Now, another way you could look at it is over here. Notice how we made a higher high in CVD right here, but then a massive lower high in price. So these things happening at key areas can give you a little bit of an x-ray vision to see, well, we see, okay, aggressive buyers are stepping in, they're just not successful. So we hit that level. Again, I would have taken that trade, so I'm not going to sit here and say, oh, I told you, because I was sitting here saying, this is not a trade I would take. But it's a good example of, do I think the market's going to go there? Sure.
But like, is it so great of a trade that I would take risk on it? Probably not. Right. Because I wouldn't have taken it. I mean, minimally probably till this candle. Right. So we'll say anywhere in here. We'll just put it right there. Stops would have been up here. Target would have been right here for me. So one to one, I'll take a one to one if it's like a very high confidence setup, but I wouldn't have been high confidence in it. So congratulations. If you guys took it, it wouldn't have been one for me. Your CBD on NTA made a higher high there. I'm not sure on what, where, and also to what you might have different settings.
And TradingView most likely is calculating it differently as well. Oh, wait, you thought it looked like it did, so it was like a small difference. Yeah, some things like that will usually be pretty minor. Everybody sent their trade debates back. Mine's not, though. Oh, wait, let's see.
banger pretty cool i've ran this account up from a little under 10 grand to 128k now pretty cool stuff that's since november and i haven't even taken all the trades i've taken on this account i also have another trade of eight but pretty cool stuff aggressive risk management for sure i was risking like three thousand dollars when it was at nine thousand dollars but like again i think thinking of risk on an account level is just stupid like it's just genuinely it's a it's it's not how a wealthy person's gonna think i'll be honest with you like
For example, let's say if I have a, you know, we'll just use random numbers here. Let's say if you have a $5 million net worth, okay? Are you going to go put in millions of dollars in a futures trading account? No, that would be fucking stupid. That would be really fucking stupid because you don't need it, right? You can make a ton of money with five to 10, maybe 15 contracts. Like make fucking money with that. So you want to put enough into your account to manage, you know, a normal losing streak, probably like 50 to 100K.
And you're going to risk more than 1% of your account. It's just, that's just some stupid ass shit that either ICT or some guru said that a hundred people repeated it. Now it can be good advice to a beginner trader to risk very small amounts. I'm not saying it isn't, but when you actually are trying to like make money in scale and you're thinking of a more pragmatic, like realistic standpoint, you know, you're not going to take someone who has a very high net worth going and risk $400 a trade. It's just stupid. It'd be a waste of fucking time. I think that's something else. A lot of people, people hear things online and then just don't question at all. And then you're just like,
an AI at that point you know like always always think like does this actually make sense in all situations and the truth is there's probably not any single piece of advice that is applicable in every situation this is why I intentionally don't even get advice from certain people because some people that I know are so much further along than I am that the advice they're going to give me won't even work you know unless they're intentionally kind of dumbing it down to a situation that's applicable
Like, for example, if you're trading props, you're not going to take that same mentality. If you're trading a personal account that has, like, a lot of your money in it, which you shouldn't be doing that, but if you were, you're probably not going to take that same mentality. You know what I'm saying? Stretching volume back or the volume profile back to the 17th of December, there's a volume point. Let's just see what you're talking about. Yeah, I mean, like, you're low volume under here, for sure. Like, I think that not much changes from before. You are low volume. So, like, what I would be watching for here is how we react, like, under this level.
Like, how does the market kind of behave here? Like, do we start to get any kind of consolidation, any kind of attempted move to the upside? I'll open up book map really quick. At what amount would you move a prop account to a cash account? You know, I think honestly, this is one of those questions like you're just going to know. I know that's probably not the answer you're looking for. There's no magic number. Like, for example, if your net worth is $50,000, it's going to be a lot different number than it's going to take a while. Right. Personally, I think that you should have like most likely.
I would say like, I don't know, like realistically, and it just depends again, like whatever, some people want to make more money than other people. Some people don't care about his money. It comes down to a lot of that, right? Like, cause if you, for example, like let's say if you're going to go in and say, oh, well I want to trade, you know, how much money do you want to make? Like, well, that's going to probably influence how much money you should put in the account. And then it comes down to like, how much money do you have? Like overall, like how much money do you have as a, you know, in your net worth, right?
that's also going to be a pretty big influencing factor. It should be. It really comes down to like, are you trading with an amount of money that you'd be happy to just part ways with in that account? Because it very well could happen. You never know. This is another reason why even if you're very wealthy, you shouldn't have a lot of money in a futures trading account or any kind of active trading account. Because for example, like let's just say, God forbid, you do something stupid and like forget that you have a sales stop. Like for example, let's say if I, because I've seen brokers do this. Let's say I'm in a trade.
And I forget that I have a sell stop down lower. Like let's say I was in a long, I close it, but it doesn't close the stop loss. A lot of times it's going to be a stop market. So let's just say if I have a stop market here and then fucking Trump goes out and it was for five or 10 contracts. And let's say we have tariffs with China or a trade war or a bomb Iran and the market tanks. You could just lose a ton of money for no reason. You know what I mean? So you just don't want to have that as a possibility. Obviously that's something that shouldn't happen, but like.
you know think like game theory don't don't think just like oh it shouldn't happen i think like how do you eliminate the possibility of it happening is there a way you can this is kind of like when people do dumb shit like i'll give you an example no offense to anyone whatever floats your boat there's some shit that you that people do for fun that to me it's just fucking stupid like genuinely it's just fucking stupid like for example i i don't know i have a buddy who really close friend of mine he will just intentionally do
The most, like, dangerous shit. He likes it. It just genuinely is fun. But I still think that's stupid. Like, some people be like, oh, like, that's how you live. That's how you're alive. I'm like, no, it's not. You do not see billionaires or smart people doing shit like that. Like, let's go jump off this fucking cliff. You got to make sure you jump in the perfect spot and miss this rock and swim. Like, it ain't that fun, bro.
So in those situations, how do you eliminate the possibility of death? Their logic will be like, oh, dude, no, it's totally fine. No one gets hurt. I do this all the time. It's like, yeah, but there is the chance of death, right? The same thing about trading. You don't put yourself in the situation where there's even a chance for shit like that. It's just stupid. Yeah, the cheese one. That's a great example. That's a great example. The fucking cheese race. I literally watched a vlog on that recently, and I said the same thing. I was like, see, this is the kind of shit, man.
This is like literal natural selection. Like people, you run them down and like breaking their fucking backs. I'm like, dog, for what? I mean, flow your boat, whatever. Like whatever, if that makes you happy, cool. I'm not going to hate on you, but I think it's stupid. So it's like the same thing with trading. Like, you know, a lot of people be like, oh, like, you know, like if you're a good trader, put all your money in a trading account and then just like, like just fucking turn into a billionaire. It's like, yeah, dog, that's not reality. It's not how it works. So what I'd be watching for here is kind of seeing like how the market responds to this really big key level.
not really seeing anything that would make me want to take action. Like it would take a lot for me to want along. I'd be more so watching to see like, do we get some kind of second leg down? What I would be looking for to see that happen is some kind of absorption. Now I'll go ahead and show you over on, I got book map up now that I'm trading. So what I'm looking at here. What I look at in these kinds of situations is like, where was the last area that like sellers really like took control or one side of the market really took control. Notice over here, we have a really strong bid wall. So these
heat maps like these like lines are where limit orders were so you see right here sellers were selling really aggressively into this right here right this is right at market open sellers sold really aggressively into that level okay buyers attempted to absorb them that's what you see right here this is an absorption indicator also you can just see a lot of sellers are selling into buys they attempted to absorb them but then sellers overpowered them right so we see buyers are trying to step in here so i would look at it like this like where is the last area that sellers really took control
in my opinion, was probably right around this area, somewhere in this like 320, 350, really like 300 to 350. So then going back over to price over here, if you just kind of look at that area, like 320 to 350, you've got a decent chunk to get, you know, it's back up here in this consolidation. So I would look at it and say like, as we approach this area, you don't even have to go all the way up and hit it. But as we get closer to that area, do you start to see any kind of signs of like an entry, right?
Like, for example, let's say if we saw CVD go way higher than it was over here. Like, so like, for example, let's say if CVD went higher, like this went higher, but we didn't make a higher high in price and like we were way down here, that would be something that would make me want to sell because I'd say, OK, cool, like aggressive buyers are trying to buy this low, but they're not winning. So likely you're going to go lower and then you look and OK, cool, I've got a possible expansive move.
this is like gold stars what you're talking about right if you had those things to occur you could possibly look for a setup and if you combine a market structure shift with that is like or an inverted fair value gap or any of your other things like that can give you even more of an edge the cheese was just joke it was a joke talking about how the people that do the cheese wheel race are not the brightest sorry if any of you guys are cheese wheel racers i still love you i saw
The green bubble in bookmap didn't create results at the moment. Yeah, but I wouldn't, I'd be looking at the context as well. Like you want to see more confirmation than just like, oh, green bubble, not a massive move. If anything, I would say that they are creating results. You had a green bubble, move up in price. Green bubble, seems like we're starting to try to move up again. So I wouldn't say that. So the result or the levels you're looking at at this point are more volume than time-based. No, we're literally looking at a swing low. That's the entire key level we're looking at. I'm not sure where you got that. We are looking at volume levels as well though.
But if you look at this, this is what happens, too, when you kind of get tunnel vision and aren't thinking like, remember, we're literally looking at a swing point. OK, that's not a previous session low. We are also under a previous day low. So don't don't get like tunnel vision and not be aware of your surroundings. Super, super, super important. The one thing you want to avoid is just like throwing like you don't want to ever just say, oh, cool, cool. New thing, new volume, throw away everything. No, no, no, no, no. Don't do that. OK.
Instead, say, how can I give an edge to what I'm already doing using these tools? Because this is just giving you a little bit of x-ray level or x-ray vision at those same levels. Super, super important. Because I know that that happens too. Like when you learn something new, you kind of like feel like you just start focusing on it, but you don't want to do that. Okay. I have a friend right now. Like he's, I told you guys about this guy. He's in sales and he's like been doing very good. He had like his first like slump of a month and he's like starting to send me shit on like.
starting fucking e-commerce or trading and i'm like dude i want to smack the shit like fuck no like focus on what you're doing literally everybody in the like okay think about this there's like different levels to to people like you know you'll have people that just never see any success right then you'll have people that see some success but as soon as they see challenge they jump ship that's what a lot of people happens a lot of people and that's where you know you end up on this hamster wheel of like working jobs you hate not really living a life you want because the first time that shit gets hard you jump off the wagon
And people justify this like, oh, it's not where my heart's at. Oh, I want to learn a new thing. I'm just trying to learn. No, like shut the fuck up. It's not that. It's that you don't want to endure eating glass. And trust me, in order to get any kind of real success that is meaningful, going to actually make a fucking impact on your life and your family, you're going to have to eat a shitload of glass for years. Just the way that life works. If it wasn't, everybody would be fucking rich, but they're not. How's a reversal looking? I would want a lot more.
this in a reversal because if we look out here like I'm not gonna try to trade such a big down move like this like we're looking at this to get a reversal from this sure it will start with a one minute shift at some point in my experience in my experience usually you don't hit this much of a key level and just have a one minute shift and just fucking bottom out there it's usually not how it happens
um not saying it's never how it happens it's just typically not how it happens so like for me to say that that would be happening i want to see something on a higher time for like a five minute like really an aggressive shift and then try to trade a retracement of that here i would be more interested in shorts i'm not in a short but i'd be more interested in them and sell still right but i don't see anything that makes me want to sell just yet because like when i look at this like i see buyers are stepping in they're kind of getting rewarded i want to see some kind of absorption some kind of push to the downside something suggesting that they're going to have a second leg down
uh and then if there was a tp i would have probably look over towards this over here but also i would just be looking like if you were to get a big move just look at these swing points right that 25k round number about 200 points away another thing to remember whenever you don't have like necessarily like a a lot of like key levels and you're kind of trading into surprise discovery with uh low volume remember round numbers
No, I use the anchor volume profile. The fix is fine, too, though. It's just easier for logistical reasons. Anchor, you just drag it one thing. It's not like you have to redraw a range all the time. For another view at CVD, try the CVD divergence oscillator indicator. I've never used it. Yeah, I know Google earnings. We're up stupid on Google. We're not really stupid. I guess 10%, you know, in the stock world, it's pretty good for a very short amount of time that we've been in it. I'm guessing it might be this one. I don't know. Something like this? I don't know. I would be kind of like...
I guess this is like using a different timeframe or something. Yeah, I don't know. Me personally, typically with stuff like this, if it's something that's very easy to spot, I personally would just look at the fucking CVD. Most of the traders I know that are like pretty high level using this stuff, they're just looking at it. I haven't ever heard anybody using one of these. And to me, like I'm looking at this and I'm like, where is a CVD divergence here? Like where? It literally made a lower low right here. I guess maybe like kind of what I was talking about earlier, it's adjusting for price moves. Personally, I probably wouldn't use it.
just based on that. Maybe I'm being a hater, but, you know, wearing NinjaTrader8, it'd be under indicators, wherever you find the rest of your indicators. Not really much energy to the downside here. Nothing that makes me want to get active just yet. A top set might not have it. I would just use TradingView, have another window open. But I found on NinjaTrader8, unless you pay for level two data, the CVD is off. Oh yeah, well that would definitely be the case. How long have I been using Big Bookmap? Like two months, month, two months? Not that long, but the thing is like,
A lot of people ask, how do you use bookmap? I know how to use footprints, but I don't know how to use bookmap. I'm like, no, that means you don't know how to use either because it's the same shit. It's time and sales data. You're just looking at a different way to look at it. In my opinion, bookmap is the best. Emory is the one who got me on it, but I was like, I don't know, man. It looks like a lot, but it's...
Because it looks, the way it makes it look, it looks like, I feel like I'm looking at the fucking weather forecaster. I don't even know how to explain it. I feel like I'm trying to predict the weather or something. But it's really simple. Because essentially with footprints, you'd be looking for large amounts of cells. This shows you the same thing. But in fact, it shows it better because you can actually see in past tense where limit orders were. Where were their bid and ask walls? I like it a lot more. A lot, lot more. You can also even put absorption indicators to see.
like difference of buyers and sellers so you can kind of see when it's happening right here we're seeing absorption of buyers and another thing that a lot of people mess up with this stuff is just using it if you want to see this and price action okay as you see you see a lot of different like things that happen like oh absorption of buyers well that didn't work out did it right because you didn't get any price confirmation just because that happens doesn't there's no like oh this happened like we're going to move to the upside you know what i mean so back over here now paying attention to something right here notice how we're hitting a higher high on this delta i kind of want to see do we actually make a higher high
in price. It's too early to say we will or won't, but I kind of want to see if this does start to turn around. And there's another mistake, another common mistake, kind of going over things not to do. Some people will be like, oh, oh, we made a higher high, but we're not higher in price. Sell. It's like, well, you don't know. That leg isn't even over yet. Until you get a swing high, meaning a candle that has another candle over here, you really can't even say that at all. You see what I'm saying? I'm not saying I don't think it's going to happen, but you can't be too early or too trigger happy. Don't want to do that.
So I would, if I'm going to get a sell ready, I'm not getting in one. I'm not getting in one. I'll be very clear. I would put this, if I get in one, which I'm not yet, so please do not get a fucking sell. 261, I'd put it over that high. I'd just have an open TP. What I would want to see here is a nice move to the downside, kind of confirming alongside this, kind of a nice push down where price is showing what we're kind of trying to see here. That's the key. Again, you want to wait and make sure to have some kind of confirmation.
Depending on how far price moves, I would maybe use this 245 just because it is a big difference. I probably would use that as a stock and just go one tick over it. I'm not in it, so please do not answer, okay? Again, we haven't even formed a swing high. I want to see a swing high and then a push down, which doesn't look like we're getting it. But this is kind of like walking you through where I'll say, okay, let's get ready, but don't enter yet. Now, obviously, this dive is not valid. That's what I'm saying with this. You want to wait, kind of plot what you're looking for. Now, maybe we get it here. Maybe we don't.
But you want to just wait and make sure to just be picky and quality. Like, make sure you're waiting for some kind of logic. It's a little different than big trades. It's similar, but it is a little different, Peter. Yeah, I made the video that is in the course. It's like an hour long that goes into bookmap. I'll definitely make more stuff. Obviously, I'm making this content like we're making right now live. I also recorded, which I'm going to be putting out to you guys very soon, a...
like a whole like fucking 40 minutes of me trading with book map. And it's really good because it shows me kind of trading. I got trailed out for a small gain, was able to reenter, and then I made a huge trade. And then yesterday's trade, I recorded a lot of that as well and broke down the logic. Pretty cool stuff. Is trade bait up for me? It seems like it. I'm logged in. I don't know if something would happen when I try to trade. I haven't traded yet, but let's see when I look at this, I'd say, okay, cool. Aggressive buyers are stepping in. We're getting a little bit of movements up in price. Now, obviously it's not a huge move up.
So sellers seem to still be trying to fight here, but nothing makes me want to enter a trade. I wouldn't personally want to go long here just based on the little bit we've had, because again, we're trading against the grain pretty harsh there. I'd want to see more than what we have right now. So if anything, like when we see this, like see how we have a pretty big, much higher move in CBD, but not necessarily much of a higher move in price. It's too early to tell, but like if you've got a really big reaction there, I would weigh that in to seeing like.
you know, okay, cool. It seems like sellers are at least still trying. We haven't seen that yet. But again, I'm just trying to walk you guys through the, because that's how my mind works like this. Like I'm constantly evaluating what's happening and thinking of both sides, thinking like, what would it take for me to have clarity? If I don't have clarity, what would it take for me to have clarity? And that's kind of how you want to sit here and think. And it's kind of like, you're like a, you're almost like a computer program, just analyzing, analyzing, thinking, thinking about like what, you know, getting clear parameters in an if then process.
And when you do this, it kind of detaches you from caring so much about like, oh my God, I have to take a trade. I have to trade a day. You know, you shouldn't trade every single day. It's kind of letting it do its thing. I probably won't be on here too, too much longer. Another way I look at it is like, well, you know, we traded into this key level that I was looking for. Maybe we get a continuation. If we do, I'll be around for it if it happens soon. Otherwise, I'm not going to camp on it. What I would be looking for here is some kind of price confirmation down. I do like what I'm seeing on bookmap. Overall, a lot of buyers are trying to get absorbed here, but no.
clear signs of confirmation and price just yet now if we did get some kind of clear move i'd like to take a trade and then move stops up and try to see if it runs through this low volume area nothing that makes you want to do that just yet though anytime that there's like i'm paying attention to where we're at like for example in this we have a level mark that's right next like if we're looking at this and we come into the market and we know that we're likely going to go down lower and previous days low is right there
I'm not going to most likely mark that too. Again, you want to just kind of think. Don't just be like, okay, if I think there's a level that's right here, I'm just going to mark that level out. I'm not going to pay attention to this. Because what is the consequence there? Am I going to take an action based off that? No. There's a 40-point range here. It's most likely, like it did, just going to blow through that. But still pay attention to levels, always. Whenever you're coming onto your screen, kind of do an evaluation and see which ones you're going to pay attention to. Question about FCR. Is there any reason it said a hard TP?
instead of letting the trail stop or trail the stop fuck the trade run for the trailing stop. No, I think that it's great if you are experienced to let it run in the situations where you think it's going to run. But sometimes I do think you should have a hard target. I don't really see anything I like too much. I notice here too, like Delta or CVD. And I'm trying to teach you guys with this a lot, but I want you to understand what you're doing right here is literally the same thing you're doing when you're looking at book map, whether you're looking at photo. It's the same shit. It's just trying to determine absorption.
it's literally like the the outcome right it's all the same outcome just different this is just a simpler way that i think more people will be able to grasp onto uh the volume profile session if you ask the ai say hey give me the video and the volume profile that should put give it to you but it's in like a section that's called like volume profile so i want to see if we can push like what i would look for here for a trade is some kind of at least displacement like energetic move down which we don't necessarily have yet but it's looking like it wants to go that direction
I want to see us make a new low because see how we've made this lowest CBD right here? I want to see us make a new low before I enter a trade. Because if not, we could just see a lot of aggressive selling. And another thing too, and I go over this in the video I recorded yesterday. Anytime you start to see a lot of divergences on either side, which I wouldn't say we're there right now, but let's just say, for example, if this went down, but price didn't. Then it went up, but price didn't. That's typically where you're going to get consolidation, especially if it happens after hitting a key level.
That's where you'll get into those scenarios where it's like, what the fuck? Why is the market not doing anything? Just join any setups? Yeah, I mean, we've been watching for a while. It's going to be kind of hard to just compact it all down. We already hit the key level that we were looking at. I didn't take a trade to it because it happened pretty much immediately. At least the entry would have happened immediately. But other than that, I'm just kind of watching to see if we get a continuation. Yeah, no, that's a hack. The consolidation thing's a hack for sure. But you want to have it happen a lot. Like I wouldn't say it's happening right here, but you'd want to have this kind of stuff. Like if this gets more bit like.
if there's a lot of highs and lows on cbd but not in price typically that means that there's it's starting to find some kind of baseline right and eventually there'll be a big move but you know you're gonna want to wait for that um so it could help you kind of stay out of poor conditions as well yeah it is oh dude veraz by the way congratulations i'm honestly so proud of you like that made my day yesterday i was so i was literally texting people if you guys didn't see veraz made a second in the whole world on ftmo with a six-figure payout insane um absolute
legendary shit it was 170k or something right i want to see if we can get under this low right here how does it react possibly get a sell i like the way it's looking though i have a stop at 228 if i enter and i'm just watching how we react here ideally want to see us hold under this low yeah i like where we're at with straight
So I want to watch this closely. The only thing I don't like about it is the fact that this CVD is way down lower. The main reason I've been taking it is because overall context where we've seen pretty much nothing but bearishness so far, and we have this low volume area down below. If it wasn't for that, I probably wouldn't take the trade. So what I want to do on this trade is watch it pretty closely because I want to see...
the markets start to expand here i want to see some follow through in order to hold on to it and i'd like to remove risk on it quickly so this is when i would be actively managing for those reasons i'll go ahead actually move up stops at least to this uh 200 round area to remove a decent amount of risk only about 35 points of risk roughly on this trade tp is just open i'm going to go ahead and move stops to enter on this
So risk removed on this. I don't want to see it hang out. Just kind of pitter-patter around here. Especially the longer this divergence stays. I want to see follow-through. So risk is removed. Your stop should be at entry. I would even move up stops now to this candle that's kind of displacing. What the fuck is wrong with this piece of shit? Software. I'll have to modify it manually. What's the high? 161. Come on, trade bait. Please don't start acting like interactive brokers. Just changed. I'm going to move this up to 151.
Secure a little bit more. Cool. So we got stopped out for a small gain. Nothing major there. So what would it even hit? Was it doing anything really?
1200 bucks not really much it's okay that's not what I want to see though see now look this is a good example of like why I was moving that stop aggressively is because like see how we're not making this lower low right here right that compared to this tells me like it's not that the market is just not gonna go down it tells me it's not necessarily ready does that make me just want to long from here no but as you can see this is kind of where you'll get squeezes to happen right if this was a different context like if this kind of stuff was happening
And we weren't just like absolutely shitting our pants for the last, you know, fucking rememberable history, right? If the market wasn't just dying here, if we had any kind of like bullishness at all, or even any kind of just neutral at all, and I saw this, this would be a long. But personally, just because of where we're at, I wouldn't want to take this long. Does that make sense? Let's go, Priscilla. I just saw that as well. Congratulations. Oh, the CBD. Yeah, any of this shit you're doing, that any of this stuff, do not. Do not. And I repeat for the third fucking time, do not.
Do it on fucking micros, okay? You're trying to track smart money and institutional involvement. Guess where they trade. I'll give you a hint. It is not fucking micros, okay? So just be very, very careful of that. The last point, I'm assuming it was the CVD stuff. So the reason I was moving my stops up aggressively was because we have bearishness. There's a possibility to move aggressively. If the market is bearish, typically once you get into areas of low volume, it will move quickly. Now we started to move.
but we started to stall. So I said, cool, I'm going to put my stops in profit because we shouldn't be stalling for long. If I put my stops in profit and it gets hit, that means we not only stalled but turned around, which we shouldn't see. Combine that with the fact that we had a lot of aggressive selling. So again, this is a great example of this. Notice how we had a lot of aggressive selling. This shows a lot of aggressive selling, okay? Even more selling than we had over here. Yet...
price was not able to break that low. So there's more sellers in the market here and we're trading into low volume and the market's not in price, not moving down aggressively. So I said, cool, move our stops to profit. And then what happened? Pretty aggressive move against us. Now, if this were in any other scenario, I would probably long. The only reason I'm not longing is one, I don't think we have great risk to reward. Two, the market's been absolutely shitting its pants for the last couple of days. And we have nothing other than one minute telling us anything is really bullish. So typically I'm not going to trade like, you know, a weekly swing point.
with like a one minute shift, especially when like the day's red, the week's red, the month's red, the four hours is the only thing that's not red, I guess. But all of these are all, so that's another cool little trick. If you see like all these higher timeframes are all in one direction, you want to be a little bit picky trading against them. A little quick, simple hack. Because again, like what the candle is right now shows who's in control, right? And on higher timeframes, this is important. On a one minute, it's not so important. But like, for example, if you say, okay, well, more.
There's sellers are in control for the month, the week and today. Am I just going to trade the first one minute trade based on the, you know, it's hitting a low? Probably not. Now, is there a chance that it works? Absolutely. Absolutely. There's a chance that it works, but we're not in the game of trying to catch every possible opportunity. You're in the game of looking at a bunch of opportunities that come across your desk and saying no to 90% of them. Like if you want to think like an investment banker, think like you're Warren Buffett. You know, how many stocks are there out there?
And how many do successful investors actually invest in? It's probably less than like a 0.05%. Would I short again if I saw an entry? I would say that maybe, but that this made it like me not as excited to short. Especially now again, we're now even seeing again more sellers entering the market, but the market's not really reflecting that yet. Now that can change. Again, it might just tank from here. But again, it's just kind of grading the setup, right? Is it like an A plus setup? Not necessarily. Maybe it can turn into one.
right but for me right here now like where i look i'd want us to almost come down all the way down here and then it's like you know depending on the price action to it depending on what happens to it is there a good setup for that i don't know you know what i mean i would venture to guess that it might be rougher to try to find that not saying you couldn't but that's kind of the logic i would have because again like another thing too and this is just something you'll gain from like years of market experience who remembers where this came and this i'm going to show you this in book map i swear to god i haven't looked now i've looked because i said that but i
was thinking of this before I looked. Where did this candle start moving aggressively? Who remembers? This will show how much you pay attention. Where did this candle start moving aggressively? Did it start moving aggressively up here?
In the middle or towards the bottom? When did it start exploding? Started exploding from the bottom, right? Because remember, we were in this trade. We moved our stop up here. This candle was red. Before we could even fucking blink, it moved right here. So what does that tell you? Where was the imbalance formed at? Where was there an imbalance of buyers here? Closer to the bottom. So with that being said, where would you want to see price overtake to say that those traders are out, that they're wrong, towards the bottom? Now, take a look.
at bookmap. If you take a look at bookmap, what do you see? The majority of the bigger buyers were down here towards the lower par. So what you would want to see in this scenario is like, okay, this is around that 167, 170, we'll say. You would want to see the market trade down into this area and then overtake those traders. If that were to happen and this order book didn't change much, you can see it's very low liquidity down all the way to 25, 100. But then there's someone trying to defend this down here. You see what I'm saying?
That's like the power of using this thing, but it comes from understanding what the fuck you're actually looking for. So many people see these tools and think, okay, cool. Green bubble plus this mean buy. No, don't think like that, right? You want to think deeper, like think like understand like what the fuck you're actually looking at. Because when you do, you have a different level of conviction. You have a different level of patience. You're just better. You become a smarter trader, literally.
and again you'll start to realize that's not so much about catching every single trade as it is about catching really good trades a couple really good trades and you're straight it's better to miss like for example would you rather take five really good trades and miss 10 really good trades and be profitable or would you rather take 50 mid-grade trades and be break even which one is easier on your mind which one is more of a success right
So you have to get used to the idea of like you're going to be able to see, so to speak, like opportunities that may happen, but you have to sit them out and you'll find like more often than not when you do this, sure, you will miss some opportunities, but you also miss a lot of pain. And for most of you guys, the secret in you seeing the success you want is not so much in adding more, but subtracting. Let's go to Ron. I'm glad that that was a light bulb, man. Is that order block low candle your order block? I don't really have an order block in this scenario. Like, yes, this would be an order block.
I just want to make sure you're clear on I'm not saying, like, I'm not, I wasn't talking. Your eyes are correct, yes. I suppose ES bookmap would be similar to NQs. Of course. It's just fucking data. It's time and sales data. It'd be the same for anything you could look at it on. You could look at it on gold. You could look at it on anything. Well, cool, guys. The more I see, the more I look at this, the less I want to sell it. Maybe it does sell off, but I look at it like this. A lot of sellers are really trying to sell here, okay? We're not seeing that reflected. In fact, we're seeing passive buyers absorb. I'm not super interested in longs where we're at.
just based on the landscape, I'm going to go ahead and call it a day here. Like $1,200, nothing crazy. I'm sure that we're not all riding off in our Lamborghinis today on that one, but we'll just call it a break-even day. What's going on, guys? I hope you are enjoying the video.
if you want to learn a lot more about trading i post a ton of free stuff here on youtube so make sure to subscribe i've got free courses and all sorts of other videos that can help you along your trading journey if you've made it in this video this far already that sets you apart from a lot of people because this is a really long video and not everybody's going to want to watch for that long but as you can see there's a ton of valuable stuff inside so keep on enjoying and i'll see you guys later
all right right now i'm looking for a short it's 9 42 a.m yesterday we closed outside of the value area so you see the market move down and close outside of the value area low which is bearish on top of that we had a b-shaped profile meaning prices moved lower that day and most traders accepted those prices so on a day like that i will look for the previous day's value area high since we're bearish as we can see we traded right into it on top of that we've got a high volume node right here that we're trading into
and then we've swept above this liquidity right here so what i want to see is how the market responds to this level and see if we get a nice down move now some other things that i'll look for to confirm this short are cvd absorption which we don't necessarily have just yet we look like we're about to get it though where we see cvd going higher but price failing to go higher what that means is that aggressive market participants buying at the market which are typically retail traders
are trying to push the market up aggressively and there's more and more of them coming in however price is not reflecting that now another thing we can use is called book map is this tool right here so in a setup like this what we want to see is a lot of buyers which you see with these green bubbles coming into limit orders which you see
with these heat maps and we want to see sellers absorb buyers so a lot of green bubbles but not much price movement to the upside especially as we head into some of these ask walls meaning a lot of sellers are just putting their limits here and this is where smart money is going to be positioned guys typically the retail traders are not going to be the ones who create moves yes they'll chase into it and you will see them taking part
but what we want to see in order to kind of classify a reversal here is as we trade into these limit orders like you see right here as we trade into this how does the market respond okay does the market start to push to the downside or are buyers rewarded this can tell us what's likely to happen as you can see right here we didn't get any cvd divergence in fact we're just moving higher so in a situation like that what i typically look for is i want to either wait to see if this
move holds through and then possibly get along i don't really see much of an opportunity just because where we're at and i'm not really leaning bullish so in this situation i probably wouldn't do that now the other thing that i would like to do is just wait to see if we do get my setup now another thing that i like to note
is the overall aggression so divergence means like if you have a higher high on price and not a higher high in this or higher high in cvd but not on price but i also look at aggression divergence and this is just something that's a little bit uh you know just use two brain cells you know it's like if we look right here we see a ton of aggressive buyers we don't really make much of a higher move so to me that shows that yeah like they're still kind of pushing the market up however
somebody is trying to hold the market down and if that somebody outweighs all these retail traders which typically smart traders do which are trading with passive orders then that can give us an opportunity so it's all just about being patient and waiting for your setup so we'll see how this unfolds what i would like to see here is some kind of move to the downside sooner than later i don't want to see us just hang out forever and i want to see a lot of these buyers get absorbed
and start to see some very large sell orders coming into the market now another thing that you want to look for is something i like to call sensitivity so whenever we start to see these sellers step into the market look at this reaction we're getting right this is what we want to see in order to say okay cool well the market has an imbalance between buyers and sellers because think of it like you know if the market is sensitive to sellers then sellers are in control and if the market's not sensitive to buyers
then buyers aren't in control. Now, again, you want to see this at key levels like we have. That's also very key. You don't want to just look for this stuff all over the place. So I would like to see if we can get some kind of moves to the downside. If not, then I won't take a trade, but that's what I'd be looking for. So as we can see, we're now starting to see some sellers come into the market. And what we would want to see here is price being sensitive to those sellers, meaning...
sellers come into the market and they get rewarded the market moves down we do have a lot of liquidity here so i wouldn't be surprised if price jetted through this but what i would like to see is the reaction from that right it's right here we have about 197 contracts total so i'd like to see you know if we don't get a nice reaction from that i would be less confident but what we would love to see if we want to see a sell-off is a lot of buyers hitting into this level maybe even jetting through it a bit but then market starting to move aggressively to the downside from there
And we would look to then trade alongside the right side of the market who is manipulating these buyers. So as we can see, even more sales are getting stacked here. Now there's 200, even though we've already likely filled some of these. So someone is trying to hold this market down. And the reason I like this tool so much in this methodology is because you're not so much trying to predict as much as you're just reacting to like what is happening. And there we have it right there. So I would go ahead at this point.
I want to see if we can close a nice candle under a low. Stops if I do get in would be around this $24,950 area. Not in there just yet. We can go ahead and get this set up. Typically, I'll risk about $5,000 on a trade. Again, I'm not there just yet, but I want to go ahead and get this set up. Go at one point breathing room.
I like to keep good risk-to-reward here. I do like this reaction a lot. Still have some liquidity up here, so I want to see if we jet into it again, but we do see that sensitivity from that level. Now, another thing you can do here is put a stop a couple points above just to account for, which is likely what I will do since we have a pretty height zone. I'd put it around 29.54. So there we go. Now we've got that absorption, hopefully. We'll see if it unfolds.
the key though is always waiting for price to approve so to speak your idea you don't want to just trade based on what should happen because aggressive buyers can step in kind of like we see and push price much higher but no dice just yet what i would look for though is these traders to get absorbed now because we see a lot of volume here there's a lot of volume around that level so i want to see a push under that and a hold before i would then look to sell so now another tool you can use or another strategy you can use with this is just kind of watching
and seeing okay cool where did the last uh big amount of trades come in and seeing if that's held because to determine if we are gonna continue in one direction one can look where are there a lot of buyers at we'll say around this 950 to 960 area and as we come down to this area what you would want to see is those buyers to get you know beaten think of it like that like they want to get you want to push the market under and then they want to get out of their trades which we're not seeing just yet so again a lot of uh cvd coming to the upside
as you can see here we're coming back down to this level i want to see if we can get under this tops are going to be at this 24.984 but 9.85
we'll keep stops tight here i don't want to see much of a move against us and the overall target would be open but lower than this most likely it's going to be leave the final target down here i don't know if we'll get that big of a move but one can only wish right now we don't wish we just want to let the market or leave the order open in the case we do get something like that but other levels i would watch as as we get out of this high volume node how do we react down towards this 24 540 i'll just go ahead and put this
I'd probably just go ahead and say $24,550. Just a clean around number right around there.
Now, as you can see, we can get very, very good risk reward and very, very powerful conviction in our trades. Because as I walked you through the exact trade, we started to see this absorption here. And now look how sensitive the market is to these sellers. And we're going to be able to de-risk on this trade pretty quickly, depending on where we see a large amount of panic selling. Because what you want to see now, we've seen this absorption. We know who's in control of the market and we're on the right side of the market. And this level of confidence is going to
put you in a completely different mental state when you're trading and make you a much much better trader it's extremely powerful so as we can see here the market's making a nice move to the downside what i want to see is where that panic selling starts and then watch to see if it gets defended which we haven't really seen it too much yet um we have a nice little cluster right here but you know we want to see something
little bit larger i mean we can work with this but typically what i like to see is a move back into that cluster and then a big move away from it and then i'll start to say okay we're building a little bit of some breathing room before between myself and the trade so we're floating about 5 000 bucks right here pretty shortly i'll be break evening my stop this is kind of what i was looking for so i'll go ahead and i'll put my stop at entry
Leave that there. So now at this point, I don't want to micromanage the trade too much. We just kind of want to watch and let the market do its thing. Also, I don't know what is wrong with TradingView. Glitching super hard. I'm scared to refresh and get logged out of my thing, but we'll do it anyways. Probably have to log back in. Okay, now it worked fine. Let me see that money. I like seeing that money. I see when people put on ticks. I don't understand that. I think if you have to do that...
i don't know i know some good traders who do it so i won't hate on it too much but personally i just feel like it's like it doesn't really mess with my head personally i like seeing the money while we're here so you can you know kind of check in on this i try not to watch it too too much because if you do i think it can mess with your head and you start to psych yourself out and do a lot of dumb shit which is pretty much your worst enemy as a trader i would look around this area this we'll say 24 890 24 900
around that area is the area we want to see that reaction from so ideally what we would see here is a move into that level right around this area where we're at and then a nice move down and once we saw something like that that is where we can start to trail up risk again because you're kind of looking at it like where does the stairway and instead of just using market structure or fair value gaps alone you can use market structure and fair value gaps like we have but also use volume okay like understand
Where are the big traders getting in? Where are they defending their positions? Where are buyers getting trapped on the move down? Because what you want to see is any amount of profit taking from smart money, which you'll see happen in a little bit of a market move up. You then will see retail traders kind of jump in with them to try to catch the falling knife. And you want to see those traders stopped out. You want to see them wrong because that's going to act as rocket fuel for the market. Okay. So as you can see here, that is what we're seeing now. I want to see us break through this bid wall.
and get a nice big push to the downside before i move my stops up sometimes you can kind of dance around a little bit as well but i do like the way this looks overall and also you can see that we're starting to move some of these ask walls down we're starting to push the market down a little bit starting to have a little bit more limit orders that are trailing you will see these get spoofed sometimes like as you can see some are coming on and off but um that is another good sign once you start to see an increasing amount of limit orders
that are in your favor like if you're in a cell seeing limit orders above that are moving down right because it's saying the market is now accepting lower and lower and lower prices then the market is now trading at lower prices and this is where it comes down to really understanding how markets work rather than just you know understanding candlesticks and when you do this some people are they shy away from it because they think it's too complicated but it's really not and if you can realize that your trading will
literally change so much if you have conviction and why you're doing what you're doing you don't get up as upset when you lose you're not as confused all the time you're able to hold on to your winning trades you're able to execute consistently and that's really going to be the difference whether or not you are a profitable trader at the end of the day like not not necessarily just like your know-how of how to draw analysis and all this stuff so now we can see more large trades coming into the market let's see how much we are floating now floating about eight
thousand seven hundred
At this point, I like to put my stops up right there. So I will put that stop and kind of leave it where it's at. And like you can see, just like I've kind of told you guys what was going to happen, happened, right? But it's not because I'm a genius. It's just because I took the time to start understanding some of these tools. And I really want the same for you guys because truly, if I can do this, any of you guys can do this. And if you're not profitable, most likely the reason is you don't have a simple way to use.
tools like this because a lot of people who teach these tools they like to overcomplicate it they like to make it sound more sophisticated than it is but it's very simple you're just determining who's in control of the market and you do that by saying how is the market reacting to aggressive buying or selling if you see a lot of aggressive buying but not a lot of price movement well somebody's passively selling to them typically the people who do that are smart money so this is more so using the same ideology behind ict and a lot of these popular strategies but instead of just guessing
you're actually looking at objective data. And the way the human mind works is that if you have true actual conviction in something, you're gonna be able to stay more consistent with it than if it's just kind of based on hope. And that's also why a lot of people have trading psychology problems is because they don't even know if their strategy works. They just kind of hope it will. They think that it does, but when they really get down to it, they don't have that conviction where it's, you know, they won't put their life on the line for it, right? Now what we wanna see in these kind of examples right here,
As you can see, we're hitting into this big bid wall or going to hit into it. You want to see a nice push through that and you want to see it obliterated, right? If we're going to see a nice aggressive move continuing from here. So typically what you don't want to see is too much absorption of sellers if you're in a sell. I'm going to keep my stops where they're at for now, but soon I will be moving them up. Most likely going to use the 850s as a stop if we can get a nice move through this. As we can see, we're seeing a lot of sellers step in.
We want to see this move rewarded. We don't want to see a lot of absorption. And then if that ends up happening, we can use the structure local to this area as a new trailing stop. I'm going to go ahead and move this down to that 850. I'll put it at 851. As we can see, we kind of hit into this level, had a lot of sellers step in. I want to see more aggressive moves to the downside if we're going to get a continuation. So I'm going to be watching this pretty closely here. Most likely moving up stops towards this 840 area pretty shortly too.
But there is a lot of sellers that we've had active around that 850. It's kind of what I had my eye on over here if you're wondering why I moved it there. Also, it's a round number. Nice, aggressive move to the upside. We might end up getting tacked out on this one. Be around a 10K, a little less. If so, that's fine. See if those sellers win. And it's not a game of me saying, oh, well, this is going to happen 100%. It's just me a game of looking at levels. Like if the market's going to go down lower, we should see this level defended. And if we see this level defended, great. That's amazing. And it looks like we might. That's what we want to see right there.
Notice how precise that can be. Now, I might be speaking too soon and it might take me out. That would be the appropriate thing for the market to do. Once you start getting that screenshot tool out, just know, trade's coming to an end. As soon as I post this, though, that's when it will reverse on me.
So now what I want to do here is I want to go ahead and move this stop up to this candle Just because it's like a nice displacement candle nice thrust candle the downside I'm watching here. I want to see this aggression continued We've got another big area of liquidity down here and notice this is actual You're looking at real liquidity, right? Not just like swing points
oftentimes there's going to be liquidity where there's not swing points you know um that's another reason why these tools are valuable so what i'd like to see see if we can get gravitation down here we are getting our stops pretty tight here because you know we're up pretty nicely i don't want to you know risk too much i don't want to ask too much of the market if you will if we end up getting stopped out here i'm very happy camper making my old net worth in about 20 minutes so can't complain now if we do get a nice push down
um into this level a nice jet into it because think of it like you know as you can see price is kind of bouncing between these areas of liquidity retail traders are just kind of like the herd the cattle that are basically like trying to just chase around chase around sometimes they're on the right side of the market sometimes they're not but what you want to see is a lot of those retail traders get into the market and then be wrong continuously
uh you know and then your side of the market be right because think of them like fuel you know eventually they're gonna win right eventually where no no trend ends for uh every trend comes to an end sorry i messed the saying up but those retail traders typically are kind of be just acting and then the market's gonna move to where there's areas of liquidity now there is an area of liquidity right up here at this 800. it's also another reason why i have my stop where it's at because we shouldn't see a 13 point move through that
if we're going to see this momentum continue to the downside. I'm not saying we can't, but again, it's just like me personally, especially when I have a nice trade, I don't like being too liberal with how much I'll let it run against me. I don't think it's good to do that. I like securing gains because you can always get back into the trade if it's really that good of a trade. I'm going to cry after this hits that, even though I said that. I'm just kidding. Let's see if we can get another defense of my level.
looks like we just got tagged all right happy day you can't be mad at it cool again we'll review this really quickly main reason i was in that what is wrong with this piece of software trading is always up man and then it refreshes me to bitcoin anyways and as you can see now we got a nice jet to the upside we got a good exit so i'll go over and really recap this quickly i do think we could still see more downside but i'm gonna be done um for whatever reason trading view wants to not work what is wrong with this piece of software yeah i'm really not sure
Well, I was going to do a recap. I guess we'll just have to end the video there.
So we'll go ahead and we'll mark out this profile this morning. I'm not in like a super super big rush to trade I'll go over overall outlook and stuff here in just a second We'll mark this profile. So we'll go of course the last five full days not counting today So one two three four five now when we look at this Profile here. This is kind of what I was talking about to start the week. We traded on top of this high volume node Now it looks like we're peaking right above this edge. We've also got
a pretty significant set of highs over here um i look at this like you know when we see this little consolidation that sent us lower like obviously this is an area where originally we saw a big sell-off there was a battle between buyers and sellers and sellers were still in control here so i look at this as you know if this whole like you know right now it looks like buyers are have been more so in control go to like a daily chart still kind of chop
You go to a four hour chart, we're starting to see bullish structure. So I think this is kind of like where I look at and say, okay, cool. Like our, you know, buyer's going to hold this move. Now, one thing you can do with your anchored volume profile in scenarios like this, we're kind of at the edge of it. I like to get another perspective as well and kind of just look at like the pivot points, right? So like where was the last daily swing high was right here. When I say swing high, it's just like we talk about in week one, where it's just a candle that has a higher high than either candle on side of it.
So you can kind of just look at the most recent aggression, the biggest, you know, the recent move, so to speak. And you can kind of get an idea for, you know, okay, well, in this move, where were traders positioned? And as you can see here, it's a very low volume area. So as we get into this area, like where we're at right now, this is an area I would look for the market to show its hand. There's not any news today while we're open. At least we had some before the market opened, but nothing as of right now. So nothing in our way in terms of that.
Would I want to target data low? I don't really look at data. I could care less about all that stuff. I think that was just like a term that was like, in my opinion, I just kind of came out of nowhere and everybody just started using it. But I personally, the only time I'll trade like that is if it's like a continuation, like for, and it's usually not even the actual data. Like for example, let's say if I was bullish, we got a really big move with bullish CPI and CPI is really the only one I do with this. And then you come down into the fair value gap and move up. I'll just trade it to the high.
but it's not necessarily even usually that usually you make another high so i don't really look at stuff like that personally that's just me though so whenever we come into these areas of these really high volume nodes i want to see like as we get above it does the market start to really push through it now another way you can look at this if we go over let me bring up my screen so you guys can see everything i think it's just sharing application you guys should be able to see book map now so what i want to see
in a session like this and kind of what i was saying with like you know i'm not eager eager to get into a rush getting into a trade i want to see do sellers step in and defend this level now what constitutes of you know sellers stepping in and defending the level let's say a couple things um you can look at cvd and watch to see okay does the market actually start to absorb any of these buyers personally i haven't seen that yet i don't look at this as absorption we're seeing price pretty much reflect cvd
I want to see how we react to this level, see if there's any kind of the market showing its hand. Because right now, yes, we see some selling, but I wouldn't say that they're necessarily absorbing a lot of buyers. Like right up here, there was some absorption, right? As soon as the market opened, but we're also getting it on this side as well. So typically, again, in scenarios like this, I'm just going to give it a second because whenever you hit into one of these bigger levels, I like to let the market kind of show its hand, right? You don't want to, you don't have to rush because if we get a move to the upside,
Like if the market did get a move to the upside here and we got accepted up into these areas, I think you could get a pretty aggressive move higher. Because if you notice, there's not much, there's just not much volume, right? Like a lot of the volume happened right here. So like in this big leg down, this was a very aggressive move down. And typically if you were going to be bullish, like let's say if you get accepted above here and start to move to the upside, that can be a very aggressive move. Now we might get rejected here. The market might just fall and that can provide a move as well.
it's all about just seeing how we react to these levels we've also got this first five minute high and low show of hands how do you guys feel about the just one time frame version of the the first candle strap i think it's a lot simpler it gives the same effect but i think it's a little bit more simple and it's easier on the the nerves there's one thing i noticed with a lot of you guys and generally the way that i kind of construct these because i test a lot of different like i literally just sit there spending a long time testing and just seeing different things and patterns and like one of the things i notice while we're in the live tradings is that
A lot of you guys, like, it's like, it's like the first camera, like, like, as soon as it forms, it's like, like, head to the one minute battlefield. And like, I think it's just like a little bit more anxiety. I mean, it works, but people tend to like make more mistakes or have more stress when they're trading it. Eddie said, I like it, but also seems like we could get a better entry using the one minute on the retest. Well, I mean, yeah, the one minute with the retest is going to give you the highest risk to reward since it's 3R.
so yeah but it's just i think a lot of times too it's there's a little bit more moving parts to it you know another thing that you can look at whenever we're looking at this first candle is you know as we're coming down into these levels which is kind of where we're at right now like are you seeing and you can kind of zoom out and aggregate the data a little bit less uh granularly this is like i like to see like are there big trades kind of pushing that move down right like with this little with this move down you can kind of see like what was that low we made around um it's 934
Look on book map, go around that same time right here. Like how is the market reacting at these levels, right? Like, okay, are we seeing a lot of aggressive sellers coming in and being rewarded? I wouldn't say so yet, to be honest. I mean, we're seeing sellers, but I wouldn't say we're really getting too rewarded just yet. But these are ways you can combine these different tools. I like the setup, but I'm not there just yet. Can I ask, would you retry if it fails? So that just depends on context. Like if you're very confident in this setup.
on a directional reason and maybe it just got wicked out and as soon as it hit your stop and then it went without you very quickly and you could see like the market was pretty aggressive then yeah like that's definitely one you could you know could take with a grain of salt jetting down below this level pretty aggressively now coming into this lower volume here
i'm interested to see how we react we've got 20 more seconds on this candle close see if we can depending on how we close if we get a retest and then another good question that some of you guys hopefully have is like how do you know if you're trading this based on just kind of like using the levels how do you know which entry to use because i think the thing a lot of people struggle with is like you know there is having a system like you want to have like a set series of events and decisions you make but like you do need to understand how to operate in context so like for example
How would you know when to sit out? How would you know when to be more aggressive? That sort of thing. And a lot of it comes down to just getting a little bit deeper look on the markets. What I'm looking at here, as we're coming to these areas, we've got quite the bid wall down here. I would expect the market to jet down into this liquidity. I'd be surprised if it didn't. And I want to see how it responds there. Because we see there's a decent amount of bids here. Nothing crazy. But I look at it like there's a lot more liquidity to the downside. Now, if that...
doesn't get in hit into and we start to reverse that can give us a whole new idea entirely another thing that you want to be going towards as well and this is something you have to balance my brain thinks like this look i'm i'm not tied to any bias right if we see sell setups i'd be happy to take a sell if we see a you know a buy setup i'd be happier to take a buy now not because i care but just because like i look at like the if we get a buy it's gonna be
a pretty nice move we might not get that that's okay but i always remind myself of both those things and that i think that it kind of like reduces a little bit of the pressure so much if that makes sense to execute does that make sense because i think a lot of it is kind of thinking in the right ways and you have to cultivate a mental environment and a thought and thought patterns that do that and a lot of trading comes down to like getting over scarcity mindset getting over fear of missing out because a lot of mistakes you make are just simply because you're anxious and why are you anxious
because you feel like it's game time and there's a lot of importance a lot of significance around this and you feel like you need to think fast good and it's it's while it is true you need to think faster than the average person probably not as fast as you're trying to think right which is also another reason why i had put a lot of time into just trying to develop something that's a little bit slower right with the first candle rule yeah there's multiple video lessons um there's a lot of stuff in the live trading then there's a whole video about the volume profile and order flow but i think the best way to learn this stuff is watching
as it's being used. 25, 416 area would be the stop if we get an entry. What I'm watching for in these situations is like, you know, ideally when we came down and like broke through that first candle low, which was right here, it's like at this 934 area. Ideally, you want to see like if we get a big red bubble, like a lot of sellers entering the market, you want to see that red bubble defended, which we don't have, right? So that's why I'm like a little bit leaning away from taking a sale just yet. I would say it's pretty conflicted as of right now.
Because if we look like where a lot of the selling happened, you know, in the day since we opened, it was lower than we are right now. So I want to see us kind of like reclaim and hold under this level. I do like the sell idea. But does that make sense? Because you're basically watching the aggression through a key level or aggression away from it. And then where that aggression started, you want to see a retest of that level and see it defended. But I mean, bookmap, it's more price is what you're looking for. And I say defended. I mean, you're hitting into it and it's not getting above it and you're moving down.
like for example like let's say on a book map you have a big move down and you've got a huge bubble right here so the market moves down once it moves back up to it do you see a lot of green without price moving up
And then as soon as red comes in, you start to move down. That's being defended. I only watch Casper's videos. Am I the founder of the first candle rule? The first candle rule is built off of the orb strategy. The orb strategy is one of the oldest strategies. So by no means am I the founder of like the idea of having an opening range. I'll never take credit for that. However, the way that we trade it is the way that I have put it together. Now, there are tons of different ways people trade it. Some people just use them as levels and they'll trade like a breakout and look for a 0.2 DV. There's tons.
tons tons tons tons of different ways to trade it and yeah like think of that like support and resistance you know it's funny like support and resistance is a term that i think a lot of people get off by because you know they're taught like it's like when you first learn trading and it's like you know like i don't know i feel like a lot of times people learn trading a better way now but when i learned it was like here's how to trade you just look for these levels in the market balance it's just like yeah it's not that fucking easy that's what most people think of when they think of support and resistance however everything you're doing is a form of finding support and resistance
everything you're doing like with your key levels whether you realize it or not you're trying to find areas to trade from now that term and nomenclature i think the language of it makes it almost feel like crude or like elementary but it is you know that is what you're doing so now we're getting up to this area and another thing i'll look at as well as like since the market opened like notice right here is like 9 30. since the market opened where the majority of sellers at all right we're kind of swallowing them up typically what i like to see in this
moment is some kind of aggression on the buying side which is what we're seeing but i like to see more of it i'm leaning more towards taking along if i do stop would most likely be at like 370 yeah decently sized stop there just want to see how much would be on that
369 for tesla not there just yet i'm just kind of evaluating risk i want to see a little bit more than what we have right now but just kind of get in a position size ready now we're at that moment we're just bouncing back and forth again i'm not necessarily ready to execute if anything now it's looking like it wants to sell off
If we see this continued and rewarded, we might finally get our move. But again, it's just waiting until you have clarity. One of the biggest things I can tell you is that if you try to force yourself to find trades, you will find them, whether they're actually there or not. And if you just kind of get over the fear of possibly missing a trade, the quality of decisions you make will be so much better. Your level of stress will be so much lower. You'll be able to actually see progress as a trader because you're not freaking out all the time.
So I don't like that, that kind of price action for a long, kind of just dancing around in this high volume, not really giving any clarity just yet. On week two, you go through key levels. But then also too, you kind of just, you'll learn more as you go as well. But fair value gaps, week four as well. There's some in week four. And then if you're using one of the specific models from week eight, some of them have different levels, like the time-based models. But the concept of key levels, you'll learn in week two.
what do i make of that 200 point jump pre-market uh it was based on news but i don't really i'm more so just watching like how does the market respond to it is i'm not i'm not looking over here and thinking that like this doesn't influence anything i'm doing right now hey jesse i feel like we have a lot of volume volume but buyers aren't being rewarded i think you could say i mean what do you i like what do you see more red or green feel a lot more red i'd say neither side are but it's still consolidating but i wouldn't look at it like that i would say if anything buyers are more rewarded
than sellers because you look at like how sensitive is the market right when when a green bubble comes in the market seems to move up most of the time right now as of right now now that can change but as you see red red red red red red red didn't didn't really make much progress but we're also still sitting inside of the first five minute range of the day so it's not necessarily like we've made any significant moves height of the range structure premium and discount still working as the course we have no man you're asking like
Like, yes, market structure is still a thing for sure. It's always going to be a thing. But I think a lot of people overthink it, right? Like it's just like, just look at the chart. Like on this timeframe, let me just drill. What market structure are you in? Bullish, right? A lot of people overthink like, oh, but what if it's just like, you know, on this chart, what market structure are you in, right? Are you manipulating or displacing anywhere? You see what I mean? Like it's something I think a lot of people like tremendously overthink, but it's overall just like, what is the flow of the market and how is the market responding to it? And always just looking up.
and seeing like okay cool like where are we at relative to everything else how do you configure the anchor volume profile so you just mark it five full days back so you wouldn't include the first like the day you're on and then you would just go mark it five so it's like one two well on this one i marked the uh swing point just because we're at the top of that five day range but usually you're going to mark it five days back or at the most pivot point to now and then for the settings you just want to have uh ticks per row row size five
this is what you'll change. We're not really seeing too much action just yet. And this is also too, like, you don't ever want to just sit and like endlessly watch too much on this. Once you start to like, like you want to clearly outline what you're looking for. So like for me, what I was looking for is like, okay, if we sell off here, do we get a large amount of sellers pushing to the level that are defended? We didn't get that. Do we get a large amount of sellers that end up getting absorbed? We might be getting that.
right because like we're coming back back down into that 370 area where those sellers were if we look you're always trying to think of like who's in control right if someone's in control if one side's in control they're not going to stay in the red for long a lot of the sellers came in at this 370 or below okay that was like the last area sellers kind of got absorbed at so as the market comes back down to this area does it start to move to the upside or you know are those sellers still in control and the market moves lower but again you're just looking for this at key levels though you're not just looking for it anywhere
and another thing too that is a nice reminder for you guys whenever you're looking to trade from like the edge of value so basically once the market comes into like a big area like this and the market comes up in outside of the edge so to speak like once you get on the lower like the slope understand that you can chop a little bit right like you want to get clear clear confirmation that you're actually moving away from it there is no time slice on bookmap you just you mean like zooming in i mean it's just
It's year on one timeframe, which is now. That's the best way to think of book map. You're just looking at time and sales data. Would I expect to have consolidation today since we have CPI Friday? No, I personally like sometimes the day before, if price has been consolidating or it's looking like it's consolidating, will I think like that? But I think that just having like a mechanical, like kind of like ICTs, like don't trade Mondays, don't trade high impact news, don't trade Thursday of NFP week, don't trade after Tuesday. It's just like, okay, like Jesus Christ, like, you know, you're talking about half your trading year.
i think that was like honestly one of the most damaging things like that used to get me like when i was learning ict it's because i'd be like okay cool and then it's like jesus you can't even trade don't don't trade this don't trade after the first hour of the day don't trade lunch don't trade and i get it some of them are good and you know i do think you should have limits on when you trade but like you know don't make it to where you know i think you put a lot of significance and like a lot of importance and pressure on yourself whenever you have those kind of mental constructs and just ways of thinking because a lot of times like
the stuff that we're talking about is easy with analysis like most most of you guys i notice when you're newer you focus all on analysis and like getting it right and you don't realize you probably already know enough to make a ton of money and your energy should be thinking of like okay cool like how can i improve myself how can i improve the way i think it's kind of like there's a really great book on this it's called um it's like how to 10x not 2x or something like that it's if you just looked up like
10x thinking or something it's by dan sullivan and uh benjamin hardy amazing book because you realize like across all of the people who performed at the highest level in life it was more so about removing 80 of what they think their habits how they how they process things like that's the most important way thing for you to do more so than like trying to add add more so like a lot of times you know if you guys were able to remove a lot of the bad habits you have as a trader or remove a lot of the limiting ways you think
you would become a much better trader and the information you already have access to would be better leveraged. Because truthfully, that's the differentiator. That's why you'll see the same people go through the exact same curriculum and some people have exponentially better results. Now, not to get off topic, but I guess on topic because we're trading, I'm starting to like what I'm seeing here on the downside. I want to see if we can get some kind of aggression here. We don't really have any super clear absorption, but I do like.
the way we're starting to trade to the downside. I want to get some kind of displacement though. 10X is easier than 2X. Yeah, that's the book. The book changed my life. I remember I read it in like 2022 or 23. No, I think it was like 2023. And it really did change. Because like you realize that like a lot of the stuff that you focus on is the stuff that everybody focuses on. And if you just focus on that kind of stuff, you know, you get trapped in like thinking in a linear way. Like how can I do more? How can I put in more effort? You know, that sort of thing.
I think of where I would have like stops. I'd say like that 375 level would be pretty good.
let's see if we can get a little bit of a move to the upside first in these moments i'm trying to see do we get come up and get a retest from where this started and how do we react to it as you can see we're kind of like hitting into some of these areas that we sold off from i want to see if this aggression continues or if these sellers get swallowed up so it's really just kind of waiting to see how we respond to these little areas and mainly with price not just with bookmap also notice we've got a pretty big ask wall coming up here at that 360 area i like where we're at
Take a cell right there. I'll leave an open TP for now. The stops are at that 375 area. Probably watch around this down here.
now in these kind of scenarios i want to see that same kind of aggression continued like i want to see set because we've had there's different contexts for setups like when you're trading something where there's like a lot of consolidation and finally you start to get expansion typically you want to see that move like continue you don't want to see too much like you can see retracements but you want to see key levels defended like you want it to be a pretty aggressive you know like stay your way down like you don't want to see the kind of stuff where it's like
waiting around waiting around boom doesn't really just you don't want to see that like right it's not what you want to see 334 has got a pretty big i'm going to go ahead and move my stops down to
i'll move them down to like 341 just to give a little point above so we've cut down a tremendous amount of risk on that only about 20 points in risk the reason for that is i'm just noticing this the ask is lowering significantly around that 335 area don't want to really see us get too far above that i would say actually i could give it 346 or seven and the reason i moved it up there just six more points we're still cutting a lot of risk from where we originally were as we do have this marina this area of buyer or sorry sellers up here
this is kind of like where we saw the tipping point of where we started to sell off we entered because we saw a nice displacement first off we've tried to break the range down here sellers obviously stepped in buyers attempted to push the market higher consolidated all these attempts at buying were thwarted right here was where i started to say okay cool like someone's trying to push this market down right
Now, as you saw up here, they try to push it up, push it down. And finally, we saw that tipping point where sellers really took control. Now it's to see, do they continue taking control? Because we're going into these areas of lower volume. You want to see the market either move really quickly or you don't want to be a part of it. That's also why I move my stops up pretty aggressively. With the good news is the sweeping longs. Yeah, you could say that. I mean, I'm just more so watching price. I'm not...
i try not to read into it like that too much like i just look at like like i don't know i don't know if people long because of news i i don't know why people long i just all i know is what the market's telling me right in terms of actual price action or what i think it's telling me i should say i'm honestly not really liking the way it looks i'm gonna leave my stops because we trailed them up i'll leave them where they're at but i'm not really liking that that reaction there seems like we have at least somewhat of a nice reaction from that low i'm gonna go ahead and move my stops up just above i'll actually put them right here
at this 339 just cutting being pretty aggressive on risk here i'm putting them at that low maybe i spoke too soon maybe it's gonna play nice i do at least like that we'll see how i want to get some fall through so like the way my brain works right now is like okay cool we saw some buyers step in we did see sellers step in to defend and obviously there is an imbalance of sellers right because if you see buyers stepping in it doesn't take much the downside you want to see these buyers get like aggressively stopped out of their positions now we're starting to see sales come in we're breaking through 300 which is a round number
So what I'll do at this time is I'll put my stops right here at this 302. Just, you know, you could put it at even 30150. And, you know, we're talking a couple ticks here. What I'm trying to do is I want to see it hold under this round number. I'm not trying to see it come back above it too much. Can I explain this from the point of CVD? Yeah, sure. I don't really see too much. Like, I mean, think of it like this. Like CVD is going to show market participants. Okay. So like, let's just say right now.
we don't see a tremendous amount of new market sellers stepping in here yet the market is tipping to the downside so typically that will say that like someone's passively trying to defend and push the market lower what you want to see for a reversal is just a divergence meaning like cvd doing one thing and price doing the other so like for example as we see right here boom we push down we push down with market sales so you know we could say there's some aggression stepping in but with price moving this aggressively
we could say that there's likely some passive traders behind it. Because if it's not aggressive traders pushing the market, then it's likely passive traders, which is what you want. That's the way I interpret it. Some people will tell you different on that. They'll call it like a hidden bull divergence. There's just different ways to look at it. Now, the other scenario you'd see is let's just say if you're hitting into a key level, price is hitting into it. And let's say you hit into it, price can't make a higher high, right? Let's say CVD at the same time.
is making a lot of higher highs well that would show that like buyers are really trying to defend a level but price is not so that would show passive market participation as well so tagged out for small little dub there nothing crazy i want to see how we react here because again like what i was just talking about look we're starting to see like buyers try to step in but we're not really seeing that rewarded in price we've also got a lot of liquidity right here and this is like real liquidity not just always you know you want to see how does the market react right um do we really blast through this
right because if we do i'd say this like 290 area could be a good stop like in situations like this
you can possibly get a really good risk to reward depending on how we unfold what i'm watching for is like how do we react to all this right like does this there's all these sellers stepping in because there's a lot right here a 286 area you could zoom in and you know spread them out but it's in that general range how do those do those sellers stay in control because that's a lot of people stepping in and we're also at an area where there's a lot of liquidity ready people ready to buy so if these amount of sellers don't outweigh those buyers
then you know the move might be over we might start getting some consolidation maybe see a move to the upside right now if those sellers were rewarded and you just see an immediate like it's undeniable you'll just watch and you just blast through all this that's when you can get some pretty aggressive trades uh but i don't see that right now to be clear not yet at least right i'm not in the market yet i didn't put a stop at all there's the point i'm trying to make you guys are missing the point if if you look right here right we're at 25 282 if we were to blast through all of these we'd be below it
So we could then look at it and say, okay, cool. This is the largest area of sellers. I don't want to see that get obtained. I'm not entering the market right now. You could also look at this right here and see if we absorb those buyers that came in at 290 as well. Can you explain that? That was the one I went over earlier. Troy's yelling at me. We retested the 15 minute low. Should newbies get book map? Yeah, I think honestly, like this is kind of like one of those scenarios. Like I'll give you an example. I was very against ever talking to my daughter like a baby.
Because I think whenever you set like that precedent, it makes like a kid act more like a baby. It's kind of like if a kid, every time they fall, even if it's like a stumble, you know, you look at them and like freak out, they start crying. The same thing. So like what I would say is it's a human psychological concept of like, if you tell yourself, I'm a newbie, I can't understand this, I'm going to do this later, then you're going to be right. If you look at it and say, cool, like I think I can understand whatever, if I put my mind to it, it's not going to be overnight, then you're right there as well.
And I think that it's a very, very important way to train your brain to think. Very, very important. So I would say, like, never sell yourself short. Like, sure, you know, you're a newbie, but you're just as new to everything else as you'd be new to this. So that's the way I would look at it. I think every single one of you guys, like, you'll see this a lot. People say, oh, that's too much. Like, it's too much for me. It's like, well, don't do that to yourself, right? Never downplay yourself. Never do that at anything. Believe you can literally do anything. The only way you'll be able to exceed, you know?
So we've seen these buyers step in as 290. We've still got a ton, ton, ton, ton of liquidity down below. Honestly, a huge range of it. So I'm not sure if we'll actually, unless these get moved, like 100 contracts at 250. So now as you'll see, and you'll see like price, as we're getting into these areas, like typically you'll see the market rush into the liquidity like we just did. Now what you want to see is that we can get a pop down to here and how the market responds. Because you're just judging, are these market sellers, like are sellers in control or are buyers in control? All right, so as we jet down into that level, now what do we want to see?
We want to see us blast through this. Also, we get a new stop if we do. So it's what, like 260. And now a lot of you guys are like, oh, what does that mean? What does it mean to blast through it? A lot of times it's going to mean, how do you react in that second little reaction? Because right here, we blasted through it, hit a level. Now what? Does the market start to really come up to the upside? Or do these sellers stay in control and really hammer the market down? Let's say 260 could end up being a stop if we get a nice leg down. Like where we're at on that. I want to see a rush now. I would be even aggressive with this and move it down to like 251.
and now i'll even move it up to my entry i want to see i want to see aggression here i don't want to see it tag back up so stop that entry on that i want to see if this level holds and and you'll notice that like a lot of times if you can get these entries with these kinds of trades and break even your stops really quickly i'm going to just pay attention to this before i mess up my entry hold on
i want to watch to see our responding if any kind of energy comes in from these buyers 241. notice how we hit into this big area right here so like this is what i was talking about earlier you have a large area of buyers larger sellers come into it i want to see like do we get that aggression away from this level our sellers still in control see there's also this cell right here actually would do 246.
Now in these kinds, I want to see really aggressive movement and I want to see it fast. And these are trades that I will actively manage, not would necessarily just leave this here. It's just more so as a fail safe. I'm going to go ahead and move up stops. This trade evade's been doing this to 251 or 201. I'm sorry. So it's almost a break even. Really fucking annoying that I can't drag it. I want to see this hit sooner. I'm just going to close it. Now this is where the kind of moment of truth is. Do we blast through? Do we blast through?
I'm going to put it at 160, 161. Reason I'm putting it at 161, look right here, 158. I want to see these sellers defend this. Give me something. Ah, come on. We've secured good gains regardless. Come on, do that thing. All right, we're out.
Cool. I'm done on that note. Good stuff. So yeah, that is how you use bookmap to scalp and to understand. You guys see how if you can just zoom out of your mind, be aware of yourself, be aware of what you're thinking and not get tied to an idea, not get tied to being too rigid, not get tied to seeing what you want from the market, a whole new world of opportunity unfolds. Okay. So I want you guys.
this class i want you to watch this over and over and over and over again okay no you're not don't be sorry to derail if you would have traded this you would have got the first candle rule entry right here oh wait no i'm sorry i was looking at the wrong level i was like wait no i was like how the did i miss that no you wouldn't have i'm sorry i was like bro what the how did i miss that uh this is the anchored volume profile it's not an indicator it's a tool over here how much did i make today
Don't rob me from my 4,600 bucks. Would a second break of the five minute range be considered an entry? Yeah, for sure. I'm not trading on a prop. That's on my, this is my actual money. This is the account that I started at 9,000. Got it up to almost 140. How do you type in your risk? It just, when you hit sell, type in risk.
might be different between each broker. I love that attitude, Marco. But I also want to say that you can make way fucking more than that. Like, I love the positivity that, you know, you only need half that. But like, what do you need to fucking 10X? What do you need to 100X? What do you need to retire everybody? Because one thing that my mom told me when I was a little kid, that she said a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, over and over and over again, that I really never realized the value of it until I was a grown man, was that something like...
you have to shoot for the moon and you'll land among the stars. And I always just think it was some kind of like corny kid shit, but it's real. It's very real because odds are you'll end up closer to your standards than your goals. That's just the nature of life. So if you start to shift your mind towards thinking of like, how do I 100X? Like, how do I do something that is so insane to me that it like fires me up even thinking about it? Like if you're not getting physical chills from like the vision you have for your life, you need to immediately.
re-decide everything you're thinking about. Because you'll never really know what you're made of until you're pushed to the limit. You never will. It won't happen. Until you're truly pushed to your maximum. And the only way you can do that is unrealistic deadlines and unrealistic targets. It's the only way you can do that. So I want you guys to think about that. I want you guys to watch this class over and over again. I want you guys to ask me any questions at the Discord. We'll go over really quick why I entered the trades I did. But I would recommend watching it live because it's going to be 100 times more valuable.
When we watch the market open up, okay, we're looking for that first five-minute entry. We didn't get it right here. We saw sellers try to step out of the market or out of the range. Didn't happen. The market ended up retracing back in the range. So I said at this time, cool, and mind you as well, we're at the highest volume node. We're at literally the point of control of this whole big-ass move we've had. Think of it. We're at the tipping point, right? This right here was kind of determining who was in control of the market. Was it buyers?
or was it sellers coming back into that area a lot of volume being traded so what happens whenever we come to an area where a lot of sellers can sell they sold okay how do we determine that well the reaction we're getting outside of this high volume node now first i wanted to trade here we didn't get that but once we had that second this is almost better than not having than getting it right here because we know that there were traders that looked right here to get into the market there was some kind of buying
They wanted to buy. Guess what happened? I was watching, and you can go back and watch the replay. I was thinking about longing here, and as soon as I saw this candle, I said, I don't like that. Why? Because in a market that you're seeing, like if we're actually going to see some up movements, when you sweep into this area outside of this high volume like that, and you get some kind of buyers, and then think of it like this. It's kind of like, it's like there's a bunch of like, I don't know, think of it like there's a featherweight boxer fighting a heavyweight, right?
He's like hitting him, hitting him, hitting him in the heavy. It's like, all right, it's time to actually fucking fight. Knocks him the fuck down. And he's like, whoa, that's what happened right there. Somebody's a big dog that's looking to sell. So I start watching at this point. I started hunting. This is where I'm starting to say, okay, cool. And I said, you can go back and watch. I want to see us to get a good displacement down. Why? Because that'll show me that the interaction here, buyers and sellers, buyers and sellers, who's in control, finally, boom. Okay. And how do I confirm that? Well, looking at book map, right? You can also confirm with price. You go back.
like i'm always this makes me think of like a weather forecasting tool i know that sounds stupid but i don't i don't know why anyways as you see right here look right here there was a lot of sellers that came in at this 371 whenever we were moving up and go watch the recording i said i want to see how we react at 371 what happened we came back to 371 and we fell under it and saw more sellers stepping in that tells you someone's trying to push under 370 okay that was originally where our stops were i think it was like 366 or something we moved it down to i can't remember the numbers you'll have to
watch for that but again we entered as we started to push out down here we entered came up as soon as these buyers stepped in and didn't see any success i know okay cool those buyers are trapped boom i don't want to see them rewarded stops above there boom boom boom now i was watching then i was watching all these crazy walls right here because a lot of times people this is where people will use these tools wrong they'll say oh there's a bid wall we're gonna bounce there not always okay yeah sometimes yes not always i promise you that as you just saw in fact
when i'm looking at these things i'm looking at it saying okay cool give me something let's see let's see what's all right sellers let's see let's say you fight a real champion like let's see if you're in and gonna win let's see how good you really are right how control how much in control are you really that's that's what i'm thinking here so i want to see at those levels i want to see and you'll see it right these orders got to get filled from somebody so you'll usually see a tremendous amount of volatility at these levels and then it's kind of like when the smoke clears what happens
I would say looking at this market, it looks like it wants to go down even further, but I'm not going to sit here and keep swinging at it. I'm happy with what I made today. Um, but just for educational reasons or purposes, notice you'll see like these fires consistently hitting back into areas where a lot of sellers stepped in and his price moved down lower. That's it's that simple. Okay. My analogies are to thank you. I try, I think it's very, there's a really good book that, uh, it's called made to stick. If you guys are.
like if you have any position where you like have teams of people or you make content or i mean hell honestly i think everybody should learn it it's just a communication book but it's really good in terms of like it has a concept of schema like for example if i told you hey there's this fruit from japan uh it is you know about four inches in diameter um weighs about like eight ounces uh it's kind of
you know like you're trying to like sit here and think of this but if i were to just tell you hey like this fruit looks like a purple grapefruit instantly you know what i'm saying like i'm tapping into a schema in your brain i'm tapping into something that's familiar so whenever i'm trying to explain something to you that's very unfamiliar like this and then i use analogy of like a heavyweight boxer everybody knows that everybody can envision a dude who weighs 130 pounds trying to fight a dude who weighs 225 everybody can picture that immediately you understood so just a little master class on teaching there
let's go congratulations morgan there's a lot of big dubs here in the chat big dubs where do i see this heading i mean i would say right as of right now down but that could change like if let's say if we just blasted above all these levels right here and reclaimed it i'd say up right where to i would say where all this started but right now down for sure i'm just not gonna continuously swing the bat i i tend to like to get in on where i and this is a good rule of thumb okay now can this market absolutely topple from here yeah sure it definitely can okay always can but
where what i was originally looking at was like high volume node to high volume node okay so like if i look at this kind of this area even like the edges of each one i'm typically not really like super interested in taking a lot of trades too much farther down than halfway because i look at it like okay well where is my overall idea invalidated because like right now the market could literally come all the way up to here and then fall so like when you're trading here like the lower the lower down you get
It's not to say they're bad trades that you can't get them, but notice how much more aggressive. I was really fucking fast with break-evening stops. We took that one break-even. I was like, I'm in. You got like some aggression. It said break-even. Because I'm trying to catch that just like fucking, I just want to see that thing die. You know, I'm just like, it's like you're like, I don't know. There's probably no good, there's a fucked up analogy. I was going to say it's like you're like, you know, in the movies where like the Lion King, it's an awful analogy actually. Why am I even thinking about that? I was thinking about like Mufasa falling and the dude just like knocks him off. Now I'm kind of sad.
that was such a sad part of the movie. It's really fucked up. I watched it actually, um, with my daughter recently and I was like, damn, these Disney movies are fucked up. Like it's sad, you know, and you're a kid. It doesn't like that shit. It's like, Oh my God. Okay. Anyways, there's an example of a Casper style teaching, but, um, I digress. But the point of the fucking, the moral of the story I was trying to make here was the longer you get in an expected move, the less I'm interested in it. Not to say it can't continue because this thing could just,
Like, who knows? I don't know. Fucking, let's say, you know, someone gets bombed or something. Yeah, sure. Like, you'll have black swans and crazy things. But I try not to, like, you know, bet on those too much. I try to protect myself from them. Moral of the story is, if you're scalping the bottom part of a move, you want to knock them off the cliff like Mufasa. It needs to be a relentless down move. How was my deep sea fishing experience? Fucking sick. Actually, almost literally. I got a little seasick at the end.
because like we were we were like 10 miles i think it was like eight miles out actually like eight and a half and it got like super like choppy and i was like damn okay i never believed i mean i i never believed i would get seasickness i just didn't understand it but then i was like i mean i didn't throw up or anything but it was just i mean i like to think that i have pretty good willpower and like a focus i think that if i think a lot of people are probably thrown up please share a little bit more on the mentality of 10x is easier than 2x i think the overall core idea to understand is that
Most people operate from a state of fear and loss aversion, which means that most people compete in an arena that has goals that are based on fear. So for example, if you go out and put a job application out, and I can tell you this for a fact, because I run a company, across all my companies, I have almost 70 employees between real estate, STB, and the software I'm starting up. If you put out an ad for a job that is expected to pay $5,000 a month,
versus an ad that is expected to pay $15,000 to $20,000 a month. Which one do you think gets more applications? 5K. Which means that it is more difficult to go for average than it is to go for exponential gains. And it's a very difficult idea to grasp for most people, because again, most people are rooted in fear. But when you realize the fact that you're rooted in fear actually makes your failure rate higher, and you truly accept that, and you have the courage to let go,
and take the fucking risk and sacrifice security you operate in a whole new playing field and when you operate in this new playing field now things are exciting now things are fun and guess what happens when things are fun and exciting do you do better or do you do worse you see there's not much difference in between you and any of your wildest dreams except the way that you think what you shoot for what you think of yourself what you value of yourself what you deem as your standard because if you look at yourself right now and say i want to be 10x what i am right now
I guarantee whatever you're doing right now would terrify that version of you. Terrify them. They would never do it. They wouldn't do the habits you have. They wouldn't be around the people you're around. They wouldn't think the thoughts you have. 80% of everything that you do would change. So what is that 80% that you need to change? I don't know. I can't tell you. Only you know that. And the only way that I think you'll figure it out is if you really spend a lot of time becoming a much more aware person. You spend a lot of time like working on your overall mental state. I think some great stuff to go into this.
Love him or hate him, Tony Robbins has amazing stuff. A lot of people clown on him. Dude's probably one of the most goaded human beings that's alive, in my opinion. I couldn't recommend his books enough. But when you start to change the way you think, people talk about intuition. You know people that you just see and they're just good at everything they do? I know everybody probably knows at least one person like that. But you know the reason why is because their state of mind is elevated and their intuition, meaning the ideas that just come to them, the decisions they make on a whim.
what they're drawn to is simply at an elevated level. How do they do that? It's just elevating your state of mind, the way you think. Again, going back to what I was saying, when you start to not think from a fear mindset. Now, some people are blessed to have been raised with this. I'd say very few people are blessed. I would say a vast majority of people were raised in ways that fight and destroy that way of being.
You have to repair it. It's up to you. You're an adult. It's up to you to repair it. A lot of times people will spend so much time on low leverage things. I see it a lot with you guys. I tell you guys every fucking time I come on here. And some of you guys probably roll your eyes at me. Some of you guys probably think it's silly, but I may know a thing or two. Like for example, spending 99% of your time just staring at a chart all day and not working on yourself and not...
letting go of ego to realize like, hey, maybe I'm not as disciplined or maybe I'm not as advanced as I may have thought. But that's a good thing because now I have the opportunity to grow. Like I can tell you guys like to stop trying to overcomplicate things into a million pieces and instead maybe spend an hour of the day trying to meditate journal, like figure out these things we're talking about. Because I guarantee it, dude. I guarantee it. If you ask me, okay, you've got five people that have never traded before. You got to bet.
a hundred thousand on one of them i'm not even gonna fucking care anything they know about like i'm not even gonna talk about trading with them i'm gonna talk about them and feel it figure out what kind of person they are before i even that's that's what's gonna make the bet help with a possible reversal now in the chart like see exactly like i'm not i'm not like you're focused on the wrong thing right now like i'm not looking for reversal we've already made money trading there'd be no reason i would want to trade a reversal here you know what i mean like i understand like you can rationalize like to look for that but like why
there's so much higher leverage things that your brain could be fixated right on right now that would make such a more meaningful impact on what you're doing to where you would be able to do these things, right? Because odds are, you know what you're looking for. Maybe you even see it. Maybe we do get a reversal, but you don't have that full conviction yet because you want me to tell you there's going to be a reversal, which is okay. But at the same time though, I think that we go over trading, we learn trading, we execute.
But then I need to focus on the things that are going to really move the needle for you guys, which is a mixture of all that and the way you think. Because notice, I'm not even looking at it. I'm not even considering another trade right now. I'm just not. There's no reason why I would trade. The market's made a fucking insane move. Since market opened, we're now at 300 points. It made at peak 400 point move in an hour. We made money on it. We won. We fucking won. Why the fuck would we put our neck on the line again? You know what I mean?
And then there'll be two ways to think about it. It's like, well, yeah, but I'm trying to I'm trying to learn or yeah, but I'm trying to figure this out. I'm just practicing. But it's like and you can rationalize these things. I mean, I've actually would say that most of the time it's easier to rationalize the wrong decision than the right one, because I would say most people are logical and rational people. Most people make decisions based on what makes sense. But then the most successful people are delusional. But is it that they're actually delusional? Or is it that because the standard of what delusional means is based among?
the mass amount of people it's the collective belief but anyways i could go on all day about this i want you guys to really really where did i start to work on psychology i think the best book that you could read to start is awakening the giant within by tony robbins i think that if you're one of those people that like all this stuff i'm saying sounds really good you know you're you're willing to like have an open mind like really try to like restructure who you are as a person i'd say that is hands down the best book you could ever read there's a tremendous amount of other books but i'd say that book is
literally life i've given that book to people multiple times like friends that have been like dude that book changed my life that book changed my life when i was younger i read that book like 10 years ago um i remember that book like there was a multiple multitude of books that book was the most single impactful book i would say awakening the giant within by tony robbins yeah there's a list of books in the discord as well but like here's the thing i'm gonna challenge this don't like why would you just get the one i just told you and read it
Because what you're going to do is you'll have a list. You'll make this nice list. You'll go order all these books. You'll get them on your shelf. And then guess what? By the time you actually come to read, you can't even pick which one you want to read. And then the dream dies. One foot in front of the other. Buy that one book and read it before you think about what you're doing, before you try to pick which book. Because at the end of the day, that ends up just burning out your dopamine. Because you have enough dopamine to get motivated to take action on something. But then by the time you end up planning it out, you've already burned all that energy. I don't believe in audiobooks, to be honest.
I'm a hater of audiobooks. I think that reading is like an exercise in and of itself. I always am super dickheadish when people argue with me about audiobooks. It's not reading. It's not. People are like, I read better that way. No, you don't. You don't. You think you do, but you don't. There's literal scientific evidence showing that if you read something, it commits to your brain better. If you read it, write it, and hear it, then it's different.
I think that if anything, like Alex Quirmosi has a really good one. I've never personally done too much, but listening to the audio book while you're reading to help you stay on pace. But I'm a big reader, right? I think reading literally makes you smarter because what is like a lot of time is just down to focus. Like most people are just so fucking monkey brain. They can't even focus on something for 10 minutes. So like when you read, most people would say they hate reading or like, I suck at reading. I hate reading. It's like, no, you just can't focus. Like, can you read? Yes or no. Okay. You can read. Cool. Just not, don't focus.
not like you just like get better at putting the letters and sounds together like no you just focus more and i tell you like it's a really good skill to be able to read at a very fast pace like it's it's funny i actually saw a viral thing going around recently it was like this like video and it had different words coming on the screen at a different pace that i could read the fastest one because i read so much dude i've read this year i've already read like four books this year i'm like really like a
probably 20 to 30 percent through the next one was there a time when you had a hard time focusing while reading yeah for sure i used to literally fucking pay people in school to lie about the tests we had to do on books because i didn't read
and pay people to do it for me i was you know i was definitely and then even when i was older like i mean um i remember like the first time that i read was when i was like 16 or 17 and i was terrible at it took me like two months and it was that book it was a fucking awake in the giant book took me months to read that literal months also i was obviously like partying and being an idiot like i was a kid just and i was obviously not the greatest kid so that probably didn't help but anyways good stuff today guys um i'm gonna have this class uploaded to the the
portal because it was fucking absolute master class on uh trading live using these concepts and then also using the first candle rule in a way where it's not just the mechanical idea but it's also using the idea of the opening range good stuff guys as always much love and i'll see you guys tomorrow peace out what's going on guys hope you're enjoying the video if you are tired of trading alone
I do have a live trading room where I screen share, show you all my executions, break down why I'm taking the trades, and I help you avoid the losing trades. And you just get an overall behind the scenes look at the actual implementation and execution of trading. I know whenever I started trading almost a decade ago, all I ever wanted was to be able to sit there and actually trade live with my mentor. So if that sounds like something you're interested in, join the live trading room using the link in the top of the description.
hope you guys are enjoying the video make sure to be taking notes and i'll see you inside the trading room real quick let's go over a quick little game plan i wanted to show you guys a little bit of how to use some of these uh the fixed range profile um as well as the anchored range so one really easy way to do this is you want to think of the market whenever we're starting to you know make a big trend or make a decision you'll see the market doesn't really move like this okay it doesn't really move like this it moves more like this
Right. And these are the kind of areas where you get killed. Right. And then you kind of miss out on these big moves. So what you can do is whenever we have that move up and you know, in a bullish area, it's going to be like a flag or like a P not telling you to trade bull flags. But you'll see like right here, we see a big move up and a consolidation down. You could say the same for here if we went on a higher time frame. And you can do this on any time frame, by the way. You could literally do this on any time frame. You'll see that this happens again and again. So one thing you can do is take a profile.
market on these ranges like you know if you're a higher time frame trader you could market maybe all the way down here you're looking for like a lower time frame you could market more on these consolidations but one way I like to market is right here we had an expansion up look where we had the expansion that was right here and then just market to the rest of consolidation now what you can do here and the reason this is powerful is that you're looking at the market like if it's gonna be bullish you want it to stay bullish for longer meaning if you have a big move up you want
buyers and sellers to agree on these higher prices. Then you're typically going to see a little chop around, probably from the high to the low a couple times, and form a range before going to the upside. Now, not every single range is going to sweep liquidity before it moves to the upside. Sometimes they have swept liquidity a while ago, but then it just consolidates for a while, breaks out, and starts to run. So a couple different setups you can look for in these times. Also, pairing this with the idea that we are at this, are we saying on Discord or you drop it when they want you to upload your ID cards?
i mean i'm not gonna drop it for just that i think that's like like what like i mean let's be honest what do you think they don't like have that i don't know i mean you know what i mean like they probably know who you are you pay for it i would guess unless you don't have nitro the the point i'm trying to make here is that we want to see trading through either the high or the low and then we want to see a reaction to it right this is where we can look for the same reactions that we're talking about before whether we're looking for a first-hand rule whether we're looking for some kind of absorption
whatever it may be right we can see once we hit these levels but once we move into a consolidation like this we want to see either hitting into the low or into the high to frame a high quality trade okay because the longer you chop the more likely you're going to continue chopping until proven otherwise so since we have this very very high area of volume it's not a surprise that we're kind of consolidating that's that's normal
So what I want to see is, you know, are we going to, are bears going to stay in control or are bulls going to stay in control? If bulls stay in control, I think we'll have a really aggressive move all the way through all this, right? Now, we'll see if that happens. But what would constitute that happening for me is if we can make a nice move up, stay outside of this area, this value area, and also this high volume note, and start to show signs that buyers are in control. Then at that point, we could take a long and just let that thing run. Let's say if the market starts to revert from here.
Maybe take a trade down towards this low if the market hits into this low and we're not in the market Watch to see if we get a reversal or continuation there So it's just a way to trade the consolidations after these price discovery moves. So I'm going to Leave these and I'll show these settings. I'll leave them up for a second It can be the same pretty much except that put the row size a little different. I just put it as one So you have like a very big area, but mainly what I'm focused on here is just the value I'm not really focused on like all the nodes. I'm using this over here for that
pretty simple stuff but just easy and you can do this on any time frame like i would say the larger the time frame the better but you can do this like for example let's say if you're trading on a lower time frame and you hit into a pool of liquidity it's kind of like the fail flip logic that i've taught you guys a lot like the longer you stay above it
the more likely you're going to continue if you get this reversion down. So like you can also use this to kind of get an idea. Like right here, if we're looking at this, we can lean bullish, right? Because right now, until proven otherwise, the market's been bullish. Like as far as on this timeframe. If you look at the four hour, it's kind of the same thing too. Like the four hours, very similar. We've had a big move up from the lows all the way up here. And we're putting in bullish structure, but it's just a different way to kind of look at structure. And I think this can help a lot of you guys with, some people get confused with structure and kind of overthinking it.
I think this can be a very good way to look at it. It also kind of like makes things a little simpler and it removes the pressure because in these consolidations, it's almost like subconsciously you're just like, I don't know. I feel like for me, at least whenever I was learning out of trade, when the markets would be consolidating, it was just kind of like you have this like sense of anxiety or something. You feel like you're about to miss the move. It's like the calm before the storm or something. But I think when you think like that, it ends up causing a lot of mistakes.
an easy way like an easy roadmap i think is very important to kind of determine like okay well what am i looking for right um otherwise you know i mean not i guess some people can make money in this like i mean i guess you can i'm not a huge fan of this i like trading moves like we got yesterday where we're fading the edge of value where we actually have a good high quality setup where you can expect this to happen because it's kind of funny like yes you need to be patient in your trades and like let them play out but also like let's be real like
Who likes getting in a trade that doesn't really move? You know what I mean? Like I've seen like gurus and like all sorts of people act like it's like, oh, like just be patient. It's like, yes, but like if your strategy isn't catching moves at the right time, that's not a matter of patience, it's a matter of not efficient. Do you have a CBD divergence? You can have a hundred different things. You might have 50 different things right here, but you shouldn't even be looking for it considering what I'm saying whenever we're talking about waiting to see if we get a good setup.
Like you can have a one minute S&T, fair value gap, S&T, whatever. It doesn't matter. Don't those things you look at whenever you actually have context to look for them. Otherwise, they're just noise. Very, very important. Very important. Like the one thing that I want you guys to practice is like awareness and like reminding yourself constantly of the frameworks and guidelines that are going to keep you successful. One of those is not just looking for every single signal all the time. Think of it like you're kind of like.
almost like you're like a you're in a script and the market is like the script right like you're you kind of just go through it is if you're just unconscious and kind of like mindless you just kind of like play into whatever the market's doing at that moment you kind of just go with the flow and just react and it's like oh like signal bye oh you know what I mean like instead like be the few who kind of wakes up it's kind of like how the world works right
Like, so many people just kind of, like, live by this, like, script, this society programmed. And then very few people wake up and, like, live in an actual awareness of how things work. Think of it like that with everything you do. A measurement of context. Gold tapped a high value. You know, you mentioned before yesterday. Did it actually? I didn't get an alert. Yeah, I guess it did. I just didn't see it. Or is it set? I think it's still set. I don't know if it did. I mean, it definitely did. I don't know. It's weird.
I wouldn't I don't see anything yet to be honest of this personally like this is just still try same thing as yes really it's literally the same like maybe if you're like swing trading on a really high time frame or something but I personally wouldn't be involved in this yet it's it's getting there like you know but I just would want more clarity kind of like where you know NQ's at right now like I would want more to it than what we have it's kind of like something like book map or any of these tools like you're not gonna like for example this morning I could be like oh like sellers are stepping in oh buyers are stepping in sellers stepping in it doesn't matter
Not until you're actually in an area that it matters. And sure, sometimes moves are going to happen from areas you may have not plotted out or whatever that happens, right? But like you have to have a consistent framework to what you're doing and when you look for these things. Because like, think of it like this. As soon as you zoom in, it's kind of like a battlefield, right? Like if there's a leader on the battlefield, typically they're not really looking down their sights a lot. They're looking at the battlefield, understanding where the danger is.
Whenever you go into your entry mode, your confirmation, like that kind of brain, you're looking down the sights. Inherently, like even if you're good, you're going to kind of at least a little bit blind yourself to what's going on around you because you're focused on that. So it's very important to make sure that when you're focused on that is the right time to be focused on that. You don't want to just be like always hunting for an entry, always like, oh, we swept a high, we swept a low. This, boom, CABD, SMT. No, don't do that, right? Because then you're just kind of like.
basically like reacting it's like you're just basically like a at that point you're like a inner tube out in the ocean with no motor no steering just wherever the waves push it you end up you want to be like the big cruise ship you want to be in control of where you're going yeah sure there there isn't any um first camel strategy entry yet it would be very simple though if we get a closure outside of this right here and then a retest like so for example if we started to hit this and got a nice big push
I want to see if we could get through this first. Right now on the downside, I would probably trade it more than the upside. Like in terms of just executing it right then. Because like the room, see like how right here, we have very few room to an area where I would say that if we get here and still get confirmation, I would rather trade from there with higher conviction than try to trade before we get to that area. Again, like it blows my mind. I want to be blunt with you guys. All you guys are literally not listening to me. It's like buyers not rewarded. Bro, guys, I'm telling you.
Right now is the time, like this is exactly what I just said. Literally just said this. And you say with me, and you listen to me. If you're going to be in here, if you're going to be trying to learn from me, I need you to listen to me. There's a reason I'm not sitting here watching for an entry, okay? Trust me. That's the reason that you lose money if you're like that. I promise you, if you do those things, if you constantly find yourself doing those things, the highest leverage thing you can do is stop doing that. Promise you. Super important. It's like you can always find a reason to enter.
Pick anywhere on this entire screen anywhere. Watch this. I'm just going to pick a random spot.
oh well right here right here we swept a high and had a market structure shift down we ain't had a candle engulfing well right right here we had a fair value gap to the upside through a high retested it candle engulfing but you see what i'm saying like you could just like continuously do this like all day long and just look for signals and patterns like you're not going to win in a game where most people fail by matt like by having like some kind of very like mindless system like that
It's going to need to have an idea of what you're doing, some kind of clear parameters. Like, for example, first candle rule. What we want to see is at least a closure outside of this before you even look for the behavior for entry. You don't even think about it until then. You don't even think about it, right? Same thing for any of these volume profile strategies. You want to hit into a key level before you look for any kind of confirmation. Until then, you're not looking for it. Because if it was just a confirmation, you would just look for that only. That's all you would do. Damn, I hate to hear that, Mohamed. Yeah, gold is...
pain sometimes especially with these wild markets but i think that the fact that you went through that and now you're up this much in february is a huge testament to your skill as a trader i would look at what happened as a win obviously in the future you may be able to avoid that but you know at the end of the day like the way that you responded like that you know people that are there are two ways to look at things there's either opportunities or there's you know challenges right so like you took that as an opportunity to get better that's how you use that
I'm interested to see if we get this five minute closure outside of this range. Good deal before that candle closes. Hopefully it doesn't run too, too far. But let's just say if the candle closed right now, that would confirm the first candle strat. Because we traded back into this level, so it's a retest. But I don't want it to run too far here. If it does, I would just wait for this and then possibly take a trade from there. You see what I mean? I think the other key is not having a scarcity mindset and not being afraid to miss a trade to take another one.
That's that's like another major key that I want you guys to understand I'm with a new FCR strategy Can you explain if there would be a situation where you would move to 15 minute? I haven't tested it with that to be honest like there is no situation I think that that's gonna lead to a much bigger stop than you could weather though Was there a retest? Yes, because this candle so there's a clip after this camera that closed out of it Right after this candle right here closed out of it. Now you're looking for a retest All a retest is is a candle trading into this level
and then closing outside of it it doesn't have to be like structure forming or anything it's just this candles wick trade it into that level if this candles wick was right here it wouldn't be a retest yeah so hopefully that was a light bulb i think a lot of people think of retesting they think it has to be like structure like it has to like some no it doesn't need to be that it's just that the candle itself
Visualizing is going to be typically similar to other entry models you're looking at on like the one minute or five. It's just an easier way to do it. I guess easier for some maybe, maybe not everybody, but I would say like it's more mechanical. It's on, or not even more mechanical, more, I guess, simple. It's on a one timeframe. Where would you move a fixed range volume profile to? I would just move it on like recent structure on like a one hour probably is the best way to do it. And like structure to me is like, okay, like where was the last impulse was right here. And then anything past that, it's in that consolidation too.
So say I would take it from here and kind of mark it over. And the retest candle can be the same color. Yeah, absolutely. Oftentimes it will be. To see like how far we've ran on this, I would just wait to see what happens down here towards this area. And once we start to get out of this value right here, I wouldn't execute it and chase it from where it's at right now. Might take the same direction trade once we hit here, but I look at it like, okay, well, we have a possible problem area here. And then in this lower volume that we're starting to see, I want to see our sellers really in control here, right? At these levels. Because if they are,
then cool maybe i continue selling and take it lower but i want to see how they handle this first problem area you very well could see the market start to uh reverse from here you know we really don't know that's kind of what it's been doing right if we look over this whole structure that's literally what's been happening since this monday beginning this whole week has just been a balance between this so 70 of the trading has been done within this range so we know that most traders are positioned here and every time we see the market kind of peek outside that's kind of a test to see if we're going to go to a new area
and the market consistently is reverting back so until we prove that that's not going to happen then i personally wouldn't be super interested in betting on it happening this uh anchored volume purple i have right now is on this price leg so we went over this yesterday it's just on this like whole price laid down right because it's pivot point to the downside just because if you do it over the last five days you're at the top it looks pretty similar but like let's say if like if i were to market like so one two three five we're at like the very top
so sometimes it's kind of like if you look left and there's structure right there you don't really know it's passed so it's nice to see you know if you're trading at that area okay well are there some kind of hidden levels there so why have i added the volume profile so i use the volume profile and order flow for quite some time like if you go back and watch some of our older videos i went into it simply but just to be candid with you i'm always looking to level up my trading as well right i think that like there's this kind of like notion i see in some people that it's really silly it's like oh i just
i just don't want to keep learning i just want to have one thing and never change and it's like that's a fear mindset that that's what that is that's basically saying like i need to have some kind of safety net to protect me from failure rather than i want to be better i think that that's a very bad way to think first and foremost second off i just started to speak to a ton of professional traders every single one of them uses it right and then i started to realize like after even talking with like emory he was like bro i mean you already do
like he was like the fail flip stuff you do is literally a volume profile concept and similar to a lot of strategies it's all the same it's just different ways of visualizing the data and confirming it so once i started to see that the volume profile aligned with a lot of the stuff i was doing and in fact gave it a little bit more of an edge i started to really latch on to it and then i started to you know it's helped my trading tremendously now we're hitting down to this area now we've kind of hit down i want to see what happens here right
We've got a lot of selling to the downside. I want to see how are these levels defended. Got a pretty big bid wall down here at 200. I don't know if that'll stay. Sometimes these get moved, but 236 contracts, which is wild. So we'll see how, if we actually respect that or not. But I'm interested to see how all these sellers here, if they defend their positions and push the market lower, I'd really be interested to see how we'd react here. That would be what I'd like to watch.
more than anything i was looking at this a few years ago but never really understood it and not many people were using it i think that they definitely were this wasn't as much on social media because trading wasn't as popular but i think a lot of times too with this kind of concept and you'll see this a lot people try to like make it sound more complicated than it is to sound smart or people are just not good at simplifying things like a lot of the institutional traders i talked to these guys could never teach someone how to trade that wasn't advanced
They just don't simplify shit. They just and they talk in a really complicated way, which is cool and it's very valuable. But like to most people, it just shuts down. Right. Unless you have a high experience level. So, you know, that's kind of like my purpose. Right. I like taking really complex ideas, simplifying them into things that are actionable and inspiring people by showing them like, hey, you can learn this, too. It's kind of like what I've built this entire brand on. That's what I try to do with this stuff, too. Interested to see how we react here.
I'd really like to see us come down and test this area, but not like dead set on it. It'd be nice. Book map, 75 a month. To be honest with you, dude, I have no idea what it costs. It sounds bad, but I just, when I know I'm going to use something, I just buy it. And I always buy the cheapest version. I always get annual or whatever. But it's a tax write-off and I get a discount on it. Rather spend the money than have it sit in a bank account. The red line, this is, any of these heat maps you see, any of these heat maps you see are limit orders, okay? When you see them stop, like see how there's limit, there's heat maps here. That means that these limits either were...
removed or they were filled right in this example they're probably filled because you see selling going into a buying limit order same right here you see buying going into a selling limit order and you can see they're consistently moving because a lot of people a lot of these are algorithmic right a lot of them are like automatically moving they might be trailing stops trailing there's a lot of different reasons they could be there try not to buy into that too much like for example you could you might see this get moved like a lot of times if you'll see something insane like this sometimes it's like a spoof and you'll see it get moved before it actually gets hit because you got to remember like
People at the highest level are watching this and looking for other areas. They're trying to trap traders. I mean, it really is. It does work like that when you're at the highest level. That's why a lot of times people use iceberg orders. They won't even scale into their full position at once because they don't want to be targeted. That is a lot of how that stuff works. Would you see those long wicks to the upside of sellers exhausting buyers? We're at these up here. And then as far as the first candle rule, I would say that right here, you got that confirmation of the downside, but you're hitting into a key level.
so for me i would rather say okay cool i've got some kind of ammo to go short but i want to see this confirmed and if it got confirmed i would just take this entry lower base it off the same idea but get a much better stop loss than all the way up here as the code for apex only for the first month it depends on what promo they're doing it changes what is the red line for i just want to make sure oh i did explain that yeah we have a video on how to use the software yeah we have tons it's live trading there's no it's not going to be um you watch this live like as you can see it's printing there's no time frames
so you need to watch it live like yesterday's trading was an absolute master class on it there's a video that is in the sunday calls it's also in its own section volume profile that goes over the profile cbd and this but again i would heavily recommend just watching the trading because like that's what you're going to want to watch we want to see now we're getting close to these areas of liquidity i want to see if we jet into these areas see if these this bid wall stays if it does see if we get some absorption of the upside or see if sellers break through it so we're just kind of waiting now to see
Once we get to these levels, I'd be surprised if we didn't at this point. There is no time frame for book map. Think of it like the time frame is now. It's not showing candles. It's showing time and sales. Candles is price and time. How accurate is book map? Is this data real? I mean, it's straight from the CME. It's regulated. Real is going to get. The one on TV is based on ticks. But you'll also find, too, like, I mean, people will sit there and be like, oh, like, it's based on ticks. Don't use that. Use my thing. And it's just like.
Well, if you go look at, you're going to, if you're scalping for ticks, yes, it does matter. A hundred percent. If you're not scalping for ticks, which none of us are, then it doesn't matter. It just genuinely doesn't matter. You're talking a couple points of a difference for like level, which like very rarely you're going to hit a level on NASDAQ and not go two points, three points through it. It's just, you know, it's just semantical stuff to make it. But this is accurate. This like isn't based on like tick volume. This is actually based on like time and sales.
volume so what i want to watch here is do we hit into this i want to see if we can get a little bit more down movement to it maybe we don't need it maybe we absorb all these sellers or maybe sellers push through this level this is kind of like the line where you'll see the true fight happen right ideally you want to see if we're going to be bullish you'd want to see some absorption like if we jet into this or jet a bit lower you want to start to see the market move to the upside and you know absorb these sellers right you want to see all these passive buyers win and all these sellers get exhausted now on the other side
let's say if sellers are really really in control and we start to push through this level then you can say okay cool it's safe to say that sellers are going to be in control until the next near future right and then you'd look at like what areas they're at to defend i'm never sure what to do with myself when i'm in a trade and i feel like it messes with me psychologically to stare at when you recommend stepping away i would recommend removing your risk tremendously because you can't step away to become profitable i think that if you feel stressed when trading yeah you should take a break for the day but to actually fix that problem you need to remove your risk
down tremendously because when you leave you're doing one thing you're protecting yourself from making mistakes but you're not making yourself any better so i think that in order to overcome that actual problem you need to reduce your risk because you shouldn't really care that much about a single trade now i want to see these sellers continuously push price down you'll be pulled down under this or does the market start to move to that side because we see a lot of these buys are getting filled i'm so yeah a lot by these aggressive sellers so we want to see
you know does the market kind of pause here or is this selling keep getting rewarded and this isn't something you're going to see like instantly or you have to like rush into it's something you want to be pretty clear on now i want to see what happens at this area we're kind of just pausing a lot of sellers getting into the market there's no specific answer to that you're going there's just not it's going to be based on i would look at price for that like you want to look like i mean have we really had much of like as much changed like not really it's like one one minute candle you know what i mean typically what you want to see is a it's kind of like a cheat sheet
You want to see increasing volume into your level. Once you get there, you want to see decreasing volume. And then you want to see increasing volume in the opposite direction. Or you just want to continuously see increasing volume if you want to see a continuation.
Close above this area right here love to see if we can get back in this value area I don't know if it's changed too much since we've that's why I don't like it But I just have to continuously I want to see if we can get back into this area Do overall like this move so far. I just put this at one night. Fine. We can get a closure I'm still not in the trade just yet. I'm looking at sounds like it's not even the right. I need to It's going to be at the round number
Let's see if we can get a closure back into this Reset book map. We're kind of see how we're pausing at this level right here This is kind of like what I want to see and the reason I have this ready is like if we get a nice displacement back into the range Nice pop that would be a confirmation now. Maybe we don't get that. Maybe we see continuation of the downside I'm open to either I'm not seeing that just yet It's just a matter of waiting and letting the market kind of help you make the decision rather than trying to predict what it's gonna do You're just trying to make a decision based on
market's actually telling you rather than like trying to force some kind of prediction on it so what we want to watch here is kind of like do these levels get defended if not we might see another sell off good getting a cell stops would be 25.251
Give it on a second here right here was the levels of absorption So this is where sellers kind of got aggressively into the market and got absorbed right in this area So we're gonna kind of see is this level defended or do we start to overtake it again to the downside? I'm pretty significant. So all coming up right here as well I think you can watch in these times as well looking for any kind of CBD divergence have any go ahead and Hop into this at one ninety seven stops
The target I would put is up at this top of the range. I would watch to see how the market moves towards it. And the reason I'm getting in right here is because we kind of came back down to this area where we end up getting absorption. I like this reaction. It is a little bit of an aggressive trade, but this is what I was looking for in terms of it's a pretty tight stop. I want to see some more aggression to the upside sooner. I'll likely cut it. Maybe just end up letting the stop do its job because we're close. I'm trying to see how we react to this level just to kind of give you guys a play-by-play. By the time we get under that, I'll probably just hit.
If we can get a closure here, I'll probably end up taking a cell because that's not what I want to see for long. I'll just have a stop at this 246 area. I want to see us reclaim this up here. Maybe even have it stop a little lower. That's not at all what I want to see for that long. I like this.
i'll keep the tp open now to kind of walk through like the play-by-play there what i was looking for is to see if this absorption actually held because we saw a significant amount of sellers coming to this level buyers try to absorb them we stepped in i thought right here to be honest i thought it was going to give a nice reaction from hitting into that area that those sellers were trapped but obviously it didn't hold that's not what we want to see in a long i would have gotten out of it sooner if you know if we would have closed much under this level but you know by the time we did it just hit our stop
That was kind of the overall logic of that trade, why it didn't work out. Now, the logic for the short trade is that if we're hitting into this low and we are not seeing that attempt of a long, like this is what I would want to see if I was going along, like this kind of absorption. I don't want to see that get smacked like that. I don't want to see us just have this kind of sell off into that. To me, that says that that's less likely to be a long. In that scenario, you know, since we're at a key level where we're looking for one of two things to happen. We're either looking for
the market to have some kind of selling opportunity or have a buying opportunity we're not really super super biased to either one we're just waiting to see what happens and then executing based on what the market tells us now where we're at right here for now i'll just leave my stops where it's at just kind of let the market do its thing ideally i want to see some movement to the downside before i move up stops but i would look to reduce risk if that does happen yeah so um the book map stop
It's not a new software. I just used it more recently. I used to use ExoCharts, but that was a footprint chart. So footprint charts, bookmaps, it's all just time and sales data. Just visualize different ways. Bookmap is something I started using recently. It's very simple because you're just trying to, it looks complicated, but it's really not. You're just trying to determine, are there aggressive buyers or sellers present at a key level? Okay. Once you've identified that, you want to say, are they in control? So like, for example, if you see a tremendous amount of aggressive selling,
you wanna see the market moving down. If it's not, you could say that someone is passively buying. So the difference between aggressive and passive, aggressive means market ordering. So that's typically gonna be retail traders. Now, passive means limit. So if you're setting a limit, a lot of the people who are trading exclusively on limits are the larger traders in the market. So if you see a lot of the retail traders that are selling, selling, selling, and the market's not going down, then that would mean you're anticipating that some kind of bigger trader
is trying to prop the market up and then if you start to see price reflecting that then you can look to take a risk around that opportunity that's the idea and you're basically using these bubbles as the aggressiveness the selling and buying and then you're looking at these areas uh of the heat maps as limit orders and you only want to look at this at like key levels that's the important thing uh stops are at the recent highs up here when we entered it was recent highs now we're starting to form another one for that 25 241.
Now, if we were to get another displacement down, that's when I would probably look to move my stops up, but not until then. Until then, if we get stopped on it, I'd be happy letting the stops do their job where they're at. There's no reason to move them down just yet. How would you rate your setup? I would say that if you are trying to trade an expansion or retracement, that's really like the two things that I look at. For example, like if we're looking at the more grand scheme of things, like, yeah, we're seeing downside here. Overall, though, market has been, you know, if we put our gun to our head, you know, the market's moving up, right?
so i would say in these scenarios you want to be a little bit more aggressive when it makes sense with your risk in terms of like management like for example like not not aggressive by risking more but like let's say as soon as this were to get some down movement kind of like we saw yesterday like on that big trade yesterday if you go back and watch i was aggressively managing my risk as soon as we had some reason to so like anytime you're kind of going against the flow of things you want to be more like that now if you're trading with the flow of things that's where you'd be a little bit more lenient and kind of give yourself some more breathing room
No, TradingView does not have anything comparable to bookmap at all. Not really a fan of the setup so far either, to be honest. If this one gets hit, I'll just call it a day on that. If price is bearish and we hit a key level, making a lower low, but CVD is making a higher high, would we look for a reversal? Price is bearish and we hit a level, making a lower low. Let me just draw this. So if price is bearish, we hit a level. So bearish means we're moving down.
price makes a lower low and cbd is making a higher high i would say that if anything that would be more bearish because you're seeing a lot of market buyers come in but the market's still moving down the idea is trying to determine you know if you're trying to trade some kind of like reversal or reaction using any of these tools whether it's cbd or bookmark you're trying to determine if there are traders getting trapped in the market they're getting absorbed right so like if you have a key level retail buyers are cutting you see the market hitting into it but then the market just kind of stalls right like the market's not moving
then cvd is making new highs that shows like a lot of aggressive trading is going on but price isn't really reflecting it that'd be the idea volume candles yeah there's nothing on trading that's going to be comparable like just don't it's not even point of trying that to be honest yeah i'm not a fan of this trade i'm leaving my stops there guys as i said it's probably going to get tamed but yeah down on the day
8200 so it is what it is it happens um accounts still pretty fat but during the losses with the wins that'll be the stop for me um i would say as long as you stay under this level and if you start to get some displacement i mean eventually i'd say you're probably going to get a move to the downside i'm not really a fan of how it's kind of just sitting there so that's why i'm not going to keep trading took two losses i'll just end it on that if you guys have any questions really quick i'll go over them and then just kind of recap really quickly
Overall trades like to be honest like I would take these trades both of them again. I'm not like upset about it Like if you look at like for example right here We had into a key level which was the value area low down here and then also into this edge of this value Once we saw that we saw a lot of absorption meaning there was a lot of passive buys filled price did stall to the downside Didn't really see much more energy to the downside. We actually saw these
traders get overwhelmed, oops, overwhelmed for a second. And we saw buyers step in, kind of overwhelmed where all these sellers came in. The market ended up coming down, retesting that level and then started to move the upside again. Didn't get any luck there. So that was the overall confirmation there. And then basically once I got that, that's where we get into the fail flip logic of like, well, if this long, it was pretty clean. Which I wouldn't have been so aggressive on the short trade had we not had this much absorption here, right? Because I was looking at it in the sense like, well, if we had this much absorption and then a confirmation, then
i would want to see a long and if we don't i would say we're likely going to get a pretty aggressive down move which we just didn't get so that would be kind of the and i you still might get it um but you know just to kind of like follow assist me i'm not trying to just keep swinging the bat no i did not take a first candle set up today how or when would i consider a long here this is one of those times like when i whenever i tell you guys this and i say this with love like it kills me whenever like if you're sitting here trading with me and i'm done trading do you think that like you should be looking for a long
just being blunt like there's a reason i'm done like if i see a setup i see a key level i see everything i would want to take a trade it doesn't work out my mind doesn't go to like cool let me find another one like you know what i mean that's just like the mindset that'll keep you stuck so if i'm thinking that then you shouldn't be thinking the opposite kind of almost like you know you're learning from me and it's like cool that's cool that let's do this instead it's like well you know that's typically going to be the stuff that's going to screw you over so
That would be my answer to that. There are no candles or show your settings on camera. The only settings I change on bookmap is this. I change this because I don't like this. This is just not necessary. It's like every single limit order everywhere. Move it all the way to the right. So at the top left of my screen, I'm moving this all the way to the right. And then this, I keep like two thirds over to the right. It's really not. It's like it's just going to change the size of your bubbles. Obviously, you don't want to have that many. So like you could make them even larger, but I think this like.
or kind of crazy but i just like having about two thirds over there might click on the candle i mean there might be some way to hide candles but it would be pretty pointless in my opinion i think it would just kill the entire point where is the candle icon you're talking about if this just shows you like i'm not like i don't look i don't even look like that third from the right it's not a candle or third from the right third from the right would be this correct third from the left is your indicators and studies oh and candlesticks i see you can't have candlesticks but i don't have those i personally would recommend against it because it kills the whole point of what you're watching
you're not watching the candlesticks you're trying to watch the uh things and also every time you scroll and adjust the time slice it's gonna be like a different candlestick so it'll just be like i would just say that would be pointless how do you deal with losing 8200 i mean just to be honest with you bro i have a lot of money i don't mean to sound like a douchebag but like just being 100 blunt with you like i don't really care about any 200 and i'm not again i know that sounds like i'm not trying to sound like a
but like i would be lying to you if it's like oh dude you just get used to it you build strong no it's just like bro like you take risks at a level that you're comfortable taking risks at or you up on the risk that's anything that's business life if you take a risk that's too big to like too genuinely too big not for like logic but for your person like what you think like to me i know that no matter what you could take away everything i have and i would go and make money because i've done that i've lost everything before and i've been fine
So like to me, like I don't look at money the same way I feel like a lot of people look at money. I think that important thing is making sure that whatever it is that you do in terms of risk is you're comfortable with. It doesn't maybe necessarily mean like it's logical by society standards because you do have to take big risks to get ahead. But like the way your mind.
it's around those big risks is going to determine how you operate while you're carrying out the you know whatever operation function that is needed to to return on that risk so if it's in trading if you take risks that are too big this is what i was saying earlier when one of you guys was like every time i take a trade i feel like a psychological mess should i step away i said well for now yeah but like fix that by lowering risk because clearly you're not comfortable with like the level of risk you're at that's like the important thing
the green bubble showed up because it absorbed no it's not necessarily absorbing like absorbance is not something you can see just by the bubble okay absorbance is something by price and volume so like for example like let's say if you hit into this you saw an increasing amount of volume into it and then you see increasing volume away from it and price like moving down and trapping these that's absorption it's not just this just means a bunch of buying happened at this a bunch of there was there was orders transacted here what happens after that's what matters but cool guys i'm gonna jet
As always, I'll answer this one question. Should we be as aggressive as you were yesterday if you're backtesting the FCR strategy or just make it a mechanical 2R? I mean, it just depends on your skill level. Honestly, I personally would always do it on this situation. You're going to get better results if you're good. That's just the truth. I would watch yesterday's video and you can kind of see, right?
But again, it's a skill. I think, though, it comes in like what your current problem is. If your current problem right now is you just can't stick to something and you feel overwhelmed, just stick to the mechanical system. Right. And look at it like your outcome you're going to get from this isn't going to be making the most possible money. It's going to be building the kind of identity and skill set to be able to make a lot of money. Now, if you're somebody who is disciplined, you don't go out and like do dumb shit. And, you know, you feel you just kind of know. First of all, you'll kind of know.
like hey maybe i'm ready to like kind of take on a little bit more of a expert approach whenever that's the case that's when you can really level up and start getting into a different playing field orders transacted are both limit market correct just orders being transacted are like when i say orders transacted that's what i'm saying now again you're looking at limit orders here and then for the most part it's going to be aggressively uh aggressive traders here and you're going to see the difference if you look right here it'll show the difference
between it right if you look between how many work for sale or you know you can zoom in and actually see all of them but i don't again this is where i don't really get too deep into it like because you can have like this crazy amount of like insane level of you know i just don't think it yields to much more of a better outcome i think it just yields to a lot of thought energy spent on it and a lot of time um whenever you can still get the same outcome like are we absorbing or are we pushing through the level that's really what you're looking for more than anything but cool good stuff guys
As always, I appreciate you all a ton, and I will see you guys tomorrow. Peace. All right, so I am in this trade right here. I did take another trade. We'll put on my executions. I took some losses this morning. You probably saw that in the last video. I took another trade from right here to the downside after we started to displace down, and I took it all the way to right here and closed it for a little about five grand on profit. As you can see, K&L is now in the green. It was in the red pretty significantly.
but now i'm in another trade here another reason for the second trade is simple we hit into this level which was 25 100 which i'll go over why i wanted to see a reaction there we had this higher volume node so once we hit into it i took profit i was happy with that profit i wanted to see does the market react here as we saw right here the market started to try to buy right when i look at this i look at this it's either going to be profit taking from sellers or it's going to be buyers stepping in and taking control now how do i determine the difference well when i see
a small amount of aggressive and buying not much volume right there's not much volume in buying this is profit taking from cells okay as we can see there's a lot of profit taking happening right here and then we have a lot of increased volume on the sell side okay so this is typically what you want to see for a big move also we're moving down towards this round number of 25k which is kind of where i want to watch for this trade um right here to kind of bottom out at
uh maybe i let it run a little faster at these levels you're either going to get one of two things you're going to get a pause or you're going to get a blast through now here i waited to see we got a little bit of a pause i got out of the trade i'll do the same thing here as well now what i'm watching for um on this specific way at this time i'll go ahead and i'll move my uh stops up to this candle's high which would be small profit so that's 25056
go ahead and secure any kind of profit in case you get some kind of spike or something but i want to see here how do we react to this level i want to see us get into we haven't really hit into it yet and there's a lot of liquidity there so we will head into it as you're about to see hopefully well now that i say that it won't
But we're heading into this area. I want to see us actually jet into this and see how the market responds. See if buyers do actually step in and absorb these sellers or if there's going to be a more consistent flow of these sellers to push the market down lower. Once we get to that point, that's going to be what helps me determine my next move. Whether I'm just going to take the trade or if I'm going to move my stops up and kind of let it ride. Now, if I move my stops up, what I like to do is kind of move on book map and aggregate the data a little bit cleaner and see like really where we're.
the largest amounts of sellers as you can see the largest amounts are kind of like up here near my entry in these scenarios i would probably look to just trail risk um down to some kind of either price based level or one of these areas where sellers did step in um or you know again as we see if the market just pushes through this level i kind of want to see does the market you know pause here but this time i would go ahead and i'd put it at 24 or just put this at like the next round number so like 25.
And then just keep risk. Now, what I did was I just kind of looked over here on book map and it's kind of looking like 34. And I see a little bit of discretion, kind of just giving it a round number of 25, right? So right here in this 25K. So I just gave myself a little bit of room, but I'm not going to let the trade just turn around on me. What I want to see here is if we can get some kind of energetic push and then move up stops again, right towards this, because we're sitting here right at 25K, right? We just saw there's a ton of liquidity right here. Now it's kind of, did we see?
sellers accelerate or do we see the volume kind of pause and then absorption to the upside which is what we don't want to see to be in this trade so um typically what you'd want to see is accelerating volume accelerating aggressive through the uh aggressive price movement through these levels we'll kind of give it a second see what happens we've got our stops up probably just go ahead yeah just tag this out but cool we just got another one now we went from being down 8 200 on the day to just down 391 bucks so can't beat that um i will be done on that note though oh yeah
What's up guys, so it is currently 9 51 a.m. What I'm looking for here is to see if we
make another move to the downside. One thing you can always watch for when we have these big legs down like this is I always like to watch from the area where price began an imbalance right where we saw this really big displacement and then to where we've consolidated like I like to watch these levels of this value area because to me I look at this and this is just a B profile I'm not the inventor of this this has been around for a very long time but what I like to look for in these situations is either we
sweep the bottom maybe get a reversion up towards the top or we sweep the bottom and break down or we sweep the top get a reversion towards the bottom or break out now since we're in a b shape i would say it's leaning to the bearish side so typically we're going to lean more towards those bearish setups and if we take bullish ones we would be a little bit more uh i guess
conservative with what we're doing. Another thing to pay attention to is overall just this value or the high volume node we're in right now. And this is based on drawing this leg and price all the way from back here. So you've seen I've drawn all the way back from here on the daily chart. So this is just kind of like where this big move to the downside happened. This shows us where you know, the recent leg and structure on the daily where all the volume has been traded. So it's like from this candle all the way to date. So as we can see, we are now kind of dipping at that value area low.
staying under it so to me that leans bearish we've also got this right here which is telling us we're likely bearish so when we have these situations what i want to see is either i would like to see if we got some kind of sweep above and then trade to the downside or if we get a sweep below and then trade outside of there now one thing i'm going to do is mark this on my 30 minute i like to mark the levels because they do change a bit a lot of people will say trading view is not you know it's useless for this kind of stuff because it does count volume based on ticks
But unless you're scalping for very, very small amounts, it doesn't make that much of a difference, especially on NQ, maybe on ES. But you know, every time the market makes a move down a tick or tick up in a spot, it's going to add volume. So a lot of people will say that, you know, that makes this data useless. It does for certain things, like if you're trying to scalp for ticks, but we're not trying to do that, right? So as we can see with the market open, we traded down here.
into this value area low and overall i mean we've put in some bullish structure so i'm not interested in selling this just yet now if we look over here as well and this is book map um pretty simple stuff like you just want to mark your levels so we've got our levels right here okay so if we can see boom we hit into a level right around here around that 939 area what we're looking for is to see do we get absorption and buyers step in and control or do we start to move to the downside now what i would look for in these scenarios is increasing volume towards the level
right like we started increasing volume but then decreasing cell volume as we get lower and then a lot of these limit orders which you see are these heat maps um starting to absorb which is kind of what we saw right here this is an absorption indicator now i want to be clear that with bookmap a lot of people get really confused i want you to realize that all this is really showing you is that we have bubbles that are showing us overall volume okay like cell and buy volume you can see it
very simple you can just mouse over and see what the amount of volume was and it's going to be bigger if there's more volume you can also see these heat maps which is where limit orders are so we want to look for passive traders which is limit orders to absorb the the retail traders think of it like that everyone who is executing at market we want to see those traders get absorbed by the traders that are trading at limit so look think of it like you're trying to see do we get a bunch of aggressive selling into a level but the market doesn't move down well if that's the case then somebody's passively
buying from all those sellers and absorbing them and their selling pressure isn't really causing an effect in the market and you can do that by just looking at price so in this scenario i won't say we have any kind of you know sellers in control just yet because as you see we saw sellers kind of coming into this level but buyers step in and heavily defend it so in a scenario like this that makes me a little bit more patient to want to sell if anything it would make me want to long until proven otherwise so
i'm sitting here watching because ideally i would have liked to get a lower entry on this i would possibly catch a scalp up towards these areas up here depending on the way that this second leg and price acts the way that i like to catch these kind of second trades is typically i'd like to see a little bit more volume but as you can see where buyers started stepping in right here the market hit into these buyers uh positions and they started to defend and add to those positions that's the way that i want you to
to think about it since we are kind of inherently bearish i would be a little bit more patient and i would want to see even these sellers up here get absorbed and if we see something like that we could enter the trade with a pretty tight stop and then scalp up towards uh the range high now on the flip side let's say if the market just consolidates we see sellers take control here and we push down that wouldn't necessarily make me want to immediately sell i would want to see how we react down here to this level because i'd rather take a confident sell from down here
than just try to fomo in from up here and just get a better entry because at the end of the day like you don't need a tremendous move to make good money you just need to a system that's going to help you find the good moves right you don't want to catch every single move you want to catch the right ones and this is why it helps to understand that you know we have
We're leaning a little bit bearish, right? Because we've seen this extreme huge move down. Only thing that would make me really like truly bullish is if we started to break out of this and then really push to the upside with a lot of force. Then I would say you're likely going to clean a lot of this out and trade up towards these areas of higher volume. But right now I would say that that's not the case. So I would be more patient on that buy. Now, if I had seen this kind of price action, like we hit a key level and you started to see a big buy or big absorption of sellers, then I would have been way more aggressive looking to long, but I'm not.
so what i want to see here is as we come down here into this 24 672 area do we start to really get some volume on the sell side and see if sellers kind of start aggressively trying to push this market lower now as far as like targeting and you know understanding the scape in front of us if you notice we've got a really big low volume area down here as we can see the volume starts tapering off really from where we're at now so we could get a pretty aggressive move and you know where to well i would say if you look right here if we lose this low which is just this low we've made today i would say you're probably you could see this
down here so it's pretty big range another reason not to be extremely i guess eager to trade you can wait for that extra confirmation and still get a very nice setup so i want to see here how does this market react once we get back down to these levels do we get some kind of opportunity to sell we've got a pretty big bid wall down here that could be spoofed it could get moved it's right at a round number so i wouldn't count on that too much but if it stays and we see the market hit into it the way we react to that i think will be really telling as well obviously we ideally want to get in before that but as we can see here markets kind of just
hanging out hasn't really given any clarity just yet you can also see with the cvd that overall we have not a huge spread in the amount of buyers and sellers active in the market typically you know like let's just say we in that we're in this scenario we saw a big spread of buyers but the market hadn't really moved to the upside that would be a telltale sign that we're going to get a big move because a lot of those buyers would get trapped like if we did move to the downside so that's another tool you can use you can you can watch it on trading view as well a lot of people say it doesn't
work at all i mean again there are going to be sometimes where it's a little different but in my experience comparing the not necessarily the number because i have it anchored to a different area this is anchored to a different time than the last but more so just the structure of it because you can use this tool like let's say if you know cvd was to make higher highs and price was not like let's just say if this right here made a high so it would be higher than this but price didn't well that would be a sign of absorption
that sellers are absorbing buyers because we see retail buyers or market buyers right we see a lot of market buying but then price doesn't reflect that well that would be bearish because it would show that there is some passive seller in the market now you could use the same thing for the lows as well as you can see right here we have made a lower low in cvd also in price but let's just say if we had made a very big lower low in cvd and price didn't make a lower low that would show that sellers are really trying to push the market down but they're not so we don't have that right now but just kind of a little
crash course on what that means and you know how it works so right here i'm kind of just still waiting nothing that makes me want to get into a trade just yet see a lot of buyers stepping in not really getting rewarded as of yet seems like buyers are trying to push this though so one one of two things can happen maybe buyers win maybe we do get a move to the upside but if they don't the more and more that buyers try to win and fail that would be a more explosive move to the downside so
I'm not trying to predict which one's going to happen. I'm just evaluating the data that I have and then going to make a decision accordingly once I see something that would make me get into a trade. And again, to clarify, what would make me get into a trade here is a lot of these buyers getting absorbed. And then we see sell volume increasing into this level right here. So if we started to see that, that would make me want to get into a sell because I would say, okay, cool. Well, we see that buyers are really trying to push the market up, but failing. Now, if that doesn't happen,
i'm not sure if i'll even catch the long we don't really have too much i might if i have good risk to reward maybe catch along up here towards this 24 950 area but what i would want to see to get into that would be these buyers finally starting to get rewarded and ideally getting a close above this with a lot of buy volume stepping in but by the time we get that i could be you know not in a position to get good risk to reward so this is the way that i like to evaluate things like i have an overall game plan i have an overall set of levels i'm looking at
I have a way that I'm kind of leaning, but I'm not dead set on it. I'm always keeping an open mind to being wrong because at the end of the day, you can be wrong on all of this analysis and what you might think is going to happen and still make money. That's why I always say, have a set of rules and levels and what you look for at those levels and just react to what the market does. Don't get tied to one idea. Don't think that like, oh, well, I have to make a plan.
The market's going to go up or down and I have to just stay on my ship, whether it sinks or, you know, a lot of this stuff in trading, people tell you that's like a good way to be, but it's really not. It's just an ego way of thinking like, you know, oh, I stick to my plan. It's like, well, I mean, yes, you should stick to a plan in terms of, you know, following something that works, but trying to predict the market all the time doesn't typically work for most people. Definitely doesn't work for me. I'm not going to sit here and tell you that I just predict the direction of the market every day, but I'm able to make.
a good amount of money from the markets on a consistent basis because i don't try to predict them i just try to have a system that lets you know makes these decisions for me so the longer we keep getting buyers stepping in and they don't start they don't get rewarded the more i'm sitting here watching do we start to get that initial big amount of sales right and do we start to see the market sensitive to those sellers and we've seen the cvd rise up quite a bit so we know that there have been a good bit of buyers getting into the market at the market order level
We're not yet seeing that reflected. I'm not saying we won't, but this is just stuff to watch, stuff to keep your mind on. Just being aware of your surroundings. That's really the key. And also being aware that you might not get a trade, right? You might hunt out and say, okay, well, if this happens, it's going to be a big opportunity and it might not happen. That's part of the game, you know? But what I want to see here is if we can get a nice flush, I'd probably look to sell. 780-ish.
Go ahead and get this ready in case we do get what I want to see. Really good risk reward if we can get it. It'll probably move a bit if we do get it set up. We don't know yet. I want to see more volume to the downside here. I want to see sellers really aggressively grab this market. Not seeing that yet. Maybe the beginning of it, but definitely not yet. You can see CVD is rising even more.
so more aggressive buyers are trying to push this market up now we just wait to see is the does the market reward them because you're looking at price is kind of like price is your telltale sign of where the imbalance is right you're watching volume volume is what's going to cause price right so if these buyers win you'll see the market move to the upside pretty aggressively if it doesn't and you see more and more buyers continuously get in the market then that can be a telltale sign as well but nothing that makes me want to get into a sell yet for sure could be soon though it looks like it's possibly developing
I'd want it to happen sooner or later if I was going to get active. A lot more market buys coming in. Starting to outweigh the sales, but we're still not seeing any big movement on either direction. As you can see, price is starting to kind of pop up here. We're still not seeing anything that makes you want to get active. Buyers look like they're really trying to push this market. The way my mind goes is this. If I don't end up getting a trade, that's cool. But at this point, if I do...
get a sell it's going to be even better than before but you see i'm not like sitting here saying we will or we won't like i don't see if i if i'm to that point where i say like this is going to happen or this isn't i'm in the market you know so like these are the kind of points i just sit and wait because i look at like a lot of buyers have gotten in this market we now see the cvds risen tremendously so if we do start to get a sell opportunity at this point then that's where we're going to see a really explosive move um now do we have that yet not yet maybe we get it soon maybe we don't
That's the name of the game with trading is not necessarily getting married to one idea, but more so just framing an opportunity. And then once you have a confirmation that there is a good probability of that playing out, you play some risk on it and see if it works. But the key is patience, patience for those good opportunities, patience to sit out the bad ones, patience to really be okay with not taking a trade sometimes too, you know, patience to understand that you can still do all these things and still.
lose money on a trade you know you can do everything in the world and there's no such thing as 100 success rate the things that are really hard for people to grasp and why trading is so hard for most people so i do like how we're seeing all these aggressive see like how we're really getting a lot of buyers in the market but they're not pushing the market up because again volume is going to cause price okay so you have a lot of buyers stepping in the market but since price is not reflecting that
That is an indicator in and of itself telling you that, okay, cool. Well, there isn't an imbalance of buyers versus sellers just yet. So if you see a lot of aggressive buying that and they're in the markets, not moving up, that means that someone is passively selling to them. We're using limit orders. They're passively selling, passively selling. And eventually one side's going to win, right? The only way you're going to be able to tell that is once we have a very big increase in volume on one side, a very
sharp price action move but you can start to get an idea of which moves are going to actually continue based on what levels you're at based on the amount of traders on each side that might be wrong right because right now like let's say if we do get a sell opportunity there's going to be a lot of people wrong right the majority of these traders are going to be wrong and when they get out of their positions if they get stopped out or just exit because they don't want to lose then that's going to act as rocket fuel to the market to the downside let's say
That would probably be right here. What's this? 834. Start to like what I'm seeing here. I want to see volume step in. Now we want to see we saw increasing volume into this area. We want to see decreasing volume. And then we want to see increasing volume to the downside. So we've got a little bit of a price move. But we don't have a huge increase in volume to the downside. That's typically what I want to see. You can also see CVD was much higher.
over here than it was over here even though up here we were making a high high in price but we did not make that this high of cvd over here so that is another sign of absorption but i want to be important you do want to wait you know and let you know price kind of help you confirm it you want to get those energetic moves you want to get volume with it a lot of people misunderstand think you're just going to only look at this like this is just kind of x-ray vision into what's going on in the market that's causing price so you can know what may what moves are legitimate and what moves aren't we're starting to get under where a lot of these buyers came in at that 800 level
probably move this at like 805 just to save some risk here we get in i'm starting to like this
i'm starting to like this really a lot so we're going to get into the market right here keep the stops up at that area right there it's pretty wide ranges so not really a huge position size but if we do get a big move i think that it could be rewarding opt in the trade let this thing kind of move i don't want to over manage it or you know do anything too soon but just to kind of outline what i'd be looking for if we get a nice energetic push to the downside with a lot of increasing volume i would like to see where that increasing volume begins
see if we can retest it and then if we fail to move a gun to the upside from that area that's where i would look to move my stop up because it would look it would show me like bearish structure is getting put in place now which we don't have yet but just kind of outlining my thought process and what i would be looking for i do like the way that all of these buyers are coming in and weren't rewarded but we'll see if this ends up playing out now the reason i have my stop down here is it's just that low that is
over here now i would watch to see if we do get a big move i would manage the trade as we go but i'm just kind of putting a final target if we went that far so i look at this right here like i want to see sellers step in a little bit more aggressively and hold this level or at least really hold this because this is where i look at like the most amount of buyers are underwater under this area right here and if you zoom in it's going to aggregate the data a little bit more fine i will probably be up closer towards these 800 levels but
At this time, like what I want to see is these buyers get absorbed, right? I want to see these buyers stay underwater. If the market comes back up and tests these areas, I want to see sellers really step in and aggressively hold the market down. And that's where you'll start to see one side taking control. But we want to see increasing selling volume, which we don't necessarily have just yet. We got tagged on that one. No dice. And I'm getting actually hit four.
around five, so 49. Give this thing a little bit more room, see if we can get another opportunity. I still like the overall idea. I think that just in review, I was a little aggressive on it. And we didn't really see as much increasing cell volume at that time as I'd like to see, but we'll see if we can get another opportunity. I do still like the setup though. That's the 24, eight level, probably right around that same area. Go eight, eight 11, get this ready.
Not in the trade just yet, obviously, but just kind of getting this ready. You can see a lot more aggressive buyers coming in, still not getting much of a movement to the upside. The more and more this happens, if we start to get some kind of confirmation of the downside, the more valuable I would see that trade. And then the longer this goes on, the less I would ever want to take along in this. Now, eventually we might get that. I might be wrong, but I look at it like overall, we are in a little bit of a bearish narrative. We've had this huge move down, consolidated and accepted these new lows, right? If we look on the...
Higher timeframes have had a big move down, fallen, started to accept this area. We didn't really get any kind of springy price action away from it. So with that being said, that alone would make me kind of, like I said earlier, a little bit more conservative to long. But then we get this kind of stuff where the market is just getting a ton of market buying coming in, but not really much rewarding price action from that. Not to say it can't go up, it definitely can, but it's just not necessarily a move that I'd want to place risk on.
We'll kind of watch this for a little bit longer. I won't sit around on this all day, getting around towards this like 10, 30 area, 11. If I don't see something around this time, typically, depending on context, I'm going to be done for the day. But we'll let this thing have some breathing room. May end up just ending on an L. We'll see if we get another opportunity though. And again, to clearly outline what I'm looking for here is just increasing sell volume with rewarding price action, meaning increasing sell volume that actually pushes price down.
because again the more i look at this cvd is just rising rising rising rising more market buys are coming in but the price isn't moving up okay so if we do get that big move down that can mean that a lot of those buyers are going to be trapped and that's kind of what you want to see for aggressive moves and as we can see here if you kind of zoom this out we can see cvd is at a tremendously higher area right much much higher up here
but when we look at price where we've gone it's not really that much higher again these are just signs that show a lot of market buying but not a lot of price rewarding it and again i know i keep repeating but i think repetition is important with this stuff because it is pretty simple it's not easy to remember sometimes but it is simple it's you know you're trying to determine who is in control of the market you're using the data of market buyers and prices reaction to that
in order to determine what you think so if you see a lot of market buyers and price is rewarding it price is moving to the upside and the overall market is bullish well that's a great buy but if you see a lot of market buyers that aren't able to move the market well typically that means you want to wait it doesn't give you immediately that you're bearish but if you can combine that with some other bearish confluences that can frame a setup so again just being patient here is the most important thing and understanding you might end on an l you might end with no trade like that's part of the game
um it's just the way things go as we see here we're starting to make these higher highs this is going to be kind of where i look at it like okay well i want to see um something sooner i'm going to be out of the day just not just chilling we're kind of coming up to this value area low of the last five days another scenario is if we got a really big jet here and then start to get a reversal i'd look for a trade off that but i might not be around unless that happened like really fast
um because i do have some stuff i'm going to do today also i typically try not to watch the markets all day long my experience is not the best habit somebody's really trying to hold the market down i don't know if they'll win but somebody is really trying to passively hold this market down you see all this buying buying buying but the market's not making that much of a bigger move to the upside and you also see here we had a difference of 390 more buyers than sellers at the market level now we have 2500 right so we have
almost you know what is that almost nine times eight to nine times the amount of buyers in the market on a market level but the market hasn't really moved so that can you know kind of tell us like if the market does end up making a move to the downside then that's going to be even that much stronger and i guess to say i shouldn't say it hasn't really moved we've made decent moves it looks like we haven't because the the ranges are huge right now it's like a 200 point range so we have made a move but relative to you know how much
extra buying has gotten into the market i wouldn't say that we've made that much of a move now at this point i'll wait around for a little bit longer watch some of these levels ideally the high if we get to that area because it would be fading the edge of both of these if you look right here we've got the edge of this leg down also this edge right here but again i'm more so looking at this from like yes i could take the the long setup maybe that was the move maybe i end up losing money today i'm okay with that but if i do get the cell set up it's going to be a much more explain expansive explosive move
based on the data that i have now now if the market were to trade above this right i can adjust this now because we've made a little bit more trading we're gonna be a little bit lower so now we're at right here the market was to trade above this and really start to expand to the upside then great you know maybe then i take a long that would be where i flip and i'm okay with that too but
more so i'd like to see if we can get those sellers to come in because what's going to be the more explosive move is when the most people are wrong and right now if we sell that's we're gonna where we're gonna see most people wrong so yeah this time i'm kind of keeping a side eye watching for setup but i'm also in my community kind of going through and checking on everybody some of my traders had some nice wins today if you want to get access to this we've got the beginners course the free course tons of resources and pdfs inside here we've got this whole
uh trading resource hub i mean there's so much stuff that you can get for free you can just hit the link in the description for the free community and all you have to do is uh sign up there and you can join totally for free so now again we've seen a lot of more a lot of buyers stepping in um again i keep saying it's like a broken record i want to see um if we can start to get this nice reversion away from this level here because as you can see like notice how what happens when the market trades outside of
this range, and then closes a candle back into it. Big move down. Closed outside. Closed back inside. Nice move up. A little choppy, but gave him a separate opportunity. But obviously, the distance here is not big. So the context is like, okay, well, if you have a big area from each key level to key level, then those setups are good. As you can see right here, we have a pretty nice move to the downside if we get it. Also, overall,
you know we would be leaning bearish until proven otherwise just based on this overall big down leg based on the fact that the most volume that was traded in this whole daily range is up here and obviously sellers took control so these are some of the things that you want to you know kind of keep in mind as you're watching me trade this stuff that way you can understand it for yourself like what we're starting to see here i want to see a little bit more volume i'm looking at these levels so these these are like footprints to me like these areas where a lot of buyers came in
you know like we could go all the way up here and then dump all the way down to this area but this is where i want to see sellers really take control and these guys get trapped that's really what i'm watching for at this point if i did get in keep the stop pretty massive probably like 900 9 10.
what i'm seeing now at this point i would just keep the take profit kind of open watch to see how we react on the way down pretty wide ranges so not enough to get into a big position but you know wide ranges can compensate for that by giving more uh movement now i've waited done our homework i like this setup better than the first now that i said that it'll stop me out but really i think the the sign if we can move even lower is to come through this
Possibly could even get a scaling in or adding to our entry if that happens. We have nice amount of volume stepping in. I want to see more, but we're trapping under these traders right here, as you can see. Ideally, like we look back through here, there's a lot of these buyers. Also, you see a lot of these buyers. Now there's market sellers stepping in. We want to see, can they overpower these guys along with all those passive sellers that have been selling, selling, selling to these guys, right? Let's say, you know, if all of these guys were getting sold to passive sellers, passive sellers, passive stuff, beating them down.
Finally, if the aggressive market sellers step in, that might be enough to be a tipping point and push price down. That's kind of the way that you want to think of these things. So again, kind of same scenario as last time. We want to see some kind of large amount of sellers step in and then form some bear structure before moving up our stops. At least something to kind of give us a nice little area. We don't want to just be too aggressive with it. You want to trust the setup because moving your stop up too early, yes, it can like always defend you from ever
taking a loss or whatever but it also can defend you from taking a winning trade as well so just kind of walking you guys through the mental process what i want to really see here is one of two things either we see a very large amount of seller step in maybe this happens right here and then once we defend that level right that's kind of like the tipping point buyers were in moving the market up if we start to see a lot of aggressive selling and then we kind of come back to that proving grounds
right like let's say if we look at this and say okay cool you know a lot of buyers stepped in here but what we want to see is like if sellers take control that's like the tipping point and then if we were to retest that and sellers continue that control then that can be a great area to then move our stops up so hopefully that makes sense you're just kind of watching the tides turn at that point another thing you can look at too is just the heat map structure like a way i like thinking about it is like well where market where's the market trading at well buyers
and sellers were actively trading up here. If you start to see this consistently move down and not much attempts by buyers at all, you can infer that, hey, well, the market's now accepting these lower prices, right? And then that's the definition of a bearish market is price going lower and market participants saying, cool, we can even go lower than this. You know what I mean? It's like a bidding. You think of it like it's like an auction, right? That's why they call it auction market theory is that people are going to bid on the market and they're going to have different areas where they agree.
where it's valued at. And that's what determines price, right? So that's why, you know, people might say this as an indicator, price is like a reflection of this, right? So just a different way to view data. You're just looking at time and sales data. Price, you're looking at price and time. Sales and volume is really what determines price. This is just, again, more like x-ray vision. As we can see now, we're seeing a lot of these market sellers step in or, you know, we'll see how this ends up going, but I like the setup so far. Let's scale in now.
and i would move my total all of my stops right around that level don't really want to see us trade back above that and then ideally we'll be able to move up my stops again if we can get a nice pop to the downside at this point i'll even move my stops up again right here and a light profit among this displacement candle because now that to me is what i was talking about earlier like we're see how we're forming these little swing points and then displacing away from them
now at this point i want to see aggression i don't want to see pauses i don't want to see retracements i want to see nice downwards movement now in this scenario i've got my stops in a small amount of profit just to cover fees the way my mind goes now is leave these right here let's see if we can get some legs under it if the market does come out and take us out well we're at a break even and you can look for a re-entry if the idea is still valid but you see how we're managing risk around that i'm really being aggressive here because the context right overall
we've seen this aggression and we've seen a lot of these buyers get absorbed we want to see aggression on the downside you don't want to see um this kind of just like just like you don't want to see too much of that right and even if you do see that and then the market comes up well cool you can just get another entry but you don't want to just expose yourself to risk as we saw a lot of these buyers were getting in this range this is going to be the area where they try to defend if they're going to defend ideally don't want to see that happen we want to see sellers really beat them down and hammer them down
That is the goal in this setup, right? Because again, we're talking about this this whole time of like, all these buyers are getting in the market. If we're right, we should see an explosive move. And this is kind of what I've been talking about for the last, I don't even know how long now I've said it so many times with CBD. So we want to see this continued. That's really important that I want you guys to understand is understanding context and knowing what you should see in the trade if you're going to keep risk on it. What validates...
this idea what determines whether this is still the same idea that you had before hopefully that's helpful to you guys i'd say you could go ahead and move this up even to this candle right here
this base of this or the body of this candle right here. Likely going to up here now that we're starting to get a little bit more aggression. You can see we're managing this position well, securing some gains now, floating a little over 9,000. Now we're being really aggressive here because again, the longer this goes, the more blood I want to see. The more I want to see like vicious panic selling. I don't want to see pauses. I don't want to see consolidations. I want to see absolute death of this market for me to be involved in it.
because we've been patient we've waited for all the things that we should wait for we see that sellers are starting to step in we see that there is aggression on top of that we know that there are all these buyers in this range if we're going to be right like if all of these guys are going to be i never draw on book map i'm usually watching but if we know that all of these guys in here ideally like we want to see them get viciously destroyed because if not the market they might try to
put make a stand here and we don't want to be around for that right we've already done our homework we've caught a good area we might just get stopped out here and walk out with some profits on that and maybe take another opportunity maybe not but you want to establish yourself in a way that you're not just going to give back all your gains very very important stuff
now we're tagged out on that that should put us around break even for the day let's see if we can get another opportunity but again not tied to that idea because again we might just see consolidation here and the market might just chop around ideally what i'd like to see at this area is a nice displacement down lower back into this value area low and see if you can get something that would show us okay cool we're ready to make that down move because otherwise you might just see consolidation right you definitely could see that
but you know see how we were patient there we turned a losing day into a break-even day at the worst right now which is fine it's not the end of the world to have that done as you can see the market's starting to make a little bit of a push to the upside here so again you don't want to just be you know leaving all that profit on the table and then turning around because these these little things are going to make more of an impact in your trading than maybe watching me just take a trade that just runs straight to the target like that's fun to watch and it's cool and that happens fun to experience but
it's not how it always is right not every day is going to be a big profit day you're going to have profit days you're going to have lost days you're going to break evens you're going to have no trade days that's going to happen like you have to understand and hopefully this seeing hours of this put together really shows you what it's actually like that way you can start to see how a profitable trader thinks how to actually manage yourself and how to manage your emotions how to manage risk and how to because trade management is probably the most important i mean execution is not that hard it's more about management
in my opinion at least so now as you can see we've got a nice pop-up thankfully we did move our stops down here because now at this point now the market's kind of we're seeing these buyers try to make a stand here now maybe these guys get trapped again maybe we start to see sellers step in and then that would be another opportunity in and of itself and you can possibly catch something else maybe not maybe so but these are the kind of things that you know i think are very important to to understand and to be able to execute on and now notice as well how where i scaled into that
i was able to actually make more money that brought me back to break even the reason i was scaling in is we're coming down into this move away from this level that i told you guys about earlier and then we started to see that structure forming even though it's just one minute structure and we're seeing those little bits of buyers step in get trapped little bits of buyers step in get trapped at least for the short term right you're on a one minute so you're just trying to determine very short-term price movements another mistake i see a lot of people make is they'll use a one minute to try to say oh well buyers got trapped here we're gonna go down here no
this is telling you right now okay this can change very quickly that's why it's important to act and think very quickly if you're trading on a one minute so here we see a buyer stepping in cvd is also getting up higher again now another thing i like to watch really with the cvd is like are there let me delete these
Cleaner review. Is the market rewarding this, right? We see CBD was all the way high up here. We almost reaching the same amounts of high. So if we see a lot of more market buyers stepping into the market, we want to see how the market responds to that. If it doesn't go up, we can then say, okay, cool. Well, you know, passive sellers are likely absorbing those traders. And as we can see, this is kind of like where we want it. It's like the moment of truth, if you will, right? To see if, okay, cool. Our seller is going to continue popping this market down.
We've seen some buyers step in. Do sellers step in and kind of beat this price action down? If so, possibly get another opportunity. That's kind of just the way I want you guys to be thinking when you're watching this kind of stuff. So specifically what we want to see here, we saw a nice increase of buyers coming in. Now we saw a decrease here at the top, which is good. Now we want to see an increase of sellers step in, right? And then that would give us kind of a new working ground, like the new structure and price. So at this kind of time, I will sit here and say, okay, cool.
What is the high of this? This is 24, 846. If I would get ready, I wouldn't trade just yet, right? I would get ready to get into a trade around this area if I see what I wanna see. Now, I'm not seeing what I wanna see yet, but I'm just kind of prepping myself and getting ready. Because if we start to see an aggressive increase in volume and price being sensitive to that, rewarding those sellers, then I would say, cool, we just saw some profit taking and a lot of these retail buyers try to get in on the market because they think it's gonna bounce.
And then, you know, that's kind of the move you want to see to move to the downside. I want to see a nice increase of sellers of the downside if we're going to get into another trade here. No, not really seen anything just yet. I may end up just getting some chop here.
Going back in this initial imbalance This is kind of the last line where I would be looking for cells as far as for this leg to hold up I'd want to see nice volume getting in the market and the market respond to it Otherwise, I'll probably end up just calling it a day I'm break even we're seeing some sellers step in and see if we can actually get some momentum to the downside But also to an important thing to look at when you want to break things down really is like typically you want to see Increasing volume into the move
decreasing the top and then a big increase back out of it that's like a telltale sign you want to see for a nice pivot we're not seeing that just yet okay we might see something here dyslexia crazy crazy thing could even maybe go a little bit tighter with it
my overall logic is like what i've been talking about we saw this increasing volume up into it decrease here now a nice increase here i don't want to see us get too too far above this at really this 860 865 area if we're going to be correct on this we'll look to move up stops as if we can get nice jet to the downside and this is where we want to see big movement when we see something like this i'm going to go ahead and move stops to entry don't want to see um this
i don't want to see it come back especially if you get this kind of increasing volume that's at 8 11. that's significantly under where our trade is so we don't want to see the market come back and test into that i want to see aggressive moves kind of same thing as earlier i want to see the same kind of aggressive move down um so like slow grind up big move down that's kind of what you want to see in these moves if you're right this we can kind of break this down a little more aggressively 15. i'd say even
820, that. Secure at least some gains if we do get it. But I want to see us hold under that 815, 820 range. Looks like we might end up getting ticked, we'll see. The longer the day goes on, like where, you know, again, like I want to see explosive moves or I don't want to be just sitting in the market. I'd just rather take my little bit of change to see if I get a re-entry. Now we've probably secured 1,000 to 1,500 bucks in the day. Nothing crazy, but worked our way out of a drawdown. Still gonna watch this, see if we can get another opportunity.
specifically i'd be watching here i don't want to see where a lot of these really big sales came i don't want to see this get too far absorbed like we already see a decent amount of passive buyers step in right here and then we start to see the market moving above that area not typically what we want to see if we're going to see this met down move continued that's also why i was very aggressive on my stops there and again it's not to say that oh the market's going to go up now it's just to say that if the market is
not necessarily doing exactly what i want what got me into the trade which is i want to see this aggressive sell-off from this area then i'm not going to just sit around and wait in the trade i can scalp make a little bit of money re-enter if i see something good remove risk quickly because the longer the days goes on with this kind of price action the longer i see a likelihood of or the higher the likelihood i see of us just kind of like chopping back and forth or maybe this idea not being right as you can see we hear a little bit of gains it's good we did because
market would now have moved almost back up to our entry or actually above it so hopefully these little bit of nuggets because the thing is like not every single move is going to be a home run you just have to have patience and an ability to kind of protect yourself right all these little things are what's going to come into being a really good trader over time and being able to manage any drawdown manage any kind of unnecessary risk in a way where you can remove it pretty quickly another thing we're seeing here if we look at this cvd look at price zoom out a little bit bit of an easier way we're starting to see that cvd
Lower, but price isn't really getting much lower. So that tells me at this point then like, you know, maybe these sellers aren't really as in control Maybe it's just going to be kind of a chop back and forth because if we can see here CVD was actually a bit higher than we are right here and we haven't really seen any kind of I mean, we've seen a lower low in CVD We haven't really seen any big moves the downside so that's not typically what you want to see You also see a lot of these passive buyers coming in and starting to absorb these sellers. So it's not really what we want to see to
be active in this market as a seller and as you can see sellers are still trying to push this market down they're not really successful yet i'll watch this for another couple minutes if we don't get nice price action to the downside i'd probably be out so i don't really like how we're getting a lot of sellers stepping in the market and not much much price action on the downside
If we don't get something moving downwards pretty soon, I'll probably just call it a day. I look at it like this, like, you know, yes, I think we still could get this move, but if we don't soon, you know, we hit this value area high, the overall market has been bearish. We got a nice reaction from this area. Now, do these sellers step through and really continue to push this market down?
if not pretty soon then i'm going to say cool well it's likely just going to be a consolidation for the rest of the day to close out the week and today is friday as well so we'll see um if we don't get some price action that's in the next like five to ten minutes i'll probably just call it a day do get in i'd probably go ahead and do a eight eight sixty eight sixty five structure i want to see us hold on to this for a second at least i don't want to see any springboard action i really even go 850 to be on
hop in with a little bit of a wider stop i want to see if we can get a nice move to the downside just leave this open i'm not saying i would hold it all the way down here unless something crazy happens i doubt we'll get that move i'd watch down towards this low of this area we could also move this to kind of adjust
for new price action so it's going to be a little higher and where i got 850 from i look right here we've got a decent amount of sellers coming in at 841. if you zoom in it's going to be a little bit more fine 840. i don't really want to see all these sellers get absorbed right i don't want to or i don't want to see price move to the upside and put all these sellers underwater i want to see these guys actually take control if we're going to see it otherwise you know it kind of gets to a point where i would say the day is likely over
I'd even probably go ahead and move this up towards that 841, just right above it, just reducing a little bit of risk, nothing crazy. I'll even go to this 830 area. And the reason I'm moving my stops up aggressive is like, again, I feel like it's kind of asking a lot of the market at this point. I don't know if that's the best way to put it. My mind looks like, well, it's had its chance a lot of times. I want to see this thing die. I know I've said that before, but I'm looking, okay, cool. Sellers really stepped in here that pushed this move down. That's 822.
Also, if you're looking at the overall book, it's pretty thin past that. So I would expect we get bigger movements if the market does go there. Also, we've got this point of control right here at the 815. So I'm like, do I really need to leave that much risk on the table? I probably could have went a little bit more aggressive into this. Also, we could get a scale into this. 800. Let's see, if I move this to here, I'd have about 20 points of risk. 1200. I'm not going to do that yet. Would move this down towards this.
Yeah, that'll remove some risk don't really want to add to it just yet Got that 800 round number above us now we can hold under 800s I'd move up stops. Otherwise, I'll just leave them where they're at. No dice Maybe we'll see this would be the final stand right here if we're gonna see it to cut any unnecessary risk This up just at that high don't want to see us make another high tagged out
sitting at minus 700 for the day what other business can you work for two hours to lose 700 bucks now but um yeah i don't know i don't know on this one i might be just done for the day if i don't if we don't see some kind of move from this leg down aggressively then i'll just count it i'll give this thing like five to ten minutes as you can see it's like takes a lot of patience you know like even for me i've been doing this almost 10 years there's a fine line between
being patient and then waiting around too long as well so you have to be very clear on what criteria you want like for me you know originally early on if you you know remember i said i wanted to either see a trade from this down really that would be to say that was that was the good trade right there everything else has kind of been just chop we had a small win a loss you know it's one of those days where after a while you kind of say okay cool well like we're not gonna get what i wanted to get which i'm gonna go ahead and call it on that after we got this move to the upside
That'll be the last trade I take. So yeah, I mean, hopefully this gives you a little bit more of an inside look at navigating a day where it may not be as easy. You get everything that you wanted. You get everything for a good setup, but it doesn't really work out in the way you want it to. That's okay. I'd say overall, the trades that I look at that I should have avoided would be this first one, to be honest. I think that was too aggressive. Other than that, all the trades I took, I would take again.
not overall unhappy with those but i look at it out of you know let's say if i didn't take this loss i would probably be up i would be positive five grand so um little things like that are always important to uh you know kind of reflect on because if we look back here back to when i took that trade overall right
I think it was right here. So I got 945 area, correct? And I was at 10, sorry. And it was right around here. So I was taking this trade based on this consolidation over here. I was thinking it was getting absorbed, but as you can see, looking back, it really wasn't. I wasn't patient enough with my entry, right? So I looked at this and we look back, it's obviously not even, there wasn't really any aggressive sellers. I was just going off these aggressive buyers getting trapped, which is a mistake. I should have waited for more.
volume and i didn't we didn't really have much volume so just rushing to that trade uh that was not a great one but other than that i would take all the other trades again and eventually this is the the painful thing about market or that the markets that is funny is like maybe i get off the screen and this thing does exactly what i wanted it to that that happens right but it's you got to be okay to kind of accept that and you know like just
roll with the punches and understand that there's always going to be another day you don't want to just sit around hoping or expecting that to happen because that's how you end up digging yourself in a hole and not only do you dig yourself in a hole but you build really bad habits and build a lot of stress around trading so hopefully this is a good session i think it's cool because we've had a lot where there are really big wins i was almost kind of not hoping i lose money i never do but hoping there would be at least some kind of difficulty because that's really what is going to teach you guys a lot
in my opinion, is how to navigate these because anybody can find a banger trade every once in a while. Very few people can manage themselves in between them. Yeah, guys, hopefully this was helpful. I'm going to go ahead and call it here. What's going on, guys? If you want to join my free Discord where I post the trades that I'm looking for, video market outlooks, we've got a free course in here, and we've got a ton of cool resources like the Smart Trading Desk, free trading journal, and all sorts of other cool stuff. If you want to get access to this, I'll leave a link to join the free Discord community down on the Discord. Hope you guys are enjoying the video.
cool so yeah if you didn't watch the outlook um what i was pretty pretty simple we traded back up into this edge of value again back up into the value area high this new range obviously got rejected at this point the daily is going to be going red most likely pretty soon we'll see if it does or doesn't the weekly as well so if these start to go red and we have pretty much just all downside along with
the fact of this then i would look to be probably pretty bearish so what i want to see here is how the day unfolds in the early time i'm not like just going to sell from right here i want to get a little bit of price action developing i think the setups that i would really notice the most would be if we can get good risk to reward a trade down towards this value area low if we get down to that area and then hold under it
maybe take a short. If we get down to that area and fall back into this range, maybe catch a scout back up. But those are the setups that I'd be looking for. It's kind of funny, man. Like a lot of these good setups I've noticed over the last week or so are happening early in the morning. Not saying that I would really like edit anything I'm doing to, you know, make those, but you know, I want to wait till we get to our key levels, see what we can get here. Also, we might get a first candle set up. I'd like to see if we get a bearish one a day. We've got FOMC meeting minutes at 2 p.m., but that's, you know, the minutes, those can...
Those are just basically like a document coming out. And it's not till 2 p.m. So I wouldn't really pay too much of mine to that. How's everybody doing this week? I haven't even taken a trade at all. I've been just kind of working on other stuff. Hasn't really been too enticing. I mean, I'm sure there's been some good setups, but I'm just ranging. Now other setups, like let's say if we get to the upside and start making some big moves, I'd watch to see how we react here. If you start to reverse again, I'd take a sell. If you come above it and start to displace upwards, hold above it, then I would look to maybe say, hey, I'm wrong. But I would lean bearish for sure.
Wish I took the early trade. Yeah, it looks clean up here, man. Another thing too to remember is like when you're in these profiles, like the closer you get to the highest volume, especially if you're on the highest volume in both, the more likely you are to either see some chops, see some pausing, see a little bit of, you know, decision making, if you will, in price. Now, if you blast right through it, then, you know, that's a sign that the market's about to move. First week in the program, let's go. Everybody give Pat a warm welcome. Wilder, let's go, man. Big move. Seven days in a row is huge.
that's that's actually like i don't remember the last time i had seven green days in a row so where is my fixed range volume profile so just from this expansion right here and then including this range right here we went over this on sunday too if you want to take a video on like marking that we went over that pretty pretty in depth i think it could be helpful it's basically just kind of looking at market structure from more of a volume based perspective rather than just price because at the end of the day like we all know that
market structure sometimes can be difficult and i think that when you look at the market instead of just highs and lows in okay consolidation and then expansion or imbalance we would look at it like here the market found fair value buyers and sellers were in agreement that this was a fair value but then there was an imbalance of sellers so the market moves to a new area where buyers and sellers found fair value and the way you're reacting to the highs and lows of these areas which is what you see here
can tell you a lot about who's in control of the market, right? If sellers are in control, they're gonna be wanting to keep the market pushing to the downside. They're gonna, if they think that this is the new established fair value range, well, where are sellers gonna sell? It's kind of like premium discount, right? They're gonna sell towards the high. So if you see selling towards the high take control, you could say that, cool, well, as of right now, like sellers are in control, right? That's kind of the logic there. It's pretty simple, but powerful.
Do you ever truly feel like you've got it figured out? Like not from like a cocky way where it's like, ah, you know, I know everything, but like you definitely get to a point where you feel like you have it more figured out than before for sure. But I think that that process never stops changing, or at least I hope it doesn't because I was actually having a really long conversation with Anna, my fiance about this yesterday. We went and had a date together. And, you know, one of the things that I see among people that are smart and do have a lot of potential, but don't really go far.
is that they think that they know everything and ego gets in the way of a lot of things like a lot of times people especially people who are like smarter than average they think that they know everything so then effectively if you know everything well you're the best you're ever going to be in life there's no more growing and i've been in some pretty high level rooms i'm in some pretty high level masterminds of people in business i've met a lot of institutional traders and i can tell you one of the most commonality behaviors
or I guess the commonalities, my brain isn't working. One of the biggest commonalities in their behavior is that they always ask questions. They always want to learn. Like they could be 10 times richer than you. And if you know something better than them, they're going to want to learn it from you, right? Because the way they got to that point is by always continuously learning and never truly feeling like you have it all figured out. So I think that like more so you should just strive for like success and the definition of like the way I wrote it in that message last night.
Success is more so like not the outcome or like figuring it all out. It's more so doing everything you can to make things work for your performance, right? And I think that a lot of times, like the reason people have a lot of stress and frustration with trading or anything in life, and it's one of these ugly truths that a lot of times we don't wanna admit because we're not conscious of it, is that if you're really anxious about something and frustrated that it's not working, typically you're not doing every last thing you could to make it work.
And it's a really hard pill to swallow, but it's the truth, right? Because it's similar to if you're in a relationship. Let's say if you're in a relationship and you get to a point where you're like, hey, look, I'm going to give this my all. I'm going to be the best person I can in this. And you do all of that and it still doesn't work. You kind of have peace with the situation. It's still hard, but you have peace leaving it. The same thing goes with anything, right? Like the more you're able to...
really give something your all and leave it all in the field the less stressed you are about maybe losing or whatever because you know it's like truly i did everything i could but a lot of times people in trading they haven't done that they haven't really gone through and done all the boring work right they're not actually like reviewing all of their trades they're not going through and trying to like think at a high level they're not leveraging their time in the best way and these this is the same reason why there's this collective belief that trading is extremely hard
I think it's more so that trading just has a very low barrier to entry and pretty much anyone can do it without any kind of really big like personal investment. You know, like if you want to go become any other job that pays this rate per hour, you have to go to school for years and spend tons of money and tons of time and a lot of effort. So those people, they're serious about what they do, right? I think if like doctors, if there was just like anybody could come in and test out being a doctor, you know, hey, you want to come take the test?
I'd say I'd probably have a 95% failure rate too. Long little rant there, but I don't think that there is anything that ever gets to a point of just having it truly figured out. How do you stay constant and consistent, not only with trading, but your routine and habits? Well, first off, I wanna be clear that I'm not perfect and I'm not 100% consistent every single day. Like today, I woke up at 8 a.m. I usually wake up earlier than that. I stayed up late last night watching Mad Men with Anna because we had a great day yesterday. And sometimes you just live life. Am I, did I wake up this morning like,
oh, you're such a piece of shit. You didn't know. I used to do that, though. And I think that it comes down to realizing that like at the end of the day, you're not going to be perfect. And giving yourself that grace will destigmatize the natural occurrence of not being perfect. And the biggest thing that like I think people struggle with is more so that they're too hard on themselves for the wrong things, meaning that like, for example, like people will set out to do these unrealistic things. And then when they don't do them, they.
are hard on themselves or like people are mad at themselves for for normal things like you know people get upset about like trading taking a while to learn when in reality we all know that's very common for a lot of people but whenever you get upset it's kind of like you know like your field of view like it's like if you're if and we're just i know i'm not missing anything i know there's people probably like ask where's the trade i'm waiting for one of these levels to get hit so don't be you know crazy fomo like if you're this guy right here right
your field of vision can either be very wide right or very very narrow okay now what you focus on is going to be what ends up materializing in your life and i don't mean from a law of attraction standpoint i mean genuinely like if you're always upset if you're always kicking your feet in the dirt if you're always beating up on yourself or upset about why trading isn't working newsflash you're not going to become successful i guarantee you that okay and when you start to
you know, have a negative stigma around not following a routine or not being successful in the time you wanted to be or any of these things that it's totally okay for that to happen. But whenever you have that negative stigma, you pretty much shut off the chance of success. And it's a self, you know, it's a it's a perpetuating belief. It's a self fulfilling belief that you start to be hard on yourself, then you actually start to be worse, right? But if you learn to destigmatize, and this comes into viewing success in the way that I said a second ago.
more so based on your performance, like the planning, how much did you actually really prepare? Because a lot of times people, you know, they always have problems with confidence and things. You'll notice though that like what that really means typically, not always, and you can't fully fix it with this, but it means you haven't really prepared. Like I would say that the majority of people that I see by STB, the first thing they end up doing, and I'm watching here, we're getting possible.
First candle set up on the five minute because it closed above, came down and retested. I'm not super interested in taking this one though. Personally, I'd rather wait to see if we get up to this area because the overall flavor of the market, in my opinion, isn't very likely to... Where we're at now, I would want to see more before I'd put a target way up here, considering we have this huge low volume area that has kind of defended price a couple of times. So just kind of outlining that because I know some of you guys are probably wondering.
Where was I just at? I just completely lost my train of thought. Levels I have marked out are the volume profile levels. I've marked out the, we went over it earlier too. I'm not sure. Maybe you joined later. But those are the, if you were in here, those are the levels from the volume, the fixed range. Oh, what people do at STB. Yeah, literally the blue lines again are the volume profile. That's what I was just talking about, Keith. The value area high and low of the range from here to here. But the first thing that most people do typically.
is that you know they'll come into stb they'll have been struggling and the first thing they want to do is just come like take the exact same trades i do and i get it like i get it i understand right it would be amazing if that was the way you're going to become successful and i get it sometimes you want to just get some quick wins and you're more than welcome to you know you paid me for this service you paid me for stb do whatever the fuck you want but a lot of times like that can help if you go into it the right intention like if you go into it with the intention of like okay cool like i want to see
how things are executed. I want to see what I've been doing wrong. I want to see the logic behind things. Those kinds of things, that's great. But I get a lot of times where I've literally had so many people message me and just be like, hey, what would you recommend if I don't really have any time and I just buy this and copy your trades? I'd be like, well, this probably isn't for you. Because anyone who tells you you're going to become truly, truly successful by doing something like that is just, they're lying to you. It's not true. Because again, confidence comes from proper preparation. Obviously experience too.
But proper preparation is really very, very vital whenever it comes to forming true, true confidence in what you're doing. Because a lot of times, lack of confidence, a lot of people like want to go look up how to build confidence or like there's some like, you know, tutorial, you're going to get an ebook that's going to tell you how to build confidence. It's really not that complicated. It's just prepare as much as you possibly can, right? Like, for example, like, let's say if you're going to run a marathon and you just didn't run it all.
up until the day of you're gonna run it, like what would your confidence level be? There's not gonna be any like YouTube video or mentor that's gonna be able to fix that, right? Just reality. And the good news is a lot of the things that people get stuck on and start to overthink and search for, it's actually a lot more simple. It really is. Simple doesn't mean easy, but it is a lot more simple and direct in terms of what it is you need to do. Am I looking to repeat the 8.30? You mean a 9, 8.30 central is what I'm assuming? The forum's still there.
It's just it's just ask the coaches because now you can ask everybody questions. At the beginning, did you keep it to yourself or you share your ambition with friends and family? Not like friends too much. Like, I mean, whenever I first got into crypto, I definitely did. But like whenever I started taking trading very seriously. Yeah, I definitely did. I share I didn't share like specifics. You know, I did say like I'm in a trading stuff like that. I didn't, you know, be like, yeah, I'm losing my ass. You know, I think that the less you talk about that, the better.
But now I would say as a little bit more of a developed person, I typically talk less about things until they're done. And I remember there's a lesson my dad taught me when I was younger. I didn't used to follow it, but you know, he never really explained it. He wasn't, he's not necessarily, he's a man of much fewer words than I am. Let's say that. But I think that when you, if you talk too much about something, there are numerous bad things that can happen. You know, you start to get more dopamine and more excitement just from like sharing the plans and like all this stuff. And you kind of like feed off that and you get,
you're not as aware, you're not as solid in your foundation. And then another problem there is that whenever things aren't going good, you now have people in your ear that are like telling you to, you know, think differently. It's kind of like the concept of like gatekeeping in your relationship. Like a lot of people, there's a pretty big split on this because I've read like tons of books. I've read books on everything.
One of the books I read was Five Love Languages or whatever. And it talks a little bit about this, but I've heard this concept in many places. And you never want to go out and just vent about your problems in your relationship to outside people. Because typically when you do that, a handful of the people you do it to are people who aren't really good at relationships.
and they kind of just like subconsciously give you advice that'll ruin your relationship so trading is kind of i think that really anything is pretty important because unless it's from like a mentor or someone who is like directed to help you and well educated enough to do so just bantering about things and venting contrary to to a lot of popular belief i think it's bad i don't i don't think it does anything good at all i'm brand new and i've been streaming all the content which has been great but i'm starting to get overwhelmed with variables
I'm curious what you would suggest focusing on as a total beginner. So I would just focus on trading one kind of key level with one kind of confirmation. So maybe that's just using previous days high or previous days low and then watching for a market structure shift from it. Something very, very simple. Like for example, looking for this kind of pattern, right? The market going into a level and then moving away and just watching one kind of level. And the key here though is being patient because a lot of times that I think people are getting overwhelmed with things. It's really rather simple.
to avoid that happening but people don't want to do what it takes to avoid that happening like if i tell you to do that and say hey for the next two weeks i want you to just focus on this only you got to actually do that sometimes people have a lot of problems doing that they're like oh but but you know and it's like well you know yes these things work there are other things you can look at but you need to focus on getting consistent with the process before
trying to master everything at once. It's like business. Like I see this a lot in business. Like people have so many great ideas and they have their team working on like so many different, like low leverage bullshit tasks. I'd say that 90% of businesses, because I just love business. It's my passion, right? I talked to a lot of people. Like I'll be at the damn, like yesterday, we went to this coffee place and it was like this craft coffee. I don't even know how to explain it. Also in terms of updates in the market.
We closed outside, but then failed to close back inside. I'm just kind of letting this thing play out. Nothing that I see what makes me want to get active. What I would be looking for, to be clear, is either some kind of tap into this level, trading under this first candle, or under this level. So until we get those things, I'm kind of just hanging out. But I was at this coffee shop yesterday, and they do tap cold brew and hot brew and all sorts of crazy. It's honestly some of the craziest coffee.
It was like literally like craft beer for coffee. And I thought it was cool as shit. I just started talking to the dude because the dude who worked there was like the owner. And I was like, you know, just talking to him about all this. And then he had a subscription. And I was like, dude, that's fucking genius. I always tell people in every business that like if you're selling like a lower ticket item, you should have some kind of subscription. You know, there's a reason that it works so well, right? And they had a subscription that was basically going over like, oh, well, if you drink this many coffees a day.
or this many you know you can you and i was asking him i was like what's the utilization on that and he was just like well you know people tend to bite off more than they can chew and he didn't really say much but i can tell i'm like you know he's probably in here selling a subscription to coffee for like 90 it was like there was like a 49 a 99 and uh i think 200 or something crazy but you know like that he's just made some small change like that is such a huge impact anyways i'm getting off track boring markets lead to
Now we're talking about coffee shop business models. That's how fucking boring this market is now. Yeah, so I want to see if we can get up towards this level. Not really interested in trading up towards it. And then just to kind of go over why, like when we see this kind of price action, like when we're chopping within a range, ideally, I want to at least get like a good, like if I'm going to trade chop that hasn't really proven it's not chop yet, I want to trade from like a good position. Now, if we break out of here and start to hold to the upside, maybe take a big trade up or maybe take a reversal down. I'm not really.
you know stuck on either or i would lean towards um selling but in these situations i'm not really eager to take a trade right like if i don't get what i'm looking for i'm fine to to not trade you know so i know a lot of times what i notice in the chat is like as soon as the uh you know market starts moving aggressively people will be like oh what do we do what do we do corey not to be rude but they change the format no i don't maybe unless you lost access
I'm looking at it. It's called Ask the Coaches. I want to make sure you have access. Can you send me your Discord in the chat and I'll tag you in it? I want to make sure that you see it. But not rude at all. I don't feel right. I want to make sure you got access to everything. I see other STV members use London, Tokyo, Asia High and Low. Do you use those indicators? So just not to be like a prude here. Typically that would be a level. An indicator would be something else. I'm just...
not trying to be like actually but just just for the education reasons and then yeah i'm always watching where they're at i mean if you'll notice like if you go back and watch the majority of my trades and the majority of these levels are going to happen at these value high and low one thing that i always try to do as i progress as a trader is try to refine refine refine refine refine and combine the value from multiple things into one thing like for example again if you go go back and and back test you'll notice that
I mean, literally the other day we went over this. Almost every time you look, this London high kind of activity, getting swept, will almost always happen around this value area high. Now that we're hitting into this level, I want to kind of keep a little bit of a closer eye. This is where I'll start to look into bookmap. Didn't even get it started up. We'll get this started up and then we'll let this load up. And then I'll kind of go over a really simplified way of looking at it. Typically, what we want to see at this level is one of two things. You want to see either increasing volume.
and increasing bullish narrative around this area also trading views glitching it seems like three minute candles not there so as we can see we have a tremendous amount of higher um cvd than we did over here but we don't really have too too much of a higher amount of buyers so i'm sorry a higher amount of price so i want to see how we react here what i would like to see from a volume perspective is let me get this thing zoomed in and for those of you who haven't watched
this is very simple i know it looks not simple the bigger bubbles are showing large amounts of buying or selling and these heat maps are showing limit orders so typically what we want to see if we're going to see a reversal would be a lot of volume into the level but decreasing volume once we get into the level and then sellers stepping in with increasing volume okay and the buyers essentially you want to look at like this like market buyers if you see market buyers in the market
at a clean level you want to see those traders be wrong right like you want to see a lot of market traders try to get into the market and they try to push the market up but it doesn't work right because a lot of people think that just because there's a lot of people buying the market's going to go up let's say if there's a tremendous amount of retail traders buying buying buying buying buying all through here but then some passive amount of sellers like we see has happened a couple times here steps into the market and sells it off then cool at that point
what you want to see or what you want to look for to to determine if that's happening is that increase in buying volume into the level
And then you wanna see the decrease of overall volume, still some buyers in the market, and then sellers step in. Now, on the flip side of that, let's say if we just have increasing volume to the upside continuously in bullish structure, then we could possibly look to frame some kind of long entry. Again, you're looking for, if you wanna see a reversal, you wanna see a lot of volume into the level, decreasing once you get past it, and then increasing selling volume and price action moving to the downside. Now, if you wanna see a continuation, you just wanna see increasing volume, increasing volume over and over again. And we have CVD down here.
If you want to watch CVD on this. And I see someone said a lot of limit order up above. Yes, but don't always like expect price to go there. Like, yeah, that'd be a level I'd watch, but it's more so about what's happening. That's what you want to pay attention to more than just where the limit is. Like we want to pay attention if we get there, what happens there. That's more the way that I would look at it because it can be dangerous just looking at a lot of areas we have limits and thinking, okay, cool. The price is always going to go there. Sometimes it will, right? But a lot of times it won't.
like for example you could look at this and say well there's 44 here you know the market's going to move there that's not always the case but if the market does hit under those levels that's kind of like where you would want to look for absorption kind of like you see over this area you can also watch price as well we're starting to get above this high this is really where i want to see price start to show its hand so what i'd like to see here too
We have this level. It's right around that 935 area. We've got a decent ways to fall back into the range. The longer we stay above that and the more aggressive buying we see come in, the more I would look to see, okay, cool. Do these buyers actually maintain control here? Because if we do, we can catch a long. What is this right here? 963. I'm going to take a long with stops at 962.
Another reason for that is I do like the amount of increasing volume we're seeing at this level. Like I said before, we're not only seeing the market move higher, we're seeing a lot of aggressive buying, but we're also seeing volume rewarding and pushing the price higher. This is kind of what I want to see. You're melting through some of these limits. Now, the reason I put the stop at 962 where I did was because if you look over here, this was kind of the last area I look where buyers really took control. Now, at this point, I'm going to most likely move my stops up.
under this uh actually i'm just going to go ahead and move them to break even
and the reason for that is because as you can see right here we had a lot of buyers step in at this 25k level i don't want to see these guys get consumed i don't want to see these guys be wrong and also too it allows us to de-risk pretty quickly am i in a trade yes yes i am in a trade if this this would show that i'm in a trade also if i say that i'm entering and showing the stop and stuff like that's that's kind of where um you want to be executing as well if you're trading with me tp i would just have open
I'm going to move my stop to 25.10. This shit is not. Actually, I'll do it at 12. I'm moving it up under this candle. Just being pretty aggressive with wrist because we did get a nice pop here. I'll even move it up to 25.
the securing a nice little bit of gains and again i want to see if we're going to get this explosive movement i want to see it continued right i don't want to see it pause too much especially after we've gotten a nice pop here main thing here is i don't want to see like i had this at 25 34 really i could have been even a little bit more aggressive to be honest we'll level where it's at but i was just moving to a round number under this trying to give it a little bit of room but i want to be careful not to let this thing just erase gains because if it does it can happen fast especially whenever you got a decent amount of profit on the line
had a really explosive move from your entry and we're kind of trading against the overall narrative thing of things i'm also going to move this right up here under this candles low just to secure a little bit more you could even move it to 29 we don't lose the 30s and if it does then we're out for a nice little quick gain cool
in and out yeah pretty quick trade not bad for uh what is that three minutes and some change let's see how whenever you under and let's recap this really quick because i think that this this is going to be a very simple way of of going through what you want to look for and kind of demystifying like book maps a lot of people get they get they get just i feel like overwhelmed by it but really for no reason so let's say let's say right here you have a key level okay let's say you're looking at book map
And you're saying that at this level, and this is why it's so important to be agnostic and not only look for sales or only look for buys. As you can see, I was saying, well, I'm looking for sales. Very quickly, I saw, okay, cool. Well, like, that shit ain't happening right now. Do I want to just sit on the sidelines and have an ego? And, oh, well, I was only, no, that's stupid. That's something a lot of trading education will tell you to do is that, like, you only should, like, predict the market. And if the market doesn't do what you want.
don't you know it's just stupid it's that was you want to talk about aha moments that you realize from actual experience that's one of them everybody always like commit the stick to the plan like but traders misunderstand what that means the plan can be oh well i'll only sell and i only look for sales here or the plan can be and should be i have a set area of key levels right that's what you want to focus on i look for key levels and i look for reactions whether they give me sales or buy sure i might lean one way i might manage my trade a little differently based on which one hits but i'm not gonna just
be shut off to being wrong, right? And this is what I mean when I say you can be wrong and still make money. So if you're looking for a level and you're saying that this is an area where we think there's gonna be activity in price, we think there's gonna be volatility at that level, right? Was there volatility at this level? You're damn right there was. We waited for the markets to hit into it. We waited to see how it reacted. Now, what do I mean when I say how it reacted?
Well, when we're looking at a level and you're looking at book map, and we're going to go back and go over this, but I just want to show you in a diagram first. What you want to see, or we'll go over reversal first. You want to see a lot, we'll say blue is buying, okay? We'll just imagine blue is buying. You want to see a lot of volume into the level, but then once you get there, the volume kind of dies off. There's still a lot of buying volume, but now it's not like there's this uproar to that area. Then what you want to see move down is you want to start to see.
red like sellers coming in and you want to see them come in with increasing volume and not only come in with increasing volume look where the majority of the buyers were you want to see those sellers overpower them when you see this this is absorption this means that most likely what happened is a lot of retail buyers were coming into the market or just buyers in general were coming into the market at this level but some passive seller said cool you just fell into my trap now i'm absorbing all of this and ready to take the market down all right so you're looking for increased volume on the way to the level
decrease volume at the level and increase volume away from it. On the flip side, which is what we just traded was not this, right? We didn't get that. What we got instead was what you wanna see for a continuation. So for a continuation, what you wanna see is increased volume, increased volume, and then maybe you get a little bit of selling volume. But when you start to get this selling volume, when you wanna see a little bit of this volume, but you look and say like, let's say if the largest amount of volume
We'll say, let's say if the largest amount of volume was right here and the market's just not even retesting that and the market barely has any selling volume and all this buy volume steps in and pushes the market higher. Cool, you can look to place your stop at this area and then enter the trade here and take the trade higher. It's what we just did. Now, another setup you can use is let's say if the market retraces into one of these levels where there was a lot of buying, but like right here, let's say if the market hits into this area and then you see decreasing selling volume at that area,
and then increasing buying volume it's the same thing we just went over with absorption you're just looking at it and saying cool the market's making a big move away from it now and then you could trade from here and you can put a stop under this what i just went over with you like that is literally what you need to understand the basic function of bookmap okay i can make it a million times more complicated i can try to sound like a genius i can try to sound like you know i'm like want or something over it's really not that insanely complicated okay
it's really nice so now let's take a look on book map so we established our level which was what we were hitting to over here in this area we're hitting that over here now what did we see as we hit into that 20 that i think it was nine let's see exactly what level 9 35 and we hit it at 9 58 a.m as we hit that level and notice guys like it's not rocket sense there's a huge asquale right above it these heat maps are limit orders as we can see we see a tremendous amount of buying
into that level just like what i talked about big bubbles right do we see any huge amounts of selling no what ends up happening these buyers get rewarded meaning price action pushes to the upside more big bubbles come in that's where we got into the market right more big bubbles come in more big bubbles and you can just see that all and then this is why i'm trailing my stop up originally i traded up to that 25k area once we got up higher i trimmed it up to the 25025 because this i didn't want to see this get overtaken
that's how you can trade momentum and say okay cool like i want to trade this explosive move now as you can see right here we've came back down into this level over here and we haven't really seen a tremendous amount of buying volume but like right here this is what like imagine you just come down into this level right here you come down this is where the lat a big amount of buyers were you come into it
And then if you see a very large amount of buyers come in after these sellers get absorbed, that is the same thing I was just talking about. Now, I'm not super, super interested in taking another trade right now. I'm happy with the trade I got. I also probably wouldn't take this anyways. I would want to see more buying volume. But this is, you know, technically leaning towards absorption. It's not necessarily the most high probability version of it. I'm sure this has been answered, but is bookmap open to all of us? Or is it a separate thing that you need to buy or subscribe to? Yeah, I don't own bookmap.
a software company that has nothing to do with sdb i i pay for it it's like trading view um so you would have to buy it but i think that like that that's the thing that like with all this stuff that a lot of people see it and then also too it doesn't help a lot of the content out there on it i think it's like it falls under two categories either the people are too damn smart to not even too smart i would say they're not good at simplifying yeah like the common way to say this is people like oh they're just too smart for their own good
I don't look at it like that. I actually look at it as like, if you're really, really smart, you can simplify shit. But, or maybe you just don't give a shit enough. Or people try to make themselves sound like more advanced and try to gatekeep shit. So like it can edify them. But that's really like what it comes down to. Like what I just went over is pretty much what you want to understand. But once you start to see this, you start to realize that you can trade with a little bit more edge, a little bit more confidence in what you're doing while still using the same stuff.
Like we're using the same exact concepts. And notice, look at this. This is where a lot of people have these kind of like epiphanies and realize that this stuff's really powerful. You might say, okay, cool. Well, you could just look at this as a fair value gap. That's 100% true. But to determine whether a fair value gap is really valid or not, what do you want to see inside that fair value gap? You want to see an imbalance, right? That's the whole fucking point. People call them imbalances, right? You want to see an imbalance between buyers and sellers, which you did see right here. And like I was saying, you kind of saw that absorption into it.
Now, again, I'm not super interested in taking this trade right here. I already made a good amount of money today. I'm not trying to push it. I also, again, like at this point, I mean, I think that this thing could keep going, sure. But again, I made my trade, the trade I was waiting for. I'm happy with the day. When you place a trade, you already have a set number of contracts. No, no, no, TradingView does that. So right here, you put risk to USD, and then I'll just go ahead and put $5,000. And if I put my stop somewhere, it's gonna automatically put exactly how many contracts I can risk.
based on how much money I want to risk and my stop loss. But cool. Good stuff today. We waited patiently. Didn't trade the chop. Waited for an opportunity. Executed on an opportunity. A dub. I'm on week two of the program. Do you recommend me getting pro version of TradingView? I'm going to be blunt with all this. And this is to everybody. This is to everybody. Get the fucking softwares. Get, get. I know you're saying you're going to, to be clear, Callie Chris. I'm not saying you're not. I'm just using this as an example as a blanket statement to everybody. And I'll give you a little bit of the way I think. Whenever I do something.
Okay, I'll tell you this by a story. Right now, as a lot of you guys know, I'm building a software company. The goal is to kind of become, and I don't mean this in a moral way, but like the palantir of trading. I'm not saying palantir. We're not trying to fucking make drones or something, but just data, okay? I'm realizing that the power of data, how fast AI is moving, I genuinely believe the world in five years is not going to be something we can even fathom right now. I really mean that. So I'm trying to play to win.
Elon Musk has something that he talks about is about playing to win. And I've translated this into trading. But whenever you do something, even the smallest fucking details, you do that shit to the max. You become extreme in everything you do. So if you think that something could provide value, you throw money at it if you can. For example, we've got three developers right now. We're not moving as fast as I would like. So I told my CTO, fuck it. Let's hire three more. He said, dude, that's way out of budget. I said, I don't give a fuck, right? But it's like, guess what?
if we do that do our chances of winning go up does our speed go up does the value of what we're creating go up the answer is yes then do it i don't care and it's called taking a risk right and obviously this is an extreme example but my point being like i i've had a lot of people not want and if you can't if you genuinely can't that's fine whatever but get get the softwares get the tools
Get the things that are going to push you to go harder because not only does it increase your chance of success, it also increases your commitment. You want to know the easiest way that I do things? I'll give you an example, another example. I kind of hit a plateau in fitness a couple months ago. So what did I do? I went out and I found somebody on Instagram that I liked their shit. I went and bought a $6,000 fitness program. Do you think I bought that program simply because I don't know how to work out? I used to box for almost eight years. I've trained, I've worked out my entire life.
I didn't buy that thing to work at. I bought it because if I knew if I put fucking $6,000 on the line, my ass is going to go. I'm not going to fuck around. And not only am I going to go, the way that I'm carrying myself, the energy I'm bringing into it is different. You know, another thing that I do is I'll always make promises to Anna. I'll always tell her this is what's going to happen by this time. Because I'll be fucking damned if I fail after I do that and tell my wife what I'm going to do. When we go run, I make sure to run in front because I know that way I won't stop. The more you can...
These minor things that might not sound serious, they might sound silly. You might be like, dude, holy fuck, I just asked if I could get trading for you. But I use this kind of shit as an example because if I can transpose the way I think into your brain, and I'm like crazy. Like I really am a crazy motherfucker about this kind of stuff, genuinely. And not in a bad way, in a good way. Every last little detail needs to be perfect. Every last little thing you do, every last little way you think, every thought, every action, every step you take, every investment you make, every risk you take.
You need to play to fucking win. That is the only way, the only way that you get to the top of anything you're doing. There is no other way. And when you do that, guess what? All the shit about I'm not confident or I'm anxious or all that shit falls away because you know I'm doing everything that I can do to make this shit work. You know that. You know it in your fucking bones. And there's a funny thing that happens when you do that. You usually fucking win. Hilarious how that ends up like that.
And once you realize that, once you do this and get through the hard and find joy in the pain and eating glass of having to do all these things, then you do it one time and it's just like discovering trading. You're never going to look at money the same. You're never going to look at success the same again after that. And those are the most valuable things you can own is the way you think. Not necessarily what you know, but how you use it. But the answer is yes, get TradingView. That should be a meme. It's like, dude, I just asked about TradingView. Please.
No, but deadass. Yeah, get the shit. Get the softwares. Get TradingView. Get Bookmap. If you're going to use it, right? I know he was asking about the pro version. I know that. That's why I'm joking. Get the version that is like $25 a month. I can't remember the name of it. Again, I'm not saying it was that extreme to get Pro TradingView. I just use the things that you guys ask to inspire me on TalkingPoints that can be valuable in other ways, to be clear. New people are like, this dude's a fucking psycho. No, but I mean, you should be in a way. I don't use a trade copier. I'm trading my own capital.
The broker's trade debate right here. Count up to 141. Let's go. From 9K in November. Can you backtest with bookmap? No. And you shouldn't, honestly. It'd be fucking pointless, to be honest with you. Like, live test. Live test. Backtesting with bookmap would be a complete fucking waste of time. You need to watch this shit happen. Trust me. You need to watch that shit happen. Bookmap membership is whatever the basic one is. Then you have to buy market data. There is no time frame on bookmap.
You can zoom in. It's time slices. Like, for example, right now, you're looking at this area is five minutes. If I zoom in, you can go down to insane levels that you would never need to go to. But I'm not saying you should do that. Don't overthink that part. That doesn't really matter. I would say try to keep it on like five to 15 minute or I'd say one to 15 minute time slices. But it's not that important. It's really not. You're looking just at data. It doesn't matter. You're not looking at candlesticks. You're looking at like where volume is happening at price.
When I make a coffee and miss a trade, yeah, I'm done for today. I'm sorry to tell you that, but we'll see if we can get it back tomorrow. But there's, don't, you know, there's many more days out there. But take it as a lesson to make sure to have your caffeine, preferably at least partially ingested by the time we get here, if you want to match my energy, because best believe I'm coming on here with some caffeine in my system. Can you review this last move trade from the new FCR perspective? Sure. So if we look at the setup from that perspective, you didn't get one. So if you look right here,
You closed outside of it, but then you failed to retest and you closed back inside. So then once you close outside again, after this candle, right, if you would have gotten a retest, but you didn't. So there was no first candle strat. That's the name of that. We'll call the first candle strategy instead of the rule. There was no trade. Jesse, have you always used bookmap? No, I started using, but I was, I've been using order flow stuff off and on for the last like nine months.
to a year maybe like off and on and then emory is the one who got me on bookmap instead of footprints because it's so much easier uh do you jump down to the one minute on bookmap time slices i don't even look at that like i just genuinely i mean i i'm i kind of like i'm just looking at like i don't know my advice to you is like if you want to learn if you want to learn how i did it i didn't even think about that at all because again i think that if you're thinking about that i would challenge you to say like okay cool like you need to understand what you're looking at because if you understand what you're looking at you know that doesn't matter
You're looking at how many buyers or sellers are at a level of price. You're not looking at timeframes. That has nothing to do with time. It doesn't matter at all. Make sure to focus on that. Made $800 a day, had cervical spine surgery yesterday. Damn, you're fucking, you got that work ethic. That's crazy. Hope everything's okay to have the surgery. Did it go good? Sorry to ask again. No, you're fine. Do you know how much, I answered this though, just so you don't think I left you hanging.
I pay for whatever the, it's like $50 a month or something. I don't know. It's like the normal book map package. Have I done a video on volume? Probably. Yeah, I've done multiple. There's an hour long one in the portal. There's the one that I just, we did the other night and Sunday. I have two YouTube videos on it. And then pretty much like most of live tradings. I would say, you know, it's less, like it's a little bit less ROI or well.
I'm trying to think about how to put this. It takes more time, but you're going to learn more from like watching shit like this. Like I'm dead out serious. I know I can say this and it doesn't click until you really realize it. But like the value of what you're going to get in anything in trading, like, and this is the reason that SCB has so much better results than most trading education is that like you actually learn the most by just sitting here fucking doing it. That's where you're going to really learn. And it's like one of those things. And I can tell you this too. Like as somebody, I've studied the art of learning a lot. Anytime.
that you learn something worth doing, you start out and feel like, dude, I'm never going to get this. But as soon as you kind of just let go of that and just lock in, I promise you, I promise you, I promise you it starts to come together. I answer a couple. So you don't need the additional live data. I don't, I just like, let me see if I can find it. I just buy that. I don't, I don't know. I have data from DX feed. So I think that maybe I have it. I can just log in with, I don't even know my fucking password. I never log into this. I'll just look at the subscriptions and tell you, hold on.
yeah i have the uh dx feed data but i had that already but again i think these are the kind of things like if i just i'm gonna go over what how to think about these things but i want you to understand why because if i'm just like buy this these are things you should know i'm not saying it's it's fine that you don't know it now but i just want to teach you instead of just saying buy it all you're looking at here is the data that's getting fed into your this right here you just want to like data book map data dx feed rhythmic it's all just data it's literally it's numbers
It's numbers, okay? It looks like bookmap data is maybe the cheapest. Let's see what it is. I just already had DX feed. They're probably gonna incentivize you to use their data if I had to take a wild guess. Market by order data, buy CME, bookmap data. I'm gonna get bookmap data. I would say that you only need CME, okay? I mean, unless you're planning on trading other things, which I don't think you guys are. Maybe COMEX if you trade gold, but I would say, cool, start with CME because it's gonna be your ES, NASDAQ.
stuff you're actually trading if you want to trade multiple do the 79 but just start with 34 get that and then get bookmap that's it that's all you need that's the way that i would i would go about it most of the time you're not going to need some advanced like crazy one usually with with software just hit like the one that there's usually the middle option it's not like the crazy like you know contact us for the pricing you're going to get boned on like this is typically like going to be your best bet that's what they want you to go for what is the difference between anchored volume profile and bookmap so
anchored volume profile shows volume at price in the past bookmap shows you live time and sales data so it shows you it's as it's developing in an instant like a time and price like volume profile since it's on the side is just based by price and then the amount of time you've marked you don't know when in that time range that the volume happened this you can see hey we're having
You know, there's a thousand fifty one volume right here at this level at this time. That's the difference. I mean, this weird burnout states from other courses and haven't locked in on this course yet. And it's been since Thanksgiving. Well, the first step to fixing that is what you just did, which is acknowledging it. And it's OK. Shit happens. Bro, I live in Alabama. One day I'm going to drive up and trade with you. That'd be insane. I've thought about doing a national meetup before. I'm definitely I keep saying this, but it's just like so much shit going on. I want to do a meetup at some point this year, like a big meetup. It'd be sick.
live stream book map in a discord every morning so we could watch it i have too much shit going on to just dedicate my entire machine towards that there are free book map streams on youtube if you wanted to watch it but i would just buy it that's kind of what i was saying earlier just buy it just buy it and actually learn it like like i always think of it like this i always try to think of it like okay cool like like let's say if i'm if i'm new to something i'm trying to learn it and i ask myself how did the people who are good at it learn it did they go watch a youtube stream of it no they didn't they just bought it
and learned it so don't don't don't do shit like that i say that with love like always kind of check yourself and ask yourself like is this how like is this how like the people that are crushing it did it probably not if the answer is no then what then change rapidly i'm still a beginner and have been using micros any suggestions on a strategy to start scaling up so it wouldn't be based on your strategy it would be based on once you have consistency and also getting to a point where like you have some level of apathy meaning that you don't give a shit there's a there's a uh let me find this thing
There's a diagram that shows this very well. If you want to get into flow state, which is how you really get to be, you know, the best at something, right? You need to be balanced between loss of interest, meaning like this is such a little amount of money that I just don't care. And you don't want to be to the point where you're like fearful. So you need to find this. There's no one size fits all. It's going to have a, for trading and risk, it's going to have a relationship between how confident you are in your system and what your relationship to money is.
for example let's say if you're not confident in your system but you're someone who's worth 10 million dollars you probably won't care to risk a thousand dollars but let's say if you have ten thousand dollars well risking a thousand dollars and not being confident would be peak fear so it's not one size fits all it comes down to those two things like what is your relationship with money and what is your confidence in your trading the only way to do this is to start small and test if you notice yourself feeling anxious when you're trading this goes for everyone
And I would say the majority of you guys make trading harder for yourself because you don't do this. If trading gets to a point where it genuinely feels actually anxious, like it's affecting your physical state of being while you're trading, you're trading with too much money. I don't care. You might say, oh, well, if I don't trade with this, I can't win. Oh, well, I don't make the rules. You're trading with too much. If it's causing you to have a mental state that is increasing the likelihood of your failure and you're not fixing that, then guess what? It goes back to what I was saying earlier. You're not playing to win.
you're not gonna have confidence because you're not preparing right. A lot of these things sound fun and like motivating when I'm saying them and then you realize actually doing them, oh, like this is not as fun, right? Sometimes like preparing means de-risking. Sometimes it means accepting like, hey, this is gonna take a little longer. But when you get to that point, you start to have a little bit of ease at mind and you're not so damn stressful all the time and you might just start seeing some success.
I'm pretty happy with our move. We caught pretty much the majority of the move we've had in about three minutes and it's been like 30 since that happened. The first is your relationship to money. The second is you're confident in trading. What if you're already trading one micro? I mean, at that point, I mean, I mean, like if you're genuinely like feeling like super stressed and like physically anxious at that point, honestly, I don't know what the fuck to tell you. If you want my honest, like I'm gonna be like real blunt here. At that point, unless you're damn near homeless, with love, you gotta grow a fucking pair.
I love you to death, but that's me not going to blow smoke up your ass. At that point, you're talking about something that is fucking meaningless. Do you get anxious when you go get gas? And maybe you do. And that's okay. Like, I've literally had a point where I was completely dead broken in debt. But it's going to be difficult to succeed at that point. I would imagine that you're probably not in here if that's the case. At that point, you got to really ask yourself, like, okay, like, let's get fucking real. A prop firm account on a 25k account is like less than it costs to like go get a fucking lunch at a decent restaurant.
You lose one micro, you're probably going to lose like fucking $20 of a prop firm account. And you're like literally losing like dollars. You know what I'm saying? It doesn't matter. Anyways, guys, much love. Good stuff today. We'll be back at it tomorrow. A lot of gems. Rewatch this. I'm not sure if this is normal, but my FCR with confirmation true entry hasn't really happened in a week and a half. Yeah, that can be normal. It definitely can be normal. Anything like that can be normal. Yeah, no, I appreciate you guys a ton too. Great session today.
every single day we stack aha moments on the one before and they all happen at once much love guys and i'll see y'all tomorrow if we get a nice move here like this isn't enough for me like i want to see if we're going to trade this continuation i want to see aggressive buying continuously step in um otherwise we could see some of these guys up here get trapped and then we can wait to see where we have these big moves stem from like i was saying that's where you want to
see us trade into because if you can see us like retrace down into one of these areas you can then see like our buyers still defending this position if they do then you can use under that area as a stop right after we rebound from it now if we just get some aggressive move to the upside here um from where we're at you don't really get as much of a good risk to reward um by putting your stop too far away
So we're looking over here like we have the overall idea from price. We got the idea that we're going to make some kind of move to the upside. Now, of course, that can change. It's not to say, oh, OK, well, we're 100 percent going here. But like this is kind of a level I would look for if we continue this kind of bullish behavior in the session. So it's not to say if we can't get a retracement, we can't get a trade because that's a pretty wide range. You know, we've got a 200 point range. So it's just about being patient and making sure to get like a good frame of.
of the overall situation because you know
like let's just say the market does this number like we have a big move up we buy here and then it does retrace either you get stopped out before the real move or you don't you just get way worse risk reward than you could now if we pause wait for something along those lines or wait for some kind of new footprint to be put in new large amounts of buyers then cool you can look to to kind of chase in a logical way
it doesn't really look like too many sellers are stepping in 190 area be a good area now in order to trade continuation what i want to see is increasing amounts of buying so notice how we don't really have increasing amounts of buying right if anything it's kind of dwindling so until i start to see increasing amounts of buying um into these levels that we see above i don't want to really you know get in into these trades because we could see sellers try to step in for a second and then the way i like to look at it is you want to see
these tug of war battles so like for example if you're looking and saying okay cool where are buyers holding the line you almost want to see some sellers try to at least push the market to that area because then you can get a better take on things um it's a little bit more difficult sometimes than to uh to trade just full blown momentum you can do it but it is lower probability um so it's best to be patient and see if you can get a better setup
Because at the end of the day, too, like you wait for that, then you can really see who's in control. Because if sellers start overtaking that, you know, then you could say, okay, cool. Well, that's, you know, that idea is not really super valid. Now, another thing you can use is if you start to see a lot of sellers, like at this range, and then the market absorbs them all. Meaning the market starts to push to the upside. We see increased buying after that. That would be an even better setup than just trying to trade straight momentum.
uh chad that's what i was i was talking about book maps whenever i was talking about the stops that's why i was that's i was i was referring to where the mouse was yeah because if you can see like where did that that big move really started from down here we saw aggressive buying aggressive buying aggressive buying like really aggressive right here on this 25 185 25 190 area that to me would be like if we were going to retrace that would be a great place to you know see an entry or maybe we get an entry from here if i go in here
kind of just watching price now and seeing do we start to make higher highs with any force does the market start getting accepted higher because you want to see once we get these larger amounts of you know buying coming you want to see price rewarding that if you're going to get along the continuation here so i'm going to get in with a scalp at two i want to see this candle closure i'm going to do 239
the 239 is where i am in on this trade did it even trigger us take profit it did not that's fine i'll just be watching anyways so pretty tight stops here
I want to see this aggression continued. So kind of like what makes me want to get into this trade is we finally saw what I was looking for, aggressive buying, more aggressive buying. Ideally, we want to see these levels hold, right? So this is at 246. I put it right under 249. I mean, I'm sorry, right under 240 at 239. Don't really want to see us get too far under that. If we do, then I'll probably cool it and see if we can get a better entry. But I do want to stay consistent to the plan of what I was looking for.
But that's why I want to keep tight stops because I don't want to see these levels really get lost if we're going to see upwards movement. And then we also got the candle closure above this level right here, which is kind of what I was looking for. And I said I wanted to watch price. This is kind of the level we want to see defended. If we lose this, we'll probably get stopped. But I'm just going to leave the stop where it's at for now. Ideally, you want to see this hold and see some momentum if we're going to see a continuation.
because again like we can see there's a the buyers right here that's kind of like cause this new move you hit into it you want to see those buyers defend their position if they're still in control it's kind of what we might see here so um now at this time what i would do is i'd move my stops up right here to this level because that's kind of like where buyers just defended i don't want to see that lost right like i don't want to see that area get lost if that is the um
the last area that we see as like the ladder like kind of the example i was talking about on monday you know you're you're in a trade where are the buyers at so we have this big bubble cool they come down those buyers defend boom now that is your next point you don't want to see get lost you can also watch where more and more buyers are stepping in to kind of see like okay you know where do i want to continuously trail up stops 258 i would say we could go ahead as well and move up stops just to
right here at this 258 area 257.75 so we've removed most of the risk on the trade and the reason for that is again like what i was just saying where are we seeing the most amounts of buyers stepping in right here so i want to see these continuously um defended i don't want to see us especially and then a context is important right because remember the context of this is that we're trying to trade a squeeze like we're already we're already asking for a lot that's the way i like looking at it
like we're already asking for a lot if we're going to get a big move here i want to see a big move i don't want to see it around and just sit there right i want to see explosiveness um or i don't want to be in the trade that's very very important okay um go back to this now we're kind of seeing more and more of these buyers so 79.72 i'm going to go ahead and put stops at um 270. so now stops are in profit
Now what you want to see is all this liquidity right here You want to see us like blast it like you want to see this shit get absolutely decimated That's the goal of this, right? So what is this 279 so I'm gonna go ahead and move my stops up to 278 so one point under that position I want to see more aggression here to move up stops and break this 300 I'm gonna go ahead and move stops to 290 291 I want to see a push here or I'm happy to take the profits
Cool. All right. Bang, bang. So secured. What was that on the day? $6,100. Not too bad for a 15-minute workday. I'll keep watching to see if we can get another trade. I do like this setup overall. I'm going to stay focused on this before we start reviewing stuff. $298.
I'm going to go lighter risk. So I want to risk 3000. I want to go 295. Pretty tight stops here. But I want to see aggressive movement. Now the reason I got right back in is again, we started to see more aggressive buyers right off this level. I want to see this continued. I'm going to go ahead and move stops to enter on this. I really want to see a squeeze if I want to have risk on this. Stops are at entry. Come on.
Let me see some been waiting for this fucking breakout all week 317. Let's go ahead and move Stops to 320 keep it really tight. Oh, all right I'd another quick little bag that brings us up to 7800 bucks Bang bang
all right now let's see if we can get a retracement this is kind of what i was talking about earlier like seeing if you can get a retracement down to some of these more um
uh let me think of how to put it more bigger footprints right but you're just trying to squeeze the fucking lemon you see do you guys get what i'm doing here like why i'm doing it like i'm watching where aggressive buyers are stepping in cool that's a new reference point where are sellers getting trapped cool that's a new reference point if i'm clear on the direction like you when you're and again the reason that i'm being that aggressive is because we're in this low volume area right
so you see whenever in this area like i'm like okay if we're gonna if this is gonna be it it's gonna blast like it's gonna be it's not gonna be you know um it shouldn't be what we like to call limp dick price action here at smart trading blueprint at 307 i want to see more aggression i'm going to get in the trade i'm going to take another three thousand dollar risk at three
14 if we can get a i want to see a little bit more than this i want to see if we can get some kind of retracement hold this level i'm just keeping my order ready and i'll actually go a lighter amount of risk because we can get pretty good wrist reward here and i don't want to be too greedy here but i want to see us trade into this level see if we can start to make another move to the upside and with with more force before i get in but just getting my position ready if i'm going to execute you want to see this held
If this isn't held, then I'll probably just be done for the day. I put it right there at that 314. Lighter risk. I'm happy to be a little bit more aggressive. I'm going to go ahead and put stops at entry. All right, cool. I'm done. I'm going to be done on that one. Main reason that I was pretty aggressive on those stops is, again, we hit here. Saw a little bit of aggressive buying. It could still go. It could still go. But I'm happy with the gains I got for today. We could just start seeing chop as well.
okay you just had to hurt my feelings high nasdaq but um cool all right good shit guys let's fucking go that's what we like to see well except the market running without me is after i get stopped to break even i don't like to see that but uh hey what can you say um cool let's do some recap real quick can i go over volume profile yes we'll do that as part of the recap and then i'm gonna get the fuck off screens um
okay so we've been talking about this range the entire since it's happened okay we want to see like when we mark volume profile with a fixed range you want to see where we're having structure most people you know structure we all know structure doesn't really look like that most of the time most of the time it looks like this
right so what you want to see is mark that volume profile on each leg so like think of it like a b right like if we see this right here we saw this move down sideways move okay that value area high and that low are going to tell you what the market's likely going to do okay if you trade into one of these levels and fail to break out of it as you'll see the market just bounces bounces bounces bounces inside the range but once you start to break out of it especially
if there's an area of low volume that is when you will see like what we saw today exactly like literally what i what i said was going to happen on the outlook right um
And you just understand that the market's going to move quickly during areas of low volume because there's not many people positioned here, right? Like this big move over here, this was just caused by a lack of people in the market. There's no sellers in this area that are defending this position. So it's kind of like, you know, free for the taking if we do see buyers. Now, how do we know there's buyers? Well, they're breaking out of the value area high. This is where 70% of the volume was traded, meaning that if price is above where volume was traded and it's getting accepted there, it's not getting sold off.
Who's in control of the market?
Like the people that are controlling these markets, they're not in the business of losing money. If all the volume was traded here and positions were accumulated here and the market's higher, chances are the people who position those themselves here are looking to take the market higher, right? So once you have that barometer, then you start to look for overall entry. You look for overall logic. Now let's talk through that. So this morning, we pretty much just opened up and saw instantaneous price action of the upside, right?
but we stayed consistent. I walked you through exactly what I was looking for. What did we say? At 9 a.m. I said, okay, cool. We've got this big move up. Let's go back to 9.30. 9.30 a.m. We had this big move up. I said, cool. Where did it start from? Where was the imbalance of buyers and sellers? Now, little bit of a kind of a masterclass here. Notice how there's a big amount of volume here and a big amount of volume here. I like this one more. Does anyone know why?
Well, because as we can see, there was an interchange. There was a battle. There was a lot of people trying to sell here. The big sell wall. But buyers stepped in and blasted through it. So I know not only are sellers trapped here, but also buyers are really pushing through. So this was a reference point. If we would have saw the market retraced to this, boom, hit into this, and then see more aggressive buying, I would have longed from there. Now, another scenario is when we're in low volume, you won't get retracements.
And this is why it's important to understand the environment you're trading in. So if I'm in an area where I think that bulls are in control, I think we could have a massive move, and I want to possibly trade that, what do I want to see? I want to see a lack of sellers, and I want to see aggressive buying. So we waited here. It was pretty even. As you can see, there's buying and selling going on. But then we started to see some attempts to sell off. I told you if this gets trapped and we see aggressive buying, then I'm in. That's exactly where we got in.
Once we started to retrace back to where we saw aggressive buying, cool. Now it's the ladder starts, right? Over and over. And that's kind of where we were at. Now, the reason that I started to get more aggressive with my stock management here is because you do see this volume kind of fading. So we caught that one last scalp. Then we got a break even. And just at that point, I'm down for the day. And as you can see, the market's starting to kind of chill and make its mind up. I think it'll still probably go higher. That's fine. I made good money today.
The settings for the volume profile, sure. And they also, if you ever want to have them, everybody, they're in the resources channel in the Discord.
So for the fixed range, row size is one. Make sure it's ticks per row. And then this shit should be total. And this should be, the volume should be 70 default. Now the style, I just have like my up volume. All this is gray and black. So like the down volume is just black.
the fourth one over so up is you know the fourth one over on the up volume but this stuff doesn't this is like literally just play around with this like it's not going to change anything right and the up and down doesn't matter if you're um if you have total on and not up down volume it's just going to be what you have here so i just make the um non-value area less opaque so i just drag this down to 35 then we have the value area high the value area low
and the um point of control marked so yeah that's pretty simple um can i put the inputs up again sure again these are posted in the discord guys you guys can just get these like on demand in the resources channel please repeat the first part um the settings this is it on your screen just set it to this
or is there something about these that you don't understand okay i just want to make sure i'm understanding correct um and then if you want to look at this and also again there's there's screenshots of this stuff um in the resources stuff too
and you like to draw the uh fvp the fixed range volume profile on the 30 minute yeah the 30 minute is really good the one hour can be good too but again it's just kind of like looking at the market from like our perspective which we're day traders right i'm not going to go to a daily and say what's the daily market structure on you know what in the just happened but can you guys just see that like could that was a screen shared
i guess the ai overlords have taken me over but anyways um now the uh the the way you market just think of it like this like market structure you want to be watching as a day trader for the most part is going to be this like one hour 30 minute structure it's going to be pretty similar i like the 30 minute but all these little things like and this is why i always like want to teach you guys the why teach you guys like i know whenever i was coming up as a trader i felt like i was always walking on ice like if i didn't do one thing exactly right that it was going to screw me right
Like, oh, if I pick the 30 minute to the one hour, like for example, if I pick the one hour or I pick the 30 minute, does it really change? No, it doesn't. It's literally just looking where was the last big move in the market and what's the consolidation since then? You see? What range would you use to mark the volume? No, so use the last expansion. So like, let me just do it all this shit.
um so like look and ask yourself like where was the last really big move in the market because like the market remember think of it like this the market's always going to move from consolidation to expansion okay so where did this start and where did the new consolidation you're in begin so that's what you want to ask yourself so like for example if i look at this market right we saw this big move and then sideways price action so i want to mark from where that big move started
and then mark all the way over now this morning we were right around here right so we could see that the the value area means in this big move the true range you want to watch is this that's where most of the volume is being traded if we get above that and start to retest and start to move the upside that's going to be a breakout now if you want to look if you have low volume on the other side of that that's when you'll get moves like this right
but again like understanding context like how many times have i sat here over the last what has it been two weeks three three weeks two weeks that i've had to tell you guys we're in consolidation i'm not trading right now don't look for certain things be patient etc etc it's not because i'm rain man or something or because i've been trading for so long it's literally i have the data that's telling me this
But I understand it. That's why I want to always challenge you guys when you guys ask me questions that allude to a lack of understanding of the why. I can just say, yeah, draw this, break this level long. You don't have any real fucking conviction if that's the thing. But once you understand what this data means, that we're seeing where the most amount of volume is being traded. If we're trying to track smart money in the market, we know that smart money is positioned here. Now, if we know where they're positioned,
We're going to use price action to determine who's in control. Because if you know that smart money is positioned at this level and the market is literally moving higher, that's probably fucking they're trying to buy, right? Like don't overthink it. Very simple. Once you can understand that we're breaking out of an area where 70% of trading happened, you're testing that area. You're starting to move to the upside. You're getting bullish order flow. You're getting bullish.
trade confirmations whether it's a fucking bullish first candle rule or anything it's the same those are all different things of just getting into a trade once you understand the direction right now once you understand the direction the next up the next thing you want to do is understand the opportunity the context because for example let's say if this had been like this move down had been like really high volume which typically they're not right we're trying to catch an expansion then it would be different or if there was like maybe like one volume spike right here that would be what you'd look for
but again like think of it like you're in a car going downhill after you get to this point it's kind of like okay buyers are breaking out buyers are oh shit buyers are in the fucking clear game time and i literally came on i told you guys exactly look we're of this i accept it i'm leaning towards longs i want to see if we can clean this out what happened
after we know what happened all i'm looking for is confirmation seeing is this happening on a lower time frame so i can get a good opportunity based on it that's literally that's it right that's it so um yeah great session i'll add this one to the course as well and this is why you know like i know some of you guys want to see like a course on blue book map honestly like it's there's nothing that's going to replace the you learning it the way that i'm teaching you right here
i didn't learn this from like literally anywhere i never watched a single video on this i talked to emory about it for like 20 to 30 minutes one day literally um but it's i did understand order flow because i understand the idea of absorption that's like you're literally looking at volume and price and saying okay cool if aggressive buyers are getting in the market are those aggressive buyers being rewarded meaning like the same idea is here if we see a lot of volume here and we see upwards movement we'll guess
guess what? Guess who's probably in control? It's not rocket science. It's not like I'm like a genius here. I'm just not overthinking shit. And I'm going based off of data. That's literally it. The same thing happens if you see huge blobs on bookmap, huge blobs, huge blobs. Let's say you're hitting into a key level and you get a big one through it. And then the market just starts running. Well, guess what? Buyers are like, fuck this level. Hold my beer. Sellers, the fuck out of the way, right? Now, if you see something like this,
Like really decreased volume into it and then you just see a lot of like little limp dick buying here No real buying and then you see a big seller come in. Well, that's absorption You know that these buyers are trapped and as soon as you get under the biggest You know area of those buyers you'll have an explosive move because all of those traders are in positions Right. So like if these guys are getting long, that's how you want to think of it and you don't know exactly their position Let's just say if all these guys here are long all through this and there's a shitload of longs
And then whales go through and say, cool, you know, let's, let's shit on these guys. Like he bought dump it, you know that meme. And then you started to see that aggressive down move with increasing volume. Guess what? These guys are going to be stopped and you can look to sell with stops here and just target down. But that's just the execution. Like that's not going to give you the overall, like, like notice how everything was based off of the context based off of everything else we went over.
i would never be that fucking aggressive on bookmap of had i had we not had this you know scenario because as you guys have seen if you go back and watch some of the last trading streams i was not as aggressive right i was not i was just kind of chilling um wasn't really too interested in things i had to tell you guys a lot of times like people like buyers are absorbing but and i'm like no like don't look for that shit until you understand what the fuck's going on around you right like read the room you know you're not gonna wear a fucking tuxedo
to go get a craft beer you'd look like a dumbass don't do that you know um just because a tuxedo is nice right you might have the nicest suit it might be a baller suit i don't know i'm not a huge fan of tuxedos anyway let's say suit because tuxedos are like you know unless you're at a wedding come on now um what are you james bond but you know let's say you have a badass suit nice really nice suit and this i go through this right like i can't there's a lot of places that you know you're just not gonna dress certain ways to
I really enjoy dressing in a suit, really nice look, well put together. It makes me feel really good. I have a lot of suits that I've got tailored. I've literally got suits that I've got tailored for too much money that I haven't even wore. For example, I bought suits from the guy who makes Donald Trump suits in New York City. I haven't even wore two of them.
Like $10,000 of fucking suits I haven't even wore. I love suits. Anyways, I'm getting off track here. Point being, I don't wear those suits just because I love them, just because Donald Trump's tailor-made them, to the fucking local coffee shop. I would look like a fucking idiot, right? So don't go into the market using these very lower time frame logic of execution whenever there's no sense to do it. You have to read the room.
Also, yeah, see some Priscilla said she lost some trying to jump back in. Look, if you're looking to me to trade and then like, again, you have to really like brutally hold yourself accountable for these things. Like if any of you guys jump back in after that, like smack yourself with love. Like, holy shit, guys. I love you, but like we got to really not do that. Yes, this call is recorded. Yes. Make sure, especially like if I'm, and this is the most mind blowing shit to me.
i was literally talking about this with um one of my friends that doesn't trade or anything he was like so like what's the biggest challenge of like getting people profitable i was like honestly like just getting them to actually listen to me it's literally the hardest thing because it's like to me i'm like imagine like
Like I get it. There's going to be some times you have to think for yourself. There's going to be times where you go against what I say that will happen for sure. Um, at some point in your journey, but when it comes to like direct shit, like, Hey, we're trading together. Don't do this. And everyone's like, okay. And just does it. And I'm like, what the fuck do you even pay me for?
I don't understand it. Now, if you're just trading a completely different, but like, let's say if you're somebody who just completely trades a different strategy and you don't do what I'm doing, you're not trying to follow along, that's probably gonna be a part of some of your guys' journey. I want that to be a part of a lot of your guys' journey where you go out on your own, but you probably wouldn't be in these calls unless you're just kind of here for the vibes. I know some people do that. But moral of the story is, if I'm like, hey, look, I'm out of the market. I don't like what I'm seeing. I'm not trading.
don't like just go do the opposite you know what i'm saying like i don't know um but i love you guys i say that out of love i'm reading it correctly but i'm struggling to technically jump in at the right time so frustrating so let me just give you a master class here on winning how many people do you think won world championships in sports when they're frustrated how many traders went through and made the right decisions when they're frustrated
Right? How many people in a relationship are able to diffuse an argument when you're angry? How many people who are scared are able to inspire other people? So step number one is not ever letting yourself get to that state of mind and never rationalizing that it's okay to do so. Modern, you know, psychology, modern, you know, the way the world thinks it kind of like babies you into thinking that shit's normal. That shit's okay. It's okay. No, it's not. It's not. Not if you want to be high level.
Oh, that's not fair. That's not a healthy way to think. Guess what? Guess fucking what? You don't have that luxury if you want to be operating in the top 1%. That's what I tell people when they say that shit to me. I have so many people tell me about like work-life balance and I'm like, look at my life and look at yours. You have to operate with that highest level of standard for yourself to where you would literally be disgusted with yourself to have any level of mediocrity when it comes to whatever your craft is. That's the only way you win. That's the only way you truly win.
That's how you play to win. We talk about not playing to lose. A lot of people are like afraid of, you know, taking losses, all this shit. Like that's when you're trying to play not to lose. If you play to win, you literally throw every last fucking bit of everything at it. That's the only way you can ensure that you truly leave it on the field. And guess what? When you do that, all your anxiety is gone. All of the stuff that used to keep you up at night is gone because you knew you truly gave it your all. So back to the frustrating thing.
Your entire being, if you're somebody who gets frustrated with this, if you're somebody that gets emotional with this kind of stuff, to a level of like genuinely like affecting it, like your performance, that is your biggest focus. That is your biggest focus. You could do a million things to become much stronger mentally. And obviously, I know you're not sitting here saying you're so frustrated that you're like punching your laptop. I'm using this as an example, to be clear. Okay, so.
Greg, don't take this like I'm saying you're not any of these things. I just use these things as examples. But you have to understand that, number one, your state of mind will make or break everything else. If you're not in a good state of mind, if you're acting from a place of scarcity, fear, anger, frustration, you're fucked. You will not become successful. I guarantee it. And any success you have, you'll fuck it up.
And I'm not here to comfort you guys. I'm here to tell you the reality of things. I've been through that. I remember whenever I was going through all this stuff when I had gotten in trouble and I just wanted so bad to make the, I remember getting funded and I had made money trading before this and I got funded. I just looked at this like, this is going to be my ticket out. This is going to be my ticket out. This is going to be the amount, the way I'm going to be able to make money, yada, yada, yada. Guess what? I didn't, I fucking blew that account. I didn't even have a chance from the start, even though I knew everything I needed to know.
And even if I would have gotten funded, I would have probably lost it before I got any real amount of money. And even if I got the money, I would have probably fucked it up because my mind wasn't in the right place. So first and foremost, you need to focus on getting your mind right. You want to know how to do that. Really easy ways is audit your day and be real with yourself. Like how the fuck do you spend your time? How much time do you spend a day reading, meditating, journaling? How much time do you spend really sitting there and holding yourself accountable to all the things that you could be better at?
How many times do you tie that to either your manhood? If you're a man, that's a really easy one. I know there's a lot of women in here. You can tie this to your matriarchal ability to provide for your family, whatever you want to tie it to. I'm not a woman, so I don't understand that, to be honest with you. But I know as a man, if you tie shit to your manhood, if you start looking at yourself like, damn, what kind of fucking father are you? What kind of fucking partner are you? What kind of friend? What kind of leader are you acting like that?
You have to be your own drill sergeant if you really want to get the most out of yourself. It's kind of like whenever you set a big project up.
Your job is to force urgency on everyone on the project. How do you do that? And why is that? Because it brings the most out of people. I don't know if you guys know how Elon Musk started SpaceX. He said on a goal, he said, we're going to go to Mars within the next five years or three years. I think it was three years. Everyone, including NASA, said it's literally impossible. There's no way in hell you're going to do it. He said, okay, cool. Now, did they make it in three? No.
they made it an eight but that's something that not make it to the moon but land a rocket ship is what it was after that had been shot off something that nasa couldn't have done didn't couldn't do in 50 plus years did an eight just a fucking business person right now why was he able to do that and why did he set that goal because he understood that setting that level of unreasonable urgency forces you to expand
It's kind of like when people say, oh, well, $10,000 is a lot of money. But if somebody had your loved one ransomed for $10,000, you'd kill for it. You'd do whatever for it. It wouldn't be a lot of money anymore. It'd be a necessity. So how do you create that same kind of urgency with everything you're doing? That's how you have to look at trading. That's how you have to look at managing your emotions. That's how you have to look at the...
I mean, every decision you make, you have to become a fucking psycho. If you want to be at the top level, imagine, imagine all the people out there in the world. I want you guys to imagine like being, have you ever thought about what it really means to be in like the, you know, top 1.1%. So I want you guys to, how many, can you guys, can you guys envision a room of a thousand people? Like maybe your high school when you grew up.
maybe some other, you know, congregation of people you've been around. You picture a thousand people. If you want to be in the top 0.1%, which you should be, you should want to, you have one life, you only have so long. If you don't want to be in the top 0.1%, you need to reevaluate the way your fucking brain works. Genuinely. But do you understand what that actually means?
That means that out of 1,000 people, you are the best, the number one at whatever it is. Do you understand what it takes to do that? 1,000 people out there competing with you. You have to be better than every single one of them. How would you live your life if that was your life on the line if you didn't do that? That's how you should try to live every single day. That's how you end up old looking back at your life like, damn, I really did that shit. I lived. I ain't a damn thing I would change.
oh shit omar works at spacex that's sick that's fucking awesome he said i can co-sign for jesse yeah he has that's awesome dude i bet that's a fucking amazing experience and you're literally like making it like you're in another thing you guys are like making legitimate impacts on mankind like in in the the advances in technology right it's crazy anyways guys
Good yap session. Really good stuff. As always, I appreciate you guys tremendously. Great day today. Please, please, please. Just get the fuck off your fucking computer. Like, for the love of God. Please. Just get off your computers. Talk about what I just said. Like, if you don't get off your computer now after that, how bad are you even serious? And then I want you guys to ask yourself that every single morning and every single night from now on. Was I really serious today?
But like if I were to break down, think of somebody who depends on you. You guys have kids, think about your kid. And think about like, did I really do everything in my power to move us forward? Every morning, every day, every night. Maybe it's your partner. Maybe it's your parents. I try to have as many of those as possible because it pushes you to be better. But sit there and ask yourself, did I really leave it all in the field for him?
Because fuck yourself, bro. You're not going to get to the top just being like, having nobody rely on you. I purposely, I really don't believe that. Right? But anyways.
good shit guys appreciate you all and i'll see you guys later in the week all right guys hope you enjoyed the video if you made it this far then congratulations because you have a longer attention span than 99.9 of humans because this was a really long video so the main thing that i want you to take away from this video is that you have proof and i don't mean proof that i'm a good trader i mean proof and conviction in a trading system because you've watched me sit here and execute it
You've watched me take this account from a very small amount to a pretty large amount. And now you have that rational belief that this strategy actually works. And if you're gonna decide to trade the strategy, that's gonna be huge for you because when you have proof, that is the only way you get confidence. If you're trading a strategy and you know that it works, then whenever you have the normal losing streaks, you're not gonna be so upset about it. You're not gonna switch strategies or get all anxious because if you have...
proof that it works then you know over the long term you're going to have some losses but you keep that confidence and once you have that confidence you also will have consistency so i want you guys to comment some of your key takeaways from the video make sure to subscribe to my channel also if you want to join my live trading room i'll leave a link down for that in the description it'll be at the top next to the word mentorship and we do a ton of other cool stuff in there too we review your trades every single one you take you get access to my app tons of cool stuff
But regardless, I appreciate you guys a ton for watching the video, and I'll see you in the next one.
