This stupid simple one minute scalping strategy consistently gives me days like this, this, and this, and I'm about to show you exactly how. It's so stupid simple that even complete beginners couldn't mess it up and it appears every single day. Today I'm going to show you the full strategy and do a one month backtest to prove to you that it works. By the end of this video you'll walk away with everything you need to trade consistently in less than 90 minutes per day.
you'll learn one stupid simple strategy to find your entry set your take profit and your stop loss and i'll teach you the bounce rule that helps you avoid losing trades to trade this strategy get to your desk right at 9 30 a.m new york time and this works in all markets whether it's futures stocks forex options or crypto to find winning trades consistently we only need three simple steps for step number one we're going to draw the high and the low of the 9 30 a.m five minute candle
So we're going to go up here and click the five minute button. This means that each candle represents five minutes of price action. Then you would select this trend line tool and you're going to mark out the high and the low of that first five minute candle. Step two is we're going to go to the one minute and wait for a break. So then you would go up here and click on this one minute button and this is where we're going to look for our entry. Now what you want to wait for is for the market to trade through either the high or the low.
And as you can see here, we did trade through the high. However, this wouldn't give us a trade entry. And the reason is that wicks alone don't count. As you can see, the only thing that traded through the level was a wick. In order to find consistent winning trades, there is a specific behavior that we're looking for in order to enter a trade. And this brings us to step three, which is our displacement entry. This strategy is...
perfect for prop firms. And recently, I partnered with Apex so you guys can get 80% off challenges by using code CASPER. This means you could get a 50k challenge account for less than $50. As we get into this trade entry, let me ask you, if you had a proven strategy, are you the type of person that's able to stay consistent with it? Now, I hope the answer was yes, because this is the most important skill that any profitable trader has. Now, the reason these wicks don't count is because we need a big push to prove that we're actually on the right.
side of the market otherwise what you'll often see is the market's going to just kind of chop around and if you take trades during this it's a very high probability that you will lose money but the good news is there is one simple pattern we can use to confirm that our entries are good now the pattern that we're looking for is only going to occur if we push back outside of the range and as you can see right here we push back with a lot more energy than we did over here
Now the pattern isn't a candle closure as some people may think because as you saw over here, we still had that and the market retraced and there would have been a losing trade. What we are looking for is a fair value gap. Now a fair value gap is a very simple three candle pattern where the middle candle is very expansive, leaving a gap between this candle's wick right here and the previous candle's wick. What this shows us is that there are large forces
pushing the market and buyers are definitely in control. So as soon as we have that fair value gap outside of the range, we're good to enter the trade. And since we pushed through the high of the range, we're gonna be entering a buy position. Now to plot out your entry and stop loss, you're gonna go over here and click on the long position tool. Your entry is gonna go.
right on the close of this third candle. And then we're going to put our stop loss right at the candle that closed outside of the range. And for our target, we're going to go for a fixed two to one risk to reward. What this means is that we make two times as much money. If our trade hits the target, then we would lose if we're wrong on the trade. And at this time you can sit back and let the market do the work for you and trust that there is a high probability that the trade is going to play out in your favor.
And as you can see, that's exactly what happened. And in a little less than an hour, in 53 minutes, just one contract would have made you $1,450. Not too bad for a one-hour workday, if you ask me. Now, this strategy alone works great. But once you add what I call the bounce rule, everything changes. Now it's time to put this strategy to the test so you have the clarity and confidence you need in order to trade it successfully.
And we can see how it did over the last month. And as a bonus, you're going to learn the bounce rule to improve the strategy's win rate and risk to reward. So for the next example, you can see that we've marked out the high and the low of that five minute candle. So we're going to head to the one minute time frame. And then what we're going to wait for again is just a break.
of one of these levels now on this candle we got a break of the range but we didn't get our entry pattern which is a fair value gap so no trade just yet and then the market pushes back outside of the range giving us that fair value gap so now we have a trade entry so as you can see we can enter the trade here with our stops under the candle that closed outside of the range sit back and let the market do the heavy lifting for you and in this example this trade took about 28 minutes to play out
and it added another $1,500 in profit. This brings us to a total of $3,000 over two trading days in less than 90 minutes worth of work. And this brings us right to example three, where I'm gonna give you guys the full breakdown of the bounce rule. So what is the bounce rule? Well, it's just one simple trick that's gonna help you avoid losses and increase your risk to reward, meaning you'll make more money per trade. If you knew that patience would make you into a better trader,
Are you the type of person who would be able to wait for the best trades? Now, if the answer to that is yes, the bounce rule is gonna be your best friend because it does take a little bit of patience, but in the markets, patience pays off. So instead of entering the trade right on that first fair value gap, what you're going to do is wait. Now, a lot of you guys are gonna have trouble with this because you're gonna see the market and think, oh my gosh, the market's going away without me, but you need to rest assured and stay consistent if you're going to use the bounce rule.
because a lot of times the market will come back down and give you another opportunity. But you do need one simple pattern to confirm this opportunity. Now, the first step is you're gonna wait for the fair value gap to be tapped into. And step two is you're gonna wait for the bounce confirmation. So there's a very specific behavior you wanna see occur in order to confirm that we are bouncing away from the fair value gap.
And that, my friends, is a candle engulfing. So if you notice right here, this big up candle, it engulfed, meaning its body closed beyond the candle body before it. This shows an energetic push confirming that the market is likely to continue. But there are a couple different things when it comes to placing your entry and your stop loss. So for your entry, you're going to place it right as soon as this closes. And for your stop, you're going to put it just below the low of this candle.
But when it comes to your target, instead of targeting two to one, we're actually going to go for a three to one risk to reward. Now, this may not sound like much, but as you can see right here, we only have to risk $500 to make $1,500. Now, after you've patiently waited, you can sit back and let the market do the heavy lifting for you. And as you can see, this trade ended up hitting its target.
From the time the trade was entered until it was over, it took about 32 minutes and we added another $1,500 in profit, bringing us to $4,500 in just three days with less than two hours of work.
If you guys need extra help in your trading and would want to trade with me live at the market open, have every single trade that you take reviewed to make sure that you're not making any mistakes, and be directly mentored by me, being able to ask me anything you need, I'll leave a link down in the description to apply for my mentorship. And since this isn't your average trading discord, it's a very intensive mentorship, not everyone's going to qualify, but if you do, I will work with you until you become a funded trader. That's how confident I am in my system.
now let's take a look at the back test results to see how the strategy ended up performing all right guys really quick disclaimer this is meant for education only trading is extremely hard and most traders lose money i am not a financial advisor i'm not licensed and these back test results do not guarantee that yours will be the same now that we got that out of the way let's take a look at the results you can see we had a 66 win rate winning 10 out of 15 trades
with a total p l of 14 240 now this is amazing and this was all done trading one nasdaq contract but what makes this strategy powerful is the max drawdown and you can see right here is only 2100 now if you're trading on apex and you are trading a 50k challenge
All you have to do is get to $3,000 of profit without going under $2,500 of drawdown. So as you can see, this strategy is perfect for prop firms. Again, I will leave a code down in the description where you can get 80% off. It's code CASPER at apextraderfunding.com. You now have a stupid, simple scalping strategy that you can trade in less than 90 minutes per day.
If you like this video, then you will love my full free course that I put out totally for free here on YouTube. It is two hours packed with literally everything that you need in order to get started day trading this year. I will leave a button on the screen somewhere you can click and start watching that, but make sure to bring a pen and pad because it goes deep. Let me know down in the comments if you would want a full video breaking down the bounce rule and some other filters that I have to increase the win rate of this strategy.
And if you found this valuable, guys, make sure to subscribe to the channel and I will see you guys in the next video.
