That's good. I'm going to give everybody a second to get in here. Yeah, we talked about Euro yesterday. I'll wait for everybody to get in here to go over it. Unfortunately, I didn't get to take a trade, but that's okay. It wasn't really much of an opportunity whenever we were watching, for me at least.
Yeah, I mean, that was a good level. It's always nice to see the bias play out correctly. Sometimes, you know, you don't get an opportunity. And, you know, a lot of people get really bent over that and torn up. And I can understand why. But you got to look at it for, you know, what it is. And what that is, it was an opportunity that was, you know, it arised. But if you look, for me personally, there really wasn't much, you know.
Let's just say the break that we would have been looking for.
um would have ended up being this one just this shift in market structure doesn't have to be our internal structure our high and low it just is any swing low or any low that was broken with displacement and then we look for an entry upon that fair value gap now using the 15 minute there wasn't anything and we're going to dig a little deeper into it to see if there was on like a five minute my guess is there might have been but and a lot of times we have these nft day or nft holy shit nfp day um uh
that price action is a little fickle and it doesn't really, you know, behave in the manner we're used to. And that means sometimes you either, you know, the worst case thing, you get stopped out of a good trade. And sometimes you just miss one. So that's what happened with Eurodollar. But it's all right. Everything pretty much tanked today. DXY is following our analysis to a T.
I'm not sure if I'm going to see too many opportunities personally today after this much of a move. Maybe if we travel back up, start to show displacement on indices. I'm going to switch over to that. I just wanted to start with Eurodollar. Let me finish this tweet. A lot of people that just trade stocks or even people that just trade crypto and aren't aware of the way news affects stuff, especially NFP, they're probably wondering, like, what happened? One second.
Bitcoin kind of came back down into this imbalance. I think everybody was getting a little bit of FOMO on the way up. Bitcoin's looking pretty good. We dipped under these equal lows. Definitely saw that displacement you want to see. So now, this price action is kind of odd. Of course, the NFP results where they were better for the dollar gave us a push to the downside. So now we have a little bit of a...
kind of a conflicting scenario, which usually when I have, I'm not one to rush into trading. But what I see is now we have displacement to the downside. Ideally, I would like this filled before continuing down anymore. But then we have this massive gap right here on the one hour. So what I like to do is measure the impulse move, and I'm going to look for the fair value gap that's in a discount.
And if you look, we're also kind of engineering some liquidity probably on a lower time frame in the form of some lows right here. So for me, if anything, I think we might be able to catch a short opportunity coming back up into this gap right here. I know that one hour is right there, but that's also not in a premium of this impulse swing, which there's no law that says we have to go into a premium, but it's preferred.
So what I'm going to watch here is I'm going to watch this entire 15 minute fair value gap. So as price travels back into this, if I can see maybe a one minute break of structure, the downside with some displacement, I'll look for a selling opportunity just down into these lows down here. And then this fair value gap, because overall Bitcoin looks good, in my opinion.
But that's kind of where I'm at for Bitcoin. Show you guys kind of what I'm talking about. Something like this. That would be ideal. Or, you know, we can see it come back down into that daily draw on liquidity we've been talking about. But for right now, what I'm more looking for is something like this.
And that's the beauty of NFP Day is it gives us a lot of volatility. So we have these massive imbalances that need to get filled. And once price gets into those areas, we can watch for reactions. And sometimes they won't hold as much because they are manipulation, news manipulation.
Like in this example, the dollar was being accumulated on that news. So price rapidly fell just because the dollar, which is what Bitcoin is denominated by, was gaining in value. And even if it was just staying stationary, it doesn't have to dump in order for the price of Bitcoin against the dollar to dump. So when you have a scenario like that, that can be looked at as a manipulation scenario.
But, you know, that manipulation occurred by orders, which whether it was Bitcoin just being sold just to be accumulated, you know, for value to be accumulated in the dollar or people were trying to sell it. Regardless, it doesn't matter. It's the same thing. So we're still going to watch the areas the same.
Also, if you want, any of you guys, feel free to unmute your mics and talk. Today is going to be just kind of like watching price action. You know, if you have any questions, anything around that, just ask them. They don't need to wait. Indices dumped hard. I bet people that don't, people that just trade stocks that don't keep up with NFTs are, God, why do I keep going to NFT? I'm about to fucking smack myself. Fucking.
NFTs. That's how you know my mind's fucked up from crypto.
I wasn't on last stream. Can you explain what NFP Day is? Yeah, so it's non-farm payroll. It's basically, in a nutshell, just some news that is really volatile against the U.S. dollar. It has to do with employment and unemployment numbers. And depending on how the news comes out, it can be really bullish or bearish for the dollar. Anything that affects the dollar heavily is going to...
always affect all markets you know whether it's stocks crypto or forex all right thanks for sure where's this post up so now we're seeing price rally um with the 9 30 open oftentimes you know we see price rally like this it's not necessarily um in the morning like as soon as the 9 30 open happens it's not always um
It's gonna be the move of the day, so to speak. I mean, I see a lot of sell-side liquidity definitely, I mean, that's obvious was removed right here. So, you know, upon this break of structure here at the displacement, you know, we could be looking for...
maybe return down into this imbalance. But I will say I'm not really super, super eager to just long because I think this could just be a push back up into this imbalance that was created in literally one minute. So we really don't have any kind of pinpointed way, even refining to a one minute. It's a massive fucking imbalance. So I'm not...
extremely eager to long that. With NFP Day, I'm always really patient. I don't want to force anything. Usually the better times you get into NFP moves are if you already have been in a move that doesn't have a stop loss close by that you didn't get a stop on it and price just goes in your favor. For instance, I know that Jerry, I think he's still in here, but he's one of the homies. He had some gold shorts open last night and you know that shit fucking paid.
Let me look at... I mean, we could watch this zone down here. Let me look at NOS. NOS to me... Okay, it's probably in a better zone anyways. Where is this from? I think it was a daily imbalance we found. Yeah, so I like this automatically a little bit better. But really, any kind of longs that I would be looking to take would probably be shaving them off up in this area.
And that's even if they're there. Actually, I believe that how it was. I was telling this kid yesterday that this was not bullish. Well, it wasn't. I mean, I think that the NFP is what caused it to drop, for sure.
yeah it definitely was if we look at the macroeconomics so when nancy pelosi went to taiwan if you look at what the fed was saying everybody was ignoring the fed and the market kept rallying and the fed saying hey we don't know what the fuck's going on with the market this isn't good inflation is going to keep going and we're ready to raise interest rates to four percent
And nobody was paying attention to that. There was no reaction off of them saying, hey, we're thinking of raising interest rates by one full percent point. No fucking reaction. None whatsoever. Until today. I think this was NFP. This didn't have anything to do with that, in my opinion. Because the dollar, if you look at DXY, DXY rallied as soon as that news came out. So I think that's why we dumped, personally.
But it could have been priced in with that. Who knows? Because I was also not bullish on Euro USD. I was telling JL yesterday, I was like, how is this bullish? It's not bullish. It's going down. I was willing to bet the house on it. Like, fuck out of here. I wish I would have. But no, I didn't even take a trade. I was asleep during this. I'm still expecting bleed.
I'm expecting us to fill down to an ES. I'm looking at 40. I'd like it to sweep lows one more time and then just fucking destroy shorts. Just rail to the upside and take out those highs. It's done it before. That'd be so sick. This daily candle is going to have a lot of juice around here.
like i think it's at a weekly equilibrium right now like this whole impulse move or close to it it's kind of like hanging on equilibrium so anytime you have that it's gonna be um
pretty fickle but um yeah here i mean i see the short narrative for sure because like we've you know rebalanced the weekly um there's the daily got rebalanced as well but this candle was kind of throwing that off for me because if we start to see this kind of impulsive move today it's going to go for these highs but nos on the other hand this looks i mean if this holds here this looks like it wants these equal highs right here
Yeah, I was shouting 13,600 on NAS. Yeah, no, for sure. For sure, before any black. NAS has been stronger than anything recently. I can't. Oh, also, Japan almost got hit with a missile last night from China. Just so you know. From their drills? Yep. Yeah.
I didn't even see that yet. It's crazy. It was a rogue missile. I was driving yesterday at like 9 p.m. and the news just hit my fucking thing. I was like, oh, shit. What the fuck? Because they're one of the biggest NATO countries, so we would have to act immediately. And it's crazy. That's fucking crazy. That would be immediate fucking war right there. Yeah.
I don't know if it was on purpose, if it was an accident, but I just know what happened. I was like, come on, China. Y'all, you never do nothing like this. What's wrong with you guys? Yeah, it's like, they're really feeling some type of way about Taiwan. I don't even know, like, though. It's happened a couple times. If you look back at 1976, it happened when the president of Taiwan, he graduated for Cambridge, and he was the guest speaker at Cambridge.
And China didn't like that. And they went and did drills like this. And then the students, this is when Tenement Square happened where the students were, you know, doing the whole thing thing. Yeah. I think I'm in a long NAS right here. Yeah, that's what I'm watching. I just don't like that it didn't break over the low, the high that caused the low. It's like a little three drive on the one minute.
But I don't know I'm not like see we have this too. We have all this liquidity right under equilibrium So you could see it just like literally it could I wanted to sweep that Yeah, I wanted it to sweep those on that first impulse move ahead to the upside I was hoping for another a displacement candle after the first displacement candle I was like, please. Yeah, cuz it's giving It's giving the I mean cuz it's like, you know news comes out
We raid the lows into an imbalance in the daily. Daily drawn liquidity is up above. It's not bad of a setup, but I'm always hesitant on NFP days, which some may or may not agree with that. Like I was saying earlier, I think that a lot of the times people eat off NFP is if they're in a trade before it and they end up and they've been in it. For instance, if you've been in shorts or something like that and then NFP comes out.
bullish for the dollar that's you know when people really start to eat off of it but scenarios like this you know i'm not super super um apt to jump the gun and just go after really bitcoin what i want to see though um i want to see us because i think that this down here this accumulation under these lows that gave a nice buy if you were watching um during tokyo last night but even then it was like
kind of pretty choppy price action. You know, like the only opportunity I really see was like playing off this massive order block over here. And that's like, you know, maybe you did that, maybe you didn't. I personally probably wouldn't have done that. No, I got out of my Bitcoin longs when we hit, I was hoping for 23,600, but we didn't break that when Ming called out his longs. I had a trailing stop. Oh, that first, those first longs. Yeah.
I was hoping to fill 50% of the imbalance, and we didn't fill that shit. We just started pulling back before then. If we want to long the NASDAQ or the S&P 500, we just need Tesla to cooperate. That's it. That's the last one. Apple's moving up. Microsoft's doing good. Tesla has no volume, which is fucking weird. Microsoft is going up. Google's in a decent place. But yeah, we just need Google, Microsoft.
tesla and apple to be in an uptrend bro we'll kill it kill it so the thing too i think this is just a mitigation so like 50 i mean 705 yeah it could be i mean it's just because like usually if i see spy do something like this like where it's like it just it literally didn't even fill a single fair value gap it made except if you count that i mean i guess technically it did but it's
Whenever that happens, usually it tells me price is just gravitating up to something up in this area. There's just a ton of sell orders left. And that's where I'll see a lot of the Lickrade setups. People don't realize, they'll be like, oh, that shit doesn't work. But in reality, a lot of times it's a scalp and you're just playing the impulse. If you get a big enough impulse move, it's just playing the impulse. That's it. It's not even trying to count. Now, if you have some super clean equal highs up above it or something like that, it's different.
like something like this like you're probably just playing up into the impulse and who knows it can always just you know do its own thing and fly but you know
What did gold do? It dumped, but not. I mean, actually, that was pretty bad. I saw someone on Twitter. They're fucking around. They're like, free signal. They're like, wait till 8 a.m. Eastern tomorrow. Open 100 lots on gold. No stop loss. TP 3000. I hope nobody like. Because there's some people that like.
I don't know, man. Some of the shit people... I think people are so... They just want some kind of fucking advice so goddamn bad that they'll... I've seen people entertain the dumbest shit. I'm like, bro, you can't be fucking seriously asking if this person's for real. Yeah, Tesla's holding the market down.
This just looks maybe like some redistribution. Because everything else is doing good. So this lower high gets confirmed here. That'll just be redistribution. But there's this imbalance. And there's displacement of the upside. So I've been more or less watching Bitcoin more than anything recently. As after indices have had like this week. This week for indices has been okay at best in my opinion.
I mean, it's there, but it's, like, it was, like, range-bound, like, the entire first couple days. There's, like, no major moves. They're all, like, those kind of scalp moves where it's, like, it moves up to, like, equilibrium and then gets sold off. And then it's just, I don't know. But Bitcoin this week was fun. Damn, Tesla just confirmed shorts. Yeah, NOS doesn't look too strong. He needs to hold this gap right here. And Robby just went long at the 50%.
I'll entertain the idea by a contract. This just confirms it so we can raise interest rates even heavier. This right here usually isn't a good sign, but who knows, we'll see.
equilibrium right there. So it's like, you know, and then what happens is sometimes it'll come down and maybe an opportunity, but a lot of times it'll come down and then it just comes all the way down. And then like, what the fuck happened? See unfold as Bitcoin, go back up into that. Oh, Tesla's taking a shit. Oh, it broke a 900. That's why. Oh, it's going to go down like bad.
Yeah. It's going to pull Apple down in a second. Nets pulling down. Airbnb's pulling down-ish. It needs to flick green. They're also fucked in the market. Boeing's doing good. I was going to say, yeah, I bet they are. Lockheed Martin's doing amazing. I think that if DXY starts to, because looking at this, it looks like it could come down a bit.
But DXY realizing it's on the fucking world, man. Like, I just try to watch the daily chart. The daily chart tells me that she wants these highs right here. If not, a major high. But we know the weekly's drawing way up, so that could be a problem for markets more than anything else.
Yeah, I mean, the buy setups are rising themselves, but I'm just more waiting for price to come up into these impulse move zones and just see how it reacts there. Because I'm not one, like, I don't, I'll play something that's like a little under 3R on indices because it happens a lot. Or maybe just the way I use stops, but I don't like playing stuff that's like, it's literally like a little bit better than 1R. I mean, then a lot of times when I don't play them, they end up going much farther than 1R, but...
when the target for me wouldn't be much because here there's a one minute imbalance I'm just targeting the beginning of that imbalance and it's right at equilibrium so it's like yeah I can see it but the target isn't really there for me now that I said it'll probably fucking run to 13 600 a day but
I wonder how Aussie dollar, somebody that trades Forex has told me lately Aussie dollar has been fire. I just don't see it on the daily. It doesn't, like whenever there's not really clear levels on the daily, I'm just kind of like, eh. Oh, I hit that GBP USD, bro. I'm still in it. It's almost full TP. What, a short? Yup. I shorted that shit down to the equal lows that it has. It should rate liquidity down there.
Yeah, that one day I shorted it, and then it was like some small gains, but I ended up just closing the bitch before broker hour. Thank God, because it railed the next day. Then I think it was the FOMC that fucking pumped that bitch to the roof. I know Mang had some shorts on it, too, but I think he ended up getting stopped out on him. Oh, I was in shorts, I think, a little bit before that. That's why I didn't really fuck with my position. Oh, you must have been in those bitches from weeks ago, because I know that was the high of the range where he got fucked.
Yeah, right there at the high of the range I didn't enter until we went down. Here, I'm sharing the trade. There's a good trade. I don't want to call these equal right here. There we go. Spy's going to break out. There's going to be some sell-side liquidity. Actually, I would just really focus on the same bounce away and pay attention that high. The world can chill the fuck out. Forex might be fun again.
I don't know if it's drawing down here. I mean, I don't really see these lows, but this is really what I've been getting a lot with forks lately is it's like, you know, it's there. Like I see set up stuff intraday, but when I look at the daily, I'm just kind of like, I don't really see a bunch of levels that necessarily like scream out to me. So whenever I see that, I'm kind of like, you know, I kind of just chill out.
There might be something of interest allowing all these highs. I mean this could be if we start to reverse I would look first to drop into this imbalance right here It seems like that's where we were going but price got pushed away from I guess this daily supplies on right here Yeah, it seems like this was I don't know it looks kind of like pretty rough Here we go Nasdaq's about to break out P&L's going up finally Honestly these Aussie dollar shorts will look good that this this would go in
tune with my daily bias on DXY. So if we can get a push back up on Aussie dollar. Oh yeah, we'd like to know. It's actually like this. If we get a nice push back up to that zone that I was just putting on Aussie dollar, I would look for sales through reversal. So we're coming back up to equilibrium now, up above all those highs too.
More and more I've traded ICT setups. More and more I realize why he risks 4% of his goddamn poor because half the time it barely moves. The price moves. A lot of times you get some really nice setups though. There we go.
I've noticed Bitcoin moves more. A lot of people say it moves with SPY, but I swear it moves with fucking NOS. It's like a tech stock at this point. It really does, though. I've noticed it moves with NOS more. Because look, it didn't really start pumping until just now. SPY's been pumping. What's Tesla look like? What worries me is that this was a major sign of weakness.
Yeah. For sure. For sure. But the only thing is, I'm just, whenever I see that kind of shit happen, like if the way I always like kind of try to weed shit like that, and it's not always right, but if my day, I just go to the daily chart at that, if it's news related, like if it's like FOMC or NFP especially, because like I just look at it like, you know, what's price doing at this point? Well, we are in this daily order block, right? But.
You know, when we have an order block with a bunch of equal highs above it, we almost always see it get pipped. I think it already passed mean threshold of the daily order block, reacted to it, but it did pass up above it, which indicates some form of weakness as far as the amount of orders that reside here. Then if we look at like when we push down, you know, as long as we stay above this fair value gap, you know, for me, that's just, you know, rebalancing price.
And yeah, on the lower timeframes, it definitely is like the four hour change of character, the downside. But like, for instance, when we saw that this last time, we saw that four hour change and it did rally down, but it was just coming back down to fill some of these imbalances. And if the overall daily order flow is bullish, that's where I look for it to, you know, like for instance, right here.
And this swing structure is pretty fucked up. But I would say, really, this is your swing structure right here. I mean, you could say this, I guess. If you want to be a little more generous with it. But I always try to focus on the daily when it comes to overall buy. And it's just, when we're this close, I mean, there's no law. It doesn't have to happen. But when we're this close to these...
uh all these highs and this fucking imbalance that's where i kind of look at i'm like it seems like price was drawing here now if we get like another a daily closure like this and then another daily closure the downside yeah then i'll look for us to start coming down we've also got another imbalance right here um that could end up getting filled you know so there's there is different um zones we gravitate down towards but i always wait i just kind of try to tell what the daily is trying to tell me
See, like 30 looks like that. This looks a little weaker, in my opinion. But it also has the most room to run still. We came back down with this daily imbalance. At the beginning of the week, we had marked this, and it came into this area. Pushed away, but it didn't fill it all away and left some relatively equal lows. Oh, gold boys are fucking better be eating today off these longs.
Like, bro. That's pretty clean. And the setups, you know, like, we've been using our indices, they work on everything. I really let them start. The imbalance entries are starting to grow on me. Dude, fucking USDCAD, bro. This shit makes me want to off myself. I was like, what? We were talking about this a little bit last night.
Like, we got in long as an FOMC day down here. They rallied up, up in this imbalance. And then, like, this is the fattest accumulation, like USDCAD. And then we fucking just said goodbye to this down here and literally hit the target, one of the targets I had, which is this daily order block. I was just like, wow. Honestly, they might end up seeing some continuation opportunities in here.
What I'd like to do here is take the impulse move, draw a fib, maybe refine down to a different fair value gap, like this right here, because that's really where most of the displacements seem to occur. The only thing about fair value gaps is sometimes it can be hard to set alerts. I mean, you can, but you have to watch those motherfuckers after you get it.
After you like because you can sit alone at the top of it, but then it's like, you know, it could be a little bit you know, it could be a while before you Before you have a trigger. Overall, I think we want this imbalance up here
Also, sorry, and I'm just now seeing the comments. Yeah, fucking happy NFT day. Why the fair value gap and not the order block? I've just been, because if any of these imbalance moves or, sorry, impulse moves, I'm looking for the imbalances to get filled more so than order blocks if they're massive moves. Check near. Yeah, let me look in here. Hey, what's up, KS Major? Near and USD Swiss.
oh yeah i was trading the usd swixy that's a good trade i haven't looked at it very briefly the other day okay so near came up into i haven't even watched this in a while but i think we marked this zone the last time somebody else had asked me about it um came back up into a premium of your daily impulse move right here you filled in balances
Really, again, a lot of this shit just depends on Bitcoin, but this looks like a short to me if the four hour starts to break down. It's not there yet, for sure. It's going to take some time. But I would just be waiting on that to set up to unfold to see what happens. Because you have this daily candle right before this displacement. These fair value gaps have been filled. You came above all these highs right here. So if you start to see the four hour break, give you a change of character.
you know then one could possibly look for a selling opportunity this is pushing i took some off um usd swiss that was the other one so we'll try and start over yeah i mean this looks you know like it wants to push the upside these levels
Yeah, I mean, if you came up under this old low, we've seen it last time, right? Price cleared the sell side, then it went for the buy side. At this point, I mean, you have this high front running the imbalance. You know, the daily seems like it's pushing up to the upside. Check out Bitcoin. It's coming back to you. I will just give you one second. Yeah, I mean, this could be drawing to the upside. Nice long this morning for sure with NFP.
With Bitcoin, and I can tell you're eager. Don't be eager. You know what I'm saying? There's no rush. And if it doesn't, give us the setup. We don't need it. It's not something that's going to happen before you get a chance to get in. But we're coming up in this imbalance. Bitcoin seems really strong. So unless we get a break of structure, the downside with the displacement, there's no opportunity for us. But if we get that, then we know what to do.
If it breaks up above, then we have our bias moving forward. It's at a pretty decisional point. But overall, in the four-hour, Bitcoin looks good. It came down, took out the equal lows. It expanded extremely quickly. It came back down to the four-hour fair value gap here.
really the 15 minute hasn't given us any breaks of structure yet. We're still just in this imbalance. So that's why for me, it's a decisional point. If it comes up, breaks out, well then now we have a new bias and we can take longs from that imbalance or the order box that's created, whatever you want to do. But until then, I'm looking for a potential reversal, but I'm not married to either idea. We just have our biases and we can wait for our triggers. So specifically what I'm waiting on is a
low on the lower time frame to get broken with a displacement. And I should not have trimmed as much NOS as I did. And a lot of times with NFP day, whenever we have the dollar pump like that, it'll fall really hard right after, which is probably what we're seeing right now starting to distribute. So anything that was affected majorly by that, you're going to see rally.
That's why NFP days can get really crazy because everybody wants to, you know, they FOMO short the bottom. That's what happens a lot because everyone's like, what's going on? Yeah, NAS is moving. God, I should not have taken off as much as I did, but it's all right. So USD CAD's falling. And again, the same thing with DXY. I mean, it's just anything with USD. And now if USD is in the front, it's going to fall with DXY. It'll move with DXY. So I expect this to fall a good little bit more.
Bitcoin top up into this little buy to sell range. Dude, looks pretty strong here. I mean, there's obviously no short trigger as of yet. So for right now, we're just waiting. We're coming into the London close too. Usually there's a lot of volatility right around this time and a lot of reversals. Not always. Sometimes they happen earlier, like around 930, like this right here, especially on NFP day. But that's kind of what I'm waiting on.
Also that one hour supply candle. But again, whenever you have these massive drops caused by news, I kind of, yes, there's supply in these candles, but I don't look at them the same as I would a normal break of structure that wasn't induced by macroeconomics or news. Back to Aussie dollar, I kind of got sidetracked with this one.
Yeah, see, and this is a good example of, so, you know, we were talking about a little bit the last two days of like which supply zones to play, right? So let's just look at this price action and we have, you know, this move, oops, wrong. I don't know why half the time I click that brush, it never selects it. We have this move down, another little leg up, creating some liquidity among all these highs. And then we came down and broke structure, but look, we didn't close under it. So we probably are just reaching for this liquidity.
And a lot of people, they're going to want to short right here. Now, who knows? That may work. There's a good chance, right? It's a nice supply candle. Again, it's created from news or macros, which we don't really...
Personally, I don't look at those the same because a lot of that is induced, you know, that's inducing selling. So they're manipulation candles. But I look at this as like, where did the first move begin, right? Which is way up here. So that's the only area that has any interest in me. When you look at what kind of significance did it cause? Well, it caused a four hour change of character.
So that's how you can easily kind of weed out what supply zones to use. Because a lot of people just say, okay, we're making lower highs, lower lows. I'm just shorting every order block. And you may still have a profitable strategy with that. I'm not saying this won't work or that it doesn't work. But if you want to cut down on how many trades you take and also eliminate some of the confusion.
Sometimes you can, you know, wait for those higher value POIs because who knows, you might even get a reaction. It comes up here, comes down, takes a low, bounces back. And, you know, you could have capitalized off that move. But if you're trying to, you know, a lot of people ask me, like, which POI do I use? Which order block do I use? And that's the best way I can explain it is ask yourself, like, you know, how significant was it? You know, what did it cause? Because we were finding this down from a four hour supply candle and we came into a four hour zone.
Got a four-hour break of structure. It's also our daily swing zone. And coming up to the high of it. Not the high, I'm sorry, premium of it, of this move down right here.
You could see a push to the downside once we come back up in it. Now, if you don't, it's okay. Then you have directional bias to look for that imbalance. That's why it's important to not get married to an idea or a narrative. Just understand the potential of each zone and then look for your triggers inside of it as long as they align with your overall higher time frame bias. Damn. Fucking GU's monzo ho, bro.
I don't know how I used to watch so many pairs. I used to watch so much when I was first trading crypto, like insanity. USDQD, I already looked at that. Oh, this looks nice, honestly. This is going right here. I put CE for it, it's just confirmation entry. This looks nice, though. Format give us what we want. We shall see. It's to break through these lows and get a closure under them.
There we go. So now if we can get a closure right here, I'll look to take a trade. Let's just see what it'd be looking like around here. Yeah, that'd be fine for me. I want to get a closure ideally though. So if not, we could be just coming into this area. How's this? This is 232271. What is the risk reward from where we're at? No, I keep it. See, I'll take a sell off this. I'm trying to post it as quick as possible.
$115. If you like the risk to reward, you could take it here, but I want to wait until it comes in that imbalance. Oh, shit. I think we're about to get tapped in. What is the high on it? You guys' limits are different than mine. There we go. It's active. And if ends up getting stopped out on this, we push above here, then we have a new idea to move forward. What is Discord's fucking problem? It lets me tag sometimes, and it doesn't let me tag sometimes.
Do something.
Well, that'll be probably for me as far as today's trades. I closed that NOS runner. I closed too much of it early on. There's no point even leaving a runner. But yeah, if you guys have any questions, also check the 30 second. Yeah, you can use sometimes you can use these to confirm it. I still haven't really done it much as far as like actually executing off of it. But I've back tested and it seems to work sometimes pretty nicely.
This model works for me consistently enough, so I just kind of leave it how it is. But yeah, on that note, I'm going to run downstairs and grab some coffee. That'll probably be it for me as far as any trades for the rest of the day. But I'll let you know if that changes. Indices, where are they at?
It seemed like they're getting a similar setup up here. Usually I just play lick raids on indices, so I'm not really looking to take any trades here, but they seem like they're seeing some issues up in these imbalances. As long as you stay, you ideally want to stay above these highs they just made, but there is still some imbalance left to be filled.
But yeah, so on that note, I will see you guys later. Let's hope Bitcoin takes a dump. But I'll see you guys tomorrow. Tomorrow we'll have a class.
I might do it a little earlier at noon. I'll alert what time it's going to be at, and I'll post the event and everything in the Discord. And for those of you on YouTube, sorry, that will be a private class. Also, Forexmate, do I have a mentorship program? I actually just stopped doing one-on-ones. We do have the private Discord. The info is at the bottom and in the bio. But I'll let you know. DM me on Twitter so I have you. I'll let you know if anything changes. But, yeah.
As always, I appreciate you guys. Just let me know if you have any questions. Peace. Hey, plug me on the one-on-ones.
