What's good? What's good? Give everybody a second to get in here. I got clapped on some fucking shorts this morning in crypto. I should have canceled these fucking limits on ETH. Well, honestly, two things I could see happening. A, I should have canceled the limits. It was this right here. So there was this high we had formed right here. And I wanted to play kind of a turtle soup type entry as far as just playing at the liquidity.
I don't know. This is sometimes the things where I'm just frustrated with crypto, but at the same time, you can't be like that. So it's like, you know, we had this low. That was the first target. And then these equal lows.
Basically, the narrative I wanted to see for ETH was a push down to these equal lows, rebalance, and then sell side, and then start to get that long-term accumulation and manipulation phase. It's a little different than Bitcoin. That's the only problem with that is Bitcoin's already came down far below its June lows. So that was the idea for the narrative that these equal lows are the draw on liquidity.
um or at least this low right so it's funny to see um i had i think it was like we were somewhere in here when i wanted to short i wanted to see a push up and i woke up really early this morning like like abnormally early like 5 6 a.m and i almost just wanted to cancel the limit but i saw that this didn't pip the target i was like okay it's just engineering
sell stops and then it just flew up and took me out now the reason i got taken out already was because i've been i've been testing around and using a different stop strategy when i'm trading fair value gaps and on indices it's been working pretty well for me and what it is is basically just using the fair value gap candle the first candle and then i think i added five uh to it i deleted the position already and then this was the first target
And I wanted to take it down farther down to those equal lows. Now, I'm gonna be sad if I should have just kept the high resistance run as the stop.
To be honest with this move up, where we're at in crypto right now, I'm probably going to chill for a little bit just because I'm not going to burn out. We had a really good two, well, it was like 10 days or so, two weeks or so. So I was looking at the dates. I was like, damn, it's crazy how fast time goes. But had a really good little stretch in crypto. So definitely don't want to give all the gains back and get burnout in this range. Just because to be honest, like looking back on this.
it's it's honestly just some crypto price action i think that it was still gonna get we're gonna move down at least into the same balance but these equal lows are just like i'll go back to the daily so you can see them i mean it's just like really but um overall i see a lot of uh cell stops being engineered but to be honest with crypto i would not be surprised to see it just run up so i'll chill on crypto for now um
I'm going to probably go back to focusing on indices. We're in this manipulation phase where crypto is, you know, the good price action, so to speak, kind of came and gone or has came and gone for a little bit, in my opinion. I think the idea of this range, you know, like we talked about the possibility of all of this just being an accumulation and then.
maybe a little manipulation phase, maybe go down deeper into that monthly fair value gap, and then getting that expansive move we want. I'm just going to be patient with it. I'm not going to try to get into a bunch of day trades. I might end up copying some equity after we dip down and take more lows and start to show bullish structure, but I'm just going to start focusing on it for now. Indices.
Push up today on ES. Dow is super strong. As usual, Dow is the leader of the pack. Dow actually made a higher high right here when nothing else has. So, you know, we could look at that as SMT. I will say the Dow has been really fickle trying to play SMT because it's, you know, it's had bearish SMT on bearish SMT and everything still goes.
I think the Dow, we've talked about this, is going to be drawing up into this, and I would not be surprised. Now, unless we get a very immediate reaction here or we've taken out this liquidity, then at that point, if we don't start to see a shift down, and it's pretty clear that we're going to this right here. Now, on a four-hour on the Dow,
So I've started to use a four hour a little bit just more for bias because I'm starting to span out and use the daily and weekly for the levels and the major key points and then use a four hour and the one hour is kind of like mini daily charts. Usually I've been just using the one hour and I'm still focusing on that more, but the four hour I'm kind of just refining the daily. So here I see the most recent displacement.
as this right here. You can also just kind of extend that up there. And really now we can extend it up here because all this to me is the same range. Now, if you'd look though, it did come to a discount and move back up and took the high. So it's really just bullish order flow at this point.
On the Dow, I think that the August highs are likely. Now, we do have the FOMC tomorrow afternoon and flash PMI. Either one of those could be a catalyst for major price moves. So what is this? Oh, yeah, the contract expirations. So it could go either way. I'm not going to try to predict the news, but I would like those highs to get taken over here.
NQ following analysis better than ES. It's moved down. It looks like we took the low here that we had talked about. So we'll take that eye off. So we're not watching that anymore because that was what 526.50. I think it was 528. So if we look right here, we had very nice SMT with ES right there. So if we want to go ahead, I'm going to go ahead and mark this so I don't forget about it.
So very light, but still SMT right there. Then this morning I took a long. I wish I would have held a little longer, but took a long. Once we came under this low, I watched the one minute. We had that SMT. I was doing all this off mobile too. I wasn't even out of bed. I kind of slapped this morning. So I just longed as soon as we got here. Like as soon as this happened, we closed this candle. I just longed. And my stop was right under these lows.
I think it was like a 26.5 stop where I was at because I tried to do it somewhere. I was like right up in here where I longed. And then I ended up just cutting it for around 2R. It was a little less. I didn't cut it at the very top right there. It was somewhere in this candle, I remember. And I just played that just very quick in and out trade. Kind of wish I had a little longer because I had a feeling we were going to come take these highs right here.
So we took out the sell side from this little five minute range and the buy side was up above. Now, if we look at the one hour and that was mainly based on the SMT or a 15 minute is even clearer. We've now came up into this order block up here. We rated these relatively equal highs and now we've pushed up, moved up again, taking that liquidity.
Not any kind of displacement I don't want to see. I'm going to delete this. Sometimes I can't stand having the boxes on my screen anymore. I don't know why. Now, what I would like to see here is a nice displaced push under this low. Might actually, it's lunch hour, so I might paper trade it.
I see a lot of setups in lunch hour that if they happen and I don't take them, they always play out. But we'll see. Overall, I'd like to see displacement there as if we are to see lower. Now, if we don't see displacement and close under this and maintain that push down, then I would look for higher prices. ES, I think these highs are a nice draw right now.
And it goes into the bias for the week. If we're going to make a move down into this order block, we need to see that bullish move Monday and Tuesday and preferably put in the high of the week on Tuesday, which we have put in the high of this week on Tuesday. If we look on the four-hour chart, or yeah, it was a four-hour chart, there's liquidity resting up there. And we tapped into this fair value gap. But if you look, we have this fair value gap right here.
that got tapped into but not into a premium and then on top of that we have this order block right above
So whenever we're looking at trying to have a bearish power of three for the weekly candle, we would want to see push up first because we're in the premium of the range. We went over all this yesterday. On the premium of the range, we've got liquidity front running discount pricing, and we've got a price delivery rate, very clean, right? Optimal trade entry. So the daily is pretty clear to me. Even if we were to take this high, I would still look for this, but I don't think we're going to go that high.
The main point that I would want to watch is this order block right here and above this high. Now, if we go over here, it was actually a one hour. There's a breaker right there as well. We actually had talked about this breaker a little bit last week on NAS. It didn't hit NAS, it hit ES. I don't know if you guys remember that. I'll show you what I'm talking about. It was right here.
See, I wanted it to hit. I mean, it kind of dug into it there, but I wanted it to hit with this candle and recapitalize off of it, and it did not, and then it ended up giving the full fill right there before it moved out. The target met on NOS as far as our stepping stone target, that initial low from Thursday of last week. ES has not yet. Where's this line from? Oh, that's just the... I'm going to delete that. I know what I'm looking for.
What is this? Oh, yeah. By the way, guys, I'm glad Playboy just announced this. For everybody watching, there's a Black Friday sale. So there's 50% off on everything. Yearly memberships, if you use code BF50, you get 50% off. So go ahead and run that up. I'm glad he said that because I completely almost forgot. Oil. Yeah, sure. Let's take a look.
Oh, reacting nicely to our point of liquidity we talked about, we actually took this. So I would look for some upside here. I'm going to go to US. Actually, I'll just... Why isn't it showing me? I have to right click. That's right. Okay. So this is a good example for bias. When we're talking about our most recent displacement, we've got this pushed down on the daily. So let me go ahead and mark out this. I really like this volume imbalance as a draw.
The reason I'm saying that is we have this nice little volume imbalance, which is a gap between the opening candles right there.
So whenever we take out this old low, and you want to ask yourself, I actually tweeted about this. When you're talking about daily bias, you just want to ask what kind of liquidity has been taken recently? Are we in a premium or a discount? What price delivery arrays are nearby? I try to simplify the best I can. So here's our impulse swing. We took sell side. So now we're going to go back up. I mean, it's as simple as that. And the thing is, I don't want to sell an idea that, oh, it's simple as that. It's always right. Because it's not.
right? Now you could move into right here. Like here would be the stepping stone target would be bullish into this imbalance because that's the first at a premium. The reason I picked this is because it's not an optimal trade entry and you've got an order block right there. So whenever you find multiple levels, that's somewhere where I usually will watch. So also looking at the weekly chart, what did you trade into? I was looking at this last night on the US oil chart.
weekly volume imbalance. So you rated that daily liquidity into a weekly volume imbalance. So now we're going to look for a push to the upside. Now, as far as trading this, good look. I mean, it seems like it's drawing pretty rapidly. If I would have been watching, I would have been trying to trade something prior in this imbalance or maybe write it just at the equilibrium line, but I did not want to come down that low.
So, overall, if we want to play stepping stones, you're kind of getting close to the draw. Oops, not premium. So, you've got this daily imbalance right here, that 82.43. You're inching up on it right now. That would be the close stepping stone, so to speak. And if you want, you can kind of look at this like a breaker because we took this high.
And then we've got this candle down here. Now that would be a stretch. I'm not really a big fan of using the lower down breakers, but I mean, it is kind of confluence with the level. So I would be watching this imbalance right here for reversal. Now, specifically, if you were to get maybe a one hour shift within that zone, that's something that you would want to maybe look to sell short. So we come up above this high. There's also liquidity. This is your...
Buy side liquidity. They're the next thing that's drawing to on the one hour. So now if you wanted to trade this, we look.
During the kill zone. So like if you would have came in the market if I was watching oil, you'd add a bullish bias So you say okay, well, I'm looking for buys so I'm looking for buys during the kill zone New York kill zones best for oil in my opinion. So if we're looking at that, that's this blue and then we had the lending close Both of these are fine really just a New York a.m. Session. So you're gonna look oops Look during this time period for an entry
Now the framework doesn't have to happen in this time period. You can just look for the entry, oftentimes the push down. So if we look in the last session, what was set up for us during this London session? Came down, put in a low at five and rapidly moved off of it. So we know that this right here was a liquidity rate. This pushes up, gives us a shift in market structure, and then we can say, okay, well, what POIs do I have in a discount? Boom. So you could have said,
I'm going to long here. Now where your stop placement is, that's up to you. What I've been doing, I don't know how well it works for oil. I've been doing this for indices and forex a lot. If I'm very confident in a fair value gap, I would do a stop right there, just under the first candle in the fair value gap formation. Or if it's like many gaps, I would do it under the last candle that isn't a fair value gapper. It doesn't have that expansion. And you could have said, okay, well, I'm going to take it to the highs. That could have been a trade in itself, or that could have been a partial, and you might take it up to the draw.
Actually, you keep telling me to try oil. I want to start fucking trading it again. It's so clean lately. That was how the plan of attack would have been on oil, in my opinion. And you got that push down right with the New York equity open. And another thing too, if you use the 8.30 a.m. candle to determine where you're at in terms of the day, that would be your...
discount pricing is in terms of the CME open. So you're under that 830 AM open. If you're bullish on the day and you're looking for a buy, the reason a lot of people mark the 830, I don't even think most people understand why they're marking it. But it's to mark the CME open. And that's whenever we have the...
the initial volume spike in the morning. And oftentimes, again, it's just all the idea of accumulation, manipulation, distribution or power of three. It doesn't have to be used just on a weekly or daily candles. It's just the idea and the theory that we see an accumulation of orders. So you'll see this. And then, you know, if you're looking up here, well, you're going to see down first.
before you get up there. So it's accumulation, manipulation, distribution. So that's what, you know, you can look at that from, we're talking about time and price. You can look at it from, you know, 830. You can look at it from the midnight candle. You can look on the weekly candle and use Monday and Tuesday as your accumulation. It's just, it's like a lot of trading. The theory is applied the same. This is a really nice price action though. What's up Adeliki? What's up Bjorn vibing?
Sardar, what's up? What's up, zero? Can I do gold? Yeah, sure. Gold and then GU. I got you. Let me put gold on here. I thought I did. I need to add it back because I'm going to start trading it again. So gold I'm waiting on right now. It's definitely playing out like we thought it would. Talked about this in the private class on Sunday and then also a little bit yesterday. What I'm looking for...
is a push down into ideally this candle right here that order block but this imbalance will suffice i'm actually i need to sign an alarm sorry excuse me so once we come down and i'm be watching the lower time frames to try to get an entry to go long um and i also might most of all this chart makes me want to buy some physical gold but um
I really, really like this chart. So for gold, whenever it charts this clean, I'm not like an avid gold trader at the moment. So I'm not really going to try to trade down, but I think the better setups are shorts now. Like you should wait and try to sell down into these lows. I know there's this massive imbalance that's going to make it a kind of a choppy way down.
You know, that's why I just want to wait on it. But if you only trade gold, also pretty clean setups here. I mean, nice liquidity rate right at the beginning of New York kill zone for a 15 minute. You got that imbalance in the one hour. It's also here on the 15 minute. Push into that. And then we got this displacement down. It's sloppy after that though. I think that the entry was up in this area.
but using a lower timeframe chart. Once you come up into that 15 minute imbalance, structure shift. This is really nice. Boom, there you go. All my lines are blue. I don't like that. That's really what I see here with gold, but it's just clear that the order flow is bearish to me. I would look for lower pricing. Again, I mean, I'm just waiting for a push down into this imbalance to add discount pricing.
I'm just going to hide this just because I have had it on my chart. You guys have seen it. I've tweeted it. You heard it here first. Gold's going to the moon. What I want to see, though, is the lower time frame shift there, and then I will look to getting some gold swings for sure. Good questions. What indicator do I have that displays the kill zones? It's actually super useful. It is... Wait, where the fuck did it go? Oh, yeah, it's down here. ICT kill zones.
How do I actually see it? TradingView makes it really difficult. So ICT kill zones. It's like one of the first ones. But yeah, I've never used it, but I like it a lot. It's cleaner because most of the kill zone fucking indicators will be like this, like New York kills. It's like, bro, I don't want that on my screen. Yeah, so it's a good indicator for sure. I like having it down here. It's really good for backtesting. Yeah, gold overall bearish bias like we talked about yesterday into this imbalance.
Pound dollar nothing's changed. I got it's funny because I was pretty specific on my bias and people like oh you change your bias like This then I'm like no. I mean like first of all I'm wrong. I really don't mind And second I'm not gonna let like a bullish morning change my mind So here on GU
So I'm looking at a daily chart. My bias is bearish because I want to push down on this weekly order block and this imbalance. You've got a monthly order block down on here too. So when we start to create these levels within that monthly order block, we can go and try to refine them as much as we want and find levels inside there. Now we also have a four-hour order block. I mean, there's a lot of levels down here. So that being said, and we're in a weekly imbalance. We've almost filled it to a T.
So that being said, if I go down to a one hour, the last displacement that I see is right here. This is the main range we're trading within as far as displacement goes. So we traded down, traded back up, got a nice high resistance rate on liquidity, another displacement down. Now I've came back up. Looks like we've pipped all these highs right here and kind of recapitalized this order block right here. Go to a 15 minute, it might be a little clearer. There's some equal highs there.
Again, look, it's all happening during the kill zone. So liquidity raid during the kill zone right there at 8 a.m. Push down. You just mark this whole little leg right here because you never got pushed back up until then. So you could have traded off this order block. You could have traded off one of these highs. You could have traded right off equilibrium. And then just that initial daily bias is bearish. So if we're talking about targets, you can go to a 15 minute.
You can target this low right here, which would have already hit. You can target this low right here. I think more downside as well for GU. Overall, drawing liquidity on a one hour, I think is going to be this low down here. I know it's been a sloppy ride, but that's kind of what we want to see when we have a daily, or I'm sorry, a weekly bias that is bearish. So when he asked, can I look at Bitcoin one hour power of three?
Yeah, sure. Like I said at the beginning, I think it's definitely the one hour power three. I was kind of peeping the same thing. I don't know if this is what you were looking at. This right here. And then a push down into that low. And then, you know, maybe pushing up into these highs. Or, I mean, the overall target that I wanted to see was 18.7 for Bitcoin.
before and more downside. But the only problem with me with Bitcoin right now, I'm just not super, super confident in it. It doesn't agree with a lot of things I'm looking at. Ethereum is just all over the place. So whenever I see stuff like that, me personally, and this is different per person, I just kind of chill. And it could, it looks decent here. I see what you see. You've taken this low out.
So taking that, now push back up, not really coming into the range much. I mean, it is, but it's not wanting to hold there. So really what I would watch if I were wanting to see this, I would want to see very bullish price action from this fair value gap. So you'd want to see price come back down into this area and on one of your entry timeframes, give you your entry model.
The classic market structure shift. We just want to see price showing desire to move away from that very rapidly. Because if it doesn't, then that's not good for the power of three idea. Now, I mean, it looks good in the terms. We took the low and immediately came up. The only problem is one thing with when we take a low like this, if I'm looking for a general reversal. So if I look for a trade.
For instance, like if I'm just looking for a trade, I'll just look for any swing high to be taken. And then I'll look for a premium of that impulse move that took us down. But if I want to see a reversal, a nice reversal.
We took the high right here. This was the last high that we had before the liquidity rate. Because this high would be something to frame that retracement play. But if we're looking for a reversal, I want to see that high taken. And we did take it, but we're not really holding above it. You can see that we're immediately wanting to move away from it. Now, again, it's still too early to really call that. But as of right now, I don't really like that reaction. But if we just kind of mosey on into this fair value gap and then expand.
then that would be good for Bulls for sure.
So overall for Bitcoin, if you want to see that power of three narrative, is a push down here and then rock it up. Or you could just move up from here. That would be ideal as well. But I'm just kind of sitting on the sidelines with it. Like I said earlier in the stream, I don't know if you were in here, but we did really good with crypto for like two weeks leading up to the FTX scandal. And then I've got stopped out on two trades today. And I'm kind of just chilling on it right now.
Mm hmm. The SVF hearing. Yeah, I don't think there is. I mean, I don't know. I mean, I think that they might do something, but I don't think like the dude who started Tornado Cash, which is like literally just a Bitcoin Tumblr. He's in fucking prison. And then you have like.
Fucking SBF, Doquan, all these people. Because I was talking to some of this, they're like, well, yeah, but Doquan's not in the US. I'm like, I'm just going to let you know something. If they wanted him, he would be gotten. Unless he's in Russia or China, you're done. Yeah, it's possible. Fuck, I'd rather go to jail.
Well, I think the rumors were that he was still in Singapore and he was paying off all the cops. Because apparently, yeah, I don't know. Yeah, exactly. Dude's fucking up like 100 mil probably. But somebody asked, have I noticed any change in price action during November and December? I have experienced the euro dollar not being that clean for a couple of weeks now. To be honest, I think the euro dollar is cleaner recently than it has been in a long time.
oh they all are literally fucking england euro i've gotten hit up by so many fucking crypto i just got an email from like some crypto copy trading exchange like it's like bro like it's just i'm not doing that shit i'm not
It's like, yeah, let's go ahead and sign everybody up for a rug pull so I can get a fucking commission fee. I've never understood that. Like all the people that like, they just push their commission fees and shit. It's like, bro, like if you want to monetize your platform, just fucking monetize it. Don't put people in harm's way. Like if you're trying to do that because you are scared to monetize, like you're going to, Oh yeah, let's just put everybody on a fucking rug pull exchange that has no KYC. It's like, yeah, that makes sense. Gotcha.
yeah no that i overall that's what i think that this is would be nice to have this but i think that this like red is going to take a while if this is the thing like you haven't drawn but yeah i think overall bitcoin is getting that point where we want to bid it but just as far as that like day trading it right now i think that this range like yeah like i see the same thing like even on the daily if you just draw like this
and accumulation and then manipulation and then like a push back up something crazy like i would like to see that i think that's what's going to happen just because all of the everybody's so like oh dude crypto's going into 10k 9k and i think that it probably will at some point but
yeah that's that's literally why that's why i said at the beginning i was like that's why i'm like like the price action on ethereum is just so like it's whenever things get like this is whenever i'm just like okay i'm gonna sit out for a little bit because overall i want higher at some point but these will equal lows not even like the the sell side i mean that that too i want to move this change my new thing but um
Like, fuck, bro. How is that not going to get cleared? And then this doesn't even get cleared. It's just engineering so much liquidity that it's just manipulated right now. I'm going to be sad if we got stopped on those shorts just because I used the different stops. Because I used the stop of the fair value gap candle. It wouldn't have hit if I were to use my normal stop. But we'll see. That will be sad. But I don't really care too, too much.
I've been using it with Forex and indices. I just haven't used it with crypto, but I should have known like anything, anytime I try to get too precise on crypto, like on the lower timeframes, I start taking like, you know, you can still be very profitable, but you start taking those little unnecessary, like stupid losses. But I was, I used the one hour on this one, but it's still, still clapped me.
Because the way I looked at it, I was like, okay, well, if it goes up higher than that, on the one hour, I wasn't looking at a 15-minute, but I was like, it's going to go for the high. But in the 15-minute, I can kind of see, oh, there's a liquidity right there it could have taken. That was kind of my mistake on that. I have a feeling it's going to go down and take the lows, but we'll see. That would go along with the overall weekly bias I have for equities, not necessarily Ethereum specifically, but holy shit, CRV went crazy.
i didn't realize this see this looks good this looks like but but then it's like this is the thing with crypto yeah this looks good but then it's like okay then you have bitcoin then bitcoin's influence fantasies it's just like whenever crypto is like in that mode like i'm glad because i almost didn't get active last time whenever crypto is going and that's when you have to get active but then when it's like when it's not it's just such a waste of time
Yeah, I think it's good to trade when it's good to trade. But other than that, it's literally a waste of time and energy and risk. That's why I try to be good at moving in between asset classes and understanding where the best setups are.
Um, how do I use market maker models or power of three to enter trades? Same thing as everything else. Like literally, um, it's just a framework. So like you use your entry model based off of the market maker model or based off the power of three. And, um, for pure, oh, you found it. That was you asked. Okay. ICT kill zones by Enrico Amato is what it is. Riven said he's shortened at 1650 and long and 1085 NFA NFA.
I think it's going to go lower. If it does start coming down, I think it'll go to these lows at 1071. Really? What do you mean? That statement could go multiple ways. He said they're beating off the cop. He said they're beating off the cop. I was like, beating him up? I don't know. It was just fucking deep. Watch this shit. To be fair, though, those are some good cops for not killing them.
Cuz like I feel like anywhere else the cop would just fucking pull out the strap and start shooting the fuck out of them Like like if that was a person then shoot you much less a cop
That's how cops should be, though, I feel like. If you're a cop, you should try to resort to that as a last resort. But at the same time, whenever people are grown-ass people, like, hell, I know if I'm out and I have a strap on me and somebody starts trying to beat me up, I'm going to shoot them. I'm not going to sit there and fight you. Sorry. Yeah.
So it's like, you know, and everything because, you know, grown ass people, bro, like, you know, if you're out here trying to fight people and try to hurt people, like, you know, and you get shot, it's kind of like, yeah, it's on you.
There's this strategy I've been kind of messing with. I want to use it more. I want to back test it. Like it's been a while since I really back tested some shit, but and it's worked today very nicely. So it's kind of like this, like it's it's almost like an ABCD pattern, but they're not. We're talking about a little bit the other day or yesterday. They're not always like ABCDs. Like I don't think this is actually an ABCD. It doesn't actually. Yeah, it would be right there. So they're ABCDs. They're like lick raids.
in the kill zone on like on a 15 minute only so what i've noticed is like if you have this push you have a push down push up and then that second push down so you can target this and they don't always provide the best risk reward so i have to do some tweaking with it but like you know the target would be this um it's high and then if you if it goes with daily bias maybe try to target um
higher, like the beginning of the push. Or just use other targeting methods. So, for instance, after you get that initial lick rate, you go to a one minute, and you just wait for it. I mean, it's the same as anything else as far as entries go. You just wait for that shift, that push, and then boom, like right there, you're in. So it would have been like, you could even just market it right there if you wanted to, but if you want to wait for the fair value gap.
Boom right there Stopped under there and see they're usually decent are bro And it's just so say and it doesn't even matter about daily bias Like it does not I will be honest like it. It's literally just looking for that ABCD pattern and on forex not on a crypto or anything but on forex Specifically you're a dollar
Let's go back. We'll look and see if I can find another one here Yeah, here is this one and it plays in a lot of times other TV or TTA too So it's a little different like it's not always as clean, you know It's like here. He pushed up during the kill zone retrace and then came up and took that high and when we don't close over that 15-minute candle And it's kind of like that liquidity raid model same thing just to shift You could have tried it here, but the water block was very clean. So just back to us with that
So it's like, it's a pretty good model. And it's like four hour yesterday and four hour today. I mean, if you do it right and you can get that two or three times a week, you know, that could be a very good strategy. Sorry, I was typing on text. I'm going to test the strategy more. I'm going to probably try to buckle down maybe either tonight or tomorrow, or I'll probably just use my girlfriend's laptop whenever I'm on Thanksgiving break.
Um, cause her aunt and her talk for like, fuck, dude, I swear. Do you guys know anybody like family or anything? Like, like, it's like, like, it's like the motherfucking Olympics of talking or some shit. Like, I mean, maybe I'm just a dick, but like sometimes like you'll go to somewhere and it's like, they will talk for like eight hours, 10 hours. And it's not, I get it. If you haven't seen something in a long time, I get it. I'm not trying to be a dick, but like, sometimes I'm like, holy fuck. Like, I don't even know how people do that shit. I'm like amazed.
This is a, it's a clean stress. Let's just back test a little bit. There was yesterday's trade and it has to be during New York or London kill zone. Well, I guess that I'm just saying that's what I would look for. That's where I would look for anything. So let's see. Did this close above that? I'm not close, but pull above that. I don't think we got it. They got us set up here. Maybe. Yeah, I wouldn't have seen. There's not really a set up here this day. So no day, no set up last Friday.
That's what these really make backtesting nice this because it's just like it helps you not to look around at the time is Here's one. I actually know I didn't close or I mean it did close I'm trying to figure out the best way to use it to make as mechanical as possible so It closed there. It seems like it would have given an entry there even if You already play it she came under the low and you got that like there
I guess you would just, this would be one I'd probably just trade at a discount, like it's at the equilibrium, I should say. So I lost there. And then the target would be the B. So it'd be like A, B, C, D. So I swear it's a pretty solid strategy. I really, I was messing with it just like, cause I was like starting to see harmonics everywhere. And then I was like, damn.
it's super clean like like it happens a lot because i started back tests on uh i can't remember i think it was pound dollar dollar cad oh i didn't hit it let's see did it hit it i might have later in the day this would have been one of those nail biters but yeah there you go nope
So, I mean, it might have been an annoying play to be in, but, you know. And, like, the thing I like about it, because I'm really trying to get a strategy where it's mainly full TPs. Like, not partials. Just take the profit at one point. Because I know that if I can get a strategy like that, am I funded? And I would risk 1R. If I could hit 5R and just not trim, like, god damn, that'd be a fucking blessing.
So there's another trade. So it's three for three right now. Didn't give a trade one day. So here you would go to, well, this would actually, this would be, I guess this is kind of an outlier because it didn't, it did close under the candle. So, you know, this might be something added into the strategy, but I was focusing on no closes, trying to make it as mechanical as possible. So over here, this would have been another one where it closed under it.
it looks like it took it out because you had this would have been a kind of a fickle one because you don't mean down here would have been your b point but you did close under it but it did hit it so you had it pushed down so anywhere under this if you're using candle closes and kind of using a discretionary method you would have used right here an entry would have been just add a
Discount, so probably the order block, because the fair value gap's in both. Let's see what I said. This right here. If the broker widens spreads on you, you are in a world of pain, but boom, then you're high right there. 2.8 R on that one. I mean, it's a kind of discretionary thing, because you have to know what you're looking for in terms of that.
That liquidity it's really just a liquidity rate. It's like a push and then a sweep of that initial push It's kind of like trying to play the I guess the Judas swing of that That session a lot of the times Let's go back another day Again pushed up pushed up again Maybe the way to do it is to just play the raid or just look for a reversal You know here would have been your you're gonna visualize what I'm seeing
Like I said, they're not always the perfect ABCD patterns by harmonic terms, but that's what my brain sees. So I was kind of trying to explain it, so to speak. So here, structure shift. And this is being aggressive the way that I marked structure out. If that's the only real structure you had. And then you would have been able to use either this fair value gap or the order block. So you would just mark this. The order block's an optimal trade entry.
Could have done that right there. Now this one would be a little different because the risk or reward wouldn't be as good if you use the RAID high. It's like 1.7. So what I would have done is probably just use the most recent swing high. Again, it's six to one right there. So then let's go back to another session. And also I haven't gone back and added if there's news drivers in these sessions because I like to do that if I'm testing. This didn't really give anything.
I mean, you could try to say that that was an ACD, but I wouldn't look for that. So nothing on that day. So it's a dry day. Nothing on this day either during New York. I'm just looking at New York. Okay, nothing there, obviously, as far as that strategy goes. So again, you push down.
I'm not under there. He did close a candle. It seems like all of them are candle closes, so maybe that needs to be edited out. Just look for that initial push and then a rate of that low or high that was made. And notice I'm doing this no daily bias. This isn't anything to do with... It's literally... I'm trying to come up with some kind of machine learnable strategy. Push right here. First price delivery rate at a discount would really be this whole order block, which was...
This candle right here, the body of that one. So, oops, wrong tool. Let's try it right there. What was the B point again? It was right here. 5R, super clean. I mean, it's just maybe onto something. Giving out some free game live. So let's go back another session. So here. Okay, this one I can't really say I would have taken.
Actually, well, to be honest, during the London session, because you had something there, but I'm not going to worry about them trying to keep it focused. I need to push down here and I push down there. I mean, this is another one where it's kind of choppy. Find out a way to maybe make this more mechanical or more if-then. Maybe sometimes using a five-minute. You're basically just using...
A liquidity rate of the initial push down in the morning, and that gets rated. So it's really just playing the liquidity rate in the morning oftentimes. That's trying to make it into a machine-learnable way. So then the target would be this high. This one you would have got left behind on. I mean, if you use this order block, you would have got tagged in.
I'm not order block, I'm sorry, fair value gap, but it didn't come to a discount. So I would have probably got left on that one. So it'd be one that was left. If depending on how you entered it, you might've got in. If you did enter in that fair value gap, it would have been a nice 2.5 R, but definitely lower than usual for this strategy as far as terms of risk to reward. This would have probably been a loss if you use candle close, because if you look here, add that push up, down, up. So you're gonna look for a short end of this low.
and you would have got the entry model for sure right there or if you use the optical trade entry but in the order block regardless it would have been a loss if you're taking talking about taking full tps which is okay it's like the first loss this system's given it would have been a sad loss too because you would have been up like 3r i'll probably go back and document all this usually my back test they kind of just do it like this i'm back testing a strategy like this in a minute though so there's no setup here
Nothing really here either. Here you'd add a nice one. Push up, push up. See what the entry would have looked like if you even got one. Bottoms out at all. So I would have said this would be your entry. Now, let's see how it goes. You could try to use a stop loss right here or maybe at the end of all these fair value gap candles. Like right there would have been a good stop maybe.
If it even provides good enough for us to reward. And then the target would have been, did it tag you in? No, I never tagged you in. So that would have been a missed trade. I'll leave that there just for documentation later. This would have been one, but it would have taken all damn day. See that big push down, push up, push down. I wouldn't have really taken anything until this swing, this fair value gap. It'll even come back down.
Actually, you could have extended it right there. Still didn't come down though. Yeah, you already got a missed trade there too. Anyways, I'll do this another day. We've been back testing for a little bit now, but I like the idea of the strategy just because I think it's really simple.
Let me ask, when entering a trade, how do you determine using a fair value gap versus an order block? Daily bias or higher time from structure? So if you're talking about for entry, we actually just literally went over this in the private class on Sunday. The class was called what order block or fair value gap to use. Basic overview, it's going to be different for everybody depending on your trading plan. And we went over how to determine that in the class.
I'll be posting up a code later tonight where you can get, what is this? Sorry, I got another email. Where you guys can get a half off on a year of play, but if you decide to do something like that, you could use it with my code and support me. That'd be dope. That's the only code you'll ever see me use as far as affiliate stuff for trading.
i would never i just don't i don't i think it's crazy how people put use the codes to get people to get on these exchanges it's like you know ftx rug pulled and you don't think that uh oh you're a playbook member yeah yeah so you go go ahead and watch the um the class you got access to it it's in the lessons with the rest of the classes but yeah like ftx gets rug pulled and people don't think that like fucking prime xbt or bing x or something is like bro i don't know
I'm going to go ahead and hop off here. Kind of a little backtesting session. Nothing super, super exciting today. Tomorrow will be the last stream of the week because we have the holiday here in the States. Carl Goss asked for a gold update. It is earlier in the video. We went over gold pretty intensively. If you guys have any questions, you guys know how to get at me.
Yeah, and I'll post that code up later on for PlayBits Black Friday deal if you guys want to capitalize off that because it's literally the biggest deal that PlayBits ever done. So it's half off. Anyways, I will see you guys later. And if you got any questions, hit me up. Peace.
