what's up what's up i'm gonna give everybody a second to get in here we had some uh some high impact news come out uh just a second ago pmi it was actually better than expected um so let's see how uh the dollar index is reacting to that yeah i've been watching stocks more lately i don't i haven't really been paying as much attention to crypto we can take a look at bitcoin real quick um
Hmm. I mean, so far, you've been exhibiting signs of strength, but I do see this four-hour imbalance down below. Let's see how we're looking. Just as usual, just not the clearest price action.
So here it seems like, what's up Karna? Seems like we might have a liquidity rate here. We kind of took out that buy side. So really what I'd be looking for, let's see how price reacts. I don't really play this model with Bitcoin as much anymore. I used to, but you want to see how price reacts in this area right here.
Let's see if you get the downside. Then you could start a target. You know, these inefficiencies down here, lows down below. Interested to see how this plays out. I won't take anything on Bitcoin. I haven't really been trading crypto that much lately. If I do, not this model. I should say I've traded it.
I'm kind of interested to see how it plays out. It was playing out pretty nicely there for a while, but that was when crypto's market cap was just a tad higher and there was a little bit more institutional intraday movements. I think now it's mainly... ETH didn't really get a raid this morning. Now it's mainly big moves off of... What is this right here? I'm reading. Sorry, I'm reading something at the same time.
Because, I mean, if you're looking at supply and demand and market structure here, I mean, Bitcoin still looks fairly bullish at an internal level. You know, the daily bias for me, I still want us to kind of come and travel up to this area up here. Now, that's kind of where the target is. So for me, the daily bias would be a little more bullish, but a lot of that's going to depend on the dollar index and then the stock market as well.
odd that you get that set up I wouldn't take anything off of it because if anything you know we're looking at you know the introduction of new demand over and over again today another thing too I want to go over is today's FOMC day so you know I'm not really looking to grab a bunch of positions and you know get into intraday movements because we're not going to be holding those through the
What is this right here? Sorry, I'm reading some news as well. But I'm not really looking to get into a bunch of intraday positions because we have that volatility coming in. I think it's at 11, I want to say. Let me see. I don't know. I'm sorry. It's a little later. It's actually at 2 p.m. Eastern. So we got some time. Let me look at SPY or ES, I guess you'd say. Somebody said, that's Papa. Where's your Bitcoin limit at? Let me see.
um i mean personally i wouldn't set i mean it's just me i'd wait for price to get there and then react because it's like a lot's gonna change before you get all the way down there um like i like that area it's like the four hour imbalance i mean i see it for sure but just personally i would want to see bullish structure maintained because if we set limits super far away we don't know exactly how um
how it's going to react when we get there we're kind of just anticipating but if you have a lot of confidence in that level i'm thinking you're talking about something right over here what was the level 19 583 i think this is like the same as my imbalance phil yeah i mean i like the level i have it marked so i mean i'm guessing you're talking about this order block or something right there but um yeah i like it for sure i think that's a gray area we could see a bounce but if it were me i would just wait to see if we get the bounce you know what i mean
But I do like the area. Yeah, mainly on FOMC days, what I'm going to be doing is just kind of analyzing stuff, studying it. I'm not really going to force myself into any positions just because I don't think it's, you know, if you're in positions already, it's one thing. But I don't think it's a great idea to get yourself super exposed to the market on days with a lot of volatile news. That's just me personally.
30-minute word, but yeah, it's a similar thing. I like this. I mean, it's the four-hour imbalance fill. I think that would be a great area for us to travel down to sweep out this liquidity before pushing up to the daily drawn liquidity. So I like it. That's really where I'd look for a bounce as well, but I'm going to wait until I get there, then look for longs instead of taking the long as a limit. That's just different styles. I see the logic behind it.
Right now, I'm looking at Bitcoin. We reacted off this breaker block over here. 15-minute breaker block. Price came in. I took a long last night, but I got to stop to break even while I sleep. Let's just look. We got that break of structure. Price came back down into this newly introduced demand. It was respected. Another break of structure. Then we have newly introduced demand. This is a nice order block, too. And it's just the same thing over and over again.
Seeing bullish order flow coming into the market. I'm not super confident in this. I'd like this to continue up. I could see this liquidity getting purged. I think a lot of longs are building up right now in the market. Also, another thing you want to keep an eye on is your dollar index. A nice little move to the upside. It could be just a liquidity raid. But you want to see...
you know is this giving you um you know for instance like with usd cad um i was looking at this last night this is a daily you want to see divergences if you want to see big moves so like if i see a divergence between usd cad right if we're making a lower high in usd cad but a higher high in the dollar that tells me that you know um
the USDCAD might be getting accumulated because if this price is making a higher high or up here, the dollar is making a higher high, but USDCAD is not, that tells me that smart money is accumulating this. Possibly, you know, with other confirmations. So I'm going to look at this and Bitcoin. See how, oh wow, I haven't done it here in a while. Look at all that.
So one hour. And this will help you a lot on news days too. No divergence there. We're seeing a higher high put in on both. Well, a higher high on DXY and a lower high on Bitcoin if you look over here. So we have this right here. All right. So that's normal. That's what you want to see because we're looking at the dollar, which Bitcoin is denominated by. So we're going to see that.
The indices are falling pretty hard. Bitcoin may follow suit. Shit on my chart. We've got this nice low here. I think this provided some nice moves, but I'm looking at it more at this point of an area of sell-side liquidity, front-running our imbalance. We also just removed the local buy-side liquidity. Interesting. Yeah, Bitcoin may fall a little bit here.
I'm only going to watch SPX and NAS. I think your time is going to be spent much better during this time of day watching indices than it will be watching crypto. But if you're just such crypto guy, you can still get some of the similar moves. I just think you have a lot better odds and you're spending your time. Oops, wrong liquidity. You're spending your time a lot better watching stuff of a little bit higher interest. FOMC, Jim, is Jim in here? No, he's not. I'll just text him and chat.
Yeah, I'm using this more of like a case study because I was trading this model a lot on Bitcoin where we'd have this liquidity rate right around equity market open. And then once we remove the buy side liquidity from the market and we've come up and taken those buy stops, trapped longs in these positions, then you usually look for a flush to the downside to purge these sell stops and clear out all those trapped longs and free up a lot of that liquidity to where smart money can go long.
Like this POI you have, Papa, is where I really would like it to bounce. I think that's a good area. But even then, this is a reason why I would personally want to wait to set a limit, or instead of setting a limit, is I'd want to see how we react because we do have this fat liquidity pool under this low front running this imbalance. Now, I don't necessarily see a reason we have to go that low, but...
You know, I do see a possibility there.
So really all I'm looking for when I come into the market in the morning, these notch shorts that I'm in right now, all I did was I came into the market, said, okay, well, where's our obvious areas of liquidity before equity open or before any news come out? We have pretty clear, right? We've got these relatively equal lows. They're not equal, but we've got a lot of liquidity built up in these sell stops down here. And also we did it in these buy stops.
at that point i'm just going to wait and see which one gets ran first and then that gives me the framework or the idea to maybe have an opportunity once one gets ran and we see a sweep that's what these arrows mean what i do at that point is i will come into you know one minute two minute chart and i'm going to see
How does price react once we get above this level? Because, you know, you may have your level wrong or price may be following a different bias, especially if you're going against your daily bias. Like in this situation, you know, I really was looking for indices to go higher. But we do have this gap we could fill. I was looking for indices to go up in this area. So, you know, the news and everything is...
We had that PMI come out. So once that comes out, we see volatility in the market. I think we saw a push up leading up to it. And right at 10 a.m., right when it came out, we saw that drop, push up again. So it's kind of both sides in the lower timeframes are getting rated. But what I usually look for is an imbalance to get filled. I don't really wait for all of the imbalances to get filled. I can wait for...
If I'm on two-minute, say if I have this right here, like we had an imbalance right here, I just waited for that to get filled. That was enough for me. It just really depends on your risk to reward, on your style. S&P had a little bit of a higher gap to fill.
So it pushed the rest of the market up a little bit. That was a really nice entry for shorts on the S&P right there. If you would have waited for this last imbalance, I can't say I would have. If I was watching the S&P, I would have waited for this right here. But either way, very nice trade. And you see we have the Dow, the S&P, and NASDAQ all doing very similar things. And we're running up above these old highs, leading us to possibly target.
imbalances and the sell side liquidity that I'm annotating right now. So you don't need supply and demand to do this. You don't need anything except trend lines. That's it. And you just watch for one side of liquidity to be ran. And then you look for the opposing liquidity because once one side of liquidity is ran and it's been respected that you see you get that because your framework is from the highest getting ran.
And you look for displacement with a break of structure. I'm not going to play the Dow this morning, but you'd look for something like this to show that a larger force has entered the market and it's pushing price away from those stops. They're distributing the asset above those buy stops. For those of you in here, if you want to unmute and chat, it's totally fine. I'm just kind of chilling and watching indices right now.
Bitcoin gave a pretty nice entry. If I start to see this become more respected, I might start to trade that model again. It's weird that today's been a kind of a volatile day. Gave a nice entry right there. I just haven't seen great success with this model in crypto. And I'm also kind of... Indices are moving a little weird today. I mean, it's a high impact news day, but we are having...
Price is moving back up. It's pretty volatile this morning. That PMI definitely is probably the culprit of that. But still nice entries nonetheless. Let's see how dirty 30 reacts here. Oh, yeah. I wanted to look at freaking EURUSD and see if it fell for more. Yeah, it did. Sheesh. EURUSD has just been getting absolutely wrecked.
What's the next weekly area here? You can eat. Oh Yeah, that's what it's going for. I golly I did not think I was gonna do that fast So weekly imbalance way way over here. So that weekly John liquidity is getting filled here. We're coming in that weekly order block to You can also do something that I've been kind of studying a little bit lately If you take
the Most recent monthly candle you take the most recent monthly up candle and That's gonna be our bearish order block right there. So then if we look over and find the last Down candle with a high Under this candles low that's gonna be over here. So now you have a monthly institutional range to trade within Now we can come into the weekly and we can refine this even more
And you see that right here we had a weekly order block, price traded into it, pushed down to the downside. So it's being respected. We seem like we're reaching for the opposing side. Now if we come back over in this area, looking at the weekly, we also have this weekly order block. And I'm just going to use the...
last couple candles. I'm not going to, you know, we're not doing demand zones here. I'm just looking at it from order block theory perspective. But we have a weekly order block back here in 2002. Yeah, I know that's a long time ago. And yeah, I got you on CRV after this. But if we look at this weekly order block back from 2002, I'm actually going to extend this line. It's the same line we have for the weekly draw on liquidity.
I'll make this a solid line. I'm actually going to make this a different color so I know what it is. Look at a green line. So we know we have that weekly drawn liquidity is also lining up with this weekly order block. So what that does is it gives us a good idea of where we think price is going and why we think it's going there.
So now that we have something to trade off of we have an intention when we come into the market Now we can look we can refine this even more if we want to a daily chart And you know figure out our levels from there and we can refine Let's just go just see
So, look at that. And this is where learning supply and demand comes in handy whenever you're finding these levels because it gives you a little more confidence. Like, for instance, here we have this daily flip zone, which is also an order block. But price came up, traded into that supply, and pushed through it. So, you know, this 1.251, that's going to be a high area of interest if we can get down there for longs. Now, we can do the same thing over here.
and find, you know, more recent order blocks that price could trade back into. Looks like it happened really fast here. You know, we have this last order block, price traded through it. We've got to break a structure to the downside. Now, since then, it doesn't really look like price has traded back into it. But it looks like, I mean, after we broke it this low, it did trade back into it.
I think a four hour might get a better look. And that's kind of where, yeah. Also look at this level right there. But nonetheless, we're kind of free falling. So I think that it's, you know, we're probably going straight to this weekly draw on liquidity here. That's what I see going on.
At this point. So, you know, once price comes down and fills that weekly imbalance, goes back to the bottom of this monthly range. It's been a huge fucking range. And you could have been doing this. You know, the only reason that's back here is because, remember, we're finding the last down candle with a high under this most recent up candles low. And you're just finding monthly order blocks. What's up, ZP?
So once we've defined this monthly range, we're just using monthly order block theory here, that we have something to trade within. We have targets. I guess really you could go lower than the weekly draw in liquidity, but it is close to this monthly range. You don't have to go all the way to the bottom. It's not to say you have to go there.
But we are going to target this weekly draw on liquidity because we're so close to it. So here soon I think we're going to have some nice opportunities for some longs on EU. But really until then...
And I'm going to be looking more for shorts. I thought we were going to get a nice run up above. Oh, it did. It just did when I was asleep. I mean, look. So I wanted this. This is kind of what I wanted to happen. I wanted this sell side liquidity to get ran. And then I wanted this buy side right here to get ran. And it did. So if you were trading during London session, good God, you got an amazing opportunity for shorts.
Once you start to see these liquidity pools forming on both sides of the market, you have your bias of where you think price is going and why you think it's going there. You're a little more versed and confident whenever you're trading the market. Also, this 15-minute imbalance was filled. I mean, good God. That's perfect. Literally perfect in the London session. Buy side. Kind of heating up a little bit. That would have given a nice entry as well.
The value gap right there. Price came back, traded into it. After breaking down below, now you can look to target the opposing liquidity. Highs along the way. The major target would be that morning buy side liquidity. Look at GU. Looks like we're probably going for a similar move. GU's monthly chart's fucked up, man. What's up, Easy? I'll go ahead and look at CRP.
oh sorry sim you actually look not bad off the weekly chart of that balance the price is now rebalanced on um the weekly level and came into this weekly demand zone as well really the next draw on liquidity for the weekly right here weekly has been rebalanced um as of this being filled so we've got that weekly demand zone that we're in we can now look at the daily
I would probably look for a retracement soon. The weekly looks good overall, but you did just feel this daily imbalance right there. And if we look at just this recent price swing on the daily, it's not our swing range, but we can look and we see that we have some areas of liquidity that need to be rebalanced on a daily level that are going to be in discount of this impulse move on this internal leg.
So, you know, you could possibly look for a reversal. I don't really see the signs of it just yet. You know, if you want to wait for the four hour, you can see a little bit more of a push up and maybe raid this liquidity. It's not necessarily required though. You do have this four and a lot of times you're going to see these, this theory comes in hand in hand with supply and demand. You know, we've got this four hour supply zone. I could see maybe one more rush up above into this.
before moving to the downside. That's definitely a possibility. So at this point, I would be more short biased just because you've been running a lot. You've got imbalances and a discount of the current range. And I mean, I guess really this might be the swing range because this is a huge pullback. It doesn't really look like it because you broke structure there, broke structure there.
I would look, this is one of the better looking alt charts I've looked at, but it's due for a retracement. So, you know, if I'm going to go in the four hour, what I would be looking for here is to show some signs of weakness on a higher timeframe. I'd look to target, you know, you could, you could look for shorts, but I wouldn't target down here until you start to, the high timeframe starts to show weakness. You know, an aggressive trader, you know, already got into these. I don't like it because it's not all the way.
Into this zone and I would like a liquidity rate But the aggressive trader, you know could have taken a trade we broke down there You know just looked and to right around here in that 15-minute order block and you could target the opposing liquidity down here probably more so in this area
now we've came into that zone price is showing weakness in the zone because we came up you know here was a low actually failed to make a new high this one did so that's a new low you see price traded right back into that supply zone and the order block itself and now seems to be offering the opposing liquidity so i mean you could just even go down to this or this order or imbalance right here
and then bounce back up. And that's why I would wait for the four hours because I could see maybe price does this, comes up, raids, takes down there, and comes all the way back up, then gives you that move. That's a very big possibility. And it's also a possibility none of that happens at all and price just falls from here. But if I were looking to enter any extended positions where I'd be holding them, I would be looking to see
preferably this high ran. On crypto and really anything, you're going to see oftentimes price is going to come up above that recent high I made, especially if it's front running a zone like that. But here, the daily balance is all but filled right there. So you are in that reversal zone. Also, we have that daily fractal supply that we've already annotated on the four hour chart. It's right there. So you could see
price come back down into this area, but I would anticipate after that price to go back more to the upside. Does Powell speak today at all? I know it's FOMC minutes, so I'm sure that it's going to cause volatility, but I'm not sure how much J-Pow is speaking himself. I wanted indices to go higher today. I mean, I did take a sell on NAS. It's just kind of hovering around. I might just cut around break even soon if it gets too close to lunch hour, but without me seeing the move I want.
But really for, you know, I'm looking at SPY, I want SPY to come up to like 388, 389. That's really where I would be looking at the next draw on liquidity to be at for the daily chart and higher for the weekly. So, you know, if we could get a nice rate to the downside, you know, we push down under this area and saw reversal, I would be happy to take longs. I mean, I'm still currently holding my NOS shorts as of now.
Just because we rated the top end with that PMI news. And it also coincides... B&B, yeah, I got you. It also coincides with dollar index. Seeming to... It's showing intention to want to trade higher. And that's also coming out. It's weird, though, because this pump right last night, or yesterday, I would have wanted to get...
Actually, it was, I guess, last night, like, really late. I would want to get, um, a retracement, a little bit more of that. Probably down into this region right there. But it looks like we got a closure. So, I don't know. It's not, not a huge, not, not showing force. That's, that's the kind of price action you're going to see on days like this with, um, so you're going to see choppiness, uncertainty. So BNB. Weekly's looking sus, my opinion.
It typically looks bearish. And you've got this imbalance right there. Typically target, I'd still be looking quite a bit lower. All right, let's look at the daily. A lot can happen in between that move. Damn, be looking like a short soon. But ideally, I want price to come back down into this imbalance here, around $220. But after that, I would probably look to go higher. I'd still need more signs because you still might come up and take this high.
You have this high up here liquidity pool resting with that imbalance, but I think you might end up coming down here. But that after you come down here, if you could start to turn around a little bit, I would look for price to trade back up into this area. You also have this four-hour supply filled the four-hour imbalance. I think the four-hour theoretically is bullish now. No, let me see. I haven't really been looking at alts that much. Yeah. On a sell side, liquidity down there too.
Because really your four-hour range, swing range, would be this right here. And you already came down, but you came down and formed some relatively equal lows right in front of this imbalance. You know, this would be pretty counter-trend. I wouldn't take it. I wouldn't look to target all the way down here or anything. That's why I was saying this daily area right here, even this low. But I think it needs some more time to kind of assess what it's going to do. I wouldn't really rush into anything.
What I'd be looking for specifically is price to trade.
and give signs of weakness, maybe even a push higher first. We have this buy side liquidity there. That's probably going to get ran. I would look for price to go above that area. Might give us a new four hour internal high. I'd really rather price kind of consolidate for a second and then give us that four hour internal low. And that would give us more or give me more confidence personally if I were looking to become a seller, if we could.
breakdown in the four hour because it is counter trend um because really at this point we're expecting this weak high to get taken from a four hour standpoint so that would maybe lead me to look for this high yeah i mean if you can start to show signs of weakness here i'd look for shorts but i wouldn't force it i would not um you get married to that idea and it's gonna be interesting to see what fomc brings
For all markets, Forex, crypto, indices, I mean, obviously stocks and everything. But any kind of high-impact news or high-impact events that involve the U.S. dollar are always going to ripple through all markets. Oil has been insane recently. Drops that it's seen. Clean up this chart. This is kind of the range I would look oil in.
wait hold on i don't think that's what i wanted to mark oh yeah it is right now what the is this one now it was it was why is it like randomly changing my visibility okay am i great i guess it's just small that's what it was just too small let's go in straight for this right here though i don't really trade oil but i've kind of entertained the idea recently with that sell side liquidity right there and drawn liquidity yeah that's you're going straight there
It's better to mark it like this or it confuses me. So you could look for longs and oil under 92, 93. I just asked the FOMC, does it shake markets up for the better? And my answer was, well, not necessarily. Oftentimes it does, but you don't ever, ever bet on news. Like the reason we learn how to trade and learn how to...
navigate price action is so we don't have to rely on news. That's what induces retail liquidity, people that don't really understand what's going on. That's the people that get influenced by news. So don't ever let yourself trade like that. So what I would look for with oil probably, trade under this weekly drawn liquidity, back out of that order block. It's an ugly price pattern.
if nas doesn't do what i wanted to do soon i'm just gonna cut but i'm still holding these i've just been pretty um chop chop suey can't really expect much more from the market today look a good old corn what's the corn doing everything is pretty choppy i will say you have much more of a range to play with bitcoin though almost than indices
Because really with Bitcoin, a lot of stuff I wanted to go higher, but I could see a little push to the downside beforehand.
Usually, though, once we have this kind of draw on liquidity, like this is clean high, and we have a swing low right here form. The candle has a candle up to the left of it with a higher low and then two higher lows after it. Usually, you won't see much downside between you and that clear of this liquidity right there. Usually. Like, for instance, let's look over here. Okay, we've made a swing high right here. Where is your next draw on liquidity? This low, that short-term low.
Did we see a single down up candle? No. We saw up movement, right? But this is just that, you know, accumulation and manipulation of orders, right? We see price, if you got in anywhere near the open of the day, right, which is right there, you know, and you held to the day, you were good. Now, that's not what we do. We don't just, you know, YOLO in at the open of the day, but, you know, that's a lot of times.
You'll see once we have that drawn liquidity, you'll see prices gravitating towards it. And this is also, I mean, Bitcoin to me is showing more evidence of institutional sponsorship to the upside. Just because once we have these order blocks form right around or before midnight, it's just last down candles. The most recent down candle or up candle if we're moving down. And they're respected. They're bodies. You see price trade right back down into it. There's a buying opportunity there during the London session. And this is clockwork.
2 a.m. You'll see this oftentimes. Price is trading up. Also, you want to use that in complement of your daily bias, which for me is we would need to go higher. But we do have news today that can get a little choppy, and you'll see different price action than you would anticipate, depending on, I mean, I say one word, and it's game over for a lot of stuff.
Look at ETH. I haven't really been... See, ETH, though, ETH to me looks more like it's ready for a down move, which is odd whenever you have Bitcoin and Ethereum showing very different tendencies, which I would go with Bitcoin over Ethereum. But looking at Ethereum... Oh, I just now saw somebody ask for Ethereum. That's perfect timing. So he said the 30-minute. I will go down that low, but...
You never should just look at one time frame ever. You should always look and start at the higher time frames. I'm sure you probably already have. I'm not saying you haven't. I'm just saying for those watching, I don't want to just start at 30 minutes. So the daily, we filled this imbalance here. Price reacted to it pretty rough. And we started to consolidate. After this down move, we came up and filled this imbalance. We came up into that.
There's going to be some fractal supply in there. Before we didn't break any internal structure. We've got, is this equal? No, it's not. Okay. We ran up above this high. We talked to this last night on stream. I wish I would have taken these last night. It was a short opportunity there to hold into the morning. This looks more like waters are accumulating to the upside as well, but it's not very strong. You see this demand respected.
and respect because you're getting these breaks of structure right after you come back down into these demand zones comes up trades above the high that means you're seeing that newly introduced demand respected because we have here the right color forgive me but here now it seems like we're starting to see a little bit of weakness right because we have this demand zone price trades into it and it comes up and it seems like
We're failing to make a higher high right here. This is seeming to want to hold, but that can all change. What I would look for here, though, and once you have these kind of failed price swings, so price went up, and if we fail right there, which it looks like you're going to, you're going to see this weak low get taken most of the time. We haven't cemented that we're going to fail a five-minute. It really hasn't even broken down yet.
But if you go under 11.35, I would look to trade lower into this demand zone and clear out that low. That's what it looks like Price wants to do. So I'll go to the 30 minute. I know you asked for the 30 minute. I don't really use the 30 minute. I think it's not for me. It doesn't really match my style as much. I like 15. But 30 minute, I would look at it like...
You had this supply zone right here that sponsored a break of structure. Filled an imbalance, ran a short-term high on it. 50 minutes is clear. That's why I like the 50-minute better. This doesn't really look like much in the 30-minute, but we ran a short-term high. Came up into this supply zone. 30-minute hasn't really... I just don't like using this time frame personally, but I guess theoretically here you had a low that got taken, so you're showing signs of weakness in that zone.
You have a new zone of supply. Seems like it's being respected, but again, I just, I really don't advise using the 30 minute personally for my strategy. If you use for different things that work for you, I don't want to change your strategy, but I think it's kind of a little congested.
And this looks more like orders are accumulating here. I would be more focusing on ETH personally, or I mean on Bitcoin. But if ETH came back down into that zone, that was like a five minute zone down in here under this low, I would look for a possible long if the low timeframes are agreeing with you. So you don't really have any inefficiencies here, but I would be watching Bitcoin more. Overall, the daily says you're going lower though.
On that note, though, guys, I'm going to hop off here. Just stay safe out there if you're trading. I advise to just be careful and be mindful that the FOMC is occurring at 2 p.m. Eastern, and you'll most likely see volatility leading up to.
during and after i i like to let the smoke clear and then see what directional bias we have because oftentimes what you're going to see is you'll see a big move of manipulation and then you'll see a reversal a lot of times so don't get caught in that um if anything i would just study it but until tomorrow tomorrow will be an evening stream or wait is today to no today's yeah today's wednesday tomorrow will be an evening stream and um
Not sure what we're going to go over yet, but I'll make sure it's something good for you guys. Until then, I will see you later. If you have any questions, you know how to get at me. Peace out, guys.
