What's good? What's good? I'm going to give everybody a second to get in here. It's a later stream, so usually there's less people in here. Also, if you're watching this on YouTube, you might as well go ahead and fast forward a couple minutes. I'm literally just sitting down. I watched on my phone a little bit during the carnage today, but I was actually moving some furniture from storage to my house, so I didn't partake in any of this.
One thing I will say, it's a good feeling to not really care. I used to get so bent if I missed this, but now I really don't care. I mean, yeah, sure, I would have liked to be a part of it, but I'm not like the old trader me would have been like, oh my God, I can't believe you messed that up. You know what I mean? So it's good to establish that kind of mentality because the market's always going to be there.
There's some news going on right now. It's for the pound. That's nothing crazy. But yeah, so today obviously was insane. I'm sure a lot of you guys understand why. But for those who don't, just a little recap on why the CPI or the Consumer Price Index has an effect on stocks. It's really just a measure of...
price changes for a variety of goods and services that kind of are easy tools for people, you know, economists, I couldn't think of the word, to evaluate the health of, you know, overall economy for consumers, right? And just, you know, is business slowing or people spending, you know, we can go into a whole, you know, macroeconomic thing if we go, you know, down that rabbit hole. But basically, last month,
in uh in june not last month in june we had um a 9.1 percent increase year over year and that was the largest it had been in four decades so um let's go back and look in june right so that you know you see that and this is bitcoin we can go to spx or spy
And everything in June, right? That's when everything started taking. And wow, Spy took the high. That's crazy. That is crazy. I haven't even been watching this. Yeah. But...
Go ahead. I'll clean these. I'll do spy in a second. But yeah, for those of you who don't know, CPI has a really, really heavy impact on markets because it's, like I said, it's kind of a way you can gauge, you know, is business booming? Simply put. So the numbers that came out, whether, you know, a lot of people say that they're fibbed and fudged, which I'm not saying they're not, but whatever, you know, whoever, because everybody wants a recession.
Everybody wants a bear market. And there's a lot of world issues going on right now. But I will say that, of course, it's all manipulation. So, you know, all news is manipulation. But, you know, we've been beaten down for so long. That bullish pump today, to me, I mean, it doesn't necessarily tell me, oh, yeah, we're in a bull market again. That's not what that's telling me.
But I will tell you, personally, I'm not super trying to short this just yet.
And I mean, I mean, for me, it's the four hours, you know, just normal bullish structure at this point. We had come back down to that draw on liquidity and balance. We didn't fill it, but we did come down into that imbalance, swept this low and expanded pretty violent, came back down, swept this low this morning or well early this morning during London or pre-London.
i guess that's tokyo so anyways we have shown lows getting rated into imbalances right so we had this imbalance you see a low getting rated into it price expanding right same thing over here low getting rating price and what this tells you is that um there are a lot of institutional buy orders within these zones so
What I'm looking at here on Bitcoin, and again, I haven't even looked at this at all. This is the first time I've looked at it. You know, one hour to get a clear view. So this looks more like a liquidity rate right here. But this imbalance holds some interest right here. Let me see how far we went down this imbalance.
Yeah, so we went under a 50% and moved violently away from it. So that tells me that we could consider this mitigated. I mean, you could pay attention to price if it rates this low into it, but I don't necessarily think that price needs to come down into it. So what I'm seeing here is we pushed up really hard today. There was one liquidity rate right there. And this is all price is doing all the time. So you can say, here's...
you know, we've taken a high, right? We didn't close above it. It's on a one hour. So you can go straight to one minute in my opinion. And what you're looking for is that break to the downside with displacement. So it looks like we got that pretty clearly.
And then all you're really looking to trade whenever you see these moves. See, I see a lot of people, they'll look at this and they'll say, oh, we took the high, we're going for the low. And that's just, what that comes from is just not understanding how liquidity works and why price is bouncing between different, whatever you're gonna call them, points of interest, imbalances, fair value gaps, whatever you're gonna call it. But we're just looking at price, where are the orders at? So when we have this massive move up,
right? Obviously it's manipulation, but there are orders injected into the market all through here, right? All through here that aren't getting filled, right? So that's why when price comes back down into these regions, it moves violently away from it. Now, at this point, what I would look for is, since we rate a liquidity upside, and look what happens. You rate up here, going on one hour, you rate, you can confirm that at the low timeframes, and that's just by
A break of structure with displacement and you just look for a fair value gap to enter. This would have been pretty fickle. Actually, I would hit it right here. Hit it pretty quick. Right there. Now, a lot of people, like I said, they want to target the bottom. For me, what I would have targeted would have literally just been this low right here. Or maybe this demand candle. But you don't want to get all crazy with these targets. Or maybe you wanted to target into the... I don't think there was an imbalance at that point.
Actually, yeah, there was because it closed. Yeah, I would just target that low because if you look, that's right where price dips and imbalance. But on a macro perspective, price is most likely seeking these orders, right? There's going to be like a magnet. There's orders down here in price. When it's expanding, it's not even necessarily...
because of the buy orders that are put in. It's because there's an inefficiency of supply and demand. I'm sorry. Well, yes, that as well, but an inefficiency of...
of orders that haven't been filled in this fair value gap. That's why people call it inefficient price action. There's so many different names, but if that's going to be your draw on the Quilly, we go over that and we've talked about how that happens on the daily chart and price is price. Time doesn't matter. It's going to do what it needs to do in order to satisfy the books. So here, what we have in this scenario is classic manipulation. This is actually a really good, the more I'm staring at, this is a really good example.
this big down candle right here.
This is what you would call an order block. Now, notice that I look at order blocks and demand zones differently, personally. I think that demand zones oftentimes are a higher time frame view of an order block, and it's just a zone where we're anticipating that reaction. But whenever we have a big candle like this, this massive down candle, there's a lot of volume in it, and it raids liquidity.
Right. It took liquidity here, here, here. So you're sweeping out all of those buyers. Right. So if smart money wants to push price here or wherever it wants to push price, it has to create liquidity. It engineers, you know, the algorithms engineering and seeking liquidity at all times. So in order to create enough sellers. Right. What do they do? They sell themselves.
in order to push price under all of these stop losses. Then what happens? You see a rapid expansion. And this is clear proof of manipulation, right? Remember, CPI wasn't until right here, in that area.
So, obviously, market makers, whoever it is, whatever, I'm not really one to do the whole tinfoil hat thing and figure out who. I don't really care who, but I can see that market makers were anticipating this, or maybe they knew it, whatever, and they push price down in order to liquidate the early longs, and then push price up into these areas of liquidity. Now, overall...
This is interesting price action because, you know, over this way, I would say this looks kind of like redistribution. But I'm not really a huge Wyckoff guy, so I don't want to say the wrong thing. But it looks like we've moved to the upside very impulsively, and we reacted off this high right here. So that tells me that smart money sold. They started to take profits above that high. Maybe there's some form of supply candle up here on a lower time frame. Yeah, looks like there was an order block here.
I usually just do the, for an actual order block, I'm just doing the bodies. You can see that price came up, mitigated that, and then pushed away. And now all price is doing is just bouncing between liquidity. But if you notice, some of you guys may have caught this. Look at that. Equal highs.
So we got a buy side of liquidity being engineered. That tells me that at some point, smart money intends to push that price higher. So when I'm looking at this, I see price moving up. We clear liquidity. We react impulsively. Price comes into our fair value gap. You react impulsively. So it's the same thing. Watch. Shift in market structure.
Our value gap in a premium or well in this, I'm sorry, a discount in this example. I always say that you guys are used to that of the impulse move. Now, I always measured just the impulsive move. A lot of people will measure this.
But to me, that wasn't where displacement started. Displacement is where it's undeniable. It's clear. Your brain will rationalize and force this narrative if you are looking for a trade, but looking in hindsight or whenever you're not involved emotionally, it's very easy to tell when and when there's not displacement. Because somebody might have said here, and I guess they got the sniper entry, but to me, this wasn't the trigger. You have this high, it's taken. Yes, there's a fair value gap here, but to me, that wasn't the trigger.
I guess it would have gave you a better entry, whatever. But to me, that just wasn't it. So what I would look at is this, the first imbalance, and I would have just played the top of it. But you can see price came down. It came down a little deeper. It actually went all the way down into this area, which doesn't always happen. Maybe you play the final imbalance. That's your strut. You got the better entry there.
And then we see all we're doing here is we're confirming that price is reactive impulsively to the orders that we're anticipating are in this fair value gap. So once we've breached one area of liquidity, so price is going to bounce to another. Once we can confirm price directing here, where are we going? This high.
It's just the next obvious area of liquidity. And this is the same thing we talked about on the daily charts. So we can see that there's a lot of manipulation. Obviously, we knew that was going to happen with CPI. But what I would look at here, and I'm not really going to trade tonight. I don't like trading during Asia as much.
But if we have this fair value gap here, you know, the two areas of interest are pretty obvious to me. It's going to be maybe under this low and this fair value gap. But if we go to that low, I would look for this order block. But I could see price coming in here into this area right here. And if you see the low timeframes of Greek coming up and taking these highs.
At that point, you know, you're going to be above equal highs in an imbalance. And then I could see a short maybe down to this low. But you can see how we can build that narrative or build an idea of where price is going and why. And then we just use the low timeframes to execute on it. We don't use the low timeframes to build a bias. We don't use the low timeframes to tell us where price is going to go necessarily. I mean, we use it just to confirm zones, right? You could also look at all this as an order book too, really. And that's a stretch.
this whole area that might end up being one of the daily. Yeah, look at that. I can see price expanding from here. Now, overall, it looks like we just formed, what's this that we just drew? But yeah, I like those highs right here.
Overall, what I think CPI being where it's at means, I definitely could see that stocks and indices could rally. I think we've been talking about this for a while. Everybody's been so bearish and wants a bear market. Everybody was shorting right here and wants everything to sell all the way up. I even thought we could go down to these imbalances. But like we said, price was hanging out at weekly equilibrium.
So it was kind of just consolidating. And then what happened? We got that push we needed, just like we were talking about. And now we have more of a bias. Now, I will say we did just trade above this old high. So, you know, depending on how we react here.
Well, one of two things for me. We're going to be coming back down if we start to see buy side rates in the morning. For instance, if we see some very clear equal highs come up in the morning, price kind of does this all night, makes some equal highs, comes up and moves to downside, that will tell me that price needs to seek down. But I would be leaning more towards the equal highs up above here overall.
That would be the overall target. It would be all this up here. It would be 4,309. So for SPY, I'm going to go ahead and take this. We talked about 420. We've been talking about that for a while. But if we start to push the downside, we could see I would almost look even more in this imbalance. We could watch price during that candle, but these equal lows are appealing as well.
I'm going to eat some of this because it's dated. Got a lot of liquidity down below. Once you start to see these levels building up like this, there's a lot of orders that need to be satisfied. Now, let's look at NAS. NAS is going for these highs. That's what NAS wants.
This is your drawing liquidity right now. This is something we've been talking about for a while. You know, I just had the lower high picked. Now you could pick the higher one. There's an imbalance here. This would be my bias. And what this would lead me personally to do would be, I would be more so watching knots because you see how quick I just, you know, and who knows, maybe I'm wrong, right? That's totally fine. And if I'm wrong, cool, whatever. But I know that I personally look at this and I quickly,
you know can identify what i'm looking at or looking for you know spy i'm kind of still you know it's yes it's pushing up but it did just sweep a high right um yes there's equal highs but yeah there's a ton down here right i like nos because it's like yeah we swept highs forever ago and price is showing it's still drying up look we're moving away from these imbalances with force we've got equal highs right above to me that's pretty clear
It looks like 30 is lagging behind. It's been like that. We just cleared the previous month's high. Saw a little reaction off that. I know that 30 trades pretty well apparently in Asia from what I've heard. I mean, you're closing above it, so this is interesting. If you wouldn't have closed above it, I'd be a little bit more apt to sell.
I think this could just consolidate a little bit. Overall, you did react pretty harshly off of this candle right here. You didn't really break any clear lows for me. I mean, actually, I don't know. It depends how you... I mean, internal structure did get taken, but I look more for kind of like swing lows. I'm looking at this. The one minute probably gave an entry, but that target was probably already hit. Yeah, it's really not clear. Overall bias, though, for 30 would be...
Similar to Spy in the sense that, you know, it cleared this previous monthly high. What I would... Oh, shit. What I would be more looking at would be these highs up here. I think it wants that. So, I like 30 as well. Maybe we'll get a little retrace and we'll get some sell-side raids. But I like 30 to these highs. Which is 34, 472. Or, sorry, 33, 472. Everybody's, like, trying to short right now. I mean...
If you're going to short, the way that I trade is a little different. Everybody's always asking. I get a lot of DMs like, do you think he's back down to 14? I'm like, dude, I'm not trying to catch the entire move. I've learned that I can make just as much money.
hitting very small moves. So I don't really care about catching the whole wave back to 1500 or something like that. What I'm more using my daily buys for is just to influence what I'm looking for when I take those in and out trades. If I'm looking, if I think the price is going to go higher, I'm going to look for sell side rates. I'll take a buy side rate, but
I'm probably going to risk less on it, or I might be more hesitant to take it. ETH's daily chart, I mean, man, it's interesting because, yes, you're in this massive daily order block here. You kind of swept out some old highs, but when I'm looking at this right here, I don't really see a clear area. Let me look at the weekly. I mean, we are in this imbalance up here. You technically have a small bit of
This imbalance to fill. This could be something to watch out for right there. I'd pay attention to that 1922. I mean, for me, the only clear thing that it seems to be drawing to is that, you know, because we came back down. There is this imbalance right here.
And price reacted and moved violently away from it. And then I look, okay, what are we moving into? Well, yeah, the order block, sure. You know what I mean? But I'm looking at it more from like what highs are left. And theoretically, there is an imbalance here and there's a high. So I would look at this 1922 to 1990. It's like 1920. That's on Binance. Again, it's not the absolute clearest structure.
i'm gonna go ahead and delete some of this just because i don't need it anymore and you can see that and this is also another way that um for me it goes it'll kind of sway my bias and flow is really gonna explain this to you guys too like a lot of people they're like afraid to be wrong um
And that's one of the biggest problems you're going to have as a trader is being afraid of being wrong. If you are wrong, or not even wrong, for instance, if what you were looking for didn't happen, then that doesn't mean you should look at it like, fuck, I fucked up, I don't know what I'm doing, or something along those lines. It would mean more...
Okay, well, now I have a new bias, right? So, for instance, in this example, ETH broke down, got a four-hour internal break of structure. We took out that low, right? Yes, we're just going in an imbalance. Now, if you look, everybody wanted to short it here, including I was entertaining it, right? So, I'm looking at it like, okay, daily imbalance is filled. You have this institutional candle that we traded into. Nice reaction off of it, right? You know, just price straight, pinged right off of it.
and we look for price to come back down but you know if we had this break to the downside and then we you know for one there wasn't really a clean supply candle if you're especially for these wicks that's just exhausting retail traders that's all that is rick you think of wicks as retail liquidity right because what price is doing is it's just if it moves to the upside those are low time frame buy side rates
That's how you can view this. That's why we look at the daily. Whenever we start to see, we're looking for our draw, where price is moving to. Once you start to see this, these daily candles have these huge wicks. What that is, is you're just using one candle to view the raid setups that we play.
Because like, for instance, if price does this number in the mornings, right? And this is why time and prices is important. It's just consolidating. It goes up and then tanks down. Guess what that's going to look like? It's going to look like that, right? Or like that.
So that's, you know, once you see that, it's just absorbing liquidity. That's how you can, you know, train your eye to think of it like that. So if I'm in the four hour and I'm looking at this, yes, we got that break of structure, but there's, first of all, there's not a clear zone. Second of all, it obviously got violated. So, you know, a lot of people are going to look at that and be upset like, fuck, or maybe you just shorted and you took a loss, which is totally fine, right? It's fine.
You know, maybe you thought this can't, you looked at this and you refined it. And then I can see where there probably was a confirmation here and you just got taken out and you're like, oh, you know, it's fucking up your psychology, whatever. That's totally fine. What this can tell you, and if you look at it for more of an opportunity, you know, as an opportunity than, you know, being wrong. Okay, well, maybe we're just witnessing bullish order flow. And that so-called, you know, break of structure was just a liquidity rate.
If you look, okay, well, the daily imbalance is right here. We had a daily order block. Price moved violently away from it. Maybe the order flow is still bullish, but you're not going to learn that in a basic supply and demand course. There's nothing wrong with supply and demand. I use supply and demand zones of trade, but I do think that people get on a one-track mindset of four-hour order block, I short.
And if you have a strategy where that works, don't let me change it. But sometimes it's a little more complex than that.
So in this example, I use this to say, okay, well, I was going to look for shorts, but it just really wasn't there. There was a short opportunity. There were some shorts here. But off of this four-hour internal break of structure and then supply and demand, it got violated. So what that tells me is that that was just a liquidity rate and bullish order flow is still in control.
Yeah, the more I look at this, I think this is what we're drawing to is 1922. We're not that far from it. So it's probably going to move up to this high. But I could see some downwards action first. Really, I want to see how New York opens up tomorrow. I've noticed more and more. We're blessed. I'm in the New York time zone. For crypto, it's just that's the best time to trade. I used to really like London. And you can definitely get some good moves in London. But New York is where it's at. And I think New York, you can also get the clearest daily.
uh i guess the you know you can catch the bit the move of the day so to speak even if you hold it through the next sessions um a lot of times the best entries are in new york so um i want to see how what we're doing in the morning also indices play a huge role i found that um while spy is you know spy it's like the granddaddy um bitcoin moves more with nos in my opinion because it's like
um you know well nas is the tech index and i think that we can agree that bitcoin is probably you know more tech um so and that's just what i've found um but uh you know take that as you will something else i want to look at is gold oh wow it reacted nice yeah so this is something that moves i bet this moved so insane yeah that's insane for gold that's an insane move um so looking at a one hour
First of all, it just needs more time just because of this right here. That's a pretty wild range we're within. But that looks like a fat-ass liquidity rate, in my opinion. This right here, and that immediate reaction, it didn't even last until equity opened. This move literally was retraced into equity opened. Right here's a 930 candle. Then we've moved up, probably with some lower timeframe imbalances. Yep, look at that.
They got filled and we reacted impulsively away. So what that tells me is that there were big sell orders here, right? So there's a lot of money being, you know, entering the market here to push price down. So smart money is selling the pump. So smart money is selling the pump that will lead you to that's being seeked, right? So now you want to stay, you know, on the hour, we could look at these lows. Now there's kind of these equal lows forming down in here.
But, you know, from like a five minute perspective, you could have just said, okay, well, the recent lows, right? That's your most, if you're looking at just this, you know, where's the sell side liquidity? It's just the low that you just moved impulsively away from. And it's not this low and it's not, you know, people say, okay, well, these are equal lows kind of right here or, you know, whatever. It's just going to be where we moved impulsively away from. That's where the sell side liquidity is at. And you can see price was gravitating towards that, right? So then what price, you know, makes imbalances on the way.
So now we've got all these other areas where there might be institutional orders. So once you can establish that, you just look for price to bounce off of imbalances and seek lows or highs, whatever it may be. Now, also look at all this. Tons of liquidity down there.
So we talked about this a couple of days ago. We're starting to see liquidity rate after liquidity rate on the high timeframes. This is a four hour chart, right? So that holds a lot of value. Now, if we're looking at a daily on gold, these fucking notorious 1680 lows. I mean, don't ask me how this hasn't gotten cleared yet. Gold is definitely the most manipulated asset. Even JP Morgan, multiple institutions have been.
charged and fined I mean it's all slap on the wrist but there has been you know whole legal cases over the manipulation of gold so you know that's probably why this hasn't gotten cleared but what I would look at on the weekly here
Again, what we just want to overgo is for any time frame. If we start to see a reaction, we came up to fill this imbalance, right? You also want to look, which this is something I'm kind of just now plotting, and that order block right there, I wouldn't pay that too much to mind because it's not that clear. I mean, it's not the last candle, but it is a big-bodied candle. The wick on the bottom is a little too big for what I'd like for a bearish order block.
Let me see. Yeah, that would probably be what I'd be looking at. So, you know, you could say this is your supply zone. And again, a lot of the times, this is something else I want to reinforce. You know, people say like, what way of TA is better than the other, this and that. Here's the mind-blowing thing that people fail to realize. Whenever price moves really fast, guess how many different types of technical analysis probably could have caught that move. All right, so who's right and who's wrong?
Right. Nobody's right necessarily or wrong. It's just that their edge or their strategy worked in that scenario. Why did it work? Because it aligned with smart money's intentions. That simple. So whether you looked at, you know, maybe a potential reaction of the imbalance, maybe you looked at this order block, maybe you looked at this supply zone, the last up candle before breaking structure, whatever you saw a reaction of all of them. But.
Really, for a big reversal, what I personally look for is a four-hour break of internal structure with displacement. We haven't got that yet. Really, for me, it'd be here, but I'll go ahead and tell you, I would think price is going to react from this. I could be wrong, but even if it does react, it's not necessarily going to make a new high.
So, Lindy said, I just realized this is the last one. I can bring this up on screen so you guys can see it. So, NoCrypto said, I just try to think about trading, reacting in the present moment based on both recent and old past because future is just probability speculation for retail as... Okay, yeah. This guy has it 100%. Like, bro, you've got it. That's literally... You have to...
be you know it's like the book trading in the zone that's being in the zone like that you just described that so um you know uh what's up adaliki how you doing but you can't get caught up in um anything but the present and you have to see things from an objective opportunistic perspective you can't look at it like the market's scary or the market's gonna you over or
Every trader should have a fear of the market or any of that stupid shit. It's just, you know, the market's just giving you information. And how you interpret that information is going to be heavily reliant on, you know, what you look at, you know, if you look at the market as potential pain, right? But anyways, for this right here, we've got a lot of liquidity in those lows. What I'd look for in this scenario is price.
I mean, it's already reacting off this imbalance, to be quite honest. And you could look at this as a breaker block right here. It's a massive candle. But you see how price didn't go above this high, the wick high. So we're looking at breaker blocks.
Simply put, think of it like an order block before a liquidity rate. So was this a liquidity rate? It may not look like it on this time frame, but we know on the four hours it was. So that was the sponsor of a massive liquidity rate. So we can look at this as a potential area of reversal once price comes back up into this area because these orders are going to get mitigated. Now, I'm not necessarily saying that I think that's going to happen. Personally,
My strategy is, and this causes me to miss trade sometimes, I look at the impulse move, which really for me is right here. One could drag down there if you want, but to me this is the really impulsive move. I would look for price to come up to a premium.
Now, you could even see something like this, and this is where people get frustrated. For instance, let's say, like, okay, well, price reacted to the breaker. So everybody that wants to short gold, they're like, gold's going to $1,750, right? And they're going to short gold. Maybe it hits, and you make a fucking bag. But most of the time, this is what's going to happen. Price is going to react, right? It's reacting to this area of liquidity. Guess where it's going to go? Right here. Going to tag that.
it's my disc hold on is my internet fucking up because my discord fucked up shouldn't be maybe it's just discord okay it was just discord
Let me push my screen back on. He's giving the secret sauce. Cut him off. But like, you know, like in this scenario, let's say we do react to this breaker block. If I took a trade here, I would personally be all the way out right here. Because to me, that's the most, I mean, probably before that, to be honest. Because you had a very easy, very easy trade here, right?
What are we looking for? Looking for a break of any low with this wasteland. You definitely got that. And one thing I will say, I was not really messing with gold. But honestly, on the lower, like really low timeframes, I kind of like the way it's been moving recently. But you have to, here's the thing though. You gotta, absolutely have to take profits aggressively. You know, you don't try to swing this. I mean, it's, you know, it's a demon. So for instance, like this kind of scenario.
you know let's say you took a trade off of this the bottom of this imbalance you're in right here stop loss right there um you could go with like a fixed 2r and i know that 2r is low a lot of people say this actually got lucky that is not usually how that happens but um yeah it's you know i think it's probably gonna go lower here but um
Maybe you target all the way down here. If you target all the way down here, first of all, that's a super fire trade, right? You definitely should be taking profits along the way and de-risking. But let's just say price does go and comes under this low. At that point, first of all, unless it does it with displacement and leaves a fair value gap, let's just say...
Yeah, 100%. Fernando asked me if I read Trading in the Zone, and do I recommend it? I would say you are really hurting yourself by not reading it, in my opinion. It's a very short book. It's like 200 pages. I promise you it won't hurt you, and it'll probably make you a much better trader if you listen to it.
In this example, price moves up into an imbalance. It came back down into an imbalance. Now it's moved back up into an imbalance. Where's it going? Down to this low right here.
But let's just say price blasts just complete carnage down under this low, and then there's a massive fair value gap. Well, then you could look at that fair value gap because it's the most recent impulse move. It's the most recent footprint of institutional involvement on the timeframe you're looking at. So then price, let's say, okay, comes under these lows. Then you could look, okay, in this fair value gap. But let's just say price.
does this number, kind of moseys on down here, and maybe little moves, little imbalances, but no real displacement, it comes down, takes this low, and then it starts to accumulate, so there's the people who've got short right here, and they're targeting, you know, God knows where, like 17, or maybe even targeting, okay, this is the dip, I'm targeting the weekly equal lows, you know, whatever, but this is where people get angry, because a lot of times, I'm sure this speaks to at least some of you guys,
This is a problem I had a lot whenever I was learning smart money. But price comes under this first area of liquidity. Then you start to get those low timeframe breaks of structure. You're like, oh, this is just a little retracement. It's just coming back up. But guess where it's probably going? If you didn't leave an imbalance, where's the next area of liquidity? That high. But people say, oh, no, but the breaker block, it reacted off the breaker. That was the entry. It's like, yeah, that was the entry for this move.
But then we're under another liquidity pool. Let's say the algorithms start pushing price to seek the buy side because look, guess what?
Guess what it took to push all this massive dump down? Guess what Smart Money was doing up here? They were selling breakout buyers. They were selling to those buy stops. So once price comes back up into the area where there's institutional orders or comes and tags one area, maybe it leaves more equal lows. Now you've got even more liquidity down here. Price starts to move up. This guy gets stopped out. He didn't take any profits.
Then he's mad doesn't take a trade price comes into this gives an entry and then goes down That's that's the death cycle right there But what it really comes down to why is this? Holy shit. It just went like I just hit undo. I just wanted to get rid of my drawings my beautiful drawings
But I think a huge problem people have is not taking profits based off of, you know, they're going to use lower timeframe setups and lower timeframe liquidity to enter, but they're not going to use it to exit.
It's kind of random, but I thought that was a good example. And for me, that's why I wouldn't even be taken all the way down here. When I'm playing a supply and demand entry, if I get a four-hour change of character, and then an hour or a 15-minute, and then a five-minute, then a one-minute, yeah, I'm going to usually, if it's pro-trend, I'm going to hold that shit, right? It's a different kind of entry model, so I treat it differently. I play it how it works. But when I'm using these intraday liquidity pools, you can't.
Can't look at it like that. Overall for gold, I think gold looks like shit. You know, gold does its own thing. I mean, this is where me personally, I would be looking for potential sales on gold. But I'm not really going to try to swing them all the way. I don't really like swinging gold. I actually shorted gold yesterday and I left a small position up. I literally set my alarm.
earlier this morning, just like way, way before, just to close my runner. And like, obviously, thank God I did. But so for me, like the idea to like swing gold, if you hit it, you know, fuck yeah. But I know that I can make enough money intraday off of it to where it doesn't really bother me to miss the move.
But I will say, I do think a bigger move is coming. Now, if I get that supply and demand entry where we can clearly see supply stepping in and taking control of the market, that's where I look to enter swings. But for me, I haven't even seen that yet. Because you could be more aggressive. Maybe you use a 15-minute.
break of structure, which theoretically for me, uh, internal structure, I didn't got that. That would be this down here. Um, that's just the way I'd map, you know, shift and structure for me is different. It's just any low, but you know, that, you got that, I get it. But, um, I'm looking at the reason I use those, that's more for liquidity. Does that mean I'm a gold digger? Yeah. I'm digging for fucking, I'm, I'm literally, I'm going to sell. Yeah. I'm, I don't know if that would make me a gold digger or not.
I was going to try to come up with a slick answer, but that didn't work. But I would look for more of a short narrative. We've got a ton of trendline liquidity built up here.
This is where I'm expecting. Actually, now we've moved so far away. To be honest, I'm going to leave this daily imbalance here, but I wouldn't say this to draw on liquidity. This is old. What I'd be looking at is this low.
is this this is 1754 yeah yeah 100 there was a reason i kept saying 1754 or 1752 whatever i said um i almost just typed reason you guys ever do that like you like are saying something you're typing and you uh start to spell out what you're saying but um yeah so i like that level this to me is drawn liquidity
And you could frame trades around that. And I really like, you know, I like this because I can, I feel like at least, you know, no one knows for sure, but I feel like I can get a grasp on where I think price is going and why. Like if I'm looking at, holy fuck, Euro fucking flew today. That's crazy.
I was going to say, before this, it was like doing this. And I was like, you know, looking at this, this doesn't really like appeal to me too much. You know, like we talked about, you had sell side liquidity. You're just kind of consolidating. It's like, you know, but I will say, honestly, after that, I like that. Right. So that would lead me more to look for this daily imbalance right here. And it tells me that price is drawing to that. Let's see if we got a closure. That's iffy.
What I would look for in this scenario, yes, it's showing a fair value gap, the indicator, but this daily candle hasn't closed yet, so it's just the way the code's written. What I would look at, though, is this candle right here, and I would consider that, okay, have I made a template for order block? I make too many templates, and I don't know where, and I forget which one's which, but...
I would look for, I'm actually going to set an alert for this. And I would look for, you know, a one hour or 15 minute break of structure with impulsive move up in this zone, really anywhere under this level. So I'm going to set an alert for that. I do like the way that this is starting to move. I will say that. And looking at the weekly, oh, I filled that whole imbalance up. Wow.
Actually, I thought that was much higher. So weekly is rebounds. You racket pretty rough off that.
I still like the daily imbalance up here, to be honest, but that weekly could pose a problem as far as trying to get up in these regions. But I like this so far. I would wait for retracement under these levels, fill this imbalance. If we form one, maybe it does in this next daily candle and there never was an imbalance. But that's kind of what I would look for is price to trade under here and watch price in this area.
If we start to get bullish price action there, I would look for longs. But again, I'm not going to target. I know you guys get tired of me saying it, but I'm not going to target. I'm not looking for any long to take here and just riding it to fucking Valhalla. It's just building a notion that price may be wanting to move up there. So I'm assuming, okay, GU has preserved these highs. This is what we're drawing to for me. I would look for these highs at this point.
or by side yeah i'd look for the highs but i will say i could see a push down under this down in here first so what i would like to see ideally is a consolidation here form some lows maybe you know one push here and then you start to go back up i'm probably going to watch this heavily
I'll set an alert for this imbalance, but I try not to watch too many markets. Right now, my focus has been on Bitcoin and indices.
If the setup arrives, I'll take it. Aussie dollar, this is something else. They've had a lot of volatile news. Okay, it moved into the daily. We had sales on this that we canceled. Thank God. I was like, I'm not holding that through CPI. Where was the sales at? I think it was in... What's today's? Yeah, it was up in this region, I think. Right? Yeah, it was up in this region. Somewhere in here. No, it was off of this one right here.
So thank God, obviously, we canceled that. Would have gotten fucking annihilated. There's like two people who DM me. We're like, you sure? Don't change it. I was like, yeah, I promise. Don't leave that. But we came into this daily imbalance.
I could see maybe price one moving down to at least this order block down here, this imbalance. So, again, this looks like we're at an equilibrium of a weekly impulse move. We came deep into a premium, actually, it seems like. Oh, yeah, it's way more than I thought. Yeah, I would start to see potential.
selling ideas. But again, I want to see price give me break structure with Dispice from the lower time frame. So I'll chill on this till I get that. Also, you got to be careful. Let me see what DXY did today. This is going to be important. I'm assuming it fucking tanked. Yeah.
So push back down. It seems like we react to this imbalance, but price was still seeking the lows. Obviously what this is just showing us is that smart money was distributing their value from dollars or from cash into assets. And that's 100% moving along with the CPI. That's super bullish, right? When we come back now, whether or not they're just faking numbers, whatever, it doesn't matter. I mean, I guess, you know, maybe if you care, it matters, but.
it doesn't matter for markets so um overall i think we could be seeing a move back down to this 103 212 and where i got that level is just the monthly order block right here all right price comment paused last little sell off before a massive move up so monthly price delivery is still between these pink numbers so i think we could push back down into this region let's see on the weekly if we have anything down here um there's imbalance right there as well
So if we reacted here nicely and held this, I was looking for this high in this area. But as you can see, we kind of are pushing down. We didn't really close. Could be liquidity rate. I think that's too early to call. We're going all the way down here. But the fact that that news came out, the dollar is being distributed. We're looking at a lot of markets that are heavily, heavily beaten down still, even though we've been rallying. So I think we could see a little bit of a bullish scenario for a little bit.
from for all markets um as far as you know stock and crypto i bet usd jpy is fucking i haven't looked at this and this may be the time to start paying this pay attention again oh yeah also somebody asked me if the xmr short is still um good i mean i never i still haven't entered it it's in the zone i will say um
I'll entertain it with heavy displays if I'm really confident. But again, I'm not really married to the short narrative just yet. I could see a consolidation here. If I do sell, I'm not looking to take it at a super insane distance. But specifically what I'm looking for.
is a break, you know, under a internal low with displacement, right? I want to see a very clean move. I mean, you could look at this. If my bias was leaning more bearish, I would be watching that right there.
But for me, I'm not super, super confident in that. And price, yes, it did move down into it. It's still moving down. But we have this imbalance just below. Got this down here. Got a huge imbalance here to fill. So all these are going to be obstacles for you looking to short, in my opinion. Could be. I shouldn't say will be, but could be. So for me, I want to see more displacement, more of a fair value gap. And there's really nothing here.
i'm gonna chill on it for now um there's probably a nice short opportunity to have been had lower time frames here yeah super clean super clean
I'm not going to force it. So to answer the question, I mean, there really isn't any XMR shorts yet. The idea hasn't been violated, right? And until we get like a closure above this, it's not violated. So I guess I would say yes, I guess, but, but there is no short yet. Just want to be clear on that for me.
Can I check out Neo? There was another one, Sand. I'll do Neo first because I'm not sure. Sand was a long time ago, and I apologize about that. I'll still do it afterwards. Damn, it's been a minute I traded this. I remember I caught a fucking nasty-ass short on Neo one time. Where is it? Fucking nasty. I didn't hit full TP, but it was like a fucking 25-hour trade. Let me go ahead.
I'll go to daily. It's just indecisive here. You know, this is just, I mean, there's going to be a lot of liquidity above these highs right here. I like this level right here. Let me do this, and then I'll make a color different. Oh, wait, I had that already. Never mind. Yeah, I like that, though. I think that's going to be the same area. Yeah, I like this. This would be overall target. So, you know, how much kind of move is that?
I would like to see price trade into this daily order block. This actually doesn't look bad. I mean, it's indecisive, but on the weekly, it looks pretty clear to me. So I'm going to set an alert for that, actually. Good looks. Now, personally, if you're day trading this, this is not a market I'm going to participate like intraday, but I would probably look for something like this to get taken. Push back down under these lows.
consolidation here and then start to go back up that's kind of what i would be um looking at uh xmr we that is the zp i literally just went over that before so just for a time stamp it's we're at 54 minutes right now um at that it'll be like five minutes before so like look like 45 minutes in video it'll be up like literally pretty um soon after i would just do it again but i'm about to get off here and i want to get to um
ones we haven't done as me this coin that's weird rune i know you're good you're totally good bro i'll just let you know um this is interesting is there another i think there's another chart that has more data watch here this shit is fucked she looks like a rock pole if you want my opinion i mean i wouldn't
I mean, you know, I'm going to say this and then it's going to fucking fly 300%. I would personally just not even pay attention to this. That's just me. It looks like a legitimate red pool. But, you know, if you like the project, I mean, fuck. You know, stop loss is zero at this point. It's literally fucking almost worthless. But, I mean.
i guess these trend lines i would i that when i look at this like for me you know this high would possibly be of interest like above like right above this high or even above like a trend line type deal here um you got this down here but yeah no you're good you're good i mean like maybe i'm just being biased to that and that's just for my style like i know people fucking mark this coin give me one second
Sorry, guys. I was eating a carrot with some hummus. But yeah, I mean, overall, you can look at that and then this imbalance. But see, it's just like, fuck, bro. You know what I mean? I know some people that just get so fucking stuck on certain shit, which I know how that goes. If you just look at something else. I will say, ever since I started only really being...
a participant intraday in three to five markets, oh, it's like clarity. Because you get in tune with what's going on. Like, I used to trade, and those of you in Playbit now, like people can vouch for this. I used to fucking trade. Like, look at my watch list. I was a fucking demon. I was like, what is it? 103 futures watch list. I just literally would chart all this shit. But, and we did good, right?
And we obviously do better now as far as, you know, risk to reward and among other things, just precision.
Not only do I do better, but I have a deeper understanding of what I'm doing. I also spend way less time on charts. This is something we've gone over a little bit recently. Whenever you look at trading a business, which you should, you have to account for the time you spend sitting in front of your screen. If you're newer and you're just trading all the time and you're immersing yourself in it, I don't see anything wrong with that. You're learning.
It's different. But once you're, you know, professionally trading, if you spend like 16 hours on your charts a day, I mean, you better be making fucking buku money. And not just like overall, like throughout all that time. Chances are most people aren't that are doing that. And, you know, that's what watching this many coins will develop. But if you watch, like for me, I have a watch just like this size. And I have like, you know, alerts set on some daily levels for different crypto.
it's different stuff like you just got just saw with usdjpi or not usdjp i'm sorry uh what was it it was neo right i'm not gonna sit i will literally forget i said that if it doesn't get set off right not but like you know i'm not gonna be a participant in more than a couple markets like i said earlier it's mainly bitcoin and indices for me right now um yeah it was definitely um demon demon time for sure
Yeah, so I guess to close, overall, what I think CPI is going to do for markets, I think everybody can clearly see it. It's giving a little bit of a bullish narrative. We might see some retracement after a big move like that. And also another thing I do want to say, closing thoughts, a lot of people swear that August is like a no trade month and like August is the worst month for traders. I've heard that from a lot of people. If you're seeing that out there, like any tells you that, just...
just don't listen to them because guess why they're saying that because august is the worst month for well for two reasons either they're just here you know it's game of telephone they just say shit and regurgitate what they've heard on twitter or they fucking suck during august if you're doing good in august
Yeah, just trade, right? August is super bullish. Yeah, I've seen so much on Twitter that August is the most fucked up price action, all this shit. And I'm like, yeah, I've heard that people say it's bullish too. I'm just like, you know, I feel like that can fuck psychology up, bro. Like, I don't even, like, none of that shit, I don't care about it.
Any of that shit. Time is fucking irrelevant as far as, like, in that sense, in that type of thing. It means absolutely nothing. Now, definitely different shit. August, May, June, or July. Yeah, bro. But, I mean, seasonality is a real thing. I'm not saying it's not. But don't, like, let it fuck your psychology. Because I saw that, like, three or four times. Like, August is just terrible. It's a sloppy price. And I'm like, you know, to say something, like, maybe an asset is sloppy, that, you know, sure, maybe it...
doesn't work with your strategy. Like whenever I say that, like that's why I always try to reemphasize that like, you know, this doesn't work for me. You know what I mean? Like when I'm looking at Jazby chart, like for what I use to trade, that shit is like not working for me. Maybe somebody is like trading something else and they see opportunities they're making money and they can say, yo, Casper, fuck you. You know what I'm saying? Rightfully. But that's just kind of the way I look at things. Like whatever, you know, works for you, it works for you. I'm like, don't.
Don't let anybody else that's saying that there's a bearish month or this and that. And don't let me tell you if you're trading Jasmine or, and I am not trying to like single out Jasmine. Um, but, uh, you know, that's just in my opinion, that's just somebody that's just their personal experience. Right.
But yeah, on that note, also Faxby said how much for one-on-one. Oh yeah, Rune. I got you, bro. But right now I actually cut one-on-ones, but I do have some stuff in the works. There'll be more updates on that soon. Rune. Let's do that real quick.
I don't know. I'm sipping some wine. I'm holding the glass. Packing with one hand. Y'all know who the fuck we're doing one-on-ones? I mean, bro, I was running one-on-ones there for a minute, but I got to the point where, like...
Bro, I was doing so fucking many of them. It's too repetitive? That and like, well, I mean, I don't mind it. But it's more like, again, I look at it like, because I wasn't charging like an arm and a leg. To be honest, multiple people told me they were like, yeah, you're crazy. You're charging way too low, which they were right for sure. But I didn't necessarily do it. Obviously, I did it because I want to make some money too.
I didn't need to do one-on-one. I just did it because I enjoyed doing it. It started out just doing it. You were just trying to make a killing off the shit, basically. Yeah, no, I really didn't give a fuck, bro. But you need something for your time, though. That's the thing, and, like, I really started getting at it. Like, for instance, like, there's been times where I'm, like, in a one-on-one, and I'll miss a fucking trade where I would have banked on that shit. I'm like, bro, what are you doing? Like, literally, what are you doing? You know what I mean? Like, you know, but there's definitely some shit in the works, so.
Some pretty exciting stuff, but I won't get into that. Rune, this is something that I've been looking at for a while on the daily. It looks fucking super bullish in my opinion. And I also like Rune fundamentally. Like, dude, on like a weekly chart, don't even get me started on this shit. I mean, this shit looks, you know, big bullish to like fucking, you know, I'm actually glad you brought this up.
Okay, also said, good to go, man. Absolutely smashed. Thanks for sharing your wisdom and knowledge. Dude, thank you for coming through, bro. I'll be here every day, except the weekends, every weekday. And yeah, people charge an arm and a leg for some fucking bullshit, bro. That's the fucked up truth of the industry one.
if people are just solely making, like, obviously,
You know, there's there's valuable content, valuable knowledge that people pay money for. That's that's 100 percent true. But there also are a lot of jokers and a lot of scammers out there that are charging like way too much for something that's not really helping. Those people don't make money trading. Let me just break that to you. Those are the people that they don't make no money trading. You know, like that's just, you know, I saw there was this one dude. He was like.
He's, like, selling a one-on-one for, like, something fucking crazy and, like, had no results. And I'm like, bro, like, come on now.
Oh, hell yeah. Yeah, that's dope, bro. And I appreciate everything, man. So he said Tasty Cody. That's a great example. Tasty Cody was actually stealing my plays and Playboy's plays and posting them in his group. But then he got called out for scamming, and he straight up told everybody, like, bro, like, I fucking buy all the signals for all you guys, like, talking to his members. And I'm like, bro, what the fuck? Like, you're just, like, shameless. It's just shameless. He did not care.
But anyways, Rune, weekly imbalance would be overall for me. I guess this could take a while. Remember, this is a weekly chart. This is something that happened in May. But this is an overall target for me in this range. Now, I wouldn't say that whole fill is necessary. I'm actually going to mark an equilibrium and see what's sitting around there. I mean, maybe there's some four hours. I don't see anything on the daily around that zone. I do see this four-hour supply zone, though.
This whole buy to sell range now usually I refine I'm just gonna mark this whole thing and I'm not gonna trade it like spot I'm using this as an overall area, right?
I'm not even going to mark that because that would piss me off having it on my screen actually, that much of a box, but I'm going to keep that in mind. I'm just really going to keep this 4.7 because that's equilibrium of that weekly imbalance. There's also a four-hour POI, and all this is not a coincidence. It's not. When you see that, oh, there's a daily order block within the monthly or at the equilibrium of the monthly order block, and then there's a fair value gap in the four-hour. That's not a coincidence. That's algorithms. That's the footprint.
Now, looking at this, this looks like some of the fattest accumulation you're going to see. I mean, it's liquidity rates, breaks the structure over and over again. Price is moving high. It's like the stair-stepping action right now. I would say overall draw on liquidity for the daily is right here, pretty clear. I'm just going to put equal highs.
So that's where you're going in my opinion. You're going to go up here. I would see some potential reversal there to where I would look at both of these levels right here. So I'm just going to mark this as sell side liquidity. Do I have a thing? I hate the way. It's funny. Isn't it funny how we change like how we draw shit so often or how I do all the time.
I'm getting to a more stationary area. I just like it look clean. I used to want it to look all cool and same. I don't know. Really, the only thing I leave on my charts are these levels. I don't even mark a lot of other shit. I just do that for you guys. Sell side liquidity under that low right here. We move pretty impulse away. That, to me, is the beginning of an impulse swing. You also have an imbalance right here.
This is a big... What the fuck? It's like not even the... Wait, did I just... Am I crazy? These are different colors. This has to be fixed. But what the fuck? Tell me I'm not tripping. Those are different colors. So I said, what's so good about Rune? Fundamentally, I think it holds a lot of value as far as... That's really bothering me. I'm sorry. I think I need to change this. Oh, okay. That explains that.
Oh, wow. TradingView with the fucking flex. They just put in autofill. Anyway, sorry. So for decentralized leverage trading, I think Rune, ThorChain is going to be huge. And I think that that is a big need in the space and it's going to become an even bigger need. I mean, it's already a need with those who can't get Binance and I guess Ku Klux and everything is still available.
You know, there's inherent risks using those kind of platform, in my opinion. But I think I like Rune Fundamentally for that main reason. And we can see clear institutional involvement, in my opinion. So I also, that means something to me too. Like, look how we rated down under these lows and like we're accumulating here. You know, that, the smart money is slowly exhausting traders buying up all these sales tops and just really accumulating positions here.
You know, depending on, I'm actually going to add this to my watch list as well for some potential equity. I'm not going to buy it wherever I'm at. I kind of want to, but I'm going to be disciplined. Maybe I regret it. I want to see how we react above these highs. So I'm actually going to set an alert here. So I want to see how we react above these highs. And then if we can get a little bit of a retracement, I'll look for equity positions. God, it'd be beautiful if we could get in this area.
That would be fucking amazing. That's like honeypot region right there. If we get in this area and then get a, I'd look for probably with enough displacement, even like a 15 minute or one hour, but really a four hour under this area. And also you've got this complex swing structure here. So from a four hour standpoint, your swing to me would be, I don't know actually.
One could look at this like a bearish swing because you had, have I looked at QNT? You know, I actually have, and I'll show you that. That'll be the last one I go over because I have looked at it recently. I fucking like QNT too. We killed that shit on equity and play with it. So we have this high right here taken. And then this to me is enough for a four-hour pullback. So then you kind of had a break structure here, took out the low. So you could look at that four hours bearish, right?
To me, I'm not one that's as much...
You know, I guess you'd say that was the break of structure here, even right there. And then we kind of came up, had another. No, no. OK, never mind, actually. So I'm kind of not looking where we're at. So then if that was the narrative, right, four hour switch bullish there. So it came up bullish, bullish. So, yeah, you'd be looking at target highs. Sorry about that. I was kind of getting caught up in the old price action. So, yeah, even the four hour structure is actually agreeing with that narrative. Probably going up in this area.
There's a lot of liquidity built up here, here. And I could see a push back down into this area. That'd be very nice. But I'm actually just really just going to watch the price above this area. So QNT. All right, let me do USD.
that's funny it uh hasn't done what i wanted to yet but i wanted to trade back down it hit the imbalance first actually i just realized i drew this so it came up in this imbalance that was the draw for me somebody a good friend asked me about this coin actually but um draw was met so um
Oh, awesome, man. I appreciate you too. I will see you next time. We'll be on here tomorrow in the morning. So maybe a better time for you. I appreciate you, man. Sleep good. So here now that we've came up and we're consolidating here, kind of just chilling, I would look for this fair value gap down here. And this is actually a really nice setup. I'm going to set an alert for this low right here.
I'm actually not going to mark that up. I used to have so much shit on my screen. Like back when I used to trade with Omni. Holy shit, you guys know. But I can't do it anymore. I like this area. I like these lows. So once price gets under that sell side liquidity, again, it's the same thing. Price comes in here. I'm going to look for the lower time frames to get a break of structure with displacement. And after that, let's just say we...
Yeah, this would probably be the draw on liquidity would be this high. But see, we're building up a ton of liquidity up above all these highs. Now, if we're looking at the weekly draw on liquidity, look at that nice weekly imbalance there too. Yeah, I like this down in here. I can't call it an imbalance until Sunday because we haven't had this third candle closure.
But yeah, on that note, I'm going to hop off here. I really appreciate all you guys coming through. If you have any questions, Twitter DMs, Discord DMs, if you're in any of the servers I'm in, if you're in any community I'm in, whatever, just always feel free to ask me. I'll try to help out the best I can.
Yeah, comments, whatever. Just let me know and I'll get back with you. But until tomorrow, be safe out there. Don't get liquidated. I'll see you guys tomorrow.
