Fucking up the forex now. Oh, you've been trading pairs? Yeah, I've been trading the British, the what, great British crown or whatever? Yeah, GBP. Yeah, in the euro. I was thinking about trading the dollar, but then I was like, nah, I'm just going to watch. I can't tell anything because it has no volume. You can tell me the volume. I was going to say. What time do you trade it?
So, New York section was moving really nice. Like, literally, it was moving really, really nice. Do you ever stay up, like, super late? I can't, because... So, like, for the... Literally, it was moving really nice. They won't let me trade during the weekend.
So, obviously, you can't trade, yeah, during the weekend, but I wanted to trade crypto during the weekend, but no, I have not stayed up late. I'd be knocked the fuck out. Wait till, like, 2 a.m., bro, like, 1.30 a.m., bro. I'm telling you. I haven't really been trading forks for a while, but if you wait till, like, 1.30 a.m. for any fucking thing to do with the fucking pound, you will find some crypto. You'll find those setups where you just enter them, and they just, like, fucking fly.
Bro, I was training today. Bro, I'm telling you, I caught a 1-12. What's the chart at? Got a nice 1-12, 1-8, 1-6, and then 1-5, 1-5, and then one loss. Oh, yeah. And then just put in 1%. Bro, I'm trying that. It's literally science. Literally.
I was looking at a couple of different scenarios like here with, if we do, I think this could possibly happen through some of these alts, but let me go ahead and hide some of this shit. There's too much shit. I need to fucking organize my shit. Like you told me forever ago, I'll go, I just don't do it. I need to do that too with sections. Yeah, exactly.
I'm on the daily. That's why I can't see anything. Yeah, with BNB here, I mean, the daily still looks like pretty massive, nasty-ass fucking distribution, in my opinion. But we are on this demand right here, and we've made a huge inefficiency, whether it's on the one-hour, four-hour, you name it. There's a lot of liquidity trapped up here in this imbalance. That's the supply up above.
If it weren't for the current condition of Bitcoin and Ethereum, where I think that, like JL was saying, they're going to be going down way lower. If for some way we can consolidate through the weekend, maybe see somewhat of at least a...
consolidation, even if we're moving to the downside with Bitcoin Ethereum, but if it's not super violent and abrupt, I could see some setups form with Binance, Solana, and Cardano. But it's just like at this point, for me to want to even do anything like that, I'm going to need like super, super valid confirmation. Here, I'd rather these lows get swept. I think that what's going to happen, it could even happen tonight.
We want loads to get swept before it goes to the upside. Right now, it seems like this is going to be our Tokyo consolidation right here. We're going to form liquidity on either side. It is the weekend, so I don't really expect it to be too crazy. I think that if we can consolidate up here.
Price maybe come up run stops to the upside around like 2 to 5 a.m. Somewhere in that window and then push down and that would just be a liquidity grab in order to push down and sweep this and you're gonna see heavy manipulation there You could see something like this like say if this was your original trading range a little bit of Manipulation up here and then see the same thing down below. It's not as clean as I'd like it's kind of chopping right through the previous
previous swing high. But I think that we could see the same supply be entering the market right here and then come down and sweep these lows. And that would also be pushing us farther into this daily demand. Probably right around equilibrium, if I had to guess, somewhere in there. That would be where I would start to even consider.
looking for longs um until then i wouldn't even really think about it even if we sweep these lows whatever i want us to come down and still retain um somewhat of a uh consolidation for a little bit and then start to change character see higher highs but i would probably play a flip on this on the 15 minute i wouldn't even mess around with the lower time frames until i got that 15 minute bias
Similar on ADA. It's really the same on almost all majors right now, and you'll see that often whenever we have these huge moves in price. But lows have already been swept here on Cardano. I actually like this a little bit better than the other setups, which is weird because most of the time I don't really like trading Cardano because it moves like a fucking snail. But I do like this setup. We came into one hour. I marked a supply for some reason.
Oops. We came down into one hour demand and filled that range completely. All these premature longs got taken out and we're forming liquidity above. So I would like for us to come up, maybe tap off this, leave this liquidity for us.
Leave this liquidity up above for us to maybe bounce off of. Then once we come down here and change character, return to origin of this choch. Because if you look, once we make it, we'll have some liquidity we need to come back down and grab before moving to the upside. But all these setups, they'll be buys to sells. I don't see us going any higher than this. And that's even if we go that much. It's like with Ethereum, for instance.
We've swept a lot of lows. Yeah, we've grabbed a lot of liquidity, but we're so close to this daily demand that when I look at this daily, I just can't make myself even want to think about longing anything here until we come down into this. That's why I'm going to be very cautious entering longs on any coins whenever you have the majors like Bitcoin and Ethereum kind of approaching these levels. I haven't looked at Bitcoin as much, but Bitcoin, this would be the level for me. Like J.O. was saying, I want...
I think we're going to need a lot more fuel before we make any kind of moves to the upside. And I think that that's going to be found under this low. Because right now, it may look like this is all the range, really. When we look, really, this is your strong high up here and your strong low. We do have a lot of internal range liquidity. And if you notice, it got swept right here, kind of formed this reversal liquidity pool up above. I would like the same thing down here.
So, you know, maybe we have price pushed down into here and see some low time frame accumulation. I really don't want this, you know, selling climax over here to get.
violated, but at the same time, like JL was saying, we have a lot of different things that can happen. We could swoop this, come back up and grab all that liquidity at like 42K, push back down, grab all this internal liquidity. And if that was the case, and this is, I think the first scenario is more likely, but if that was the case and we came back down into this weekly demand,
I think there's monthly demand like JL was saying as well. We're in the monthly demand right now. If we came to this weekly demand swept under this low, we'd really be violating it. So I'd rather not see that. But even if we did, you could see price maybe violate it. And then at that point, we're definitely going to have a ton of liquidity to go up and target any kind of mitigation above. But looking at this chart, I mean, I guess you could say this is, but I wouldn't really.
mess around with that too much. Not many inefficiencies to fill either. The bias for longs that we want is to leave as much liquidity above as possible. So, you know, say if we have the four hour, we have all of this over here.
that inefficiency, this supply that's unmitigated, that would be really the target for any kind of, if we come down here under this low. For me, because if I'm looking at it, like if we come down and we sweep under external liquidity, because here's your low, we sweep under the low, I'm going to target internal liquidity. And depending on if we've mitigated here or here, that's going to be my targets.
You know, we got to take it one step at a time. But, you know, basically, if we can come down and clean this out one hour, maybe 15 minute accumulation confirmed with a shift of trend, you could look for longs to range highs and swing the runners all the way up to, you know, whatever unmitigated high time frame supply you have.
And we've got a ton of liquidity above. You know, if you're long buys, you want to leave this liquidity for later. So price has a reason to gravitate towards it. But if you're like me and you want to catch some blood, what I would like is to at least catch this. Like I'd like to have one last scam pump, right? And come back up, maybe see price, you know, do this, sweep under lows, start to change character.
and then come up, grab this liquidity, and then you can target the external range of this range, which would be the range lows. And that would give you more bias to go into that daily demand as well.
The more manipulation, really, the better as well. If you're trying to catch the bottom, so to speak, it's going to be at a time that's heavy, heavy in fear. And I know that it seems like it's bad right now, but I promise you it can get worse. It's, in my opinion, just now getting started. Because from what I've seen, the general public sentiment for the longest there was, you know, ETH is under 3K and you're not buying. And then, you know, give it a couple of days and another 15% down. People are talking about.
You know, bear market, everything's done, yada, yada. And it gets worse, which is good for people who know how to profit off of that herd mentality and, you know, not succumb to it. But go back to Ethereum.
I want to look. So if we look, we have this same redistribution. See, I cut this early after we took profits here or I took profits here and then cut it somewhere. I think after we broke down from these lows right here. Yeah, right here. I'd have a feeling we might still reach this full target because with this setup that I've been kind of testing, we had a...
We came under this POI, this demand. We swept lows, and you saw a five-minute change of character right here. And I'll use Wix for five minutes. I know we didn't get closures until over here, but this is the way I see it. So we have the five-minute change of character. This supply up here, whatever you want to say, this high pushed us back down into demand that sponsored the change of character. That demand pushed us to a new range high. And then when you drew this fib right here,
of this range, this price swing right here, because that's the price swing that we're looking to retrace. You have this, I think it was on a lower time frame. Yeah, this two-minute order block right here, this demand zone. Price came right into it, so the level's good. It's in optimal trade entry as well. Came up, broke structure, and once we returned back down to the origin of this move, which is going to be, all this stuff can continuously stack. The reason I played it like this is because we had a nice
one minute change of character here.
very quick. A lot of people wouldn't have caught it, but you did make a new low, right? Sorry. So you can see this candle was our low, high, new low. So we did make a change of character. And from there, I just played right off the order block. And I marketed it. I didn't even, I was literally watching as this happened. But, you know, using this trade setup, this trade model, ideally you want to see us push up and grab this liquidity.
the high. That's usually, once you have that kind of a reaction off of the return to origin of this move, and you came down on optimal trade entry, heavy in discount, price started to expand to the upside, you would look for this high. It's the same setup we had on this trade last night, and this is how it should have went. So for instance, the trade last night, we had the price targets much higher. This was the TP1 that we hit, or I think it was above TP1, or no, no.
It's above TP1, not TP2. And so I used the same model. We had the change of character, came back down. I'm going to go in the two minutes so it's a little clearer. So we came back down.
And this was a really nice one because this is a very clean order block. When you look at this, we have the closure of the candle right after close above the wick high. That's going to be your best order blocks. When price completely just pushes through, you get a nice full closure. It's not too choppy. Even this no wick would have been better, but whatever. So we came up, made this new high, take a fib, you draw the price swing right here. Let me change this to my...
Your YouTube's still on the cover page, by the way. Oh, wow. Yeah. Damn. Well, thanks for letting me know now. I figured I didn't even post because I was like most people were in here in the Discord already anyway. So good looks and let me know. I need to just keep it open. But so once we came back down into optimal trade entry, this was a super clean setup right in this.
This window between the 705 and the 79% retracement came down. I mean, the stop that I gave in Playbo was a little wider, but we could have... I posted this one in crypto chat, but this is the one I took. And this is really the better way to play these setups because, you know, what I noticed here, though, usually what you'll do is you'll target this high, like I was saying earlier, and it almost hits every single time. But here...
We didn't. Instead, we saw price get shot right down off supply. Total 180. Didn't even come back up and mitigate. I mean, it was so abrupt that it literally hit supply, broke structure to the downside, and that was a wrap. Price didn't even reach back up. It kind of almost did on this feed. It probably did on some other feeds, but it didn't really reach into supply I would have wanted.
But this setup right here, if you look, we've gone like a one minute. What is this? Speed distribution. I mean, this type of distribution. Yeah, I can see that.
Like up here with this price action we're having right here. This reminds me, this is the similar price action to this whole scam pump. I know it doesn't look exactly the same, but like this literally on every coin on a 50 minute or better, it's the same fucking thing over and over again. It's just redistribution. And the fact that we didn't even take this high would lead me to believe that supply is still heavily in control of the market. And I know we are in a lower timeframe. I get it. But if supply wasn't control of the market.
Um, you know, we had a shift in trend on the other, on the five minute, nothing major. Um, but usually you'll see price remain fractal. Once you start to shift, especially after a flush like this, you know, you can start, you know, you watching for more and more longs, watching for that 15 minute confirmation, which we never got clearly. But, um, it just tells me the supply is still heavily in control of the market. So if we look over here, it's the same setup.
It's just taking a little longer because it's the weekend, and I think it probably will play through the weekend. But I'm eyeing possible shorts here. The reason I'm not going to use the high of the – you could. There would be two entries. So you have this supply up here if that was what you wanted to use. But the reason I like this level a little bit better is we have all this liquidity, all these equal highs. So supply right above that.
You know, stops would be the same on each trade. You're talking a little bit of a, you know, a better, a higher position size, I guess, if you waited. But I could see the same schematic playing out that we had last night. It is Friday, though, so I wouldn't get excited for any kind of like crazy moves since it's the weekend. But what I would look for is price to trade up into one of these areas of internal liquidity. And if we can reject, you know, heavy trimming along the way, you know.
Your price target would really be this low. Your major swing on this timeframe, strong low, I should say, because you're using this internal liquidity to an external target. But, you know, I'd be out probably 75% and let the runners run down because this goes along with the daily bias that, you know, we've both been saying me and JL is that we're going to probably come back down a little lower first. I know this is Ethereum. It's different than what you were talking about, but I think it goes hand in hand if we come down.
where Bitcoin was expected to come, we're definitely coming down here with Ethereum. And it's just kind of like a no-brainer for me. I'm not trying to long this from swings. Yeah, we did dump. I mean, I might catch some buys or sells, but we got to remember, use our higher time frame POIs. And we're kind of in a state where there is demand, but it's kind of like early longs, like this right here.
Yeah, we have this candle up here. Yeah, I guess it's at a swing low on the lower time frames. This, to me, isn't really strong demand. This is kind of like early longs get swept, in my opinion, most of the time. The only time you see this kind of stuff is just like this right here, where it's a rally-based rally. You don't see it come back.
two months later and hold and that'd be just the bottom. We're going to come where demand was originally introduced into the market, if not lower.
That's kind of what I'm looking at. I've personally been playing around with Bitcoin and ETH. I like ETH's price action more. It's manipulated, but it's like Bitcoin, dude, especially with lower timeframes, you'll get stopped out on valid trades where it's so heavily manipulated. It's good, you know what I mean? And you can definitely catch some super good plays.
it's just like the risk to reward a lot of the time. Like if you want to use a wider grace period for your stops, especially if you're on MT4, because you already have to account for spreads. It's just like, to me, you can find much better R trades on Ethereum. But that's kind of what I'm watching for. Let me do some like intraday TA on Bitcoin. You know, when we look at this price action here,
It's just this isn't looking too great. You don't like these rounded tops. The lows are getting swept, but it's with a lackluster reaction. Usually we have a fair value gap like this large. I would like for price to come down.
early longs then they get swept price makes a new low and then that's where i'll have kind of a poi but i like to accompany that with you know higher time frame bias and also areas of liquidity and i think there's something over here but yeah like it's like eq of this this institutional candle right here or under eq and that's why i'm not really a fan of this zone so it's like i'm not gonna play this whole you know it's a huge demand zone it's like a fucking you know
five six percent zone so i'm not really too interested in that and we're this close to a zone that i am interested in i'm probably gonna you know look for us to come down to that zone 15 minute
yeah this is where i actually shorted like right here no all the way down to the five minute because uh um on the five minute basically that pattern i just posted to you is what i see right now a springboard distribution yeah this right here yeah it's basically it's just it's when like we i don't know if you know this on bitcoin it's just literally when we just straight dump like what's this like just a straight like dump candle comes out of nowhere or was it oh yeah right here this is what it was i literally got
I remember this day. This was, I think... This was a few... It was like last week. Yeah, exactly. Very similar. Very similar. It's different, but similar. And if you look over here, it's like price was starting to begin to form. And what this is, when you can picture price action that's that fucking... I mean, literally, the price action right now, it's fucked. Look how well these fractals work, bro. Watch this. Look at this right here. This is just the one hour. This is a random spot.
Just some random fucking spot. I didn't even mean to start there, but this is a good one. And this is why I don't think we're done bleeding. Just fucking re-distro on re-distro. Hold on. Probably gonna fit better over here.
you see what i mean bro it's like dude it's i mean it's obviously not i get it it's not fucking perfect but it's it's very similar just this fucking roller coaster this is the the part that really stands out to me you have this fucking roller coaster right here just this straight scam pump inducing tons of liquidity and it's just getting to the point where people are gonna just be like you know what fuck this shit i'm done and that's exactly what um that's what phase b is designed exactly exactly so that's why i definitely see
See everything you're saying. I agree with it. And here too, like originally I wanted to kind of have some, like a relief down here. Yeah, we're under these equal lows, but it's just, I think we're so close to other major zones of liquidity that I just really would like us to come back, back down here. Yeah. The one thing I will say too, about like breaking this selling climax, the only thing that would support.
Is this weekly? Like, okay, imagine this. Imagine if it broke this and we formed another low right above here. Like, we broke this low but made, like, more equal lows. Like, you just had that. Talk about the fucking shorts of your life. Like, fuck buying Bitcoin at fucking, you know, 15K. Imagine just shorting it at 7 or 65. Because, I mean, literally, if you shorted this here.
I mean, dude, like your main first target was literal. Like if we did come anywhere crazy like that, I would say probably close to like 52-ish. But if we do come down, and this, like you said, could take months, we come down under here. You know, maybe, or not under, I'm sorry, I did the wrong. Under this one right here. Come down, those triple bottoms, and everybody's like, oh, dude, this is amazing. This is the bottom. You know everybody's going to be.
um well everybody here where we're at most people are going to be scared fucking shitless but you could see that weekly distribution you were talking about play out because really the the last preliminary supply is our last point of supply is up here in my opinion right where this inefficiency is i'd probably just use that wick low and that would be always endless possibilities like i said once we hit that zone we could also reaccumulate to utad
Yeah, that would be insane. Because, dude, I wouldn't even make a new all-time high. You know everybody's going to be buying at the third all-time high. Is that what you're saying? Like another upthrust, like clear out this? Yeah, that would be nice. Because right now I have us in a schematic too, where we'll just come back up and tap supply and then go from there. But we could also, like I said, until we reach those levels, if we have signs of reaccumulation, we could possibly UTAD over previous all-time highs.
Imagine if we just did this. I'm going to plot it out. I thought I saved that earlier. Imagine if we came up. Like you're saying came up here. Or I'm sorry. We came under first. Came under these levels. Right there. Had that kind of move. And then.
That wouldn't really be how I'd want it to play out, honestly, but that'd be interesting. I mean, here's the thing. If we are in a weekly distribution, I know damn well I want all this to be equal lows because I'm going to short the fucking piss out of Bitcoin if that's the case. You know what I mean?
The biggest thing that tells me, or why I strongly believe it's distribution, is just the volume on the rallies up. Oh, yeah, this is distribution. It's just Wyckoff's effort versus result. Yeah, I agree with you. That whole rally from May to all-time highs, you can see the decreasing volume. The volume should not be decreasing as you're going up. Yeah.
Is your stream on YouTube? Yeah. Okay. Somebody messaged me saying it wasn't on. It wasn't at first. My dumbass had my fucking cover on it. Like, you know, I have a little cover. I don't know if you ever go on there, but I have, like, a thing when I start streaming. It's, like, my logo, and I forgot to take it off and just went into, like, a 15-minute fucking Bitcoin rant. Everybody on Twitter, too, is like, what the fuck, bro?
bnb weekly is interesting i've been starting to try to just trade majors um there's not as many trades but i just the more and more i uh study price action and i'm kind of like trying to dude it's just so much it's just better like you mean like yeah they might be kind of boring sometimes whatever but like
you can just get like such good opportunities whenever, because it's like, you know, I'd like to start focusing on just day trading, like just ETH or Bitcoin, because I want to switch back to MT4 at some point. I just like, I know it's weird, but I do like the format, like the platform. Makes you feel like you're trading in the 90s. There's something about it, bro.
Bro, that P&L will be making my court skip. Yeah, that's what it really is. There's only one thing that we're missing. There's only one thing we're missing if we trade in in the 90s and we got to go talk to Ric Flair, bro. Okay. Profits make us go woo! Oh, shit.
so that's the thing with like like bnb here like i mean again though here's the thing so with um this price swing so we made our new low here broke the strong high so this is really our our price swing right here um when we're when we come back above these uh
this liquidity right here you have this reversal that's an external place like for instance the high time frame is moving from external liquidity to internal liquidity but i'm sure there's more down here in one of these candles but it's already kind of been mitigated but um
For instance, I mean, even if we, and the thing is with DNB is if we were to kind of reverse here, which I just don't see us holding if crypto does what I think it's going to, the targets would be the new high for this range right here. That might push us back up to here, but that would kind of go with if Bitcoin ends up rallying, but I just don't think it's going to do it from here this day on. You know what I mean?
I don't know. We've got some lows here just under as well. I feel like this can be inducement. BNB is another one I've been watching. Dude, I'm so sick. Y'all want to see some fuck shit? Hold on. I might have deleted it. Yeah, I did. I got pissed. I didn't call it out, but I shorted BNB the night before the crash. Did y'all see the Twitter news?
They came out like we're buying or CZ or whatever, like threw in like 500 million with. Yeah. So, bro, look, this shit was so fucked up. Like I literally had like I can't remember what where it was or what. I had an entry and it like came down and I hadn't taken. I just was in my sleep. I woke up and like it was the only coin that did this. Like this was right before just the death dump.
But it was literally like I woke up like 730 in the morning. I was like, what the fuck? And then it just straight died, bro. And my target, I would have even gotten out early. I mean, that looks like we're going to come back up to it. That's what I'm saying. That's a mitigation block right there. Yeah, exactly. So that kind of goes with that bias with here. If we can come back down maybe a little deeper into this daily demand, clean these equal lows right here. I would long the fuck out of BNB. But I'm really just kind of being very, very.
very cautious until Bitcoin and Ethereum are where I want them to be. Because as I do see price action in its own way, decoupled from the majors at times, and I'll see like plays where I'm like, Hey, like, you know, I was reading something completely lost. I was getting it.
Well, to answer your question, Mikey, the no trade zone time for me, I try not to trade really between like five and six. I'll set limits in Tokyo session, but I don't really try to trade too much through it either because it's just consolidation. Price is kind of just finding equilibrium. Where the fuck was I getting at? I was telling you something with BNB.
Well, regardless, I do see us coming down here. I wait for that. Oh, I remember. I have seen coins started to become a little decoupled from Bitcoin and Ethereum in the sense that I'll look at something. I'm like, yeah, that I don't know. It's like this says the opposite of what everything else says. But I just kind of like hang out and like just wait because I'm worried that Bitcoin and Ethereum are going to tear it up and then it ends up playing out.
Also, another one. This one almost looks the best, in my opinion. I think we went over a little bit with ADA. Back to ADA, I really like this. If we can keep this liquidity engineered or maybe even one raid, come down, shake out a lot of hands. I like this setup. It's just so wicky. That's the only thing about it. Guys, give me literally two minutes. Let me go grab some water.
I'm going to mark up. Oh yeah, Solano is another one. Oh yeah, XRP. That was one I wanted to keep working on because I didn't finish it. Dude, honestly, XRP's chart looks better than most shit, in my opinion. So if we go, you're sitting on weekly demand. Is it yet? Let's see. No, it's actually not just yet. I would almost rather just come down into this. But that would also, Bitcoin pushing down would bring that to be. Clear out this major low right here.
Leave this liquidity up above. Here's that same fucking schematic I was talking about. Fucking roller coaster. Just ridiculous. It's literally the same thing over and over again. Just redistribution. Probably looks the same on the five minute right here. Yep. That's Ethereum doing actually. He might be coming closer to getting into these.
What's weird with these choach plays are these chosen flips right here is like dude They'll take a while like you know, you know fun when I played on one inch the other day And I was just like, you know, this shit is just and it was during like regular It was during regular trading hours and And if I deleted the position or not my half on there it is right there
Should have took forever, dude. I mean, it wasn't really forever, I guess, but relative to the price, the time frame I found it on, it literally came right back down to entry.
But these plays sometimes can take a while to play out, and you'll think they're not going to play. And you're like, oh, you know, we just mitigated. Oh, change of character. You know what I mean? Like, literally, that's what that looks like. You came up to this one-minute supply, came down, broke structure to the downside. And really, in reality, it was just... And you got closures, too. That's the thing. That's why I like this setup, because you see those moves play out a lot of the time. Like, here it was... That was Choach.
The propulsion block. And that's just, you know, that's kind of the same setup we have on ETH right now. That's why I want to see how we react. But with ETH, like I was saying earlier, we didn't come up and clear. We just came to supply and just dip down. So it's interesting what I get from that. It's because, you know, I know the trade was charted and everything was where, you know, where I was supposed to be. It just didn't play out. And that just tells me the supply is very heavily in control right now.
i almost can see this doing the same thing that i wanted to come back down to entry um i might even take buys to sells there if we get a change of character off this um poi right here if you guys got any coins you want me to do tm just drop them let me know
Also, as I said, did you study ICT? Yeah, I tried. To be honest, this is how it went for me. I started on that and it was just so fucking mind numbingly terribly boring that I just didn't. And then there was like other shit that I kind of it started my my interest, I should say. I definitely have went back and there's some things that like one of the better ICT methods that I've seen is playing when you see price. So it'll come up, make this.
high this little recent low he calls it a break of structure that to me that's not what that is i don't know that's just the way i see it but um literally you see this break of structure inefficiency as soon as price trades in this inefficiency you can just open it shorts about we're talking about the m whatever i can't remember what he calls it but it works i do it like you can literally back test like okay right here price
Broke this little recent low traded into the inefficiency right here. And here was the original inefficiency. Tried right into it. You could either have shorts above this candle or above the high. I would have just done. Personally, actually, I probably wouldn't have taken this just because I don't like doing bodies. I know that a lot of shit you learn SMC on. They always talk about using bodies for stops, but that's 4x. This isn't the same. But.
yeah price trades up into it you literally play down to the whole next inefficiency which um at some point was even if it's a small one i think there might have been one yeah like right here there you go literally perfect and it's weird how well that shit fucking works but it's just price delivery even as a tiny ass fair value gap right there traded right into it and if you look like you know i mean if you played the stops uh
Let's say you just got in. If you did play the stops above this candle, you had a fucking impressive play. I'm done for all of today. Maybe tomorrow. But still, you got an 8-1. These kind of trades, it's like full TP. You don't even trim along the way. Maybe right here. That's 8% of your board if you hit that right. It's very simple too. The thing about these that fuck people up is people get scared.
because like say if they entered right here they're like oh come out i'm out you know what i mean like they don't want to let it play out so there's a couple coins you guys have uh
You play the same play. It's very efficient, bro. On the two minute, one minute. You know how I've been saying I wanted to trade futures? It's because that shit works like a motherfucker on fucking NAS, bro. Are you talking about the 2022 or the 2016 series that you watched? Honestly, I think it's in both of them, isn't it?
Yeah, he teaches basically the 2022 is like everything from like the best of like his 2016. Yeah, that shit's clean. I think that...
I've watched a couple of his new ones, and I think he's became a lot better of an instructor because I think he realized people are not listening. Bro, he's so boring. Yeah. Wink. What is W-I-N? I'm still on episode three of ICT. Bro, you ought to rewatch it. You ought to listen to it slowly at half speed. You know what I had to do? I had to put the caps on YouTube.
the captions on youtube so i go like all right let me just read it at least jesus
The only thing I really took from him are, like, fibs, 70.5, and stop hunts. Yeah, a lot of the shit he goes on and on about, I feel like, is almost kind of like content, if that makes sense. Like, a lot of it, it's not really that useful, in my opinion, but I could be wrong. Every five seconds, if you don't believe me, go on the charts and look for yourself.
I was going to do Gala. I'm glad you caught that. I saw people were talking about shorting this today. I mean, is there more data than this?
Oh. Holy fuck. Yeah, I mean, me personally, when I see shit like this, I don't even touch it. This reminds me of Alice when it came out. Right. But, I mean, I guess if you wanted to look at, I mean, first of all, the way I'm looking at it, I'm like, yeah, you've got an inefficiency to zero. But, obviously, I'm not going to really worry about that. But, literally, game down. I mean, if you're looking at, like, maybe a recent trade.
or a trade relative to the recent price action. You did sweep under these lows, left some inefficiencies above. Also supply right here. It looks like you're going for it though. There's not much of a trade to be had left. It's the same redistribution right here. I look where you already got rated. Nevermind. But yeah, you're probably coming either. I would say right up to the supply zone. If anything, you'd look for shorts there. But like I said, I wouldn't really.
I wouldn't even play it because, okay, look, so if you're using this time frame, so if you're going to use external, I mean, you'd literally just be targeting like this institutional candle or the 50% of it. And it's like, I mean, there's, there's better trades on that than on fucking Bitcoin or anything else. You know what I mean? Like it's terrible. It's not terrible. Two six is not terrible, I guess, but I wouldn't even worry about it.
Really, I don't like anything. It's not five to one, but I guess it's pushing it a little bit. You can lose a couple of them. You only got to take one, and then you're straight. For instance, today I took that one ETH trade, and I was like, bam, there's my goal. I don't even have to worry about anything else. Now I have a little room to trade too. You know what I mean? I've also been testing out just risking 0.75%. For instance, whenever I start the day,
I'll risk one to 2%. And then once I'm like at my goal, then I'll start to, if I want to trade still, if we're still in the peak hours and I see setups, I'll just kind of mitigate my risk a little bit. And that way I don't give back money. Or if I do, I don't give back as much.
But yeah, for Gal, you coming up here to this supply, maybe even higher, maybe even fill this whole five minute inefficiency. That's probably what I would look for right there. So like 13.75, be looking for shorts. I almost want to degenit this shit, but I don't like trading these fucking straight shit coins. But XMR, there's a lot of fundamental shit going on with XMR right now.
There was something like, I can't remember. I don't know if it's an upgrade to their protocol or what, but there's something. So weekly, this has been just big bull. You came up, broke your strong high on the weekly. I would look for a retracement though. So you came back down to this right here. You've got this order block down here.
also beneath inefficiency if we look on the daily so came down this would actually be a flip playing the daily i'm pretty sure no it wouldn't so your high would be up here and i've never played this kind of stuff on like a daily i think it's better for a lot of time from here your daily change of character on weekly demand
And now you left the small inefficiency with this order block right here. I probably wouldn't be really messing with XMR longs until down in this area, like $160. Also, if you draw...
I mean, that's definitely far in OT. I don't have to draw a fib. It's like fucking 886 almost or more. So I would, that would be a good, a really good entry for longs or not even an entry, but an area, a POI for, to look for longs. And I will set alerts for that. Select. Why is it? Oh, already was selected. So yeah, I mean, if you can come down and.
Tapping this liquidity you could be looking super bullish. I mean it's one of the better-looking charts in my opinion
Weekly looks more bullish than most, in my opinion. You're not super, super extended. You've got unmitigated massive amounts of supply up here. Super big. And then also, if you notice too, with this reversal, we had volume was kind of waning right into this downtrend and then a huge spike and increased volumes. This is what you want to see. For volume confluence, you want to see volume picking up.
If you're, you know, to continue in that direction. Yeah, I think you could catch some really good opportunities down here. And I also think that the global, you know, unrest would lead to some whales probably looking to accumulate some privacy coins, especially in countries with sanctions. I could be wrong, but I mean, Monero would be the vehicle they would use if they're extremely educated on crypto, at least. And I best bet they are.
I wanted to short the fuck. There's actually a really good short. It's like, where is it? I always get annoyed with all the fucking drawings on my chart and just like do away with everything. Oh, I think it's just this up here. I have another alert set as well. That's supply up there. Inefficiency. Same thing as everything else, really. Literally, same setup. You didn't really tap into this demand either.
I see with everything, like I was saying, I'm coming into London Open on Monday. I would look for a stop hunt, maybe push down into these demand zones, maybe even push lower. You could even see if this really wouldn't even be a great zone. I wouldn't long from here, but I could see a relief bounce. Really, your demand is down here at like $11. That's where if you were looking to long eight, this would be your better, higher probability area. You're also sitting...
just under a breaker so that might push you down a little farther but if when price comes back up to this level i'm going to short it literally to like eight dollars we go to a different chart that's why hold on no it wasn't anyway it was this this right here is what i would look for look at all these equal lows right here all that is going to get cleared
I mean, APE's APE token, so I get it. It does APE shit, whatever. It's not the same, but price action's price action. So, I mean, I would look for a return up to this supply if we get that lucky. And then you could short the absolute shit out of this. Once you come under those equal lows, I'd probably be looking to get the fuck out of any kind of shorts, though. The next one's ANK. ANKR. Actually looks fairly okay.
I'm actually going to probably look into getting into more exposure to Luna DeFi. And this actually looks pretty good. Not going to lie. Ideally, I would have wanted to tap into that. And the weekly, it's probably... No. It's odd. I really wish I would have tapped into that. You're leaving a lot of imbalances in the way. But god damn, I'm not even watching this. This has just been flying through all this mayhem.
I mean, I wouldn't be chasing this, but this looks pretty good in my opinion. Just all this price action spring right down on demand. But really you need like a closure above this level. If you want to have a big bull bias on Anchor, you need a closure above, a four-hour closure above $2.37. At that point, I'd be probably, you'd probably be looking at closer up here to this $2.75 region.
I wonder if anything happened fundamentally with Anchor Protocol. If we come up here and make some equal highs, that would be even more ideal. Come back down, give us some opportunities to get in longs. This chart doesn't look bad, though. Waves. Fucking waves, man. If you look at the daily on waves, it looks super bullish, but you've got to take into account the reason this shit. Wait, what the fuck? Wrong tool.
The reason this shit pumped like this was just all bullshit. And the reason it crashed was because basically their Ponzi failed. Looking at this, first of all, this is just ridiculous. But you came down to this demand right here. You really already hit your target, though. So you come into demand. That's external to the range you were in. What are you going to target? Internal range liquidity? What happened? Came right into it. Failed to break highs.
That's why I wanted to short that that day, but I think whenever the DXY pumped it, it fucked us over on that one. Same thing as every other coin, this huge inefficiency on the 4-hour and 1-hour charts. I get some relief, but I wouldn't really fuck with Waves too much. It's just going to... I don't know. It's one of those where it's just so volatile. It's like...
I mean, you can definitely catch trades on it. Don't get me wrong. But going back to what I was saying earlier, I'm starting to pay attention more and more to the higher market cap pairs because there are more whales present there. And you're going to be able to see a lot of these concepts play out much better. But looking at this chart, you do have equal lows above. If you can see...
Price hold. It's still going to tap into this. Maybe it's because it's futures, but I would like price to come farther into this, really into this candle. Ideally, you'd fill these inefficiencies. And if you can see maybe a 15-minute, one-hour change of character on this zone right here, I would look for longs. You could, but just got to revisit it whenever price reaches that area. TRX. This one is actually, I think Flo was bringing this up for shorts before.
Nah, that's reaching. I mean, shut up. I almost would look for some... I'm not saying I'd look for this. Put that up there.
See, this is one of those situations where I see it. Like, I can see that we are reacting pretty heavily to this area. I don't really like this area. I mean, I guess it's not bad. Technically, it is kind of at the top of a swing. You know, swing low, swing high is just here. You could just draw the whole supply zone there. We are shelving right off of it. So you could, you know, maybe look for shorts here. Watch for lower time frame distribution. I'd probably look for a sweep. I wouldn't really probably want to touch it.
Let's see. I don't know, though. Actually, this could be pretty nice. It could be happening, like, right now. Oh, actually, fuck, it's already playing out. So you got your change of character there. Turn up here. There's an order block probably in the two minute. Yep, there you go. I'm actually going to delete these larger ones. I'm actually going to keep this on watch. So here, what I'd watch for.
You may not get it as for this to be broken and then play Most likely this candle right here Yes, it's already mitigated I get it but or you could watch I got the one minute because there's an inefficiency here You can watch EQ of this candle as well That might be the better entry at that point. Oh, never mind. There actually is a candle
it's right at that inefficiency you could actually probably watch both of those just depends how far this price swing goes because we want to have a uh a propulsion block and optimal trade entry so you know we'd want it idealistically this this would be where you'd want to go unless price pushed down farther you want to get this really uh at least past the 705. so i'll keep an eye on this this could actually be a really good trade
What's Luna doing? I saw it. Oh, shit. Damn. Clear the recent low. Come on, just form one more equal low. You can do it, Luna. Fuck, man. It's not even giving entries either. Like, really? This is the entry or here? I wouldn't even play any of this shit. I think you'll probably see a reversal. Unless the rest of crypto just dies.
You don't want to break this, so then you really would be kind of clearing out some of these targets. That would suck. I'd still short it even past that, though, even if we came back up here. Because really, that would be just like, for instance, if you were to play, if you were using these equal lows as your bias to enter, then you would target the internal liquidity above. So like, say, if you came on here and you're on a one hour, you'd be targeting this and this and this. Probably the higher one.
Actually, grab here. Harry Potter, Obama, Sonic 10, Enu. That's a new one. What the fuck?
Yeah, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I'm about to go meet my girl for some drinks. She just got off work. So I appreciate you guys tuning in as always. Probably be hanging out. I'll watch TRX and ETH for shorts. I'll try to at least on mobile. And I'll let you guys know if I get in anything. But until Monday, be safe. Markets are fucked up. So don't get liquidated out there. I'll see you guys later.
