What's up guys so in today's video we're gonna go over our weekly bias like we always do But we're also going to take a little bit more of a directed route and go over something that a lot of traders fail to understand and that is how to use low timeframe entries so a lot of SMC traders especially will put all these entries where they have you know 50 our 100 our and this and that but they're not really Showing you how you have to layer
your analysis to get those kind of entries and half the time they're not even getting them either. But the the topic we're going to go over today is how to properly frame lower timeframe entries using the higher timeframes. So let's get into it. So one thing that I want to stress first is that whenever we're going over lower timeframe entries.
They got to have they got to come from higher time frame bias. So what exactly does that mean? You know, we're looking at price action. Let's just say we're just talking about structure
the most famous notorious entry pattern, people call it choach, market structure shift, whatever you're gonna call it. Maybe you use a fair value gap after this market structure shift. Maybe you use an order block, maybe you use a breaker block. There's no right or wrong way to do that. That comes from backtesting and learning what works best on the pair that you're trading. And it's gonna always be different, and that's why backtesting is really important.
the more important part is why are you entering you know the market if you're on a one minute and you go back and back test and you look at every single change of character or market structure shift or whatever you call this lower time frame entry model then you're probably going to notice that it does work sometimes but oftentimes it doesn't work so there are a couple factors that i think can help a ton of traders
limiting how many lower time and time frame entries that they take and you know what their criteria is and you need to develop a mechanical requirement of what it takes for you to get into a trade you know and it should not just be this now while this is required it's not going to be the only thing that you want to do you need to focus on much more than just this simple pattern because it was that easy everybody would be funded everybody would be millionaires
You know, you guys probably won't be watching my video. You'd be on a vacation with your trading money. And, you know, maybe you are on vacation watching this video. I don't mean it like that, but we're always learning. But my point is, if it were that easy, you know, there would be no challenge. And I mean, obviously, it's just not that way. So whenever we are looking at lower time frame entries, like I said, they come from higher time frame bias. So whenever we're talking about what we're going to be looking at in the higher time frames,
we're going to be looking at structure liquidity
And points of interest. So points of interest is a term that's thrown around a lot. A lot of supply and demand traders use it. ICT traders refer to it as price delivery arrays. Some people just use order blocks. Some just use fair value gaps, breaker blocks, whatever. But points of interest to me is really anywhere that we're looking to trade from. It can be an order block. It can be a liquidity pool. It could be a fair value gap. It could be a breaker block. It could be a mitigation block. Whatever you use.
to frame your trade, that is your point of interest. That's where your trade gets to, and you start to look at, okay, maybe I'm gonna start framing a trade here. So on the higher timeframe first, you're gonna wanna look at your structure, your liquidity, and your points of interest. So what I like to do is let's just say we're in a bullish structure overall. Our external structure is bullish on the higher timeframe.
All right, so here's our swing. The first thing you want to do, I mean, this falls into structure is draw your fibs. Now, there's two ways of doing this. You can either use premium and discount, or you could use a optimal trade entry to frame what kind of areas you're looking for. So that, again, a lot of you, I'm going to give you different options to use, and there's no one right way or one be all end all strategy for every single pair.
Some strategies might work on all pairs, but one strategy is going to work better on one pair than it will another. For instance, I noticed that a lot of strategies that work with crypto don't necessarily work with trading indices as much, and vice versa. What we want to do is identify our structure, and we're looking at a bullish narrative in this situation. I'll just draw this a little bit clearer.
So, you know, the market's been going up making higher highs on a higher time frame. So first of all, what is a higher time frame? You know, the way that I like to explain higher time frames is it's higher than the time frame that you're trading on. So, you know, a higher time frame to a day trader could be a one hour. A higher time frame to a swing trader might be a four hour or a daily. And it really comes back to what kind of trader you are.
But the formula that we're gonna go over is applicable to any trading style. It's just a higher timeframe is higher than the one that you're looking to enter on or that you are doing most of your analysis on. So for me, when I'm trading crypto or Forex, I'm using the four hour as my higher timeframe a lot and then 15 minute as my...
kind of medium timeframe, sometimes my entry timeframe as well. And then if I'm day trading, I like to use the one hour as my higher timeframe and then the five minute and the one minute for entries. So we'll just say we're on our higher timeframe here. And let's say price begins to start to pull back a little bit from this. Now in this area,
Right, it's usually gonna see a straight drop like that. We're gonna see consolidation manipulation and just overall kind of crooked price action. So right here at this point and this point and this point Guess what probably had to happen in order for these pullbacks to continue. So for instance, you know We're talking about our more internal structure. We have a low a high a low high
a low another high so each time we form a low we pull up or pull back up to you know whatever we're hitting here fair value gap or maybe an order block here whatever it is that you're reacting off of on the lower time frames the external structure is changing to get up there so for instance if you know let's take a closer view at this imagine we're looking at our lower time frame and
Price whenever we're seeing this pivot right here We're oftentimes seeing that same entry model that we see whenever we want to get active in the market, right? so you might say okay, well, here's my order block and I'm gonna take a long here
and target the next high up here, whatever you're targeting. And most of the time, if you're in a premium like this and you're really not framing your trade around anything except the lower timeframes, it could work, but most of the time you're gonna get something like this. And you may have watched a couple videos on how to use lower timeframe entries and then wonder, is this just bullshit? Does this not work? Why am I just continuously failing? And a lot of it comes from
false expectations from trading being really easy. You know, a lot of people, when they learn smart money, they look at it like the DaVinci code and that they've just found this, you know, easy pass to success. And it's just not, that's just not the case. And a lot of YouTubers or, you know, course gurus, whatever, they'll sell that because it's easy to teach that. And it, you know, gets people going and people, you know, might have beginner's luck. And it's just not true.
There's a lot of stuff you've got to mix in with those lower time frame entries. And obviously the first one is structure. And, you know, in this example, we have bullish structure and we're trying to long. So why didn't it work? Well, because you can't just use structure alone. We're going to have to use liquidity. We're going to have to use points of interest, right? So for me, what I would recommend to anybody is use two of these, if not all three. I like using all three. So for me, I want to use...
you know, trade with the trend, the overall higher timeframe. I want to incorporate a liquidity rate. I want to also make sure I'm trading from a point of interest. So, you know, some people might just trade from liquidity rates with no fair value gap or no order block. Some people might just trade from order blocks with no liquidity rate. You know, again, you have to test these things and kind of take note of what works and what doesn't. So let's say we have an order block here, right?
it's right at equilibrium so it's technically in a discount um you know that checks off all the boxes for structure because we're trying to trade a bullish order block and we're in a discount so um let's take this and delete it so we'll say price continues down and we tap into this zone
Now have we taken any liquidity? Yeah, we've taken liquidity all these internal lows because any lower high it has liquidity resting under it now The amount of that liquidity is difference, you know from here and then all these equal lows So a lot of times we'll have you know internal lows that does provide liquidity But if we're looking at you know, we're where's everybody's stop-loss if they longed anywhere and this leg up
Most likely to stop bosses are going to be under these lows because a lot of traders look at that as a buy wall or reserve support so We know that there's a large amount of sell-side liquidity resting under that so Let's say we've come down into this order block. So we have we've checked off structure now We haven't really checked off liquidity, you know, well, I I have said we take it. We've taken this liquidity. That's not the kind of Liquidity pools. I want you to focus on I want you to focus on you know
big picture where are the stops really resting so in this example let's say we get this move out and we get a pretty decent push and you might even take some internal structure in your hunger time frame so these are tradable you know they definitely can be tradable with no liquidity but I wouldn't extend your targets for instance let's just try another zoomed in example and say
This is the lower time frame view and so we came down into the point of interest we got to break a structure and
you got a second break of structure even, right? So, you know, you're active in the trade. You traded off this fair value gap, we'll say right here. And again, notice I'm using different examples of order blocks, fair value gaps, breakers. It's really all the same. Again, your entry model is important, but what's more important is the narrative that you're basing it on. So, you know, sometimes the breaker block trader is gonna, you know, get a better entry and better risk to reward if they use a tight stop.
sometimes the order block trader will get left behind, but it's more about over a series of trade what works the best for what you're trading. So let's say you did this and you extended your target however high this high up here was. It'd be a much higher risk to reward relative to this example, but I'm just gonna draw it like this to make things easy. Let's say price kind of comes up.
And then it just takes you out and moves down and you're wondering, you know, what happened? I got my break of structure. We moved up. This is just scam Ponzi, right? But a lot of times what happens is, you know, just think about all these checkboxes as kind of like a report card. So like how valid or how valuable is this trade? Is this trade, you know, a C plus or is it an A plus or is it, you know, a total shit trade?
Yeah, first trade weeks talked about that's like a deep d-minus You know, this would be like a seed trade because you've checked off structure. Yes You've got a POI you got your lower time frame entry, but you really don't have everything that me personally that I Would classify you know an a plus trade that I'm highly highly convicted in so yes, you're trading with the trend Yes, you've got your order block. Yes, you've got your lower time frame entry, but you haven't really taken any liquidity so
No raid, no trade is a saying I like to use. And also think about it like this. If you're trading smart money, and we all know that that's mainly based on liquidity. It's based on smart money manipulating retail traders.
If that's the case, then why are we not going to use liquidity in our trading? Why would we not do that? It just doesn't make sense to not incorporate liquidity, in my opinion. And sometimes this trade is going to be a successful trade. Sometimes it's not going to do this. It's going to go straight to TP, and that's cool, but...
In my experience, more times than not, this trade will not reach the full take profit. And that's why I said it is tradable. And maybe you come up with a plan to trade it and you just trade to the next higher time for an order block or next level of internal structure, which is fine, right? But if you want to take a valid trade that's going to really push through the range, you want to make sure that you have swept liquidity, you've tapped into your order block or your fair value gap, and you're trading with structure.
We'll take out this example and Let's say you've came down here and let's say you have a big fair value gap down here
So now we're getting to the area where you've taken liquidity, right? You took out all these equal lows. All the breakout traders are looking to get short here and all the people who are alone are now forced out of their positions. So now is where you should be really watching the market for a reversal because it makes more sense. You know, if smart money is trying to enter the market or we're going to be mitigating true orders, you know, we're going to take out liquidity before we do that. So when we look at the market,
From that standpoint, we're able to not only limit how many opportunities we take and how much risk we take, but we're also able to be more convicted in our trades. And I want you to go back test this. Don't just take my word for it. You know, Forex replay, which I'm going to make a video on here in the next couple of days. Super awesome software. It's like 30 bucks a month. It's worth every penny if you ask me, if you're doing this professionally. So it's laying down here. Now you have your entry model.
This is something that you're going to be much more confident and taking along from that. I would be more confident Because now you've taken out liquidity, right? So, you know liquidity is cross over our list. We're in our point of interest, which is a fair value gap We're in a print or a discount and we're trading with the trends. So we're using all three pillars that I like to use when I'm trading Together and we're not just kind of forcing a trade
Trying to trade every single POI because you know, let's be honest if you trade You know correctly you're gonna get high risk reward on these kind of trades You're trying to take a whole a whole range and this is not the only trade model that I use or the only trade model that you can use I'm just using this an example to teach this this lesson, but
Let's say we push down on this point of interest and then you come all the way up to you know this level now This is gonna be a lot higher risk for award then it's gonna be depicted here, but You know, let's just say you got that for whatever it's gonna be much higher a lot of the time But let's say you got four or five are on this trade It'll probably much higher, but you've been trimming on noise. We'll just say five are what to say you netted five are so Where are you profitable, right?
Yeah, you were because you took two losses and on that third trade, you took a pretty big win. So, you know, in the end, were you wrong to take these other trades? You know, I wouldn't say wrong or use that word, but I would say it's inefficient because especially if you're taking funded exams, if you're really, if you're just trading professionally, the trading is kind of like baseball in the sense that whoever makes the least errors is going to win.
Because we all know how to trade. If you're going for a funded account, or if you've been trading for a while, you probably understand technicals, right? But the part that you're lacking in is inability to follow a rule set, or maybe you don't have a rule set, and you're taking unnecessary losses. Because all those little, you know, minus one R, you know, they add up. Now, I don't want to enforce fear of losing, right? Because there's a very fine line between...
being able to lose very good and also being reckless. And there's also a fine line between being overly cautious and choosing your opportunities well. So as traders, it's kind of our job to walk that line. That's why trading can be so difficult. But I think that one of the best ways you can do that if you are using lower timeframe entries is to really come up with a mechanical checklist of what you need. What do you require?
in order to get into a trade. So a lot of people are probably gonna say, oh, what about bias? Well, I'm getting a bias for my structure, right? I'm getting overall areas to trade from premium discount and order blocks, fair value gaps, breakers, really any POI, price delivery rate, whatever term you wanna use. And then I'm requiring liquidity to be rated. So another thing I wanna draw to this little weird. So notice how, let's draw.
this sorry not even drawn that's why i was looking at it weird so let's say this is a lot higher time frame poi this bigger box right here so one thing i want to point out is when i'm using an entry i want to see this in the lower time frame so i want to see liquidity here right i want to see that liquidity taken and i also want to see
Look what he taken right there So the reason for that is and that's oftentimes what this pattern is is those early traders get stopped out You don't really want to trade the first tap into a zone For one, it's not a high resistance run on liquidity. So what that means is you know, if we get something like this
That's oftentimes going to be targeted later. You can look that more as trendline liquidity But if we get something like this the liquidity's already been ran once so we're not worried about you know being early if we're entering down here and
You know, I think that that's super important that that last little bit I can't stress that enough is just wait for a tap a sweep and then a shift you don't want to just trade the first half so Now this can work with any entry model you use it doesn't have to be you know trading pro trend it doesn't have to be trading To try to take out the external liquidity and capitalize the entire price swing, but just whatever you're doing, you know
Make sure you incorporate structure, liquidity, and a point of interest. It doesn't have to be, again, you don't have to target this full range. Maybe you're trading counter trend. Maybe you're trading the indice model early in the morning or in the afternoon. But just make sure that, for instance, let's go over something with indices. Because I know a lot of you guys, after the 2022 mentorship, are trading indices. So let's say...
You have your 830 open and we'll just use this something like this So we'll say you have a fair value gap under the 830 open
Let's say here is also your midnight open Forgive me if this so he goes back and says it's not enough time whatever but just bear with me let's say you have both of those levels and You're trading the New York hill zone and you're looking to get an entry Based off of your bias that you know, we're drawing up to this high right here And that's the overall draw on liquidity
Or we'll even use low-hanging fruit. We'll say there's a fair value gap right here. And that's your drawing liquidity right there. So let's say 930 comes and you start to see that flush down, right? So we're using liquidity because we're taking these lows.
Oftentimes with indices, you might get a liquidity rate and not tap POI and then move up. You might think that, but oftentimes whether it's on the 15 minute, the five minute, the one hour, it's tapping something. Whether it's an order block, a breaker block, a volume imbalance, anything like that. It's going to be...
tapping into something often, even if you don't see it. So always look through the timeframes and whenever you get a push down into a zone or a push up, especially above or below the midnight and 830 open, and then you get a push into a point of interest, you've taken liquidity over here, you've got a clear draw on liquidity, which is your bias. Now you can look and watch for those lower timeframe entries in that zone because you're starting to check off all those boxes. It's not just
you know one confluence or one reason that you're taking the trade
And this also can help you develop a better strategy to backtest because, you know, with backtesting a lot of ICT stuff or a lot of just any SMC stuff, it becomes very discretionary. When I work with people and I see them backtest, they're not doing it correctly most of the time. They're just replaying a chart and just trading. There's nothing, there's almost, I won't say no point in that because if you're very new, it helps you get a feel for price action.
But if you're trying to refine your strategy, you're doing no good for yourself because there is no strategy. If you're just looking at a chart and saying, I think this is going to go up or I think it's going to go down and you just long your sell every time, you have no edge, right? Because you're making decisions based on your current emotion and the current look of the market or whatever you think. You're not basing it off of data and off of a strategy that you trust. And for one, it's going to eliminate your edge. For two, you're not going to be confident because you don't have any reason to be confident.
You don't have data to say, okay, I know that most of the time I do this, it works. You don't have that. So with mechanical strategies, there will always be a little bit of discretionary aspects to any strategy, but you want to limit that as much as possible. And we'll go over the main discretionary part of that, which to me is displacement.
The most mechanical way to ensure there is displacement in your trade, whenever you're talking about the lower time frame entry, you're framing around higher time frame bias and all of the other analysis you've done is requiring a candle close above this shift in market structure. So the first thing we require is that sweep into the zone, the higher time frame zone.
after that you know if we get a big push up we want to see a displacement in the market we don't want to just trade based off of you know maybe it barely you know what barely came up above it and the candle didn't close oftentimes that's gonna make a new low and you know this is where it gets a little it's gonna always be a little discretionary because sometimes let's just say if the price kind of barely
Teeters up tiny candles and let's say this candle closes You know a tick above this and somebody that's eager to trades and say oh it closed It closed displacement and then you know oftentimes are gonna get stopped out But if you are really true to yourself and kind of study price action, you know When it comes down to it when you're not emotionally influenced, you know what displacement is, you know what I mean? You can look at a chart and say like okay You know something like that
compared to something like this that leaves a massive fair value gap, it's easier to say, okay, that's displacement. If you're sitting there wondering about it, it's probably not displacement because the whole idea of displacement is an undeniable footprint of some large force entering the market. So that's the main discretionary part of using your lower time frame entry model. But that's the candle closes.
Are the only way I can really think of to make it more mechanical so
But again, whenever you're using entry models like this and you're checking off all the boxes, you've got structure, you've taken liquidity, you've traded into some kind of point of interest, you can be a lot more confident in your trades. And I will say structure is definitely the most important part because as a lot of people may know or have figured out, targeting can be the hardest part of trading once you understand the technicals.
especially for indices, because a lot of people want to always target the strong high or the major high, and they're not really paying attention to what the structure is telling them. You know, they could be in bear structure, and then they get a rate on a low, and they just think we're going to make new highs, because there's a term that ICT says a lot that a lot of people misunderstand, is, you know, they think the highest high is always the sell side, and the lowest low is always the sell side, and if they hear, you know,
Sell-side liquidity rate and they're gonna kind of shift. Okay. We took sell-side liquidity now We got a buy side and they're always gonna target the high which is just Simply not how it happens. I think that time gets, you know, really misunderstood by most people But I'm you know, for instance a lot of times in this example, you know You've taken that sell side and the most local buy side would be something like this or something like this Now I know people are gonna say oh, that's not Everybody has an opinion on what?
the buy side or the sell side is. To me, buy side liquidity is just areas where there is a high amount of liquidity in buy stops or stop losses on shorts, and then vice versa for sell side, for sell stops and stop losses on longs. Now, obviously, we have more liquidity in certain areas, like up here and down here at the swing low, but that's not the only area people are going to have their stop losses at. It's not the only area that we're going to look at as a potential liquidity pool.
There's so many fucking bots in the comments
Let me delete them for some reason. Yeah, and the video is these are all recorded. I'm just asking the questions. These are, uh, these can be recorded. So this is the usual stream that, um, we do, but I'm going to start to, um, make them a little more directed in the beginning and then we'll move into the weekly bias where we're at now. So, um, first off, happy new year to not, not really first off, but, um, just wanted to get that video started and, um, sorry to give you guys some more directed valuable content because
For when I get tired of doing just the same weekly bias over and over again, so I want to at least give you guys, I don't know, 10, 15 minutes, 20 minutes of some kind of direct information. I'll do the best I can. Sometimes I might not, but I'll do the best that I can.
First thing I want to talk about is Aussie dollar. Now I've been tweeting about this for some time. The first tweet I put up, I think we were back in here about a couple weeks ago talking about this order block we tapped into. We're in the premium of this daily swing range. So the daily has started to shift that internal structure. We took out that short term low and now I've moved back up into this order block, which I refined this way down. I went to a four hour, used these buy to sell wicks, and then I went to a one hour and used this candle.
Now, we spiked that just a little bit, or actually, yeah, just a little bit. Now, if we used a four-hour buy-to-sell Wix and hadn't refined it, it actually went like one-tenth of a pip away. You see it's 6.8348, and the highest candle is 6.8347. I didn't trade off of that. It happened, I think this was last night, and I wasn't trading last night, but what I'm watching now is we took a low right here.
Whenever I see this kind of structure and I see you know price trading up into a higher time frame POI again, it's kind of a Example of what we just went over, you know Using the daily is our highest time frame and then we go down to four hour The four hour structure is also bearish if I'm looking at the overall swing structure the external structure
I think we went bearish right here is what I'd look at because we look in our external structure is gonna start down here moved up here we took out that high so I'm gonna use this this is our low we now took out that high so this is our low and now we've made a new low so the most recent structure I'm looking at is right here and I drew that fib that's why I got optimal trade entry so this goes into using optimal trade entry and I look okay where is a point of interest
at a optimal trade entry that's pro trend there was a spare value gap right here but it was pretty large so then i hopped down to a one hour and noticed there was this order block that coincided with that four hour buy to sell range and then if we look right here you know we had this low kind of get wicked we got a liquidity raid right price kind of paused pushed down tried to hold right there and then big push down from there so if i look at where the displacement really started the
First displacement like was that right there all of this right here So I look at that, you know, just to me this isn't displaced and we didn't take any structure This definitely is a displacement because it looks more like a liquidity rate, but here we've got that push So I'm looking at that as the first area of You know institutional sponsorship. So I put that out last night at Hit pretty quick. I didn't think it was gonna hit that fast 18 hours ago So I put this up right here and then again look we have liquidity. We have all these equal highs
So you see how we can layer different aspects of our analysis in order to get higher conviction in our trades. So then I'm going to jump down to a 15 minute.
and you know to me i like this zone just because it occurred within this poi now we had some displacing down this didn't take structure either we kind of came up paused back and then pushed down so i will watch this zone but to me there's not really much valuable liquidity being taken from this zone just yet now um
Depends on how price action moves going up to it. I might consider this zone. Let's say if we really consolidate and start to form a bunch of equal highs and push down, and we have all that liquidity resting above, and then we come up with the POI, that's something I might consider. But for now, I'm more so interested in the 15-minute order block up here because we got these equal highs right here. Also, a lot of the trailing stops are going to be right there. So anybody that didn't get in,
up here and just kind of fumbled in their stop losses are going to be right above these highs so that is one setup i'm watching going into this week overall bearish bias for aussie dollar i think that and another thing too we have
is DXY sitting in this weekly fair value gap. Now, I don't necessarily think we won't push deeper into it, but we are getting to that level, you know, the monthly order block. We've been talking about this for a while. If you guys have been on the streams, and then thank you for the subscription, Frederick. I appreciate it. But we've tapped down in here. Finally, we've been hanging out for about two weeks here. It's been an eternity. I think we probably will dig into it deeper. But overall, DXY is getting to that point where we...
if we're going to remain bullish like we have you know this is where we would do it so we look at the weekly we've got um this monthly order block up here we've also got all these highs up here you know this is a far ways off but i don't necessarily think that it is um impossible we also got some trend line liquidity there and of course our overall structure is pretty bullish we could come down farther though because if we look on the weekly
We're not really in a discount yet. So who knows we could come down farther but you know until we have evidence of that I'm not gonna fade the dollar at with as bullish as it's been so now on ES so I took a quick look at ES yesterday and then This morning I hit the TP. I had given out a signal if this didn't hit first
Sad day. Well, those limits are canceled. Let me do that really quick, actually. Sorry, guys.
So I'll go over this really quick too. So the reason that I wanted to trade into this I like this order block as well But when I look at this price actually the weekly open and 830 open the midnight open was far down here But as soon as we had that equity open, we spiked down a little bit We really didn't trade into a point of interest, right? We pushed up immediately and on a five minute we spiked down first pushed up If we look at what we pushed up into
This is fair value gap and I'm sorry this one was this one up here It's fair value gap that hadn't been tapped into I can get this to draw
And we took out These equal highs so there's another example of framing entry so and we took that out really sharp move off of that Didn't give me the entry that I wanted I should have just traded off this first fair value gap because I was watching this when it happened We took that low and to me that wasn't enough displacement, you know before we moved down farther We did trade into this fair value gap
And this is an example of you know the way my system just didn't allow me to take this trade So I missed out and that's okay You know it'll look something like this if we had a closure under that line
And I looked at something like that and then probably just put my stop loss above that fair value gap So I don't see it coming back to the breakaway gap and I would have targeted the same target that I had down here But system didn't allow it so you know on to the next how it goes sometimes But that gave me an overall bearish bias and I had established a drawn liquidity is all these lows So I look at this price action, especially in a 15 minute where the stop losses, right? It's pretty clear to me. You've got a lot of lows built up right there
So a lot of people are looking at it as support. So we see that we spiked that. We did hit the draw. And I was just trading the five minutes to try to go down to it. I didn't trade this order block because I wanted to use a lower time frame confirmation. So I was looking at this five minute order block. The one minute goes down. Now this is the kind of displacement I wanted. And I wanted to just trade into this first fair value gap. But you can see that didn't happen. And we explained this in the inefficient ranges private class in play bet.
But basically, the idea of that is that if you get this close to a draw on liquidity, sometimes that magnet starts to get bigger and more powerful. So once you get down here, there's a good chance it's going to smack into it before you're able to get involved with that trade. So miss that. It's okay. But we took that previous weekly high very early in the week and all these equal highs and had a massive push down.
At this point, I want us to move a little higher first, but when we took that previous weekly highlight that, and I think, do we trade into this order block? Almost. Oh, 4-hour. 4-hour is pretty sloppy. I mean, if you use the last candle, almost trade it into it as well. Hmm. Daily.
When I look at the daily, I think we might want to draw into these lows right here. So we have the previous weekly and monthly low pretty close. There's going to be a ton of stops there. So if we were to see a bullish week, we could see a push down into those price levels before we see bullish price action. So tons of liquidity under all these equal lows, and it's the previous weekly low.
Really like using the previous weekly lower high as a draw for the beginning of the week And we already saw the previous week high as the draw for the first I don't know what nine hours of the market being open or however long but We tapped into that which is a point of interest so to speak or an area of liquidity and then we came back down
Put that low and I still like this order block right here, but we'll see if we get back up to it So now we have taken that area of liquidity. So I would expect us take off some of these levels butter my chart up So if we look at this whole range
That we have a fair value gap and we have that order block in a premium You know, you could also go use optimal trade entry and see that we have this whole range is optimal trade entry So I like that area if we get back up there before taking out of this liquidity Now if we take that out first, then I would start to look for a rebound and go up for higher highs Because I'm like we're showing before we have, you know If we're looking at our most recent impulse structure on the four hour, this is what I would look at
right here. And yeah, we have traveled into a premium, but we're obviously reaching out for something in my opinion. I mean, we took out these equal lows or equal highs, sorry, not equal lows, the equal highs and started to move expansively down. But, you know, this, all this liquidity up here should yield some form of reaction.
So right now, I'm kind of flat on ES. I like this daily fair value gap. I've wanted this for a while. I want to push up into it, but I need more. That reaction off the previous week, the high, and us taking that this round in the week kind of makes things a little weird for me because that was what I was looking at as a draw. I wanted us to move lower first, and then we still have the area of liquidity to kind of look forward to, so to speak.
We'll talk about this more later in the week. I'll probably post on Twitter as my bias shifts and on the Discord. That's about it for ES. So let's hop over to Bitcoin. Bitcoin, I like this point of interest over here.
The reason I like this round that seven or five we're looking at the four hour To me, you know, we have a pretty wide external range from the whole FTX crisis Which is all of this and we haven't you know, we longed in the discord from I think it was Right and here targeted this high if I'm not mistaken or was it?
Think away. I'm drawing that wrong. That's why I look weird. Yeah, we targeted this high right here only long from down in This region almost I almost can't remember. It's been a little bit. I think we long Oh, yeah, we long from like right here if I'm not mistaken Or maybe it was this where we got in I could be wrong. I doesn't try to think that looks weird Just go back and look on those things questions, too Yes, I will look at oil soon sensei
okay so the other one too um let me go back and look at this okay here was the um move this to discord discord you won't be able to see us but you guys you know probably already saw this or we're in the trade oh yeah change it to discord there we go so um this was the trade we took down here
We took the trade we ended up taking profits at this level later on we moved it to that TP That was just the TP. I took I originally wanted to move to that fair value gap, but it didn't so Overall the trade did retrace in some form or fashion We did get a push-up after we you know had that massive crash We didn't move back up into a premium and while there is no, you know
Surefire way that we're going to move. It's not gonna want to go back now. Hold on a second. There it goes It's not gonna want to go Or wait, sorry, it doesn't have to go back into a
That was okay, I'm ripping it was way over here. So um, it doesn't have to go all the way back up into this zone, but You know, I like this because We haven't came back into a premium up in here and we've taken liquidity and right after we took that liquidity We took a high and then now we're reacting pretty nicely to this for our order block You know, we took liquidity into it and a nice little three drive into it
Then you got a nice push out of it and this looks very similar at for our price action So we look at the 15 minute. We took that high Warm this right here tapped into this zone which are to consolidate and expand again. So When I looked at what kind of ship we had after we tapped into the zone We took out a bunch of liquidity here. So now I'm gonna be watching this zone for an entry
but overall bitcoin really i just want i think we're drawing to that zone um now that that's kind of a high risk trade i don't want to say it's the the most you know highest value especially with the way crypto's been lately but that's what i'm seeing at this moment um just look uh oil we'll look at oil since that's what sense i have wanted
So we ended up did we talk about this in the class yesterday? I think it was you that asked in the private class the discord but um We took out the high that I thought we would take out and reacted pretty nicely off of it So I think we're moving back down here Let's say you're drawing towards that low right there at that point You know, that's where I would kind of if you don't get a very sharp reaction Like I wouldn't even want to see a four-hour candle close under this If you did, you know, I would probably consider
Switching up your narrative to down
That for all we are in this I think it's a four-hour water block right there The daily structure overall is bearish, but we are coming back down to this weekly Area where we might see a rebound so that weekly structure and a weekly point of interest Oftentimes is going to kind of trump out you know anything else But we still could consolidate there so a lot of times we have these higher time frame zones like this You know tapped into it and we have rated liquidity into it, but we haven't really
Tapped it swept and shifted so there's a high chance that we follow this daily structure we see here and continue down Or maybe not continue down that far, but continue down under here and still could push up We've also got these weekly equal lows down here. That could be a draw
So I would just keep in mind of all that but right now taking it step by step I would focus on this low that's drawing towards that low So you could trade the lower timeframes, you know, probably looking for that Also, it looks kind of like a market maker sell in my opinion. So the consolidation Kind of got your run up. You could really call either these your run up. I call this right here That's a sloppy one to be honest. It's not the prettiest
Break down there you get your second leg of distribution. So you could watch honestly Something like this right here in that area for a trade down into this but Yeah, overall, I think you're drawing to now that's your drawing liquidity. Also, I appreciate the con words guys That's pretty much it that I wanted to go over if you guys have any questions feel free to Throw me the chat. I'll chill here for another second before I hop off
GBP USD. Got you, Trucco. Super nice reaction to... Actually didn't hit it at all. Honestly, I don't want that to get hit. This candle right here. But it doesn't look like it. It wants to. Also, you dragged into the one-hour order block right there. So, overall, I like that zone right there.
Yeah, I don't this isn't the highest value because we don't take any liquidity moving into it You see we kind of move straight down straight back up is getting a nice reaction from it Did you take this low that's the question No, you've got a nice drop these equal lows if you get back up in there and form that You've also got an order block kind of front running that or that low is front running the order block so
Yeah, I mean you can watch the 15-minute zone or that five-minute zone if we get back up there without tapping or did this tap it was at one nine I did tap it. I mean, it's still relatively equal lows Ideally what you'd want is a sweep of this and this isn't something I'd be paying much attention to you know I could see it reacting right there, but I'm not super convicted in it, but um That those are the zones I'd be watching Preferably a push back up into this zone if you get that
But overall
The overall structure you have here is pretty bearish. I mean, to me, I don't even know if I would consider it because I look at this right here and then that down. To me, this isn't really a swing. It's just a little consolidation to push farther, moving especially into sell side. So I would really just look at this. And I'd be careful shorting this a ton until, you know, because again, DXY, I think, could move into that gap. Also, I want to see the rest of the news for this week.
Yeah, so we've got PMI tomorrow we've got Jones FMC and there's a lot of news that could mess with This as well. So I'd be I'd wait for that news if you're gonna enter anything if you understand this morning, you know follow your plan, but I Really like this zone up here, but you know, usually the US dollar news doesn't Doesn't treat pairs like this too nicely. So reason I like that zone up there that four-hour buy-to-sell area
You've got this liquidity front running it and to me this is one swing. I'm not looking at it Yeah, because before I was kind of here here here here and I pushed down kind of consolidated So I would look at this and that as its own range And at some point, you know, once we start to see structured or bulls which we haven't seen yet in principle see this And then something like this, you know, that would tell me that we're starting to pull back up into a premium
Quick 500 cast enclosed. I don't know. Maybe just now. I don't know. Oh, yeah. Glad you made 500, bro. Be careful. But on that note, let me check the Discord. Make sure there's nothing.
Oh, yeah, the class will be posted today, too. That's literally I got to record something and then post that and then tomorrow I'll be posting a video on a market maker model. So Be ready for that. I'll be out. I'll try to get it posted first thing in the morning for you guys, but Yeah Appreciate you guys as always if you need anything, you know how to get at me if you want to start a free trial to the private discord where I give signals and teach private classes There's a link in the description
You can use code CASPER, all caps, and you get a free seven-day trial, actually. Not five, it's a seven-day trial. It'll say five-day on the website, but it is seven days, so. But yeah, as always, DMs are open. I will see you guys later. Peace.
