Sorry, excuse me. What's up? I missed you guys. It's been a minute. It's weird. I think since I've been doing the daily streams, I don't think I've really ever missed more than one. And I've rarely missed one. But yeah, I'm feeling a lot better though, for sure, overall. So I'm thankful for that and also thankful to be back active. I'll give everybody a second to get in here. I'll start going over ES. Overall,
When I look at this weekly range, the way we've expanded up after coming into a premium, I think looking at the weekly chart, I really like this high. Now, we could look at this from this order block, and we could look at an equilibrium of that entire candle. We could do the body of the candle.
Either way, we're really close to it or already at it. So, you know, we're getting those points where, you know, we might want to be drawing down lower, but I'm leaning more towards a little bit more bullish price action. And I think that these September highs are pretty appealing. What's up, Dre? See in the comments, what's good?
Overall, I think push from that CPI coming up was pretty crazy. I think that it was kind of like, I had been talking about a bullish bias for a while.
You know, it seemed like it was kind of getting reversed on for a little bit. And then, you know, it just takes one day and we are expanding back to the upside. So first point I'm looking at, because you know me, I like stepping stones. I'm looking more at this BPR, well, potential BPR. As price comes up and we offer the buy side into this set of imbalances here, we could definitely see some push down. The one hour.
When I'm looking at the displays in the one hour, I think it's pretty clear. Now, the reason I marked this zone, I'll go over in a second if you're wondering, but I think the zone we have here is fairly clear. So what I had looked at before was, you know, we kind of came up, took this high, I came down, made a high or low, took the high. So we had a range right there.
And then took that. So then here was our range. So now I'm just looking at this all the way up to here as our range. So when I'm on the one hour, you guys, especially that we're in the private classes and play that know that I use the one hour a lot like a second daily chart. So if we are in a premium of the range.
Spin this out a little bit. If we're in a premium of the range, we do look for a potential reversal after we take out the buy side liquidity if we're in a bullish range. But we don't look for that reversal until we get that displacement to the downside. I wish I had an indicator that would just show this because I don't like drawing. They always get in the way, but I like having it on my screen. Now, whenever I look at this range, we've got a very massive lag in price.
A lot of room to work with. We're very close to this BPR. So since we haven't seen displacement to the downside, and I still am seeing displacement to the upside, yes, we're in a premium, but I am seeing more reason to go up.
So this morning, I actually got stopped on a trade. It was the wrong liquidity rate. We'll go over that in a second. But my bias is still up overall and ended up missing the actual trade. I was on a phone call.
and completely fumbled the bag on that one, but it happens. Always another trade. So when I see this right here, and I hope this helps you guys, because a lot of people, when they learn premium and discount, once price gets up into a premium and there's this gap, everybody just is only sell bias and you're not going to see a potential long. But whenever I see this kind of price action, we take that high right there with displacement causing a fair value gap.
Price comes down and consolidates the fair value gap. That to me is bullish price action. Whenever I say price is showing the desire to go higher, that's what I mean. It's broken a high with displacement, held that displacement, creating a gap.
So once price kind of comes into that gap, just think of prices. It's always bouncing between areas of liquidity. So if it's going to come down here and there's something that it's likely to bounce off, and we can also complement that bias with the daily chart and we have this massive POI. Now I've refined this from the imbalance that we are already in. So there's nothing that says we have to go straight up here. We already are in a potential reversal zone, but we haven't gotten our confirmation. And again, our confirmation is that displacement.
Now, if this happened to the downside, it would be a different story. I'm going to delete this because I don't want to have it on my chart. But now back to why I have this massive zone marked. So when I went on the daily chart, there's a breaker block, right? So if I'm looking in this most recent impulse move.
So I hate having so much shit on my charts. When I'm looking at this recent impulse move we have right here, we always want to look back and say, okay, well, we just took out some liquidity. We are in imbalance. And on a more immediate point, which this was our one-hour zone, now what do we have that's in a discount? Now, we have this order block and the full fill of this fair value gap. If we hop down to a one-hour, we've got the beginning of this fair value gap right here.
And we can also mark this zone potentially. But I like this area a lot on the 15 minute as a breaker block because there was a lot of manipulation here. So when I'm asking myself, you know, where was the big run on stops and where was the fake out, so to speak? This was FOMC. This was what everybody, you know, everything. Oh, it's switch bearish. J-PAL's hawkish. You know, he's talking a lot of bearish talk. We come down and we take the low of the range.
That took a lot of stops. So this little push up and then that subsequent fall down taking these stops, that's manipulation. So that is a key area to me. Now, we already have traded up above it and then right off the top of it and expand it up. But I think we have a chance to move down deeper into this zone.
And come down right into this gap if the price starts to give us displacement of the downside. So we need that in order to look for that. Until then, I still am bullish. So that's my reasoning. Now I'll go back to this morning. I think I hope I saved it. Yeah, I did.
No, was it this one? Yeah, it was this trade. Yeah, it was. It was a yes. So I was watching the market. And when I come into the market, I want to look at a couple things. One of them is going to be the weekly open and the other is the 830 opening price. Because I don't really look to trade before 830 with indices. And I also want to look at the potential power of three. So this one was kind of tough. So if we pop on this indicator.
I have it set to mark the Asian range, the London kill zone, and then New York kill zone. If I am looking at price, I want to see the Asian range get manipulated in one way or another. Now, here I got kind of both sides were taken, so it wasn't the clearest power of three. Maybe if we would have had an Asian range and then a nice London range right above it, that's clear manipulation. We look for downside.
now whenever we don't have a clear power of three a lot of times on mondays you won't because that sunday price action is kind of weird um but the uh
I'm sorry, I just read a question that caught my mind. I'll go ahead and answer these. What's up, ZP? SizzleSMC, what's up? Adeliki, I'm definitely better than I was. I'll tell you guys right now, the flu is way fucking worse than COVID. Way worse. I definitely feel much better. It was pretty rough there for a little bit. Enough to make me not stream or get out of bed or do anything for...
It was like four or five days, but I am doing better. I appreciate you asking. Off topic a little bit. How did you predict that climb up last night on Bitcoin? Wasn't it still in bottom decline? How did I exactly see a broke structure or reversed? We'll go over that in just a second. So I just want to finish recapping this and then we'll go to Bitcoin.
So we see here we don't have a real clear power of three, but we can look at the one hour again, that displacement is still up. So we're leaning bullish. And then we see here, we did come down and take out the lows, but we also took the highs. So whenever this price action happens,
Where I messed up was looking back, a lot of times I'll use the pre-market price action to determine what area of liquidity I want to see get rated in order to frame the morning trade after the equity opens. So I was thinking we might retrace a little bit to the downside. I was kind of trying to jump the gun and I was hoping we would be able to catch along up into these highs and into this gap to then maybe take us down. When I look back, we had this expansion down.
And this is just something I've been playing around with recently. This isn't really how ICT necessarily teaches using this. So I'm just going to draw this box. This was our optimal trade entry. You guys can see we're consolidating here. So looking back, once we make that low and we come back up to OTE and start to reverse, I should have waited for that low to get taken. But instead, I took the long earlier off of the wrong liquidity rate. So that was where I messed up there.
Looking back, I should have seen it, to be honest. But it happens. I put it in chat that I was looking for that low to get rated. And then completely, I had a call.
Oh, 915 was the way I had to do it. And I, it's such a trader at heart. Like I have other stuff that I work on, but I just, I never want to, it's hard to do stuff when you trade, day trade every day because, you know, I'm on the East coast. So, you know, most of the time when people are wanting to get work done and do meetings is, you know, in the earlier half of the day, or at least during market hours, which is when I'm trying to, you know, be focused on trading, but push down.
into the low after that.
And then that was where the clear entry was. And I went back and charted it after. And I came back. It wasn't too, too long after it. But it was just the risk to reward wasn't there anymore. And I'm glad I didn't take it or chase it. It would have just been extra sad. But the reason I took this trade was we came back down under this low and then came off the low pretty rapidly. And I was thinking we were going to come up and take the highs and then make it move down.
So I looked at this like our shift, fair value gap, price came into it and didn't hold at all. It's pretty immediate. And that's usually how it will go. You'll know pretty quickly if your trade is going to be valid or not. Went just a little lower and then ended up rocketing. But the trade that should have taken right here after we came under that low that I had marked, because I looked at that as the London low.
After we had made that high in expansion, we came back up to optimal trade entry. Usually you'll come down and take the low. That will be the low you rate. That's the session liquidity that you can use to frame your long entry. So if we look.
Price shifted right there. I would have probably just marketed this one because it shifted here and took this, but I wouldn't have considered that a shift. It came down to this fair value gap, then pushed up. That's when I would have probably marketed. Targets would have been previous daily high, which already hit, and then the overall highs up here. I think that it's still probably going to drop towards that. But at the end of the day, it's not.
Not the end of the world to miss a trade. We'll definitely catch more this week. But I think that... Let's see in the five minute. I want to see what we're looking at. Because if you see, this is just manipulation. So we push down like that and immediately get bought back up. That tells me we went higher because that just runs on stops. And what it was doing is stopping out all the traders who got in here. Oops, wrong thing.
who got in here and here and all through here, they're all getting stopped out on this little push down. And what's that doing? It's moving right back to the remainder of this fair value gap and this order block. Simprise rapidly expands to the upside. It's still reaching higher. I think the overall, you know, this also engineered shorts. I think it's overall reaching towards this right now. You know, it's a low resistance run on liquidity.
even though it did take the previous daily high. So, you know, could see a move down. What I'm going to do is wait for after lunch. I'll be watching pretty closely. If I see something I like, I'll alert it to the private server. But definitely leaning more towards upside as of right now.
Now we need to get over this high right here. Because if you look, really the display's in the five minute, we pushed down. We bought back up pretty aggressively and didn't really reverse this fair value gap. But, you know, we still haven't made it over the swing high to get a nice push up. And I think we will just because the lower timeframes are saying so. And it also agrees more with my higher timeframe bias. Because when we get this close to a draw, which we can just draw this right here to make it cleaner on the charts.
which is this balanced price range. We have an imbalance the way up and then another imbalance the way down. Also, if we're drawing the weekly range, if we look at this, we're in optimal trade entry the farther up we go in here. So that's why I want to use this as a stepping stone. But overall, whenever I draw this, I do see this as a high area of liquidity. There's going to be buy side liquidity resting above that high. And usually when you have that clear of a pool,
in a range and price is showing the desire to go up, it's going to come stop people out there because there's going to be a lot of stop losses there. So we'll go over Bitcoin now.
What I was looking for, I talked about this and played it a little bit. I wanted to push up into this gap and then I wanted to sweep. I wanted it to sweep up. It was the weekend, so I wasn't going to force anything. I was kind of just watching. I wasn't really sure if I was going to trade or not because I usually don't trade the weekends. But I wanted to push up into this gap. And this is another good example. We're looking at...
This right here, I look at that as a more high resistance run on liquidity. Oh yeah, because we took a massive liquidity pool with this big push down, right? So where he pushed down, finally took those lows. And then we came down and took the low again and came off of that low with displacement, right? Multiple areas, right? There was a first shift.
displacement is still holding. So we're making higher highs. We're looking for liquidity to the upside. Came up, took this liquidity. Now, if we're talking about ranges, I would consider this your one hour range. So you have a nice imbalance right here with an order block because I put on another timeframe, but right up in a premium. So pretty clear area where I think would be a high value reversal point if we are to go lower.
And then if we look, price action had shifted up there. That told us we wanted up higher. We took this high right at equilibrium, formed a bearish order block right into it, came down, consolidated under that order block, expansion of the downside. Now this is where the sell side of the curve is happening. So basically what I mean is all the way up.
Do like this, make it a little clearer. All the way up on this curve, it's seeking stop losses of people who are selling short. Now, once it comes back down, it's seeking the stop losses of people who are going long. Now, where are those stop losses going to be? So whenever we talk about high resistance runs on liquidity, I mean, we have this big push down, taking out a massive high timeframe level, fake rally, all the initial traders that come in here get stopped out again. And then we have explosive displacement off that.
That is institutional sponsorship. So I don't necessarily look at that as a retail low. I look at that as an institutional low. So price comes up. Now this is where retail gets involved. This is where anybody who buys here, their stop is going to be right there most of the time.
I feel are trading this order block. Their stop's going to be right there. So, you know, if price comes down and takes out that low, we still have this internal liquidity up above. That's when we would look for, you know, the price to move up. So that was after we came down and took this low. You know, we kind of were accumulating up all that liquidity and price pushes up. I mean, this is kind of sloppy action. I mean, it did get a shift. You know, I would say really this was a shift right there.
And then now you have this fair value gap that we're just now pushing into barely in the last hour. So if we look at this, just like we look at the model where we trade indices, we came down into a discount.
I like this area down here at the bottom of it. I mean, this might go for a full fill. Again, I'm not really like rushing getting active in crypto right now. I think it's at a very pivotal point. I'm not very certain on what I'm looking at. I'm leaning more towards this being manipulation, but I think it will last a little ways. So what I'm seeing is more so a potential accumulation we have there, some kind of drawn out manipulation phase.
i don't know how long could be a couple days might be more i don't know it might not even be a thing this is all speculation until we start shifting up hard
Right. Because I was actually asking somebody in short interest on Glassnode, I think was at an all time high for Bitcoin. Everybody's like capitulating. They want to short. We broke down from this range to FTX crisis. Nothing's safe. Crypto is terrible. And then if you go and you look up, let's just see. I'm just actually curious. Crypto. And let me go to Google.
And the reason I'm doing this, just to show you guys an example, I'll put in, I'll just put crypto. It might not be as bad now. If you go to news, it's just tons of fuckers, crash, screwing up. You know, the world's biggest crypto fund is down 42%. Crypto is in crisis. You can forget about, like, come on, like, fuck. You know, it's just like, I'm not saying this is a reason you just go buy.
But keep this in mind whenever you're looking at it. Like, do you think that, I mean, it might, it might just go to the pits from here and it might be the easiest short ever. But usually when shit's that easy, it doesn't play out the way you think. Like, you know, you could be not the sharpest fucking crayon in the box and want to short crypto here, right? And you might be right. I'm not saying you were wrong. Something's going to come back if it done and say, oh, I shorted it. I made money. You know, that might be a thing, right? That's why I'm not really.
pushing a narrative yet. And for me to want to get involved, it's going to have to start really showing bullish price action. I think we probably will make another lower low eventually, but just not before we come up and take out this. Now, what will make me want to buy crypto? If I can get a daily market structure shift. So just like I look for on indices on the one minute, just like we look for right there, that kind of price action.
something like this right here, right? Something just displacement to the upside. If I can get that on a daily chart on, um,
on Bitcoin or really just total, like the market cap, then I will look to potentially frame buys. But until then, I think it's kind of just trying to pull the trigger too early. I've got so much, I've gotten contacted more by people that, some people I know through crypto, some people I know in real life, people are just asking about crypto, is crypto done? Should we buy it? Okay, Stonecrab says, Edward Snowden says it's time to buy Bitcoin.
You know, there's a lot of a lot of noise right now. And I'm not a big fan of just noise. Like I like I like it. Like I said, I'm leaning more towards this being potential manipulation and it's framing up to look like that.
So I do think we're getting more close to that time to buy. But I just, you know, we've been waiting a while now. We've made really, really fucking really good money off crypto the last two weeks. It's probably the best two weeks I've seen in crypto in the last, I don't know how many fucking, was it 100 days? We were just in this.
From this to this. Not 100 days. It wasn't that long. Actually, yeah, it was. Holy shit. I thought I was exaggerating. It was 80 days. Yeah, so like this was not the greatest. You know, there was really a couple good trading periods right over here. But this right here, there really wasn't much to do. I mean, I'm not saying there wasn't any day trades, but I wasn't participating in crypto through this. You know, we really weren't getting active up until this over here once we started this show.
and clear manipulation. It's running stops and pushing up. That's where we started to get involved. We made really, really efficient use of that crypto manipulation and we killed it. So not looking to go balls to the wall and give back any of that money. If anything, just be patient. I signaled one lotto in the server, but nothing super major.
EU outlook for the week. Let's take a look. I haven't looked at Euro dollars since. It's going to take it. No, it wants this high. What did GU do? Because I know GU took. Do I have GU on here? It took its high. So EU didn't take the high and GU did, which that could just be.
I wouldn't really consider SMT just because the more recent structure is what I usually would use for that, just a higher high and one not making a higher high, which we don't have that. But I think it's drawing towards these highs right here. So I actually took a paper trade. God, cucked on it. Look at that. Well, I actually didn't get stopped. Again, it's just a paper trade. But I want that high taken. I hadn't looked at it since last – on Friday, I think, was this. Yeah, it was Friday.
I think it's pretty clear drawing towards that though. So shift up.
Displacement. And then we come back to a discount. Now we're moving up. This actually is really clean. I might start watching EU in the mornings because I've had a couple people that I know really well that trade just EU and they're like, bro, start watching it with indices. Sometimes it gives a lot better risk to reward. So I don't know. Most of the time when I backtest it, it gives setups that I would like during the...
the London session, the kind of setups I like to play, like the liquidity rates. But overall, I would lean towards that high. Now, above that high, I think you could potentially retrace a little bit, just like into this imbalance. But other than that, I think it's pretty bullish.
And the weekly, I mean, like that, that's pretty strong. And if we look at this range as they've created, I mean, the range is fucking massive, you know, that we have here. So, you know, the weekly is shifting up very harsh. So I think we're going to take this high, maybe travel up a little in this order block. And then I think definitely some retracement, but after that, I think more upside. Now, where to?
You know, just stepping stones, you know, there's an imbalance right here at the equal highs. That would probably be the next draw. And this is on a weekly chart, so this would take some time. But let's take a look at DXY. That's something I just had drawn. We're talking about the monthly range on DXY.
So we had this low and then this massive fucking push up, right? So we came down and we took the low. So we had another massive range. And then really, you know, I wouldn't consider this our new range. Just relative to how big these monthly ranges are, I would just extend the low to right here. So instead, you know, of doing and going from this.
down to there and then saying, okay, we have a new range. I wouldn't do that. I would just extend that. So this is really the low, right? So then we have this range. Price comes right up to equilibrium, almost to the point. Actually, it doesn't come up to equilibrium, but very close, I should say. And then it moves very aggressively to the downside.
So after that, that creates a new range because yes, this is a large enough range. So when I look at this over here, we've got the beginning of this order block that looks like four months worth of price action. Now I could mark it up a little bit and mark it there, right? But I see a nice reaction off of where it was. And also we have this imbalance right here.
Now, if I turn this to OTE, came to a little bit deeper than OTE, but I think it was clear whenever you have an area of liquidity like that, an optimal trade entry, that is going to be your POI. Moved up a little higher into this fair value gap from 2002. Also, we talked about this for a while.
This was your range using monthly price delivery. And what I mean by that is you use the most recent ProTrend order block, which I'm going to use the recent candle that was engulfed. And I'm just using bodies here. I know it didn't take the wick, but it took the body.
And so that's going to be an order block for me. And price moves up, up into the most recent order block against, so this is a bullish order block. I'm going to look for the most recent bearish order block that's price doesn't touch this. So you take a line, extend it out. You can't use any of this because it's touching that line. So what's the most recent candle? It's this right here.
So that is your range, so to speak, on a monthly institutional level. This is something from super old ICT stuff. But if you look at that, we came into optimal trade entry of that range. So this is kind of what we're operating in. And you would look at it as anything, you know, just like any range, you have a premium and a discount.
So also when we're talking as day traders, we want to talk about our 20-day price delivery raise, like the last look back over the last 20 days for the IPTA, what it's seeking. So if we do this, oops, that's going to be this candle right here. So if we do that and just draw the range from the last 20 days, so you're going to look for price delivery raise in this area.
that are at a discount or equilibrium where price is likely to draw to. So what I am looking at for DXY is this 103 right here.
Now, I'm not saying we're going to straight to that, but that is what I am looking at overall, is that 103.212, and that is the monthly order block. Now, if I look at the weekly chart, really the weekly range is very similar, just as far as the swing range, is very similar to this 20-day range. As far in terms of price, I would say from this low is where it was, but we're just using the last 20 days as far as day traders, our immediate bias. So we're at a premium. We just hit a monthly level.
Yes, we are at a discount of this monthly range between the two order blocks, but notice how that order block falls right at the equilibrium of this range that we have formed over the last 20 days.
Or wait, I'm sorry. I did the 20 weeks, not 20 days or 20 months. Fuck, not 20. I'm sorry. I was like, wait, this isn't right. As I said that. So let's do the last time. That would be the long time frame target. Because as I said daily, I was like, wait, why is this? How is it on the daily? From over the long term target would be 103. I'm not looking for it immediate. But I mean, if you look, we're very close to it. So if we do the 20 day, not 20 week or 20 fucking month, the.
Price delivery raise that we are seeking out. That's one too far. So it's going to go one to the right. We have came down into this imbalance right here and at this order block. So we're getting those points where we have potential to start seeing some retracement. You know, after we look at this.
on the weekly, and I said 20 day again, I meant 20 week. If we are on the weekly, we've came back down to this order block that is in a discount of this range. So if we're looking at from a swing point, it's going to be a little different, but we are getting to these points where we could start to see some upward price action. Now we have to have a daily chart indicate to us that that's going to happen, which that has not happened whatsoever so far.
So until then, you know, it's kind of a crapshoot. Now, if we do the 20 day and yes, this is actually the 20 day this time, guys, and I've said like three times, but if we do the 20 day look back, there's this candle right here. So it's going to be this range. We are kind of oversold, so to speak. And we have a nice order block right at a equilibrium, at a fair market value, whatever you want to call it. Brain's foggy.
I like this level. We could see a push up into this early in the week, which would give us a nice weekly power of three. We could have some bearish price action early in the week.
After taking key levels, like for instance, if EU were to take this high, we might see a little bit of a bearish retracement early into the week, into this higher time frame POI, and then that weekly bias play out. Same thing with indices. We've got a massive fair value gap. So, ES is very close to this draw. Now, NQ has quite the ways to go. So, I think we could see a little retracement and then a massive push up.
i will be focusing on um nq after es taps into this bpr the only reason i'm still focusing on is because it's so close after that i think nasdaq has a lot more room to run
So if we can maybe see somewhat of a push-up and then continuation down on DXY, that would give us our false swing early in the week to look for that manipulation phase of the power of three of the weekly candle. So we get that open low, high, close. So if we want a bullish week, we want to see price action manipulate traders, move down.
and then start to push up and go towards the true direction. Just like we look for the power of three on the daily chart to manipulate during the London session. So just like I was telling you guys, these pushes down whenever, see how we have these massive pushes down, right? But price is doing what? It's drawing up. So understanding where price is drawing towards is extremely important because if not, you're going to get caught in a lot of the noise.
It's like, for instance, right here. Oh, market structure shift down, I'm going to short. You know, market structure shift down, I'm going to short. You're getting clobbered every single time. And it's just from not understanding what the higher time frames are telling you. You know, one thing that I started using that has really helped me, and I can't delete this, it's driving me crazy to have all that.
So OCD, man. But one thing that has helped me a lot is just treating the one hour chart like your daily chart. So if your one hour chart is showing displacement up and your daily chart is showing displacement up, then why do you want to short? Unless it's a scalp and you're an advanced trader and you're very confident in your model and you know maybe you're playing just a move down into the...
the place you went along. I do that. I'm not saying you can't do that, but why would you want to short down into the discount of the range? Which is what I meant.
So until reversal is proven, it's continuation. You always got to think like that because a lot of traders get caught up in trying to catch tops and bottoms. And it definitely can be done and is done all the time. But if you try to just short something just because it's been going up, usually it's not going to be too great for you.
Tyler said, best thing to do is sit on your hands till we see a capitulation wick on the weekly. Happens every bottom. Yeah, and that wick that's getting creative, that's that manipulation down. And then on a daily or the one hour, that's going to be those shifts up. So just like we look at this, this wick right here, right there, where is it? That wick is going to be this right here, right? On that daily candle, that wick down was right here.
So what was that? That was arrayed down. What time was that at? Nine in the morning.
So that's where the wick gets created. That's why you want to get it in the manipulation. And same thing if we're talking about the weak, we might see a push into one of these price levels, get a tiny retracement, and then it push off if DXY starts to push up. But again, it's all, you know, you get your framework and until you have the lower timeframes kind of agreeing with the higher timeframes, you don't have anything. That's what I tell people a lot of the time is like,
Let's just say, oh, yeah, we are at a daily weekly order block. And then this daily fair value gap's been filled. We've got a daily order block at the 20 day EQ. All that's great. But, you know, until you start to maybe go down on a one hour and you start to get displacement to the upside, you don't have any reason to really look for that.
Because right here, this is the one hour range for me. Optimal trade entry is lining up pretty nicely with that daily order box. So it all looks cool. But really until I get, you know, a nice clear push up and that holds, you know, I'm not really looking for that. I just have that idea.
We talked about a lot of psychological problems that traders have in the private class this last weekend. And it's important to not force your narrative. So my bias overall for the week, I think the week's going to close bullish for indices. Crypto, I don't really have a super confirm, but I would say bullish as well. At least close higher than it opens. I don't know if it'll be the most insane move.
It doesn't look too bad. I'd like another sweep into this zone. If we can get a sweep into this zone and a nice displacement, I probably will look to take some scalp longs up into this fair value gap, 18.7. And that's a big push. Just because the range we've created is fucking massive. It's one of those things where it's like, this just looks like a normal range, but like...
I can get this thing to click. That's like a 15% move. And the lower the price of crypto gets, the higher the percentage of the moves. You know, the higher percent gain each move will be. And the standard deviations become higher because it's not, you know, when crypto has been dropping 30, 40%, it's not normal for it to pump 10 or 15%. Let's look. I want to look at dollar CAD.
I did nice. I was watching this last week before it closed. I was like, damn, I should have opened. And it's funny because every time I want to do this and don't, I always regret it. Like I messaged my buddy about this. I was like, this is so clean. Like I don't even trade Forex. Pushed up. It was like right here. And I was like, the market's literally about to close. I'm not about to do it. I was like, but it's going for this high. And look at that. Just a media, just magnet right into it. And the reasoning for that is just on a five minute chart.
is around optimal trade entry. The market showed desire to push up. It was a clear area of liquidity in a premium. It actually went much higher, but that was just the low hanging fruit. Would have been a very nice trade. Just would have entered market there. Stop loss. Probably under this low to be safe. 1.5R, nothing crazy. I want to take a look at dollar cat because I'm thinking about expanding my...
trading a little bit into Forex now that the dollar is giving me more clear indication. And then once we have those, that's inflation news, you know, it gets, stuff starts moving pretty crazy, especially dollar CAD. So on the weekly chart, or not weekly, on the monthly chart, I'll be okay, guys, I promise. You know, we have...
These massive equal highs. Did it pip that? 899. No, it did not. Oops, I thought I was on A. So I'm going to mark that out. Just as a level, there's going to be a large amount of stops resting above these highs. So very valuable liquidity pool. We've also got equal highs right there for running an imbalance and an order walk. Now, I look at this as a high resistance run on liquidity up here.
Well, I don't know, actually, to be honest. Because if you look at it like this, because we ran the high over here, but that was this high, not over here. So I wouldn't consider this. Actually, I wouldn't look at it like that. And you have, we ran up and took the high. We really didn't make a monthly high or swing high and kind of just came back down. So this could be potentially something to watch out for.
But overall, I see an order block here. I see these equal highs and these equal highs. So I see potential to push up on a monthly chart. Also, and then I took that low, pushed up. This comes back down right to that order block, pushes up again. So the displacement's showing upside on a monthly level. The problem with this is the dollar is moving down.
The thing is, if the stock market does rally, oil will fall and CAD is correlated with oil. So you could still see a DXY weaker and this be potentially bullish in the long term. And remember, we are looking at a monthly chart. So if I just jump down to the weekly now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and mark my last down close candle. Same thing we're doing on DXY.
I'll make these a different color. So punch up into this order block here, up farther than the range. So theoretically, you could look at it on a monthly level. We were a little overbought there. So we'll fall back into this range. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to take a fib, and I'm just going to do this. Oops. So on a weekly level.
I think the weekly has a chance to push down a little deeper. This imbalance might be what I would pay more attention to just as a kind of low hanging fruit. So I think the weekly is drawing towards this imbalance. Now we might see a push up first. If we are seeing that initial, we want to see a push down into that weekly order block or the imbalance fill, or I guess not the imbalance. Sorry, I need to mark the beginning of the imbalance, not the fill. So when I look at this,
I can see a push maybe up into this first. Oops, wrong template. So a push up into this fair value gap first. And if the one hour was showing upside, which it was, it's not very animated here. So we have that push up there. Price comes back. Now we're going to 15 minutes, see if we can find this at all. There's not much there for us. Comes down to this.
Yeah, it's gonna go into those highs Nice We don't know we just looked at your I'm gonna look at it again I can't remember the numbers overall the weekly looks like it wants to fucking rally though like the weekly it's gonna go up
That weekly shift was gnarly. I'm about to at 1.0233. That's my long list. What are you looking at, USDCAD? Yeah, yeah. I'm doing like a massive top-down, honestly. I did like the monthly all the way. I think the draw... Look at Euro JPY. You might like that chart, too. It's nice for longs to shorts. Good old EJ.
I've actually done well with EJ before. What is the... Oh, never mind. So I think that overall, early in the week, we might see a push-up. And this goes along with the DXY analysis, too. So I think we could see maybe a push-up on DXY if it starts to show displacing up. That also would agree with $CAD moving into this daily imbalance.
right here, and then popping back down to this weekly imbalance later through the week. So I like this narrative here. So overall, the bias for dollar cap would be to push up into 336 level on that one hour high. It's also beginning of that daily fair value gap. And that's in a premium of the monthly price delivery range.
Hopefully, me going through this from the top helps you guys because if you can go through and build a very convicted stance on something, and you might end up being wrong, right? That's the part of it. You have to just stick with it. At this point, what I would look for is raids during certain times of day, depending on what asset I'm trading, in order to get long. In this example, this would have been a pretty gnarly one because
Honest product got manipulated nicely on this because if you look, I mean, it was very clean.
push up right here after it came into that order block. But this is why I say it's always important. If you're looking at a POI, I'd never advise, unless you're on like a one minute and you're using it for an entry. But if you're looking at a higher timeframe POI, never trade that first tap. It almost always is going to get swept. It's just like the same thing. We look at those low and high resistance runs on liquidity. You want to see those early traders get stopped out if it's an institutional level. So we have that get taken out right there.
And then another shift up right here, entry in this fair value gap. Not much of a move though, to be quite honest here.
The day's not over, of course, but push up into these highs. What's the previous daily high? Yeah, I already took the previous daily high. Mondays, a lot of times, aren't really the biggest opportunities. Sometimes they'll give you good trades, but a lot of times they're just creating a range and inducing liquidity on both sides. Okay, I took the previous daily high.
No displacement on the downside. So I wouldn't look for a reversal just yet. Again, remember the high timeframe plan is to draw up. So every down move would be looked at as a buying opportunity. Let's look at EJ. On a monthly level, it looks bullish as fuck. So monthly, I would say got this. You've cleared literally all.
Yeah. So you have no reason to move down really. I mean, all the reason to move up on a monthly, I mean, literally to like massive, like 170 bucks, not bucks, 170. But
So I'd look at overall upside. Then we have this clear level I think we're drawing to right now. So I think this monthly candle is going to close bullish. So we would look for the first one to two weeks to be bearish, which we've seen, and also pushing into a higher time frame POI, which we did trade into this order block right here. So this week we could see some bullish price action, and you might not see the most efficient
movement in terms of like the power of three on like maybe a weekly or a daily, you might not get that initial push down. The daily chart honestly looks like it could go down a little bit first, but we are very close to that high. So we have that fair value gap right there on the daily after we shifted down. But if I look at this, say...
Here is your push up, bam, bam, bam. So I'd say this is your range on a daily. I mean, I don't know. It could go down and take this damn low just because there's that lick front running this imbalance in a discount. That's the only thing I don't like.
So I see potential. If it starts reversing here, like if the one hour were to shift down here, then I would probably look for sales in the buys. But overall bullish on most of the higher time frames. Just think that if it does reverse here, I would look for this liquidity, these relatively equal lows for running this fair value gap, and then rock it to fucking 150.
Because I see this on the daily is like it's telling me it wants to go down to a discount, which it did. It did go down to a discount and moved away pretty nice, but it's got this imbalance. So really, this is kind of like the pivotal moment for it. Either it pushes through it or it shifts to the downside. And after some consolidation up here, and then I'm looking down here. But again, this is one of those where it's at a key level. I'd probably hold off on day trading this until the one hour shows displacement, either out of the zone or away from it.
Braden, I just now saw that. The potential ETH, Bitcoin, smart money. Yeah, I'm actually curious. I've never really looked. It's funny. I just never looked at the ETH CME. I just don't know how these lows on ETH don't get taken, man. Let me just look at the perp chart. Yeah, man. I just think ETH's going to have trouble not taking at least some of these lows down here.
Because we have this balanced price range or let's unbalances up now it needs to push back up into it We push into that and then make moves to the downside Good GG's Oops, I was gonna go to Bitcoin. What time frame were you talking about Braden? Oh, I see it like right here Yeah, I'd be bullish I'd really like a sweep lower into this zone to frame some potential longs
Oh, daily you're talking about. Oh, yeah, yeah. There's the massive fucking. I thought you were talking like today because we have that massive. But the thing is, too, that I was looking like this. But if I like by rule, like so to speak, SMT is like a higher high and lower low, not like a key level. Like just like I saw on GU earlier, like they both made lower lows overall. You see what I mean? So like SMT.
As ICT teaches, it is like something like maybe like if this happened on NQ and ES like had made a lower low right there. Something like that. But I see what you're talking about though. I was looking at it in the same perspective and I was kind of like, well, fuck, am I just, am I like looking for that? I don't know. Well, wait.
Yeah, no, I see exactly what you're seeing too. I kind of looked at it like that, but it's on the – because the weekly is like that would be the most recent swing low. And then that and that. Like not swing like structure, like massive external structure, but just like the most recent high or low because that's kind of how – because ICT swing structure is a little different than a lot of other ways that it's taught.
Oh, man. What's up, Womi? Yeah, I like dollar cad, though. I like that price action. I think it's drawing up into this. Euro is definitely, I think, drawing up into that high. I see some downside first, which would be even better for longs later on. Short NQ here. Thoughts? Let's see. I mean, I don't want to tell you no and then it go, but I would wait, personally, until...
Because to me, if I just look at the institutional structure from the daily, I think we're drawing overall daily is bullish. Yeah, we have a gap right here and that down here. So I could see a little push down, right? We're in this fair value gap. Until I see the one hour stop showing displacement to the upside, I'm hesitant for shorts. But I do see the idea. Like to me, there's displacement there. We came back down minutes, order block, moved away.
Five minute showing that it's reaching higher overall. And then there's low resistance run on liquidity. So I like these highs. But again, if the five minute starts shifting down vigorously, maybe you have something there. But I would just be... If your strategy is there, take it for sure. But I just feel like the most recent area of displacement was here.
So then I'm like, okay, well here's this level. And before that, there.
And here. So it's like, here's the little ranges that I see that are forming and they're all pushing up towards something. So I'm like, okay, well, what are they pushing up towards, so to speak? Because it goes up, comes down into a discount, moves up, goes down into a discount, right? That fair value gap moves up. This could come down a little lower, to be honest. But overall, I think it has a high chance to come up and take up these highs.
Even if it comes down, maybe it takes out that low, moves into this imbalance down here, and then takes that out. See that happening too.
Well, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I got a bunch of stuff I got to get done today. I've been out of the action for a longer time than I'd like due to being sick. So I'm going to take care of some IRL chores. My new monitor, it's not cracked us here. I have to get that today. We did a bunch of stuff. But anyways, I appreciate you guys as always. If you got any questions, you know how to get at me. I'll see you guys tomorrow. Peace.
