You got fucked on gold. They tore your asshole on gold. But I see where you went wrong. I'm looking at the chart right now, it's that... That's the supply zone. Did you pull fibs? I've been like... I've been not pulling fibs, and I fucking get into bad trades. But then after I pull fibs, I'm like, wow. I could have avoided that trade.
All right, what's good? So sorry I had to get that set up on YouTube. Um Yeah, so Basically this morning well last night I took a trade on gold and slept through it kind of just Consolidated and then ended up coming out and taking me out and I wanted to play the new york lick raid But it gave that signal. But now that I see Watching the one hour
instead of the four-hour there was a clean POI that it hadn't tapped into so overall bias at the beginning was bearish we had this liquidity rate right here and then I waited for price to push into that zone and then get swept so way that I usually use
Like these buy-to-sell ranges is just use them as an area to like watch for what I'm looking for and other Scenarios, but I can basically pair them together. So overall Mistake was not waiting for this one hour order block. They might just be subscribed but Yeah, I appreciate it. I'm just subscribed so
i basically could have just waited for this poi um and i saw that after i had gotten stopped on the second one i'm not going to chase it just because i have a rule if i take two losses in a day i don't continue to trade because then you just end up um making up for your winning days with losing days in this in this scenario like i'm pretty confident it'll probably go down but i'm still not gonna um you got to be disciplined to your trades or you just end up like another one of those people who just sits there and continuously takes losses but um
Yeah, so overall bias really was just 15 minutes, the 15-minute rating liquidity into this four-hour time frame.
Right here, we rated liquidity once, pushed up again, and we got a displacement break. And on the second break is where I shorted originally last night. Not much movement through Tokyo or London. And then this morning, we started to come up and take that liquidity. So the reason I re-entered, because I looked at that as the most recent local buy side. And if we go to a one minute, got a...
Shift and structure right there, but the context was off. So this is what I mean whenever I tell you guys like it's important to You can get your patterns, but if it's not in the context that you need it to be in patterns are less consistent or less likely to be successful so In this example, you know I was looking at the four hour But I should have refined it down to a one hour just because it was a pretty big zone And there was a fair value gap that matched up with that order
So, um, simple mistake, but you know, it's important that you reflect off of them. You don't want to like, you know, go and be all sad about it and get stressed out. It's at the end of the day, it's, it's not a big deal. You know, you take, cause I, I risked, um, a full, um, normal risk on the first one. And the second, I just risked half of a risk. So basically, um,
Still in profits from just one trade with euro that I took the other day. We were getting missed on these it looks like we might not be but The other trade I took on Europe from this zone So and it's important that I show you guys this because a lot of people just want to post you know Wins only and and super high are only and then really behind the scenes like a lot of those people Are not they're not really doing that all the time. It's it's gonna be a lot of losses. So I am I am
try to be transparent and um and uh show you guys that as much as possible because i think it's it's like a toxic thing that a lot of uh twitter traders whatever you want to call us influencers i don't like that term because i try not to be that but um hindsight warriors yeah exactly like it's just
um it's it's not like a healthy image to put out to traders because you know the reason i do this stuff is to you know show you guys valuable content and show you guys you know what it actually means to trade and that means taking losses it means taking wins it means not trading sometimes and it's not as attractive as it may seem to a lot of people getting into trading like i have a lot of people that
i know in real life that want to trade and whenever they they hear about trading and they hear about learning and they see all these instagram traders flexing ferraris which i'm not saying you won't get that you can get to that point but they're not seeing what it took to get to that point a lot of the time and they think oh you know once you learn how to trade you just it's just you know what's going to happen and um that's another thing smart money does to people is they like they feel like they have to like know what's going to happen
or they like get so hell-bent on what they are sure is going to happen and then they just completely commit financial suicide along the way to that like happening which sometimes it doesn't happen so uh i won't take any more trades today but i did want to start off by reviewing that and um
just go over it because you know it happens there's days where i there's a reason i have a two loss a day limit if i take two losses it doesn't matter if i'm if i've taken two wins if i take two losses and i'm still up for that i've done it's it's just something that's helped me um over time um
You know build consistency not like at the end of the day or the week but end of the month and another thing too like with funded accounts or Challenges, you know, you shouldn't like strategies that have a lot of losses Don't really work that well to actually pass the accounts and make money. They might work better on a personal account like a smaller account, but It only fix to those kind of those strategies is risking super small amounts
But then, you know, it's like, okay, if you take a 10R trade with, you know, a quarter or a third or whatever of the normal risk you would take with a 3R trade, it just doesn't make sense. It's just more, makes more sense to go with a trade that is, doesn't, it's not as hard to, you know, execute or be right on because I think everybody knows it's a little easier to get 3R than 10R and risk more. So that two loss a day rule has helped me out a lot.
i want to go over look at crypto i have i have eath in this poi right here nothing yet and again i'm not going to trade um if even if i get it but i did want to just share this you guys some alerts went off so it's came back up into this zone i think it could go higher just because we could look at this as liquidity um but there was a pretty strong displacement
if you get into a one hour we're in this order block right here this is a classic ict order block just massive body candle and then a sell-off engulfing it we also are trading in this fair value gap so with that being said um
And one could watch whatever time frame that they would you know execute within a four or one hour You could use a five-minute if you want to be aggressive But in my opinion, I would probably go with the fifth minute because this would be more of like a short-term swing trade and also be mindful that That's Thursday. So going into the weekend a lot of times crypto is pretty dead So sometimes it's not sometimes it goes crazy, but you know, just keep that in mind Also, sorry excuse
a potential a power of three here we had that little consolidation from wednesday till uh yesterday morning or i'm sorry not yesterday this morning um and then um push up into a poi so and i put that tweet out yesterday because i so many people like uh
like like power of three gets so over complicated because you know you if you go watch the accumulation manipulation distribution free video that ict has it's just like it's it's a good explanation of it because i mean obviously he's the one who came up with that uh that term and that ideology but it over complicates the fuck out of it it's just literally a range and then a push out of that range into a point of interest that's literally it and then a reversal so it's just a confluence and a narrative tool
that um can be good to train your eye for um to recognize that pattern um joe money asked what was my biggest obstacle when getting funded um i mean i think
i i would i had traded for a long time and i had been um profitable on a personal account for a long time and i really didn't give a if i lost so i think that those were what helped me from avoiding a lot of the biggest obstacles um in phase two i definitely had like you know once you get a phase two there's more pressure on you but i think it really comes down to like a lot of people are going after these funded accounts because they're not where they want to be financially
and then it creates an existential stress on them uh and they they sit and and are very hell-bent like i gotta get this account i gotta this is my mill ticket and that that will force you to lose a lot of the time because being afraid of losing usually will equate to losing um but i think um that's a main obstacle and really with funded trading it just comes down to you know have you been profitable on a personal account um for months and if not
You know, I don't know what makes you think you would be profitable on a funded account. And if you have been, then the only thing that stands in your way of getting funded is psychology. So if you've been profitable on your own.
And if you can't be profitable on a funded account or a challenge, it's psychology. It's just, you know, it's going to be FOMO. It's going to be cutting your trades too early because you just see that blue number and want to take it. It's going to be fear of losing the account and fear of like failure because I think a lot of us, if you're like me, you know, it's easy to forget some, like I try to be perfectionist sometimes and it's easy to kind of value your
Performance and trading based off of a short period of trading like for instance You can I go through a slump and if you're a perfectionist you might be like wow I'm fucking up like I suck I forgot how to trade you might start thinking those those thoughts But you have to be logical and remember like hey, I know how to trade. This is just part of the game And you can't value your performance off that Can I explain the Judas swing for my power of three tweet? Yes, sure. I'll go to that chart there
right here so judith swing super simple it's just a a right on liquidity but it's it's during going into london session so for instance if you're a trader in this range and you are looking to trade the breakout of this accumulation range you're you know you're going to try to short right here
right you're looking at this to break out and once price kind of comes up and taps that you're gonna say that's a break and retest so the idea is to trick traders into going short here so whoever you know banks whatever you're gonna call the composite man whatever the name for it the larger investor that is manipulating the market that is where they're gonna buy up all those retail traders selling to them
and it's not even just retail traders there's you know that term is like thrown around it's just a selling point just traders that are not informed or traders that don't trade on the basis of liquidity they're going to short right there and larger forces are going to buy it up from them and then you'll see that subsequent expansion into the true move of the day so understanding draw on liquidity is really important too because yesterday i took a trade off this like i was trading during london i traded this that's that's why i wanted to make an infographic of it because i was like that was
that's super good example of power three now where i messed up was not extending my profit to draw on liquidity yeah i sure i made 5r which is a great trade i just targeted the asia highs but i could have made a lot more if i would have targeted the the previous daily high um and i don't want to inspire that like i could have made more mentality but it is important if you um once you have a strategy to refine it and understand you know like hey okay maybe
you're taking profit if you see your trade um always like you know 80 of the time it's going way farther than your take profit you could probably go in and rehash and redesign something to um get some of those profits because the thing with trading is um it's really important if um you know i've traded low risk to reward strategies with a high win rate i've traded high risk reward strategies with a low win rate
And either of those work, but there has to be that relationship where one outweighs the other. So if you're taking high-risk reward trades, you've got to let them be high-risk reward. A lot of people will take a 10-hour trade, and they'll trim it six times before they get to 10-hour. And it's not a 10-hour trade. It'll end up being a 3- or 4-hour trade. Even less than that by that time. Yeah, a lot of people do that too. I see it on Twitter. I saw this one.
I wasn't even like in the mood to like fuck shit, which is, which is rare. I'm just kidding. But, um, I was, it was like, like this dude, it was like a 30 yard trade and it was like eight TPs. I was like, fam, you could have taken that at like four R like, and then just caught it a day. It was all around two R. Like bro.
taking 75 percent at tp1 yeah nah yeah no it's just like you know a lot of times i think like for intraday traders like you definitely hit 10 our trades sometimes but i feel like the sweet spots like 5r like that's what a lot of trades on as far as in that day you might your swing trades can go much longer but i've noticed it's been around like at least for my intraday trades they've been near average i would say
five r to 15 yeah yeah so it's like and and if you're on like you know if you got a funded bro and you're hitting five r in a day like that's like that's incredible like that's not something to just be like oh okay like yeah that's like thank you god type shit for a lot of people you know what i'm saying like i mean yeah like 300k now dude five percent yeah and i and i only risk half a percent i i want to well i've been testing
different strategies and um i know i keep saying i make a video on forks rape i've just been so slammed this week but i um i want to make a video on this uh software because it's so good for back testing because i want to get a strategy that i i can risk one full percent on all the time um and the only reason i don't right now is just because i know my psychology starts to i start to get
a little anxious when i'm in a trade if i'm like you know if i'm up a bunch you know whatever but it's just like i know myself but i but i know that data helps me a lot too so like if i have you know me holding a one percent risk for like five six are like brother some big ass numbers you're gonna be like oh yeah let 15k go to break even like that's a great way to to uh just have a bad day
We asked I check hopefully that explained power or the Judas swing. It's just basically a Manipulation out of the Asian range and then you'll see that be the low of the day a lot of times you can use a standard deviations of either the central bank dealing range or the Asian range as a Kind of like a target for the low of the day will be think that
central bank dealing range would have probably been the one here but i went with the asian range yeah because it went let's see i between i mean it was closer to this
so you can like target but if you see the fourth deviation was also very close to the daily high so the standard deviations from the central bank dealing range and the asian range can be very valuable at intraday price targets because you know if if everything is running on an algo it's going to be running on math it's not always running on you know even like for instance if it generates a high and if it generates the previous daily high
you know it's already kind of set where the asian range for the next night's gonna they're gonna gonna put that so that's gonna be you know only so much um there's gonna be so much meat on the bone so to speak because um you know major uh they don't want too major of a move you know what i mean because that causes other things to profit and loss i mean we are talking about foreign currency um can i check oil sure take a look um
Well, okay, so it looks like it's swept liquidity down to this POI we were talking about So we pushed into it once and now we've got a sweep So now you're at that point where you can, you know Consider something if we get structure agreeing with that on the daily chart, we're down in this order block I've been seeing a lot of oil news in the discord. I know we have a bot that like alerts Saw something I care. It was like us
Something about like House Democrats were trying to tax oil harder, but also expected them to up production or something along those lines I don't want to say wrong, but there were there was some kind of oil news. So that would probably cause a flush That's probably why we flushed out here. So we took out the lows here Looks like on the one minute
We've got this nice displacement out. I would say at minimum, you know, you're probably gonna get a premium Move into a premium you've got this order block right at a premium in a fair value gap So, you know, kind of low-hanging fruit. I would say this fair value gap looks pretty appealing as far as Trying to long out of the Sun. I think you've got some ways like I think you need to get over
This high with some displacement if you want to start to to see that a bullish narrative And that's really even being early in my opinion because the four-hour still kind of just grabbing liquidity It's not um Not where I would want it to be to like swing anything the indices I mean they've already came into a premium got a full fill of this fair value gap There is this buy to sell range right here this order block. We're also trading within breaker block. We haven't break in the high of it. So
this is one of those where it's questionable for me i was if i was trading still i wouldn't even trading this because i could see both ways i see the displacement up in this buy to sell range but we are in a premium and have tapped into the breaker block so i would probably lean towards at some point more downside overall i'm gonna alert on the dow yeah the dow already tapped into this buy to sell range that's where the dow is just on on its own lately bro can't tell the dow shit any uh any smg divergence
I don't think so, because they've all made new highs. Yeah, no, they've all made new highs. Glacier just said he was looking for a short. Yeah, I would lean more towards that, for sure. I'm already in shorts. NASDAQ? Yeah, I took NAS cells. I kind of want to add some more. 11.634, and I added on to my QQQ puts. Fancy's going to fucking deploy the grandma's pension into fucking NASDAQ cells soon.
He's adding more yesterday. I'm about to, bro. I thought 11.500 was a good spot, and, you know, they were a pretty nice around Asia session. I'm like, okay, you know, like, I'll just chill. The fucking news drop is going to blow your account and then go in your direction. I know. What do you ask? They're like, oh, Fancy's in with full margin? He bought? He sold? Pump it.
so uh like i'd rather just stay small risk here low key bro i added yesterday bro always especially since you're unfunded bro like you know just don't let the don't let the demons get to you
Because my original entry's up pretty nice, but fucking my other entry I had yesterday was up good, and then now I'm just a little bit of DD, but just trying to... I had to close my original entry the past phase one. Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt your stream. No, no, you're good. I interrupted you. I had, like, asked you a question. I'm like, oh, anyways. ADHD. I got a fucking ad here. I want to show you guys this. I got an ad on Instagram. It was hilarious.
Yeah, it looks like I think that one hour breaker looks nice on a on ES or was it NQ? I just thought it was a for I swear I was just on to that a breaker block wasn't I am I like right? I know we're out. It was a four hour on yeah Yes, that's I was like brother 30 got smoked We went external so side to external by side on Nas So I was saying we might reverse here
Gold was too slow, so I had to play 30. Hot gold.
hey you hit my zone though you see that zone yeah no that's where i should i should have watched that one hour that was where i up because i've been using the four hour a little bit more on forex than i usually because i don't use a four hour as much i mean i look at it but as much on indices but actually i up that was like a classic rookie mistake if i would have went on the one hour one time i would have just not even there wouldn't even have been a single trade but that's you know just a reminder it's the market always has a nice way of just like hey
No. You know you should have done this. Like, fuck you. Give me that 1.5 R. That doesn't look bad at all. Like, as bad to short.
for clarity um we asked i recommend trying a funded account straight from being profitable on demo or go from demo to personal funded um you know i think that's a per person thing and it matters on like are you pro like when you say profitable on a demo do you mean like you've traded for two months and you're up or like you've really like and you you're the only one knows this like you've really like collected data you have a you know you can write down
exactly what it takes for you to get into a trade and that exact strategy is why you're profitable um if you've done the the right thing and like really put in the work that most people don't then i would say yeah sure go for a funded um but that i think really what it comes down to with a funded account too and a lot of people don't ever talk about this is it really is very reliant on what kind of person you are and like how dialed in you are in in life in general because
it's like a big psychological hurdle you're like oh hey you know here's a way to change your life don't stress out though you know what i mean like um so it's it's like i think it it inspires a lot of like rash decision making and a lot of emotions um the right voice and it's and it makes sense it's not like don't like if if that speaks to you don't like that damn like that's me you know that's not that's not how you should feel it's it's reasonable to like be stressed about it but
a lot of it just comes in by like where are you at in life um how much work have you done like and you know like you know a lot of times you know how dialed you've been with your your practice and your trading a lot of people just get a demo they're just gonna over risk and overdo this and do shit they wouldn't really do if it was live and then like they're up like 40k 50k and then they go to a demo they go to a thing and it's just harder um to to maintain the same composure but i um
It's I guess I would say like it's better if you've traded on personal accounts for sure But I won't like rule out like I'm sure there's a lot of people who really never traded much money in a personal account and still got funded I'm sure there's a ton of people on that
i agree i think i think personal is the end goal i think it should be the end goal for everybody well a large actual a large personal yeah for sure yeah and funded is the allocation to get that capital yeah i've been lacking like it's the point i'm going with yes sir ever since so like i used to have like
like if i so if i wasn't funded now i wouldn't be comfortable having what i like i used to to be like d on some degen on finance like real deal degen oh yeah we all were you know what i'm saying like um but you know so at uh
at this point like as far as personal trading with like anything i would be only on metatrader accounts but i still haven't even like taken any of my funded uh profit and put it into a personal account i honestly just have been it's been nice like it's so nice to not have your own bread and anything no i agree 100 but it is better to have it and like i agree you should have it in something it's just passive income at that point it's a better like moral decision
right because i'm not i'm not taking money from like fucking people losing trades i'm taking money from people blowing oh yeah no i didn't go to you that makes sense so this actually is a pretty clean looking power of three good eye um ryan martin i feel like a better person trading a funded this actually is a pretty good um
I like that. I was on the DAO. I can see it on ES. I like it better on the DAO, but I definitely see it on ES. It's really the same thing. You just got more of a premium on DAO. Yeah, just like a DAO on the monthly.
On the monthly? Dude, we mitigated the COVID block. Oh, yeah, yeah. The COVID block. No, I'm saying that's what I've been having drawn on NASDAQ and SPX since last year. Yeah, but I feel like that's like... No, but what I'm saying is we haven't tapped it on NQ or ES yet. We haven't hit the COVID block. COVID block.
and dao is doing exactly what i want nq to do where it sweeps the august highs and then continues bearish yeah so you guys might like you guys may have just caught like a really fat top on dao
Because this is exactly what I'm expecting NQ to do on the weekly. You're in longs? I thought you were in four-hour shorts. What? Did you see last night, though? Yeah, you're just playing the in-between move. Like, if I look at my four-hour chart on Naz, dude, I have, like...
three or four, like, three 15-minute shorts in between. I was playing the up to down. But no, I was trying to short it last night, right? On the four-hour fair value game. You can see it clean right there on ES and NAS, too. But I was trying to short that shit, and then H1 broke up. So I just took a long.
and that shit brought me fucking 7.8 r does this mean dow is like the first uh is like the non-lagging well i mean it's a recession so like um historically industry is going to be the leading indicator because that's kind of like the roots of the economy so like tech is going to be the first thing to go you know like in a recession like you know tech is like
Less people are buying computers and you know less. I mean it's way deeper than computers as far as like chip companies I understand that but like there's There's a lot less money that is to be generated in those into those sectors than there is industry or as far as What's gonna be the leading most wild markets?
that's why the dow jones is you know dow jones industrial average companies like boeing and and there's much there's far less companies now too and larger companies but um somebody asked how do i use weekly buy or do i use weekly bias or shit weekly open to set my bias so um i don't really use it you use it
kind of like in hand with your bias like other things like for instance if on Euro like if we have a weekly open right here and then on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday we're dipping under that weekly open if we're moving into areas of liquidity or we have a clear draw on liquidity above
Then a lot of times you can use like okay. Well, we're dipping under the weekly open We have tapped into our higher time frame point of interest We have structure agreeing with our narrative that this is going to be the low of the week You can use it like that. It's just one tool So and same thing with power of three in the daily candle. Um, you can do power of three on the weekly candle as well We actually had that whole class and play bit on that, but it's just
It's just another tool. So I wouldn't say I use just it to set my bias. Joe asks, thoughts on BTC?
I think I still, I mean, 16, what is it, 16, like, 7? 16.5 is what I'd say. But the thing is, too, I feel like fucking everybody I've seen on Twitter is longing at 16.5. I swear to God, like, literally. But I still like the zone. I mean, it's this nice order block that took structure and pushed us really back up above. But...
You know, I'm not going to say I think for sure we're going to rebound from just that zone. I would want to see a structural confirmation of that.
And the thing is, with the stock market looking at how it looks, I think there's a good chance we might dump down into the 14th whenever the interest rate decision comes. If we were to get an announcement that the Fed is slowing down on interest rate hikes, we're probably going to dump into that. I mean, it just makes sense. If it's going to fly, we want to incite a bearish narrative first.
And I'm not gonna trade on that. I don't think I'm not encouraging trying to like Or see the future with news. I think that's super bad, but plays equal lows to To get clocked probably look at a couple other pair. Let me see. I got one of the alerts like I hit oh That's how it didn't mean it. I'm supposed to be taking it now dollars was he's an area where I like it more on us This refined zone because there's a one-hour order block down here
See this point I would want to see the 15 I would already is gonna go I like this for about a gap right alert and just watch Watch it. Just give the perfect trade. I don't take that's the one thing that's funny about like whenever I first made a rule to like have like a You know, okay, we should take two L's done trading. It's funny because then it's like then your brain will start seeing more trades You like that meme of that guy looking last but you got to stay I say this
And little things like that, like one thing that...
I do this with like, for instance, when I wake up, I don't look at my phone until I make the bed, read, have my coffee. Just little things where you have routines and you build routines that your brain goes against and your brain doesn't want to do. Doing that and building, your brain will get used to being disciplined by doing little things like that. There's a reason the military makes people do, they make them fold their clothes to the last fucking inch.
and all sorts of different things. It's just to build a mental fortitude that most people don't have. And it's the stupidest little things you can do to do it. But I think that creating rules, and Mark Douglas talks about this, creating rules in your trading, no matter what they are, as long as they make sense, they're good when you have to follow them. It's a good exercise to come to that point where you're like, fuck, I don't want to do this, but then make yourself do it. Because that's going to translate into
your ability to do that you know and follow your trading plan i swore oh no oh yeah i'll talk about somatic ta i did last night and xrp so uh matic on the daily chart this to me looks like no question this flow is going to eventually get targeted so that's a major drop
so um when i look of you know where would we rebound we have an imbalance right here and we also have this before down candles i haven't looked in the week probably a weekly order block maybe not yeah it's very close to this weekly order block so you know we have all these levels right here
Under this range, you know, I could see this as a massive power of three and you could see how It can be a power of three power through this power through that I get it can get you know all over the place That's why I made that I put that tweet up because I see so many people like it's like people try to like
Like overcount complicated to sound smart. There's so many Twitter people that do that They're like, oh people don't even know like like some shit. It's not that hard to teach people probably just show people what it means that that fucking hard So like you could see something like this right here
daily chart if i build a narrative from the daily chart like that where i say okay um you know in order to continue following bullish order flow this would need to happen because if you look after the major dump matic has been one of the strongest coins um coming out of you know uh this earlier this year like the major crypto crash um so we came down into this weekly order block
And then once we came into that weak order block, the daily shifted structure got a nice, really big push. And if I look, what caused that shift of structure? This order block is where smart money was selling on the move down, then push price up. So that's what gave us our major chains of structure right there, taking out that strong high. So if we're looking at this as a range that's accumulating above this area of interest, we look for price to then push into higher time frame POIs.
before we come down. It's classicized to you take the buy side into a POI, and then you're going to take the sell side. So if you look at that weekly imbalance, price pushed up into it right during the FTX crisis, classic to happen with news, and price starts to fall back down to this range. So now if we want to look to get short, we can do so from this range. But I'm looking for more crypto trades recently.
trying to just find some more action in that sector. And I've been studying some coins. I like the way Matic moves. So when I go and say, okay, well, if my narrative is that we're going to push down into that daily order block and push down to this range, what's going to have to happen in order for that to occur? Well, if we're looking for price to come back up into this order block, we're looking for bullish price action up until then. So I say, okay.
If we get a push down into the last area that I can identify where institutions were pushing price up, which is right here, because if we look, we came in this order block. Massive push up, taking out this structure. Same thing with the Bitcoin area. I'm actually going to move it.
So we have this little sell to buy range where smart money is going to create that false narrative. We all know smart money buys on the down move. So then we push up and we take out a structure. We're kind of consolidating here. And now price is given some displacement down. We're inside this order block up here.
So probably we'll see a push down into this zone. Now, if I was just trading Matic, you know, this is how you build those narratives to where you can kind of say, okay, I think we're doing this because of this. And this is how I'm going to execute based off that. And it's all, it all kind of comes together. You don't want to just say, for our order block, I long, you know what I mean? You need to understand and develop a story of what's going on. So you have confidence to execute and maintain plan. So here,
If we get a push down into this area, and if I get a lower time frame screen, I will long up to this high.
I'm not gonna long to the order block. I'm just gonna long to the nearest liquidity to it as you never know price does good things I'm so That's kind of playing with Matic now if it comes up without me, then I will look for shorts up in this zone That's that you see how it's like an if then if price does this then I'll do this if price does this then I'll do that You know what I mean? So it's really important to that and then just set your alerts your swing trading and just kind of sit back
um baxter asked said thanks for answering you no problem um can i check pound aussie sure i haven't looked at that pair and like i think i've ever actually like created this pair so you said um we've swept daily buy side liquidity price you're hoping that since we've swept by side liquidity price will retrace to a 1.7 daily fair value gap at the premium so
i like it honestly i i like that i mean look we took out this right here nice um pretty clear raid coming into a fair value gap that wasn't fully mitigated i actually don't think it was tapped into at all see and now that's actually super clean good eye i like this so um see we pushed right into that
Now that we've and I this is this kind of goes in hand with the structure video release earlier So I'm glad that you're drawing it correctly. So a lot of people will draw this
And then once price comes up and does that, they're going to say, okay, we've got a new range. We're still bullish. And I'm going to long from right here. And then, and this is a super common mistake I see people make. Because like, look at that. I mean, it's like, okay, well, I've got a sweep right here after this liquidity daily order block. I'm going to long from there. But what people fail to realize is that's not, that's not the external structure. You have to move kind of relevant with what's been going on. If you have this massive move, we know there's a lot of institutional.
So you can't consider this little baby move with no displacement another set of structure, a new dealing range that banks are operating within. You have to look at it like, okay, well, this is probably just taking out the liquidity. Because remember, again, price goes from internal to external liquidity back to fair value. So we've already went from internal liquidity to external liquidity, taking the buy side, and not only that, into a fair value gap, right? So if we look at the weekly, even clearer, because if we look at the weekly structure,
weekly structure is bearish and this is the first bill POI in a premium only rate of these highs equal highs the gap so I really like this so what I would do now on a four-hour you started to get this displacement down here
So I would kind of layer it and just start getting confirmation across different timeframes if this is where I would look this little buy-to-sell range I wouldn't consider all this right here This is really where we kind of pushed away from at that break of structure right there. So This is the part where I would just say Okay I'm gonna wait for price to go back up in here. I'll send alert and watch for it. I don't really trade this pair So I don't know if I will but
So I would watch like 15 minute and then I would just wait for pushing the zone, sweep of liquidity, and then displace or break a structure to confirm some more money is selling. And then you can layer it as many times as you'd like. Maybe the 15 minutes is enough. Maybe the four hours is enough for you. Maybe you just want to shorter from there. That's all up to your strategy.
mohammed asks sir when we get 15 minutes swept on gold first trade do we need to go lower time frame and look for the display so are we just saying the 15 minute so um for me on the first trade on gold i was just using the 15 minute i wasn't even trading the lower time frames and then this morning and the reason for that was i was using the four hour zone so i was using a 15 minute confirmation i don't always go in on a one minute if i'm if i'm using that because i'm more of like a
That's gonna be a short term to a swing trade But this morning the reason that I use the lower time frames is because we took 15 minute liquidity I wanted to make that trade based off that but again, this is why I always stress stress context to you guys and I I made the mistake of not being in the proper context happens, but Either you just move from Australia to the United Kingdom. So looking for gig along at one seven Yeah, I mean even with the here I'll actually put
have it um even with uh you know the fair value gap down there you know you could possibly get longs up there for sure because we probably take we took a lot of monthly liquidity i'm guessing so i have some relatively close you know if i to be quite honest i would almost look downside i don't want to shake your bias but if i look at the weekly and the weekly external structures is this
Now we're in a premium of the weekly, we're in a premium of the daily, taken, moved into this area right here. Now we definitely could move up higher. There's a weekly order block, there's an imbalance. So watch for the longs down there, but be mindful that we are in a weekly bearish external range. And if price moves down with enough force into those zones, be a little cautious just because we do have those lows down here. It could be a target.
Just be mindful of everything anybody anybody get some crypto and look at link obviously highs and lows. Oh, yeah, I was looking at this You know on the daily it doesn't but Got so much liquidity here than this range. It's just literally sideways price action for Six months literally six months to the so it's like I just range bound I look at the daily
Like this guy better down here Actually gonna set an alert for this last camp of it. I would also go along a big Only thing that goes against everything right now is fuck so much Equal of ominous, but at the same time you can look at that as SMT Make a lower and we did on Bitcoin. Oh, yeah, I'd look at as to check waves. Yeah, I saw
Well, I'm yes somebody said or not somebody that's on Twitter that waves is going through like some holy shit waves is zero I mean I'm not wanting to really Play these you know like whenever or a longer chart. I'm never one to really play like the e-pegging and collapse all that stuff can be very profitable if you're on the right side of it, but my rules are to not trade hype but
And if you are, I mean, the chart charts at these points. I mean, if I'm just looking at a chart, I would say it wants to take these lows and potentially go back up the gap. But, you know, if a deep exit and all these places start delisting it, then that's probably not going to happen. Who did I get funded through? MyForexFunds.
ftmo and tff i've heard the only problems i've heard about tff are the spreads like well or slippage is really bad not the spreads the slippage is really bad on uh forex pairs like i've had a friend that got stopped and it was supposed to be for like 1500 and they got stopped like 4 000 and basically um tff told them to go fish that's the only thing i have heard uh bad about them other than that i know people have gotten payouts from tff i know their crypto spreads are super low there is some benefits there
um ftmo is probably gonna be your best bet with like customer service and you're gonna you're gonna feel the most safe with them because i think they're the most like blue chip my 4x funds is is good i haven't had really too many problems with them um i've had the spreads widened on me really bad once but that's that's gonna happen everywhere um their customer service isn't greatest from what i've heard i haven't dealt with any problems but there's a little bit of a crash course
I think any of those three are better than most other choices because I see, like, the most random funding firms and people trying to use those crazy, crazy funding firms. I'm like, why are you doing that? Just because it's like, you know, you're trusting these people with your money. You're trusting them with your time. Like, I couldn't imagine what it would be like to go getting funded and then get fucked over. Oh, my God. I'd be...
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, and it's usually only because those funding firms are like $20 cheaper than FTMOs, so people are just like broke as hell and just wanting to save $20, $30. Like, why would you not go with the most reputable prop firm and save yourself $500 on a funded rather than fucking saving yourself $20 to get licked? Yeah, exactly. It's ridiculous.
Yeah waves would definitely be a lot of on a short or if you're gonna do that, but I would be careful
But on that note guys, I'm gonna hop off here as always I appreciate you all coming through if you have any questions Don't hesitate to get at me. You can do better discord. You guys know if you're in the discord I'm super easy to get out in the chats if you Want to start a free trial to the discord the link is in the bio You can just use code Casper all caps I'll get you a five-day free trial and a discount on your first month if you had to stay So on that note, I will see you guys tomorrow
