Wow. Okay. Well, thank you, Devo, or I would have just been talking myself. To sum it up, back from the holidays and Merry Christmas to everybody. Hope everybody had a good holiday and go ahead and throw some coins or questions, whatever, because I'm completely out of the loop. I traded the ES yesterday and I've been keeping a loose eye on the stock market, but I haven't really been super, super active.
I'm glad you told me that, Davo. I would have literally just talked to myself for however long. What's that pause? Okay, I want to share my screen on Discord. There we go. Okay.
So on ES, right now, we just moved back up to the weekly open. Nice little candle shelf off of it and took that previous daily high. So I think we'll get somewhat of a retrace of this little morning move we have here. I like this 15-minute fair value gap right here. There's also some liquidity built up under these lows here and here.
So I think that could potentially be a nice draw and then maybe get a re-entry off that I probably won't trade today just because I have been driving all day And I'm not really in the zone to trade and I plus I got to go get a get that new iPhone But yeah, if you guys have any kind of any coins anything you want me to throw or to look at just throw it down I'll go over this trade from yesterday real quick
So I ended up taking a 60% total and then getting stopped at entry. So overall, my target was the previous week's low. I wanted us to move into that and then kind of have this reaction we had this morning, but no dice on that. We got on NQ, which is some pretty crazy SMT divergence between ES and NQ. I see EU and UJ. I'll do those next. So if we look, we took out last previous week's low.
And also these lows here. I made that lower low on NQ, but did not make it on ES or the Dow. So, you know, it is what it is.
Trade was still super super great trade just because a tight stop-loss So the overall bias for it and I took a trade in the morning as well The morning trade was pretty bread and butter if you asked me came up and took out The highs and then also the previous another previously high the previous Lunchtime highs right be I was right there Mainly was looking at all these equal highs right here and then you know one minute and we got our entry models pretty clear-cut So here
This might break a structure I like the order block here because we kind of had this little last pivot or we had that sell to buy or buy to sell not not sell to buy We had that buy to sell move up and move down. So that order block was a nice draw And that's where I traded off of just ended the most recent liquidity pool Because I was kind of in between I almost wanted a long down here So I was a little less confident in this trade, but the model was there, you know, we took the buy side
above the 830 open. So let me go back and plot that 830 out so you can see it. So we want to, oops, wrong tool. We went above that 830 open.
And that was what made me want to short instead of long, because if you look, you know, the way I was looking at originally is that, yeah, we came under this low and that was bright, you know, with the market open. And I could have seen a long there, you know, and try to long off this right there or anywhere in this gap. But the reason I didn't was because that raid didn't happen until after the market was already, or I'm sorry, the first raid happened before the market was open.
or as it was opening, I should say. So I wasn't as interested in that as what kind of stops were taken during the session. If I'm trading that model, I like to trade the raid that happens after 9.30. So also, if you look, I think it was a one hour, maybe a four hour.
Yeah, it was this four-hour fair value gap we traded into right there. So for me, I looked at that as a higher probability sell because if we look at the four-hour order flow, we had this right here and this. This was kind of the range we were playing within. And we had a bearish displacement. So I would lean bearish there because the structure is saying bearish, right? Now, obviously, we ended up kind of reversing off these lows. But overall, at this point, I was looking at a more bearish narrative. It seemed like we were drawing down towards sell side.
based off that bias, then I just use the lower timeframes to enter after we took out that buy site. So displacement, shift and structure right there, order block entry, just target that morning liquidity. So now the trade that, I took another trade in here, but it was just kind of a little silver bullet entry. I won't go over that one.
the trade that I took here where I was trying to target the previous weekly low, main reason I was trying to target that previous week low is for one, I like using them as draws on liquidity, especially if they agree with that four hour structure. So in this example, we had, again, that low right there and this high, I was kind of looking at those as the dealing range on a four hour operating within, and we already came up and repriced into this fair value gap.
balance this price range right there. So then I look at that as, okay, we're probably going to go for the lows. Now, NQ did go for the previous week's lows. ES did not. It's okay. That's why you take partials. And another confluence that I had that made me target that far away was the standard deviation of this morning liquidity rate. So, or not morning, I'm sorry. Oh, my mouse battery's about to die. Hold on one second, guys. So the
The other...
Confluence that I had to target the previous weekly low was taking the five-minute moves You know if I'm using the lower timeframes, I like to use a five minute is drawn mobile so you Bear with me, but the little impulse move that really pushed up into the POI so we talked about this a while ago on a stream and Kind of comes from the bridge builders video from ICT But it's just a different take on it that I like to use that if I am trading a liquidity raid
which every trade that I take has some form of raid, whether it's on the 15 minute or the five minute or the one minute. But usually I'll try to use my lower timeframe if I'm entering on a lower timeframe. And I will measure that move with the fib tool and I'll use standard deviations to line up with price delivery arrays or liquidity. Kind of like how you can use it for the Asian range and the central bank range. But I use it a little bit more.
more often, I guess you'd say, and not necessarily with time, just with price. But in this example, I targeted the previous week low because it kind of lined up with that fourth deviation. Didn't get that. So where I took profits on this trade, let's go back into here so I don't keep losing my spot.
where i took profits in this trade were these one minute lows right here right the beginning of that little impulse move and that was just kind of to um protect myself i took 30 percent there and move stops to break even because the risk reward is pretty nice there you know usually i wouldn't take that if the rr was super low but it was pretty nice i think it was around uh two point something if i remember right yeah 2.38 um
So I took 30% there, move stops to break even. And a lot of times I would have taken the trade in full there, but I had more confluences on that four hour chart. Also our 15 minute chart right here was pretty clearly bearish. And we pushed down, pushed back up into a premium of that morning move. And then that first fair value gap, and it wasn't the breakaway fair value gap.
so i wasn't trying to take it all the way up here i didn't see any reason that price would go up here if it did i'd most likely look for buy side liquidity but since we got our entry model inside this first fair value gap then i know that price is pretty likely to go down towards the sell side and it's also at a two um or two standard deviations away so that was the second take profit was right here so i took 30 of my trade at each area and was going to take the last 40 down here but
no dice on that which is fine um that's totally okay i kind of wish i would have taken it but i look at it as you know it's part of the system you can't look back and you know there's always going to be a if i did this or what if i would have done this or what if i wouldn't have done this um stuff like that there's always going to be a what if so you can't think like that and i catch myself doing it sometimes but it's just important that you uh quickly stray away from that
that thought process now i didn't even get the best entry one could have got um i just entered on the uh
It was right around this area. It probably was like a tick away, give or take. I drew this on my phone. I didn't use a limit order I was marketing, so it's probably a little different. But basically, I just watched this displacement down. It was after this candle closed right here, that candle closed under it. I found that, you know, if I'm using a tight stop loss, like for instance, this one I use just above that fair value gap, then most of the time, if I'm going to get...
very small benefit in terms of risk reward I'll just market entry that's just my style some people say you know it's being impatient I used to think that and kind of like tell myself I was being impatient but after trading for a while I realized you know okay let's just look at the difference you know okay so at 38 38
You know, we have a point and a handle almost. Yeah, something around there. So it's kind of like, yes, it definitely makes a difference. But to me, the risk of missing the trade, especially when it's already a high risk reward trade, outweighs the benefit of that point better entry. So, and that's different for everybody. Some people would disagree with that, but that was my logic. And that's why I mark it.
a lot of the time with the one minute entries so now it'd been different if this had been you know price had extended all the way down here and there's massive fair value gaps then i would have waited and set a limit and entered that way but um you know if it's gonna be a minimal risk reward benefit i'm not gonna risk missing the trade
So that was it for ES yesterday. This morning was really clean. I didn't trade this. This is just looking back. So I don't want to be that guy saying that I called this, so to speak, because I didn't. But looking back, we had a nice push right into that 8.30 a.m. open, into that 15-minute fair value gap. Hold on, this cord is getting stuck on my monitor mount.
And this is another example of where you would want to market on a one minute entry. So, you know, probably going to market on this close right here. Nice, strong liquidity is that previous daily high. And I can't stress enough how if you're not marking your previous daily, weekly and monthly highs and lows and being mindful of them, you know, you're really fucking up if you trade ICT because, you know, most of the time intraday.
drawn liquidity is going to if it's not an imbalance if it is a liquidity pool it's going to be a previous daily high or low a lot of the time so you know if you're bullish um let's look on the daily chart
And say when we're bullish, if we look at all these days, where price is moving up, how many days did the candle take the previous daily high? You know, we didn't right there, did the next day, didn't right there, didn't right there, did the next day, next day, next day, next day, didn't here, did the next day. And you can see that, you know, once we're bullish, if you were trading and you caught a move,
you know, in a discount of that day, like under the 830 open or under the midnight open, then targeting the previous daily high can be pretty profitable. It's not going to happen every single day as with any strategy, but I highly encourage you to be mindful of where those levels are and always be thinking, you know, if you, you know, you're establishing your daily bias based on, you know, draw on liquidity theory, then you should be doing the same with your intraday price action.
What's up now, I just saw that chat So and after we come up above these levels are below them You can always be expecting some kind of move away, especially when they're paired with other levels like the weekly open in this example So it's been pretty wild as far as I mean, it's the week after Christmas Monday was closed as well, so
You know, I mean, this doesn't look bad for a bullish continuation through the week. I mean, this would have been an ideal to have it on like a Tuesday. Let me hide some of this just so we can get a better perspective.
And that previous daily high, or even this high, you could look at for a shift in market structure on the higher time frame, which is this one hour chart. So if I go to the lowest candle body to the highest here, and go to draw an OTE fib,
You know, let's look on a 15-minute, see if there's an order block. I kind of like this little down move right here, but also that we could look at that as liquidity. So I would just be watching optimal trade entry if we are lucky to get a push down into that tomorrow for a potential buy entry. And again, it's kind of weird trying to use this weekly power of three on this week since we only have four days because we came down, we have our accumulation right here. You could probably say all of it.
Push down. It's it's pretty late in the week that I wouldn't try to force that but usually if I get a push down early in the week and then I get a shift in structure with this much displacement I'll look to frame entries around optimal trade entry to target You know equal highs above or maybe in this previous weekly high up here I don't know if the market has enough juice in it for that. Yeah, it is the massage chair oops right over here Why don't you notice that? So let's look at euro dollar
So trading up in this daily order block up here. I haven't really been paying too much attention to your I'm not a huge fan of this price action I mean, there's definitely opportunities to be had but I think that AU or GU has been a lot cleaner because this is just I mean, there's definitely lower time frame entries, but my style for Forex is not really
That that's solid right now because I like using the higher time frame since I'm not watching it intraday as much I wait for the higher time frame setups, you know, I got a four hour We haven't really came back down where I was a interested buyer which would be down here in this order block but You know if we look at the overall structure, you know, it's all over the place because we've got this high up here You know because we came up this little bit
Came up here, put a high in, put a low, high. It's really kind of hard. I don't know which one of these was made first. And then you form this massive range here. Then you started pushing down. It's just, to me, it's one of these things where I'm going to wait on euro dollar. So overall right now, though, I'm going to go to a one hour. You know, there's going to be a ton of liquidity above this high, right? So one thing I want to do is I want to go back.
And I'm going to take a rectangle tool. I want to extend this back because this could be looked at as a rejection block. So we look, we wicked right off this order block. So if we go back and we look at why did we wick? What was this reaction? Because we took liquidity.
Right, right after we got a display some of the downside. So now to me, this range is going to be pretty important because I see a lot of institutional sponsorship here between these levels. Now we've taken out the sell side numerous times, right? It's been kind of like a range bound manipulated week or so of price action. And when I look here,
i look at it as in this rejected pretty hard off something now we didn't get the push down to where i wanted us to go but we did get that shift in structure so that tells me there was a lot of volume coming from this level so what i would do if i was a euro dollar trader and i'll set an alert for this is i would wait and see the price action at this rejection block i'm actually gonna label this one
i'm gonna set an alarm so now if we don't get a bearish reaction i'd probably send a five minute you know watch for a five minute entry um if we don't get that there i mean you're yeah i don't want to be that guy that points out the obvious but you're going to go for that high and then that's where i'd revisit it but um again i just don't think that this price action right here this isn't for me it's not uh
Not really suiting my style. I know a lot of people are still killing it Let's see that the order block I've drawn On EU would it not be the candles body excluding the wicks? If you're talking about this right here The one I just let me go back to an hour when I just drew that I would be looking at this as a rejection block if you're talking about this back here I just drew the
The rectangle is based off of the wicks of that other body. It wasn't anything to do with these candles Or if you're talking to the daily order block
The daily order block, I'm just using this handle right here. It's kind of choppy. It was probably drawn on mobile. And I just include this high, but the order block that I was... That right there. That's what I was using as reference. Hopefully that answered the question. Hey, Casper, can you go over AUD-USD? Yeah, I got you, bro.
Aussie doll. Let me look at UJ, and then I'll do that one. The one below with the X drawn on. Oh. Yeah, for me, I use the whole candle. Some people disagree with that. That's just the way I do it. On the one hour, because the way I look at it is an order block is kind of the down move before the up move to take structure, because if we are bullish, smart money is buying on those down moves.
Some people use the body. I know ICT talks about only using candle bodies. My strategy is a little different. So that's kind of the way I use it. Because I'm not going to be looking to enter off of that level. I'm just looking at this whole zone for my entry model. So for me, it's more of a narrative tool than an entry tool. So I'm not trying to... I don't have to be as precise, I guess, with the...
the framework of it so to speak you know it's like with a fair value gap um i'm not really wanting to mark uh 50 levels stuff like that but um you know everybody's style is different so um usd jpy so with uj originally i really wanted us to come back up into this daily order block right here or this large candle you could look at i haven't looked at this chart a little bit so we took out the stops here formed some equal lows so
So this right here is what I would like to see get swept. I wanted to see a big push, a little bit more of a push up before shorting the end just because all the stuff that BOJ has going on right now, oops, let me do that, has me a little bit more.
I'm picky with my trade setups. And I look at it like, okay, we took liquidity here, shifted down and then shifted down again. So this last range, and I was clean on a daily. This is that buy to sell range that caused the big down move. So if I want to sell into these lows, I would like to get a push up.
If I don't get that, that's fine. Um, cause I, I do see this pretty big fair value gap right here. I'm aware of that. And, um, the four hours showing some displacement down. So, you know, if it goes without me, that's totally fine. I'm not going to chase this one. Um, but you know, so we have that push down. You could look for maybe something up in here. If you are trying to trade it more actively for me, I'm not as, uh,
as eager to trade UJ right now. And I'm not saying you shouldn't be. I'm just saying it's not one of my go-to pairs. But if I get a nice push up in here, that's where I would look for it. So it's like an Aussie dollar now.
Pretty close to where I had originally wanted to look for some shorts based off of, I think it was just 15 minute right here. Now, one thing I will say is we have this low resistance run on liquidity here. So I wanted to get more of a quicker entry off this. Once this structure break happened, this is where I was watching for that. I wanted to kind of get a push down. And if I was going to trade, I get an immediate push and just target into some of these lows. Because looking at this four hour,
or no, for one hour, this order block is what really has my interest. So I posted on Twitter about the daily three drive. So we pushed up, took liquidity once, twice on these three legs in price into this daily order block. So when I look at this zone right here, what kind of caused this big down move? One could draw this whole zone right there and say we've been in it for a while, but I think it's too,
uh too big of a zone to do that with and then on the four hour i don't really see a clear um zone either i'm not going to use this or this again it's too big of a zone um and then i go to the one hour and kind of dissect a little more and i say what's that last up move before we really took structure so i'm kind of tracing the order flow price took liquidity here so we know there's some demand in this candle right here so price kind of pushed back up
pushed down into it, halted, and then blasted through it. So I know that there was some kind of involvement in this candle. So I think that's the higher value zone. Also, everybody that's trying to short AU through here, here, and here, if this gets taken out, everybody's getting taken out, right? Because we had that big down push and everybody wants to get short and kind of catch the move and then they get taken out here, here, all these pushes up.
The ideal zone for AU would be up in that buy-to-sell area right there. But after that, I would look for more shorts. So what's the gold? Let's look at gold. Oh, damn, the Discord chat bumping as far as not the chat, but the amount of people in here. So let me go back through some of these chat rooms because I don't want to miss anything. I don't see anything yet. Cool.
DXY is another card I haven't looked at at all. Give, give, give the FPG, please. I've been waiting for this shit for fucking, I think actually two weeks now.
So not much has changed here. We've just been consolidating this weekly fair value gap and monthly order block has my attention. We've been talking about this for a while. It's been playing with our emotions, but I think we're going to be getting this soon. So at that point, I really want to evaluate price action on the dollar because if we do start to get higher time frame bullish displacement, I think that's going to be parties over. But I'm not necessarily expecting that.
I'm trying not to predict and react more, but I do see the value in this level. Monthly order block, weekly fair value gap. If we look at the monthly, I've got this monthly order block, the most recent one, not touching this one. And then if we're looking at a 12-month chart, to me, if I showed you this chart and didn't tell you what it was,
Let me do this to this because I want to be able to draw on it. We'll go to USDX. So you can't use this one. Is there more than one? I don't think there's another one. Well, I wanted to show you guys. I'll just go back to this one and show you. So if I'm looking at this and you look at this right here, we have that push above this high.
right and um trade back down in this fair value gap this is on the yearly chart each one of these candles a year um trade back down here and expand that rapidly off of it i mean yes we did tap in this this order block but we've got these relatively equal highs you know this would be something i would want to trade into these highs again um it's using a yearly chart but uh
Dollars to sum it up got the dollars at a pretty pivotal point You know once we come down here if we do start to get that bullish price action up I would be looking for every bit of 120 if we don't get any reaction here Then you know the bulls may have some room to have some fun down into this monthly fair value gap That that would be massive for markets Gold what's the decade chart looking like probably not much?
What is that, 120 months? Yeah, there's nothing. Let's see, 100 months. 108 months. 90 months? 50 months. Six months, okay. Let's see. I don't think it'll let us do much more than a year. Yeah. Oops.
Let's look at gold It's pretty sad I only use monthly for entry Hold on I bet if you're saying so I don't have my headset on. Wait, do you say something? Yeah, it's a too bad man. I used I wanted to use those charts that monthly for entry tied us all right fuck
Use the monthly MSS model. I mean, you could. I mean, you can use just a daily chart even. You know, like, it'd be, you know, take a lot of patience, but probably less stressful for a lot of people. Gold's another chart where it's just been, this is one that's been pretty wild lately. So I'm just gonna, there's a monthly volume imbalance right here that I haven't really paid much attention to, traded into the other day. So,
I mean, it's just, you know, I've been wanting a gold retrace for a minute. Came above those highs, tapped in that monthly volume imbalance. Weekly, I'm not really seeing, this is kind of like a janky bit of price action on the weekly right there. I don't see anything super clear. You know, in the four hour, to me, you know, we took this buy side. This is a pretty interesting leg in price right here, reacting to that.
So overall, the most recent pretty clear displacement was this right here on the 4-hour. I came up, took out those lows, but again, we got a closure, but we kind of just accumulated right there and pushed back up, ranged a little bit. Now I took the high, but a pretty ugly reaction off of it, but not very convincing that we're just going to reverse from there. So also came back into this weekly opening gap, volume imbalance right there, and pushed off of it pretty nice.
You know, to me, I think we're probably going to go up to this high at 1840 on GC. If you're using XAU charts, it's going to be a little different for you, but I like that high as a draw. I don't know if I would be actively trading into it just because, you know, you're at so many monthly levels. You know, this is why I like to kind of shift around what I'm watching, but...
If you do get a closure up above this, you know, then I would look for more longs until then for me, it's It's kind of Effie So it's one where you know, I'm looking at it and I see it But it's not the most surefire setup on my watch list But if I had to pick I would say prime moving higher
Because if you look, I mean, we're taking out the low into the higher time frame POI, and then we get a nice shift. Took a while, but a nice shift over here. It's an ugly-ass price action on a 15-minute, for me at least.
And then you look, this is why I like using wicks, because look, we had that, what is the down move that caused that move? So down move right there on the one hour, and this is using all the wicks, like we came up, closed above it, of these candles right there, tap right back into this buy zone. And as a one hour fair value gap. Same thing here. What was the down move that caused this break up? This down move right there, that candle, that pivot to this pivot. And look what happened. Closed above it there, tap back into it right there.
That's not you know, we didn't tap into the body
We didn't tap into a fair value gap or anything. We don't have one to tap into. But that's kind of why I like using those because one thing that I think that a lot of people have to understand, and this is something that a lot of smart money concepts traders have problems with, is you don't have to be the most surgically precise, laser precise person to make a lot of money. You don't, right? There are a lot of traders out here that are making 2R.
trades that are making more money over time and more returns than a lot of people you see posting 50, 60R trades for numerous obvious reasons. And I think that a lot of people kind of get sucked up into the idea that every trade has to be 10R, which is just not real. It's just not real. It's just not. I don't know anybody who's actually trading real money that is consistently every single trade netting 10R.
you know, I'm sure there's someone out there, but I don't, I haven't met him.
But you're going to get those trades sometimes. I'm not saying you won't. I just targeted 12 bar on a trade yesterday, but you don't have to be that surgically precise. For instance, if you're a trader that trades setups like this, hypothetically, if this is not your setup, just play along for a second. Let's say if your buy zone was this candle, this was your order block.
And you just, this is all you were willing to trade. And you know, you saw multiple trades go away without you. But yet they were tapping this candle.
and you saw, let's say you take 10 trades, five of them ran away from you, three of them were losers, and two of them were winners, right? And if you would have taken the other five, let's say maybe two or three of those would have hit full TP. Now, if you have a set of 10 trades where you don't take trades on half of them, but those would have had a winning, overall profitable,
result, maybe not a high win rate, but whatever, if your risk reward was high enough, or maybe your win rate was high enough to where those five trades, if you added them in to the five trades you actually took, would you have made more money taking those trades?
You know, it's not about what I have sniped the bottom and, you know, because a lot of people would mistake this for being patient. And there's a fine line between being patient and too picky or too hesitant. Right. So hopefully that makes sense. But I think a lot of people that trade ICT that are new to it or, you know, people that are trying to impress other people or even impress themselves sometimes, because, you know, let's face it, it is fun to snipe, you know, bottom ticks and all that kind of stuff and have.
super tight risk to reward. But I think a lot of people, especially whenever they're in their demo trading stage, they lose sight of the actual goal, which is to have a profitable stream of income. So if you're missing a lot of business opportunities because you're too picky about X, Y, and Z, and you're noticing like, this is causing me to lose out on potential money, then you got to change your plan. And there's a fine line of doing that correctly and over trading and chasing trades.
I don't think that people that don't have effective, I guess, I would say more people that aren't emotionally sound when they trade are going to have a hard time determining, you know, when to change your plan. And it comes with time. But, you know, I've done that. You know, I might say, OK, well, I was only trading. We talked a little bit earlier when I was talking about one minute entries. You know, if I only trade.
Let's say if I only will trade the top order block or something. Instead of just trading on the...
sell right here, you know, instead of taking this and just, uh, or trading, I'm sorry, taking a sale on the market or on the close and just market entering. And let's say if you have, you know, you only take this and it's like, you know, yeah, I get 13 hour trade. Um, and let's say that setup only happens four or five times a month and you're trying to pass funding challenges. And on top of that, that four or five times a month, you know, two of those happen in London session. And
Maybe you're an old trade lender. Maybe it was a day that you had to go do something else. A lot of times a trader who is confident in the system and the overall narrative playing out that takes this trade, yeah, sure, it's not going to be as pretty or whatever, but they're going to make more money. It just takes the... You got to be unbiased and...
work with reason because a lot of people forget you know they're in it more for appearance than they are profits and that's a huge huge thing that i see happening and the whole smc twitter community and a lot of discords as people you know they don't even look at it you can tell who's trading live and who's not a lot of the time because um you know people are more worried about getting super high risk reward or
you know, kind of posting that chart that looks like, you know, tiny stop loss and like this. It's just, you know, if that was real, people, those people would be fucking millionaires. If you could hit 50 R a day, like, let's just see.
If you hit 50 R a day, let's just say you started with like 5,000 bucks and you hit 50 R a day, right? Or let's not say 50 R, 50 R a week because some people say that or even like 20 R a week, right? I saw this. It's funny. I saw this. Let's do this.
You know like look okay, so let's all these people that are saying they're hitting that it's like I mean, maybe some are oh I You know kudos to you, but it's just like I don't know but I saw something recently it was like a youtuber said that he would give out 5k to
Any trader that could can they could get 20 are a month or I'm sorry 20 are a week for three months and the comments were all like, oh dude, I could do that easy It's like bro. If you could do that, you probably wouldn't be like You'd probably in Tahiti. Like what are you talking? It's just crazy the shit I see sometimes so I'm done ranting but uh Just sharing that with you guys
Hey, Casper, what's your win rate for Forex? You know, I haven't really kept all of my stats just for Forex, but I would say with the 4-hour and 15-minute strategy, I'd say it's probably just under 50%, if I had to guess. It's probably similar to crypto, because I know when I was trading on Binance heavily, it was around 40% to 50% pretty consistently. And that was before crypto completely nosedived off a cliff. The last trade I took on Forex, let me see.
Think it was a UJ so I got stopped on
Yeah, it was UJ. And that was on the 21st. That was the last time. I don't really heavily trade Forex though. I like it. I was getting a little bit more into it. I'm just watching some of these pairs, but I started catching myself trying to watch too much at one time. And I think what suits me best is having pairs that I swing trade or at least short-term trade and watching like a four hour and a 15 minute.
And then I have my pairs that I day trade which indices is where my heart so I just I've been doing it for a while this is definitely my most consistent area and It's what I'm used to so I like I like trading indices
but If you start watching too much stuff on the lower time frames like using like a 15 minute five minute and one minute You know kind of those intraday charts. I think you start to miss setups You start to diminish your relationship with that chart and like your understanding of that chart Because if you're really watching a chart every day, you know, you're aware of the weekly open You're aware of your bias for the week You're aware of all these higher time frame levels and you've built that story, you know
For me, I perform way higher if I'm focusing on one or two charts. And usually they're both indices than if I'm watching like 15 charts. So I take the same principles that I use for the lower timeframes as far as, you know, the type of entries and the method I use for developing a bias. And then I translate that to a four hour chart for Forex and crypto. So instead of watching, you know, the one hour is my main high timeframe, I'm watching the four hour. Instead of using the five in one minute, I'm using the 15 minute.
So less trades. Um, but, uh, it's kind of nice, kind of nice that way. Cause then I'm able to catch some of those moves. Like, you know, for Aussie dollar, that zone, I'm just not going to watch this zone. If I miss it, I miss it. But, um, if I, you know, I'll get an alert up here. Cool. I'll watch the 15 minute for shift. And, you know, if I can get a trade entry, I'm going to target all the way down here. So.
Same thing with Euro-dollar. That's why I really have a trade. I've been waiting for this. UJ got stopped. I think somewhere down in here. It's like right somewhere in here. Because I wanted to target those lows. And then I realized, you know, you're shorting at the bottom of a range. What are you doing? And that's why I just hands off. So. GJ is another setup similar to UJ that I want to watch. If it makes it up there. Which very well may not. Euro-pound.
Pretty looking pretty crazy with all these highs. Um, is it the same with indices? I'd say it's higher with indices, but I have a way lower risk reward. Like I'll take two our trades or 1.5 our trades on indices. Sometimes the Russell, I've been watching this a little bit more recently because I want to take some of my, um, personal money instead of using just a funded firm and put it in a brokerage account for, I'm in between commodities or trading options, but I'm, I like the way the Russell moves.
If I do commodities, I can trade futures as well. So Honestly, this down candle right here looks super nice Equal lows right under it. And also that's now nevermind. I thought that was a different time So get crypto having open a crypto chart
So not much has changed since I drew this right before Christmas. Overall, I'd like to see a push into this low and then a move up into this area. That would be the Bitcoin thing to do, max manipulation. Until I get that, I probably won't really be watching Bitcoin. Or if we don't get this low taken and we get a push up into this zone, I would still look for shorts. But overall...
I like these lows down here. ETH, I got an alert on. Check out Cardano, Ethereum, and Matic. Okay, cool. So ETH, I talked about this for a while now. You can see where I drew this behind it. So we can see we moved down to this four-hour zone. I got the alert, but we haven't got a sweep. So I'm actually going to go ahead and set another alert.
If we can get a sweep and then a break a structure out of this zone, then I would look to long Ethereum. Overall target would be just this high right here. But probably I'd actually go for the line for just these right here. So the reason being is we came down.
Took liquidity again right there and then took a high so that indicates this is going to be a valuable area We also had a sweep into the zone with these lows getting taken now that we've got one tap into the zone I want another step and then a shift similar to this right here and just like we had over here way to tap down into a zone Sweep break a structure. So again tap sweep break a structure at that point. I'll look to frame longs into these highs
I do think it has a chance of going higher into, was it a four hour or a one hour? No, no, it's right here. So this breaker block right here. And then also I've got this pretty big fair value gap. Buy side liquidity resting out of this high. And then there's a four hour order block here as well. So there's a lot of levels up here towards this 1250 zone that I would like to see Ethereum at before I want to sell it. But I'm liking Ethereum better than Bitcoin right now. It's just overall quality of price action.
Cardano. Jesus Christ. Shit looks dead. Is it a monthly? Or a day? Oh, is this daily sell to buy range? So to me, again, this is another example of using this whole range instead of just one candle. Because I look, again, you know, smart money was, if you're bullish at this point.
You're just like we had this push down into this zone because we had push up this whole move down Sponsored this push up this whole move down sponsors sponsored this push up Now while we did close above it and then tap down into it and then push up You know kind of trading So it's like watch and this is gonna be again It's just the whole idea that if we're bullish smart money is involved on these down moves That's where smart money is buying. So we push up push down
expansion so if you're looking at these two candles
and we have, you know, if you're just visualizing what's actually happening, you'll push up and then you have a wick. That's a push down, just like we have right here, but you're just viewing it from a different timeframe. So we have a push up, push down, which is this right here, that wick, and then a push up. Guess what price trades back into right into that buy to sell, I'm sorry, sell to buy range. Same thing right here. Push up, push down, expansion, and then guess what price tapped into right there. Now, if you go to four hour,
It's going to be an order block or maybe a one hour, but that's kind of how you can track order flow, so to speak, and just watch where, you know, where, follow the money, so to speak. So in this example, Cardano, I'm just going to draw a line to save time.
so that's where i think we're drawing towards that 2294 so that i would say that's your first stop so to speak that's also that weekly fair value gap so i would be bearish on cardano until then now if i was trying to trade it i'd probably be trading the four hour um i like this fair value gap right here and we got liquidity right in front of it so you may not get that but that's where i would look to trade
Also, it's probably going to be the optimal trade entry right at the beginning of it. So if I was looking to trade this, I would wait for cells and then I would target that 2294. If we take out the 2294, then I'm going to look for the four hour to go bullish. But other than that, I'm not really interested in it. And, you know, it's picky. You may not get setups, but I think that's the best way to be right now with crypto, especially altcoins. Is there some news or something? Cody, okay.
So, you know, that's just the way that I'm trading crypto right now. So like, for instance, if I'm looking at this right here, and this is a 15 minute on ES, I'm waiting to trade up here. Or, you know, if I'm going to day trade it, I might try to look for longs as soon as I get that bullish internal structure, because that's what I'm using for that pair, because I'm day trading it. But if I'm not day trading Cardano, I'm going to use the same principles, but just translate that into the higher timeframes. You don't want to just get burnt up in these ranges.
Once you get a sweep then a displacement but not breaking structure will I still take the trade no so The only way I do so like that is using SMT with indices on low time frames, but you know to me The tap sheep tap sweep and shift Is what I need to trade based off this model and this is something I back tested With euro dollar and with Bitcoin
I need it still. I've been saying I'm going to make a 4X replay video forever, but...
I need to get on that because I think you guys should, especially a lot of you guys who are having trouble holding trades or executing, or if you take some losses in a row and then you're scared to trade, I think that it could benefit you guys immensely if you were to just take some time, collect some data, and say, hey, okay, I know this works. It's going to provide you with the confidence you need to execute.
So we'll look at Matic, and then I'm going to hop off here, unless there's other XRP sub stacks. So we'll do Matic and then XRP, and then hop off. So I took that low right there, those equal lows. No move above these highs, so I would say lower for Matic, unless you get a sharp push up after clearing this. But I would say overall draw is right here.
Again, it's not really the kind of setups I'm looking to trade. I think there's a daily unbalanced price range here from there and this imbalance right here. Closer to optimal trade entry. So for me, in order to see buys, I want to get a closure above this line right here.
Or if we take out this low, you know, whatever high, the most recent high, like for instance, if we just went down right there, I would want to see a closure above that to then take buys up into the equal highs. But if we don't get that, then I'm chilling because I'm not going to try to take sales here. In order for me to take sales, I want to come back up in this blue zone. So waiting game with Matic as well for me.
um again the idea is just not to get burnt out because let's just look if you're just trading this this is since yeah it's the 29th if you just trade it in this zone right after we took that those lows
That's nine days. To me, this doesn't really seem like, you know, much value. There's not really, you know, there's one good move, really. I mean, I get it. If you're on the lower timeframes, you're able to catch moves. So don't, I understand that, believe me. But to me, it's just, you know, I like using the higher timeframes to time those moves. So I just don't see any big opportunities on this specific chart.
And also hope you're doing well to sub stacks. Sorry. I just saw check out XRP. It's all my brain saw I didn't mean to to ignore the other part of the message. Um XRP dang it actually kind of played out nicely. So I originally watched this zone right here
And after we took out that high, traded back into, and this will be a good example for those confused on what I mean when I'm watching these zones. So we created a four hour zone by taking this after sweeping liquidity. So go back to a 15 minute.
I remember now this is why I didn't take this we talked about this actually my brain was so we got a tap We didn't come down and sweep that low now You know price did end up coming up and taking out this high I would have looked at this really is your most recent high
Before this low was made. Oh, actually, no, no. I'm sorry. Apologies. This would have been right here So if you look price tapped, we didn't get a sweep. So for me, no trade. Does that mean there's not a trade? As we can see, that's not always the case, but just doesn't fit my model So we close up above that high you could have used this range as you are dealing range so to speak and just look for a Area at a
discount or equilibrium. Um, if we look, this is pretty choppy and the last up or last down candle would have been this right here. And it's, that was actually the nice entry. Can't say I would have taken that even if I would have gotten a sweep and had this kind of price action, you know, you would, I would have probably had my eyes more on this. Um, but push up into that high. So overall nice price action, um, out of that zone.
But for me, I didn't get a trade. Now, if I'm looking here, I'm going daily. I think the overall draw is going to be those lows at 31.2, if not lower, but that's the most clear draw I see. And if we look at this daily, the last little buy to sell range, which is a pretty massive range, we did get this shift inside that.
Gotta push down and it's not really the most ideal zone for me. So I'm gonna wait. Yeah, this could be going down to the lows but
If you are watching XRP, I would watch price action in this zone, that little four-hour candle. I'm still going to keep my eyes peeled for this up here if we get that. We'll see. So I'm going to wait and be patient. But if you're an avid XRP trader, I would watch this 355 to 3596. If you get maybe a lower time frame entry model there, these lows would be a nice target. Obviously, liquidity in the range.
Can I show what zones I was watching on ETH? Yeah, sure. I got you
And I'm going to hop off of here. So on ETH, I want to get this low we just made. This was yesterday. Yeah, yesterday. I want to see that taken out and then watch the 15 minute for a displacement breaker structure up. Now, if we get that, then I'll look to long up into these highs. If we don't get that, I'll be a miss or until we get back above these highs into this zone. And that's where I'll look to short. So we're in the four hour candle.
We tapped it once, but I want to tap it again. So that right there, this kind of price action will trigger a long for me. But until then, chilling. Happy to be back. Appreciate you guys coming through for the stream. And I would chop up, but I got to go, bro. Should have hopped in earlier. But we're going to have another stream tomorrow.
I'm going to go over a couple of different trade setups and just things to watch out for. So I don't think there'll be much live action to watch. It's going to be New Year's weekend. So we'll go over that tomorrow. I'm going to be uploading a video later today and then private class for the Discord on Saturday. And if you want to get a free trial to that, you can use code CASPER. Actually, until the first, use code FREE, all caps, and you get a free month to the Discord.
Yeah, I think that's it. If you guys have any questions, you guys know how to get at me. And until tomorrow, I'll see you later. Peace.
