i'm currently up 37 000 on this trade and i'm about to break down the strategy i used to catch it in three simple steps so step number one we're going to always start on our four hour chart and you're going to start by marking out a fair value gap now for those of you who don't know a fair value gap is simply a very expansive candle that leaves a gap between the candle before it so you see this candle's wick there's a big gap caused by this big candle
between that wick and this wick right here. So that zone is a fair value gap. So that is step one. We're gonna use four hour fair value gaps for our key level in this strategy. Now, step number two is going to help you tremendously avoid losing trades. And for step number two, we're gonna go down to our 15 minute chart. And once we are on the 15 minute chart, we're gonna look for a very, very specific type of behavior to make sure that we avoid these losing trades. Now, a lot of people, whenever the market comes back into the fair value gap,
the first thing they want to do for is what they want to look for a market structure shift that's what everybody tells you it's like the ict model everybody just looks for market structure but if you haven't figured out already it doesn't work like that so as you can see right here we had what a market structure shift what happened it ends up failing over here what happened we had a market structure shift right here ends up failing and this is why you guys are unprofitable because you start using these strategies that just simply don't work so what we want to focus on
is we want to see a fake out so when i say a fake out i mean not just like retail traders a lot of ict guys say you know they're on the on the side of the markets that don't get faked out but if you actually look at a lot of ict strategies they get faked out a lot because right here we have all this liquidity right there's tons of ict traders trading ifvgs market structure shifts and they don't understand the context we want to wait for not only our level but we want to wait for a fake out before our entry so
How do we determine a fake out? Well, this is very simple. You need to have some kind of liquidity ran into your key level. Notice right here, we had our stops ran on the sell side, meaning all of these lows were taken out. So that means step number one and step number two are taken care of. And now we are at step number three, which is how we find our entry.
so after you get that fake out into the fair value gap what we're going to look at is the last leg of structure that traded into this liquidity because we know that since this fair value gap is on a higher time frame and we're on a lower time frame we know this is likely to be a fake out but we still want to wait for a confirmation to determine that so the way that i like to read structure is very simple it's just swing point to swing point so if you notice right here we have a swing point meaning that candle's wick is higher than either candle on side of it and then down here
we have another candle that has a wick that is lower than either on side of it so that's a swing point now in this example right here we can see that there is a couple fair value gaps and a lot of people want to just trade the first fair value gap inversion and on this example it inverted both in the first candle but sometimes that won't happen so what you want to do is mark out all the fair value gaps in that down leg and once we come back up and close through those that is your trade confirmation and you can put your stop loss here but
The target and the way that you're going to exit this trade is the most important part. And this is where most traders mess up because they just target, you know, some
because they don't know how to hold onto their winning trades. And this is the reason a lot of you guys are unprofitable. It's not because you don't know how to trade or don't know how to find trades. It's you don't know how to get the most out of trades. Now, in this example, I got a little bit better of an entry. I didn't wait for the full inversion because I was very confident. The way this candle was moving, it was going to invert. Now I've been trading for nine years. So sometimes I'm going to use a little discretion. If you're a beginner, I don't recommend you do that. Either way, even if you waited.
for this to be your entry you still would have got great risk to reward using the targeting method we're going to go over so for targeting we're going to go back to the four hour chart and that's our higher time frame notice we just use the four hour and the 15 minute you're not using a bunch of different time frames um over complicating things like a lot of people do doing top-down analysis it's just not necessary because all trading really is guys when it comes down to it trading is key levels
and confirmations, okay? That's all trading is. Whether you're a support and resistance trader, an ICT trader, it does not matter. This is all you're doing. All of your analysis comes to these two things. So we've got our key level and we've got our confirmation. You just need two timeframes for that. Now, the way we're gonna look for our take profit is we're gonna go in the four hour and we're gonna look for any opposing liquidity, meaning any obvious areas, swing points, or places that if people were on the other side of the market, where would their stops be? Now, in this example, it was pretty simple because as you can see,
There was a lot of equal highs right here. But notice how the markets ran way past that, and I'm still in the trade. Why is that?
And this is what's going to change your trading probably more than anything that you will ever see on YouTube. And a lot of you beginners don't realize how much of a gem this is. And that's why I kind of leave these things a little bit more out of the basic YouTube videos, because a lot of times, guys, when you're just starting, the first thing you need to focus on is simply just finding a process that you can grasp onto and staying consistent with it. Now, whenever you get to the point where you're a little more advanced and you want to start scaling up your trading, you can start to add in these kinds of things like what I'm about to show you right now.
once we hit the target okay once we hit our target we want to watch closely now if the candle on the four hour hits our target and it closes above it
At that time, you want to go ahead and move your stops under that candle. Now, if it didn't close above it, I would have just exited the trade. Does this maybe sacrifice a little risk to reward sometimes? Yeah, because two things can happen. Let's say if it didn't close above it and it retraced a little bit, that's fine. It's going to happen every once in a while. Let's say if the market would have just came down and stopped me out. Sure, that's fine too. But look at how much of a difference it's made simply from holding. I went from a...
nine to one restored, which is still pretty ridiculous. I'm not going to sit here and tell you guys, this is going to happen all the time. Um, but, and I guess the least I could realize is an eight, eight and a quarter roughly, but this went all the way to almost a 14 to one where it's sitting. Okay. Now I'm going to move my stops up again, most likely depending on how this day closes out, but I want you guys to go look at your data. And if you're not tracking your data, you should, I guarantee if you were able to add your average realized risk to reward,
not just your risk to reward, what you set on your position to like what you're actually realizing your average win versus your average loss. If you can figure out ways to increase that average win, you guys can 100% have much more of a lift in that part of your trading than anything of adding a new strategy or some complex system or any of these ridiculous words that get thrown around in the trading community. There's like a new name for something every day. But these are the kinds of things I want you guys to focus on because
i know that if i can give you guys value and you guys can really take this stuff and actually go out and implement it it may not be as sexy or as stupid simple sometimes i mean i think this is pretty simple to be fair but this is what's really going to take you to the next level guys so i like to call that price weighting this is just something that i realized worked very well after a long time trading and just looking at data the way i came up with it was simply looking at how many trades that i took that ended up going without me
And I came up with this strategy to just, you know, I could do this in the one minute too. You could put this, you know, if your one minute hits into a level, you could trail up your stops. Now I like to trail up my stops again, especially if we create a fair value gap. I'm likely going to trail up my stops up under this swing point here, or even maybe this candle. Because we are upcoming to this level right here. And gold is, you know, been fucking rallying. The one thing I will say though, is dollar is also moving to the upside. So it's interesting. That's why I'm starting to get a little bit more.
um you know aggressive with trailing stops if you guys want a little bit of an outlook on nasdaq i personally think we're going to go down to this level um we might have some kind of bounce and consolidation here but i do think we're going to go down to this 22.775 um this is what i've been calling as well in the free discord i'll leave a link in the description if you guys want to join that but you know we had smt meaning uh es hit the high it's all-time high nq did not right so anytime i see that
we don't get an immediate um push the upside like if es would have stayed above all-time high and been bullish i would say nq is likely to go there but that didn't happen right so um to me this looks you know pretty bearish i mean i've been i don't want to act like i just said this either i said that this was going to happen before like um at the start of this week i said that we're likely going to move to the downside and that's what happened so i would say next stop um did we hit this level today i haven't even been watching
uh we did so i would say you know we have the chance to possibly retrace up into this fair value gap maybe even higher so i'll just be playing it day by day like you know if we hit into this fair value gap and you start to see sweeps of previous sessions high or maybe a bearish first candle rule or maybe the strategy we just went over to today that's where you can start to frame entries to possibly catch a big move to the downside
Otherwise, if we hit this level and don't get that, we just chop. There might be something you want to just sit away from and wait for clear direction. I'll post more updated outlooks in the free community. And yeah, guys, let me know if you guys like these kind of videos. I know that last video I made, you guys absolutely loved it. At least the comments seem like it didn't go like viral. You know, I don't give a shit. I've been doing this YouTube thing for a long time. At the end of the day, like I'm getting the point now, I just want to create like, yeah, some viral videos, but.
also stuff that i know i would have really fucking appreciated if i was going through that like boom and bust cycle like these videos are more for those of you guys who are really into this okay i'm really serious about this really want to do every last thing you can to optimize your trading and just know if somebody as fucked up as me you guys a lot of you guys know my past i made a lot of bad decisions in life had a lot of troubles i got in trouble legally um for drugs and all sorts of stuff and i was unprofitable for five years so just know if somebody like me can do it
I firmly believe that any of you guys can do it. And I'm rooting for you guys from afar. If you're new to the channel, welcome. It's an interesting video to be watching for the first time, seeing me, subscribe. And if you guys are OGs, leave a comment and I'll see you guys in the next one. See you guys in the next one. I'm just going to leave that blooper in because why not?
