What's up? What's up? What's good? Wait a second. A couple more people get in here.
Yeah, so with AVAX, I was kind of just, I was watching it, and I still like the old entry because really when you kind of like dissect it, I mean, it doesn't even matter what time frame you're on. With Choches, it's just easier to see them on some. Like, for instance, we had like a low, high, new low right there, and then our old high was cleared. So this one's kind of odd because it's like...
That's a choach up there for sure, 100%. And with a lot of these changes of character, oftentimes we'll see price return all the way up to the overhead supply at the top of the swing at the higher high, or I'm sorry, lower high.
Because remember, we always play these changes of character after we've tapped into other mitigation, like supply or demand. So tapping the mitigation right off of it, you see a change of character immediately. And remember, for the change of character, you have to have this structure. You cannot just have a link. I got you in one second. But so like you have this high. Here you go. Normal structure. Did that new high or high, but did not make a high or low.
So, you know, after that, that's your choch right there. Like structurally, that's it. It doesn't have to like look perfect or this and that. But, you know, when we look at this mitigation zone here, and we also have this mitigation zone down below. Now, while this did get tapped, it's what I usually look for. If I'm going from one hour mitigation, which was up here to a five minute change of character, I'll usually look.
If I get the five-minute change of character, I'm comfortable playing limits off of the top mitigation, but I will set alerts here if there is another mitigation zone because, I mean, you could say it was the last candle, however you want to draw it, but definitely we obviously saw a reaction there, and we actually saw a change of character. And whenever you're using these timeframes to try and confirm these changes of character, you can...
Scale in so for instance from the five minute I go from the one hour five minute change of character use five minute supply from that You call it a BOS to the downside down here as well You could say that this was the change of character. I think I know where was it? Yeah on a 15 minute Was a change of character right there and then we have this five minute mitigation zone So once price reaches back up there we can watch the five minute or the one minute
for a confirmation. Whether you watch the one minute, that's what I got us in on originally. So right, where was it? And then we came in here. And if you look, we had this change of character down here. So whenever you're coming back down from this first rejection, we had our change of character. So now we're in a downtrend. We're going to have these, we have a new low.
New high, new low, high, low, high, and so on. Actually, we got here. And then you got that change of character to the bullish side. And where were you headed? Just back up to supply. It wasn't anything major. It looks like you hit equilibrium of this order block over here. But once we saw a rejection from this zone once again, because we have supply up here. I think it was on a five minute. Yeah. Oops.
bigger candle right here we saw rejection another one minute change of character because remember here once we came down here we made a new high low high
Right here. So we cleared. It's the same thing. And this is why it gets difficult for people to see when they're kind of newer to this. And it's even difficult for me sometimes. It is just kind of an advanced technique that takes some practice and just not overthinking. So when you make this new expansion, you have expansion. You don't really make a lower low. And I'm talking on a one candle basis. Like this price swing is pushing. Not right here. This didn't make a lower low. You come up here and then what?
So that's going to be a high. So new low. So then you come up and you make your new high. Again. So right here, you add another change of character. And then I watch for price to come into. Because this is going to be your supply right here. This candle.
Let me see. Reaction. And you can continuously do this technique over and over again, but it gets to the point where, you know, I mean, like, are you confirming, confirming, and confirming, which it's not bad to do that, but sometimes you'll just wait until the price isn't even at a good risk to reward anymore. With this particular setup, I'll be trimming pretty heavily if we hit these TPs, just because I do still see a better entry, if possible, up here, but we did start to shift market structure once we reached.
the uh mitigation for the 15 minute change of character so i did want to go over that um with you guys let's take a look at bitcoin that was the same reason why i moved this these bitcoin limits down um because once you start to see this bitcoin was really fucking crazy today like a lot of people got stopped out and were playing it correctly is the thing like this right here was just such just manipulation that it made me almost um
I don't even want to trade whenever I woke up. I was looking at stuff. Hold on a second. So now whenever we're looking at Bitcoin, I know if you guys on the server, you guys already saw the sentiment. But really on the daily, we push below these equal lows if you're using candle closes. These candle closes here and then also these wick lows. We price traded below. Let me go to a different.
a chart it's not all marked up but price traded below i can find my arrow tool and link i know i'm gonna do link in one second nick i haven't forgot i just want to go over this first so we swept these lows right here and at that point why is the low swept oh what the hold on oh i know why because it's saying it's invisible in this time frame
I had this problem the other day and I was like, dude, what's going on? It's like making my tools disappear. So we had those equal lows swept. When you look at the current price swing we're in, and I'm not talking about the entire range, really just this new high to this low. So we have a low here.
And this is your high, really, these local, very local ranges right here. So we're in discount here. We were farther in discount this morning whenever I released a sentiment. So, you know, I was kind of wanting to look for some longs potentially, specifically off this one-hour change of character. So it's the same thing, right? We're down into an area of liquidity. And you can use a change of character with liquidity.
I found it's better with mitigation. I mean, I guess you could say this is demand if you wanted to. It's already been tapped multiple times, so I wouldn't really worry about it. But we did come under these equal lows, so there's going to be a lot of liquidity. You could look for a reversal. With everything, we always need more confirmation. And if you look here, so with Bitcoin, we had low.
So it's important to just kind of map this out because a lot of people really mess up swing structure is what I've noticed working with people is that tons of people have no idea how to properly label highs and lows. But from here, we start to change character right there. That's where we shift to a downtrend. So now anytime we make a higher high, it's a change of character to the upside.
So we came down and really tapped those equal lows, got a little bit of a scam pump. This is where we got some more shorts over the weekend. For those of you who are in the Discord, we fucking killed it with SKL. And I think there was another one. I can't remember. But after that mitigation, we are clear to come down and test these range lows, clear up that liquidity. And we did just that. After this, so now we have our new high, low, new high, low, new high.
Notice, we gotta change the character.
So, you know, when we look at whether you look at this wick or this candle close, it's really the same price swing that did it, which is going to come back down to this mitigation right here. It's one hour's demand right there on that order block. So, you know, you could have kind of a bullish case there, I guess. But this is how you can get tricked and get screwed trying to long stuff whenever you're forgetting the.
high time frame narrative. And this is why I always stress how important it is to stay mindful of the bigger picture. When we look at this higher time frame narrative, yes, we're starting to become in discount. I get it. Let me draw this actually the way I've been drawing it, which was these highs up here. I'm using these range highs that sent us the strong low and strong high. If you look, I mean, this is clearly, in my opinion, until we start to get higher highs on the daily, we're in redistribution.
This was where kind of did it for me. And those of you guys who've been in the discord, we took shorts, I think from like 47, 170. So we kind of sniped the top there. I know most of you guys aren't holding them. We've hit Bitcoin a couple of times since then, but that was really kind of what confirmed redistribution in my opinion. Yes, we left some buy side liquidity above, but.
To be dead honest, I don't see that getting tapped for a while with all the macroeconomic factors at play. And now we've came down and we've swept the equal lows if you use candles and if you're talking about these lows right here. There's still a ton of liquidity just in these major lows here. And in all honesty, if you're looking at redistribution and, okay, here's your range. How can I extend this?
So this is really your trading range right here.
This is your strong high, it's your strong low. Whenever you use internal range liquidity, because we formed a low, came back up, we played the return to origin of the expansion of this move, which was also right at equilibrium, right at fair market value of the previous trading range, reacted with heavy displacement in the market. It's obvious that smart money entered or exited positions in this area.
What that would lead me to believe is I would look for the range lows.
from a swing perspective. Does that mean we won't get any opportunities for longs? Not necessarily, but does it mean that longs are going to be a little harder to take? And also, you must take profits aggressively whenever you're trying to trade against the high timeframe narrative. And that's why any of you guys who have been trading with me have seen the longs are cool if they hit. Sometimes they don't, but the shorts are...
giving us that same reaction that you want when you take a trade, heavy displacement from your level of entry. You get that pump, but it's not a pump. So that just tells me that supply is heavily in control of the market. And you can see this same redistribution schematic over and over again. For instance, if we draw this right here, let's do a bar pattern. I'm just curious. So if we have this bar pattern in the daily,
You go into the one hour You can see that the let's do like a maybe a two hour. He's gonna really use this time frame Point of the story is you can see the resemblance. I'm here. I hope you can I can definitely see it Yes, it doesn't lay right on top of it, but you have this drop base drop Then it looks like accumulation But what happens we just hit back up into supply and have a heavy reaction And then if you take this same schematic and you put it right here
We're starting to actually do this. We're starting to mirror the same price action. And while it's not going to be exactly the same every time, the takeaway from it is not to look for price to completely follow that path perfectly, but it's to understand that we are maintaining bearish price structure. So, you know, although.
We have reached below these equal lows. We are in discount of the recent price swing and of the whole price range, the larger price range, which would lead me to look for buys, but they would end up buys to sells if we did take buys. And even then, I'm not going to lie, it doesn't look too great where we're at here. It just looks like more redistribution to me. So the same thing, supply mitigation.
Confirmation of a shift in trend, which would lead you to target range lows down here. Which I think would be better for longs because once we get under all of these lows, you probably will see some more of a relief bounce. And I guarantee there's going to be some kind of mitigation zone somewhere in here. You can probably find it very easily. There you go. I would probably target like 50% of this candle, which is like 36,900 or something it looks like.
No, 36K. So somewhere around there. We'll revisit the chart and maybe try to find levels later on. But yeah, we'll see. On the one hour, like I was talking about earlier in this post, I could see this demand zone being something. We just need more confirmation. Once price reaches that level, we'll keep an eye on it and see how we react and if we can shift trend on the...
Probably the five minute is where I'd look. When I use a one hour supplier demand, I use five minute for confirmation. Four hour, I use 15 minute. And that's not totally linear. It kind of can change. It just depends on market structure. Sometimes I use the one minute, but that kind of depends on your style.
So that's really it with Bitcoin. I'll just go over that. And then also Link. I know that you asked for Link. I haven't looked at Link in a while, to be honest. Should I clean my whole chart? Let's go weekly. So we are in weekly demand here. You're under an old low on the daily, which is also good.
um you know here i would not be touching it just yet but you know you could look and say i don't know that's not the best price structure i won't lie to you um yeah it looks more just like maybe even redistribution under this low so yeah you get these you hit supply lower high lower high lower high lower high and this is probably going to come sweep all these early stops right here and right down there below
So, not looking too great in my opinion. I mean, heavy reaction right off that level. Not really a bullish indication right there. If you look here.
I mean, you're about to get that change of character. If anything, if you can break below this low right here, I would look for prior return maybe to up here if you're lucky. ENS, yeah, I got you. Actually, I think that PopPop put the same limits that I was looking at personally. When Playboy was talking about it, I was like, all right, fuck it. Might as well set some limits.
But yeah, with link, I would be probably looking for, I mean, you could even go deeper and look at the one minute and see if, since this is off low timeframe, demand or supply, we're on the 15 minute, you can use the one minute here. And, you know, you've got your low, high, low. There was your change of character. Order block is going to probably be on the one minute as we...
saw earlier with a couple different plays like Wren kind of left us behind I've started to use these bigger candles especially they both have high volume like this if we're on the one minute and then let's see what it looks like in the five minute yeah it's still really the same candle I'd probably just use the five minute supply but at that point you could wait for price to dip through here and look for this right here
But, you know, I've been trying to refine even more and more. And once price gets up here, you know, when it comes down here.
And then you want price to do this number right here, that change of character. Sweeps liquidity above. And you can play that same setup. And that's how you're going to be able to refine your stop loss. For instance, like SKL we took, if you guys took that correctly, you should have made over 10% of your port on that trade just by having a tight stop loss and being able to go in heavier. Because if you're on 10x leverage and you have a 1% stop loss,
Well, that's a 10% of your portfolio position. If that position runs 100%.
you've just made 10% of your portfolio. It's not that crazy to do. It's just, it's important to make sure you're not risking over 1%. A lot of people say 2%, but I mean, 1% is plenty if you're taking good trades, in my opinion. 2% is like degenning. And I've heard people that are like, oh, just 2%. And I'm like, bro, if you rest, I mean, you think about it, if you have five trades, you lose in a day, you just lost 10% of your money.
And everybody has bad days, so I don't really agree with it. But with link here, not looking too great. Not really any super obvious signs of liquidity. And yeah, you're in weekly demand, but I think this was really the move there. And then you see this failed. It's like when you came in, filled this demand up. Let's see.
I mean, you could say this was really a change of character level. And this is on a daily, too, which is weird using this. But it came down to this demand and really didn't do much at all. So it's like...
How much do you really want to play this? I personally wouldn't. Not for longs and also not really for shorts as much because you are down. You've been beaten down so much. When we look on the daily time frame, you've already cleared the range. Link looks like a dead coin at this point.
Jesus, it's fucked up. And yeah, you're just so far in discount of any range you want to draw. Because really this is going to be... You're still forming this new range because you just broke under this previous strong low. So it's like... This one I would just leave to do its thing for a little bit. Also, can I repeat the Choch technique again?
Oh, well, the Bitcoin entry, what is it? You couldn't take? It changed to, neither of them hit, so it didn't matter that the price was changed. But, so the choch, I'll show you, is, so it's pretty fucking drawn up. So, for instance, we had this low, it sponsored a new high. Let me go on a different chart that'll make this easier. How's AVEX doing, actually? I'll check it.
I'm just kind of chilling. Whenever we have a, let's do the five minute. So when we see here, price came up into a mitigation zone, which is a supply zone.
Basically, you got to look at it like you don't want to be trying to find choices during any kind of, you know, one to five minute zones. You want at least a 15 minute or better order block. And to be honest, one hour is the best, in my opinion, one or four hour. So you want to make sure you're in a zone of supply and then you're going to look for a change in character. So a change in character. Can I do an update on Gilmer and FTM? Yeah, sure. So right here, a change in character, we have this low.
a high, a new low, because every time there's a new high, the low before it's confirmed. So you have this price structure. You have a low, higher high, higher low, higher high, and then what? Clear out that low. So now you've made a lower low. So that's a change of character. And you would use the order block.
that sponsored that change of character. Now, if we zoom out on the 15 minute, the change of character happened down here. And this really was your supply and demand zone. Sorry, not supply and demand. This was your supply zone down there.
But in order to play changes of character, you got to understand how to draw supply and demand zones. And also Eska Marie, the Discord server, the link is in the bio on YouTube or in my other video descriptions. I don't think it's in this. It won't let me with StreamYard. What was another? Oh, yeah, Gilmer. That's what it was.
But Gilmer, I mean, we can look at the chart as much. It really wasn't. This is something that's like fundamental just to kind of like hold on to for the long term. It's not like I can do some charting on it, though. Let's see.
it's not really a ton of data it's something more that was bought for um what it is so if you buy something on like a dca buy and like for the long term um the ta really isn't what you're watching for it's more or less do you believe in the project and you know that's why you dca into it so you can catch the uh the price when it's down and when it's up it doesn't look terrible here um it's not something i'd be trading really
so you had this change of character right here depends how you drew it you could say this was be looking for reversal around here or
let's say here if you wanted i wouldn't really trust that one as much but um you know for the case of uh being a bull here if you were looking to trade which like i said i wouldn't really recommend trading these lower caps there's plenty of high liquidity coins you can trade you'd be looking for this and then you'd want to look for range highs and then ftm route ftm so you're in daily demand
i drew this zone so far over we've got equal highs right of your change of character marks that's good but if the market does what i think it's going to do i don't know if you'll get it really you'd be looking for a push above that and play the order block or order block that sponsored said swing so uh in the case if we saw that from where we're at see bam i would play this institutional candle over here
And you'd be looking for range highs, but it's like trade. I mean, depending on which candle saw reaction and you'd be waiting for confirmation at whichever level you played.
So you could say price moved there. That would be a better risk to reward. And even then, you would still need that confirmation. So I was actually kind of skimming through my chart and looking at Phantom. It is pretty beaten down compared to a lot of coins. Kind of like Link, but it is at least sitting on this daily demand and not just falling right through it.
Okay, so I'm reading these comments now. All right, but how do you take entry when the price reaches the desired levels? So you just play the order block that sponsors the confirmation. So like once you get that, like if you're making higher highs and higher lows, once you make a lower low, you play limits off of the order block that sponsored that lower low. Peep C98, supposed to get listed on Coinbase soon. Oh, is it really? I didn't know that.
wow so charted this yeah i mean i personally wouldn't really mess with this where we're at just because you're in price discovery it's like the same thing at playing i mean like people think it's great to play at all-time lows but in all honesty it's it's really not because you're not the way i trade at least there's no data for you to go by i mean
You just broke strike. Yeah, I wouldn't touch this personally. Definitely wouldn't even trade long or short. I'm not saying it looks bad or good. It's just, you know, it's not much to go off of there. But what I would wait for, like for instance, if we would have had this.
Anywhere in this demand over here, you already really reacted to this area. If you would have just reacted to demand without breaking down from it, it would have been cool, but I wouldn't touch this. Usually use 4-hour and daily. Yeah, for Choches, I wouldn't really... I would use the 4-hour and the daily to find mitigation zones. I wouldn't use them for confirmation.
What does this say? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got you. I didn't realize I could just show you guys comments on here. The exchange is Binance. It's futures. It probably doesn't have... Oh, wait. Actually, that might be why. I'm glad you brought that up. I'm so used to putting perps. Oh, here we go. Cool. Honestly, good shit for saying that. So maybe this might change this narrative. Actually, definitely not. Yeah, I wouldn't worry about it. I mean, you're still...
i mean i guess there might be something over here in this demand it's kind of like i mean i don't know it just hasn't been tapped that you're talking about um you know i guess that could be a little bit of a game changer i would just watch for bullish price action it doesn't really look like that's what you're getting here um if anything
If anything, you could look for shorts because you came up in the longs, I guess, if you played limits here, which wouldn't have been a good idea in my opinion. You really just finally got this change of character, it looks like, right there. This is an interesting one because it kind of took a while.
Actually, it looks like a priority guy. Hey, you could use this institutional candle here.
Got an entry. So it's an odd one there, though. Yeah, I mean, this doesn't look great. I wouldn't be touching. I mean, just unless your dollar cost averaging into something, I would not be touching equity here, anything, in my opinion. Maybe like some of these Web3 coins, if you can catch a high move. But personally, it's just if you know how to trade, this is a trader's market.
It's difficult to trade. That's why you see a lot of people who traded a shitload during the 2020 and 2021 bull runs. They're completely in the dark now, but there is still trades to be made. It's just you have to know how to trade in ranges, and I'm using low timeframes. You'll get stopped out. That's the thing. You have to have a high-risk reward because you're going to get stopped out day trading.
we can get stopped at two or three times but when the one trade hits the right way and you hit you know 15 to one
it's, you know, you just made up for 15 losses. Probably not exactly 15 because you trimmed along the way, but somewhere around 10 losses, you just made up fourth one trade. But you have to understand that. And also you have to have a plan too, so you can fine tune it. Like whenever you're in these range trading situations, if you don't have like a solid plan, you won't be able to analyze what you're doing right and what you're doing wrong. But there's a lot of money to be made up as volatility. ENS.
I'll show you what I had. It's right here. ENS was looking like redistribution. Yeah. Based on volume. Look at that shit. If you look, it was pinching. If you go to the three-minute chart, you can see that the volume was steadily decreasing. What I like to do is put an RSI in my indicators just to see what retail is looking at. RSI was at the roof and volume was on the floor.
If you look at NASDAQ, NASDAQ did the same thing today. This shit just got raided like a motherfucker. Do you think we're going to go clear those highs now or no? These highs right here? You think we'll go take them back out or pull back? I think you could target external liquidity on it. Okay. That's why I was like, even these right here, I wouldn't just play limits on this.
I would wait for confirmation because like Algo said, you would be targeting external. So you'd be looking for these lows right here. If not, I mean, really.
Yeah, I would say these lows would be really your target down here, if not farther, to be honest. I'm in right over 20, so I'd be good if we went to there. Yeah, and if you check Ape, Ape is about to go up, like it's about to bust. Because it's in 4-hour demand. So I have this level. Like I shorted it from the top, from that top wick down to here. Yep, right there, boom.
So it broke structure on the 15-minute to upside. It broke structure on the five-minute to the upside. So what I'm waiting for is this floor to fill me so I can write it a one-hour break of structure up to the four-hour supply zone that we flipped. Yeah, this is actually good. I like this right here. Maybe something even like here. That's getting greedy, but I just like it because it's going to be that fair value gaps filled.
I use the whole wick, even though I think that's an up candle. Yeah, but I'd still use the wick just because it's right there. And then, yeah, this is actually a pretty good setup. I mean, if you really reversed here, and you could swing this to highs, but I don't know. It's just kind of weird. I mean, I don't know, though. Looking at a chart, if you hit that, you could swing it. I would probably say...
really to this first high, I wouldn't say the all-time high. But, I mean, it would make, you could, but at the same time, it's kind of like, I think the reason that we saw that was due to the other side meant, it's like, you said ENS, oh, shit, I don't want to, but yeah, ENS, like,
I wouldn't be FOMOing into it up here unless you're ready to swing it. I know that you guys, I think Playboy gave that to you guys somewhere in here even. It's ran pretty hard, but that is not a good sign for the local price action at WIC. There's a lot of fundamental stuff going on too, like the whole four-digit and five-digit wave where...
People are just like aping into numbers for domains. So I think that's another reason why you're seeing influx. I almost forgot this earlier, my bad. Let's look at the daily. Oh, damn. This is actually pretty nice. If you can get, you need more confirmation, but you're in a possibly good spot. I'll say that.
I'm actually going to set alerts for this. I don't know if I even have any more alerts open. Yeah, I would wait for that though. But like I said, it's just everything is just so sketch right now with the way Bitcoin is. Seem like you may have got some kind of harmonic going on here or maybe going to play out. Not yet, definitely, but be nice. Maybe get 886 there. I almost want to check just out of curiosity.
Yeah, there'd be that one minute demand down there. I mean, it's not something I would play limits off of, but kind of in backtesting, and you'd be surprised what will correlate and will actually hit. I'm still kind of like backtesting to see how to play them, but Harmonix go along with smart money. Liquidity concepts pretty well. Luna, I'm watching this fucking old damn day. We're finally now into this.
one hour supply if you draw just this last candle. So it's been getting manipulated pretty hard. I wanted to short it. I did short it once a row today and then I'm getting stopped to break even. And it's given confirmation, but the more and more I was looking at it, it gave confirmation based off of using multiple candles. And every time I try to do that, you get a good trade, but it usually gets, it'll see like gains by clearing lows that are like,
very close on the low time frames but then you'll see a quick reversal but this is actually where i would rather look for a reversal zone now that we're up here so we'll see how this goes i'd be probably looking for a one minute change of character um at the at the absolute least thanks on adam we'll look at that in a second yeah luna is bullish as bro like i i don't i don't get the whole shorting it yeah that's the thing the four hours the weekly is like stupid bullish like
Because like the four hour right here, it's like you hit this four hour demand. Yeah, if that one hour, if I would have seen a break of structure right there, you know where those wicks are that you have your supply drawn out or demand drawn out at the bottom? Yeah, the one still left, that bigger box. Yeah, that wick right there, if you pull back, we never broke the low. Yeah, exactly.
The thing with Luna, though, the only thing that I would want to see shorts is just like, yeah, you can see this product price action to still leave these equal lows for time. But at the same time, it's just like, I really would love that to get cleared. And then I would want to long the shit out of it. But it seems like every time we come into premium or discount here, we see a bottle. Exactly. Maybe they start buying more Bitcoin when we go into fucking discount.
Yeah. To manipulate the price to the upside. Another thing too, with like the stable coins being minted via Luna. So that's another thing to keep in mind for our supply too. That's the thing I wouldn't necessarily look for.
Like the most insane pullback here, but I really would like these lows to get cleared Yeah, I was looking at shorting it from 87 to 89 bucks around that range that supply candle that's an inside bar On the four hour. Yeah. Yeah, so we've kind of tapped into it and we're also in one hour supply Because if we don't make a higher high here I would I would love if we like leave equal highs here and maybe retrace a little bit But we'll see how that plays out
Too many fucking rectangles. The thing is, though, that's weird is it is starting to show bearish price structure. It's odd because, for instance, like this, that's not just a liquidity rate. That's a change of character. You got multiple closures under it, so it's weird because it's still reacting bullish. Let's use this candle. I didn't even hit that one. I won't even really worry about that.
When you start, you get this huge increase of volume, and now you're starting to get a decrease as we pull into the supply, so I could see a pullback. But really, it's like you were saying, and it's just on the four-hour, you really just reacted to this demand, and it's kind of like, honestly, I wonder. It'd be a weird one, but I wonder if there's any kind of harmonic here.
Nah, it wasn't even really. I mean, technically it's not, but I don't know. You see price react sometimes. Whenever, and maybe even if you drew it up here. You drew it up on a one hour or something. This would have just been your type 2. Pushing into that demand. Hercules getting licked on Luna. I think AVEX might push up to those higher limits. Tap, I didn't get wicked. Tell somebody else that in chat too. Interesting. What did this say?
I love that ENS left the wick there. We definitely have to go fill that bit. Right. Oh, this didn't hit stop. That was so close. I was like, holy shit. We'll see how it plays out. Yeah, ENS, that wick is fucking crazy. I do think, though, if Luna turns that supply zone into demand, I mean, we could go up and there's a zone that we haven't cleared at 107.
that we could possibly hit if we break structure.
Because that was daily structure that I had. If we break it, it'd be crazy. Yeah, because you can get flips off of these supply and demand levels that'll turn out very nicely. That's actually like your best, your highest risk to reward is if you wait and you get a change of character plus a flip of a supply and demand zone. Yeah, exactly. But you want it to...
the price action to like play tug of war inside of the supply zone or demand zone not just like ran through it because that supplier demand zone doesn't mean but you know yeah because you wanted to like those those uh setups they're like oh it's ridiculous it's like a 90 chance for you to win and then you incorporate it with the whole you know target external liquidity with when you're in the internal price
Yeah, I've been trying to, like, backtest flips lately. Like, on low timeframes, because you'd be surprised. Those shits, like, in propulsion blocks, that shit fucking smacks. Yeah, propulsion blocks are great. Ape chart. We can go over Ape again. Like Algo was saying, Ape looks pretty good. I mean, if you can come back down...
Yeah, I thought it left me behind because I'm looking at it and I'm like, oh, I didn't want to smoke. Yeah, I think it could still come back. Maybe even use the... I don't know. It's hard with this coin. It's like, eh. Yeah, that's just choppy. There's not enough data.
Or even not there's so many extrinsic factors that are affecting price. It's like Sometimes it just makes me if me personally makes me not want to play certain things. Yeah That's why I've been just kind of on the sidelines with a but I've yet to buy a equity or trade it not even once Wow, that's crazy. Yeah. Yeah, I'm thankful I've traded a
Is Luna your main setup you're watching right now, Casper, or just your favorite? It's my main. I wouldn't even say it's my favorite. I just fucking have stared at this chart over and over.
honestly like bitcoin too we're in a kind of like a just a weird i wish i would have checked some more setups last night because i could have caught some longs but when i got home from i was out of town and i just didn't really feel like charting stuff but there was a lot of nice setups um that happened during the london session i think that's probably the same thing that happens again tonight we'll see though um because really usually in this tokyo session you'll see consolidation it seems like we're seeing
Certain coins are definitely seeing liquidity. Is Hong Kong open in 12 minutes or are they already open? I want to say they're already open. I know that Tokyo. Tokyo is 830 Eastern. I thought it was 7. It is? I'm going to look. I'm pretty sure it's 7 Eastern.
How do I define supply and demand zones in a chart? Well, I would find one hour, or really, you can use 15 minute or better order blocks. So order blocks are going to be candles that basically precede an expansion. It's like, for instance, you could draw this. This would be an order block. This would have been an order block.
And now just because there's supply and demand doesn't mean that you just can play right off of them and you're going to win every time. You use those changes of character along with supply and demand, along with is the price and discount or premium, meaning if you draw a fib, is it below or above midpoint? But supply and demand in a nutshell is just zones that we've seen price expand from. We've seen either bids or asks, aka sells, come into the market.
What's this last one? On that note, I'm probably going to hop off here. I know it's not 10, but I'm going to hop off here and get some food. My girl just got home and I'm starving, but I will holler at you guys on Wednesday. Also, if you're in the Discord, just at me, DM me, or if you're on YouTube or whatever, you can DM me or tweet me, comment on YouTube, whatever, and I'll try to get back to you as quick as possible. I appreciate everything, and you guys have a great night.
