What's good? I'm going to give everybody a second to get in here. If you're watching this later, this was a live stream, so might need to fast forward a couple minutes. TradingView, I swear, I don't know what they're doing. It has never been as buggy for me as it has been the last, I don't know, like month. I know I hid this yesterday, but it's just not saving as often. Maybe it's not really buggy. They might just be editing stuff about how they're saving works or something. I don't know because...
I'm like that. Like, how is that not selecting anything? I don't get that. So this morning on indices, pretty nice setup here. And this is where it really, like I've been stressing lately, I realized a lot of people that are having issues with.
the indices model, or really with a lot of stuff, whenever they learn, you know, that you learn all these entry models and you learn order blocks, fair value gaps, and all these price delivery arrays. But everybody, I swear, like people just sleep on premium and discount and don't really understand ranges and why price moves the way it does. So in this example, you know, we have an old range.
which was this right here. Now, if we look, what did price do? It moved back into a discount, and since price was still bullish, it moved rapidly away from it, right? Now, when we go back into a 15-minute, we see, what is this right here? It's that first price delivery array in a discount. Now, I'm not saying it has to bounce off the first price delivery. It could have went here. It could have went as order block. It could have went as fair value gap.
Now, all of that is considered internal liquidity because it's internal to this range that we were in. So whenever you're looking at price in the context of the higher timeframes, for instance, like let's go back to the daily, that one hour bullish range was created after the daily sell side liquidity was taken.
And that low that was taken was also responsible for taking the June lows. So a lot of stop-offs have been absorbed here. So whenever you see a reaction like that, along with news, this was CPI day, then you can infer that we're probably going to make another move up. Again, it's moving in the context of that daily timeframe. Now, in the private class we went over this past Saturday, it's important to understand what timeframes you use.
as a trader because there's different kinds of traders there's people that trade you know long-term swings day trade scalps so everybody's going to be using different time frames but it's really important that you always keep an eye on the daily i recommend the weekly as well but i don't think any trader no matter if you're scalping you know trades that take two or three minutes or if you're swinging trades that take two or three weeks i don't think there's any reason why you shouldn't use the daily chart
So now that we have that context, we see price in this. This is a good example of a range. We came down and we tapped into some internal liquidity. Also, you could look at this as an order block.
Sometimes the crosshairs get on my nerves. But came into that fair value gap, internal liquidity to external liquidity. And before this high had been taken, we had this range. You could say before that, it was this. Now, why aren't I maybe moving my range up like this? I've seen people do this. Okay, that's a range. This is a range. And they look at every little pivot point.
That's really kind of more or less your internal structure. And we're trying to identify where is the institutional sponsorship here? Where is price moving rapidly away from? So in this example, we would have moved the range after external liquidity had been taken not once, but twice. Now, what was it moving into? Fair value gap.
So once we see price show the desire to return back down, and how do we determine that? Well, we use the same thing we use for entry models.
That would have been a more aggressive. You could have moved it here and it happened in the same candle. But we just look for that displacement shift and market structure. So all that's telling us, just like whenever using it to enter in the lower timeframes, and that's basically confirming whatever bias we have built. All this is telling us is that price wants to move to another area of liquidity because that's all price is ever doing. The only time price is moving is because it's moving to where there are orders. So if we know that we're in a premium.
and we have internal liquidity and a discount in a bullish range and price shifts down, we then know that we are looking for discount pricing. So let's take a look at this range we've created over here. I already have this drawn, so this might be unnecessary. Well, I'll leave it like this, maybe a better visual. So whenever we look at this here and we're in this premium pricing, what do we see right here? Now, once it is a little sloppier,
See that right there, that shift in market structure, that's telling us that price wants to go down. Now, this could have been just reaching for this opening gap. This was a tricky one because we saw that nice reaction off of it. But notice how, not yet at least, and it doesn't seem like it wants to, price hasn't made a higher high there. It came back up into this order block and then started to travel back down. We got another displacement bracket structure here. It's more recent.
So just like we got, there's a displacement here and pushed up. Now, people might say, well, why didn't it react up its fair value gap and go for the external liquidity? It could have, but whenever we're looking at setups, we want to think of what is the probability that this is going to work.
Now, how do we kind of determine that? Well, the first thing you can do is look at the range you're in. Are you in a discount or are you in a premium? Is there internal liquidity in the opposing extreme? So in this example, this might have been just telling us that the market was shifting up, maybe to come back into this order block. Another thing about that bit of price action is if we look here on NQ, we had this imbalance right here. Notice that.
And on ES, it got mitigated before this pushed down. So when that happens and we went down, we still had a reason for the indices to move up, not by basing off this chart, but by basing off the NQ chart. So we kind of had to come back up into that. And by doing that, we created this range that had to be balanced. So whenever we're talking about imbalances, we have two imbalances in a row.
or liquidity voids, however you want to look at it. Whenever we have this kind of movement and after price travels back down through, that's when it's truly balanced because we had the sell side offered here, the buy side offered here. And now prices move back down and you see that reaction to the downside. Also, we are in a premium of a range. So shorts, most of the time.
as long as you haven't tapped into a discount, are going to be higher probability. They're going to be more expansive. Because remember, what is smart money's intention if we're anticipating that price is going to return to a discount? Well, it's probably going to, you know, whenever price makes a big move and moves through a range, it's just moving from one area of liquidity to another. And that is by means of institutional sponsorship. So you're going to see...
a much higher velocity move most of the time. If you look here, look at the down candles compared to the up candles. They're much more full-bodied, energetic. The up candles are most likely just liquidity rates. Now, as far as this morning's price action, let's just jump into the five minute. We'll go ahead and throw a line at the 9.30 open.
And we saw a nice little push to the downside right at the open. Now, when we're looking for a trade and we look for that liquidity rate, you did take the low. There was a decent amount of displacement into it.
Now, you have to trade in the context that you are in premium. So this is where maybe a fixed RR can help, but a lot of people would have taken that long and wanted to take it all the way up here. And who knows, it might still go up there. I'm not saying it won't, but the odds are, in my opinion, that you'd be better off taking a trade up to maybe the next price delivery around a 15 minute, maybe a fixed risk reward because it's a highly...
It's a big chance that we're going to return to a discount before coming up and taking this high. It's not guaranteed. I'm not saying this is for sure going to happen. So if we fly from here, don't say, oh, you said we're coming to a discount. I'm just telling you what the odds are whenever you're looking at price in terms of a range and trying to find the highly probable setups. Because there's always going to be setups where somebody degens and they say, I told you so, I full ported.
at the bottom and I won. But whenever we want to look at the price action as a...
a system in a way, or you want to look at things and let's just say you're looking at a business deal and there's a really high risk deal that has high rewards. And there's a couple other deals that are maybe medium risk, high reward, low risk, low reward. And you kind of evaluate all of these different opportunities and determine which ones are the best for you. And that's what you have to do when you're trading too. So again, just because it's a high risk opportunity or high risk setup doesn't mean it won't work.
So at that 930 open, we had that pushed down into that low, very clean entry model here. Displacement, shift in market structure, fair value gap entry, very clean. Could have just taken to the high. And now notice if some of you guys are going to know what this is, but I want you to pay attention again to price during London. Now this is a little sloppy because if we look at the midnight open, we didn't really move above it.
And indices sometimes are a little bit more fickle trying to use the open high low close based off of like the power of three, then maybe like euro dollar or something that trades very actively in the London session.
But when we look at price action during the London session, we want to kind of ask ourselves, what went on there? What was the move of the London session? So I'll go ahead and I'll put this on so you can see. Extend this because I had it towards.
It's right at 5 a.m. So if we look, we moved a little higher. And again, it's kind of sloppy. But what was this move doing? Because when we moved down like this, what do we anticipate this big move to the upside was if it was quickly erased and market structure shifted after it? We're going to assume that that was coming up and taking out liquidity in here. Now, if we look on the one hour candle, we had a nice order block there that was created during that move up.
Also, it was pushing into this one hour imbalance. Now, when we see that big expansion down, we look at that as the London expansion or the London range. So this tool I have right here, just so you can see a little clearer, is just a FIB tool and the optimal trade entry, which is the 62, 705, and the 79% retracement.
Coming into the New York session, if we know we're in a premium and we know that there's an order block right here, we know that the market has shown signs to go down. Now, we ask yourself, why is it going to go down? Well, the first area of liquidity, you could look at these lows, which it met these lows. But again, when we're talking in terms of probability and price moving efficiently, we would ideally want price to move down to a discount.
Now, and again, I'm not saying we have to. One thing that I noted was this candle right here, that big breaker block. It's going to be on a lower time frame, the clearer. But I'm wanting price to come down to a discount still.
So whenever we are looking at price in that context, yes, there was a long very quickly in the morning. But then if we look right here, price moved into optimal trade entry of the London range. The one hour is in premium. The one hour showed a shift on the downside. We filled the fair value gap by doing that move. Went into an order block. And then you look at the one minute.
Very nice price action here. This is a clean entry. I'd say the one in the morning before this wasn't, but this is what you, this is something I would use to teach someone this model because it's so textbook and picture perfect that it's very clear. And usually what I, the way that I look at that is that that is where
the true displacement came from. That is the true intention, the move. Now, this move could have already been capitalized. If you did a fixed 2R, then very quickly met, about 15 minutes or so. That might have been your target. You might have targeted this low. That was also met. Or, you know, you're not encouraging this. You might target this low. Now, it's not unreasonable to do that.
I'll be transparent. I'm holding a position. I cut most of it. I know I've been doing the 2R, but I'm not sure how long, if I'm going to keep it or not. I haven't written it off yet, but sometimes when I'm looking at price, like for instance, I was pretty confident this was going to come down at least to that low. So I took a lot off at that low. But overall, what I would like to hold price to is this imbalance down here, because I did take some off here at this low. It was over here, actually.
You know, my stops are breakeven. I don't really mind if it does stop me out. But when I'm looking at price and I'm using my multiple timeframe analysis, I think there's a decent chance that it does come back down into a discount. Now, of course, I secured some money while it's there, have de-risked.
And this is how you can kind of use multiple timeframes together. Notice I'm using the one hour, the five minute, the 15 minute, the one minute. The one minute I'm just really using for entries. But you can kind of layer analysis to get more highly probabilistic setups.
Can't even talk right now. I'm so tired I've had a bad habit. I've been staying up late and then I trade indices from bed on my laptop All-american degen
That's what I wanted to go over of this morning's price action so far. And again, I'm not encouraging to just get in a trade and hold it all the way down here or even here. You should be taking off profits, right? Even if you have multiple timeframes suggesting that price is going to go down, don't get that greed and just see that final TP and think you just have to hold it all the way.
Now, if you're experienced and that's been something you've done consistently and proven yourself to be successful with that, by all means, go for it. But the reason what I'm drawing over here would have been the morning setup, that initial little raid. But don't just kind of go trigger happy and just start holding trades till final TP only.
extending for ADAR, and all these different things that can get you in a world of not only financial pain. Well, I wouldn't say pain. Most of the time, if something turns around on you, you're just going to get stopped to break even. But it's really bad for your psychology. It's really, really bad to see your profit be up extremely, and then it comes back out and takes you to break even.
Maybe not for some of you guys. I know for me, especially on the funded account, or if you see big numbers and they get just erased, it's going to put you in a bad mood. Maybe you're just, I mean, I might be just speaking for myself, but I would assume most people, if they see two to three R on the table and it gets erased, you're going to be not in the greatest mindset of trade.
I think that psychology is pretty much the most important thing while trading. Once you learn the technicals, the technicals mean nothing to you if you don't have the willpower to execute. So I think it's really important that you stay centered.
Somebody asked, if I'm in profit, do I kill the trade in lunch hour? It depends. For me, I'm a little bit discretionary with that. I de-risk during lunch hour, and I take some gains if I'm in good gains. For instance, today, I took some gains over here at that low. That ended up probably being right before the lunch hour, so I'm not going to take gains again moving into 12. Now, let's say if the price hadn't moved to my TP.
my first target, and it was up here during lunch hour, I'd probably secure some gains that stops to break even and wait for the PM to give an entry. If the trade is still around break even at lunch, because sometimes you'll get a late morning entry, like 11, 15, 11, 30. Usually, I just let it ride, to be quite honest. That's just me. I know a lot of people just cut everything at lunch hour and re-entered. That's fine, too, at different styles.
Mike said, good morning, caught a nice short on US 500 at the open, but screwed my position size. I'm guessing you're talking about right here. What made you short right here? Maybe like the fair value gap right here. I could see that. Yeah, but screwed up your position. So that actually happened to me yesterday. It's funny you said that. And I never screwed up in a bad way to where I'm like too heavy, but I always like go, like I'll like calculate it wrong and go way lighter than I need to go.
Do I trade market structure shifts with an imbalance of order blocks without raids, can find myself lost in microstructure, switching focus between order blocks and sell side and buy side liquidity? I don't trade anything without a raid. Now, another thing actually that I wanted to go over, it's like this trade right here, you had a raid, but there was also SMT divergence with NASDAQ.
See how he didn't make a higher high on Nasdaq what we did on the ES. So that would show signs that we are distributing.
But to answer the question, I don't trade anything without a RAID. Now, that RAID can be on a higher timeframe, and then I'm using a lower timeframe to confirm it. But I think that if you're not utilizing liquidity to enter a trade, you're going to become liquidity more often than if you were kind of keeping that in mind. Thoughts on Tesla earnings report? To be honest, I've been pretty out of the loop. I know there's a lot of earnings with Tesla earnings today.
I know Netflix yesterday came out better than expected. Yeah, it's today, Tesla's. We can take a look at the chart. I'm not going to try to anticipate earnings.
We've actually, I've tried to test it quite a bit. I mean, I could see a move up, to be honest, in the weekly chart. So we had this target for a while, which with these equal lows here, it's like 206. And we took that and now we've created this impulse swing with a nice volume and bounce right at equilibrium. I mean, this one's pretty clear. I could see a nice run up into that. I'm not guaranteeing it. You know, we can get bad earnings. More low hanging fruit would be this imbalance right here.
Kind of interesting how much we gap down there
But yeah, overall, I mean, this looks pretty good. What would be ultimate would be if we could get a nice push down in the stocks, the whole market today, sweep out these lows before earnings and then make a move. That would be nice. I mean, I could see that playing out. But overall, I would be looking for tests that I want to try to return up. It could take the low one more time. A lot of times, price would like to do that. And then you have to keep in mind, we have these massive equal lows and a discount here.
I think it's from a monthly chart, that range. But it was like a yearly. I can't remember why I have this here. I don't want to confuse. But yeah, overall, I mean, we do have a lot of sell side here, but I would like a pushback in this imbalance before cleaning all that out.
Shorted open to our fair value gap. Yeah, that fair value gap is what I was anticipating you used. I know Trex steady. I see you in here. Some people from Playbit caught the first move on ES. Pretty clean. I didn't catch the first one. I did catch the second one.
The first one was funny. I wanted to almost short it. I'm not going to lie, but I didn't just because I saw the buy model. And the only reason I wanted to short it was because I was looking at it because recently we've had pretty erratic price action with indices, especially really early or pre-market. And then you just won't, you know, the opportunity is over. So I was looking at this high getting rated and then traveling into this fair value gap.
And as we came here, I was waiting to... I didn't set a limit on a five minute, but I was looking at this fair value gap. And then I started to see the one minute give the buy model. And as soon as I had that happen, like where I'm looking at something one way, and then I was like, no, that looks like a buy. So I'm not going to take the buy because I'm like, okay, you obviously aren't that sure. But I kind of psyched myself out of the buy. But I did look at it. I was like, yeah, that looks like a buy. I'm not shorting that. So I just waited for...
the OTE, because I really was looking at the London expansion and how clear that delivery was. So if you see that kind of price section, we went over this in the time efficiency series that we did in the Discord. You see this kind of move. A lot of times you want to wait or be very cautious around that optimal trade entry area of the London expansion. Can I check oil targeting sell side on the one hour? Sure.
Yeah, I could definitely see it. I mean, it hasn't really shown like a five minute maybe. I don't know. I mean, I don't know. It's kind of iffy. I mean, this was displacement, but you can see kind of inched around as you got to the low and just barely pipped it and then moved to the upside. I think it'll probably come and take these highs right here. If anything, I think it traveled into an order block maybe. Yeah, there's a daily order block right here. See, what is TradingView doing? Like, I know I didn't draw that. Like, what is that?
I did on the one hour. It's just, okay, it just looks weird on the daily. Okay. I was like, I know I dropped for something, but I didn't think I drew in that space. So we're in a discount of this little impulse move we made on the daily that caused the market structure shift. So I would, you know, shorts here, as far as based off a daily chart, I think they're going to start to lose probability. And that's why you're starting to see this imbalance isn't really, it's kind of just getting absorbed.
I mean, it's possible because there's that gap for sure. I see what you're looking at, but I would say it's getting to that point where it's maybe a little bit of a lower probability. If it were me, one thing, especially since it's oil and it's not my main traded asset, I would kind of wait for it to show a really clear intention to go up or take this low just because we're so far in a discount on the daily. Yes, we have this imbalance. Yes, we have this low front running this gap. I think it's a high possibility, but oil is fickle.
And if it were me, I would just kind of hang out and wait until I start to see. Maybe if it comes into the gap, then I'll wait for a move to the upside before I would get involved. Oil, I really want to get a very clean setup that I know is going to move quickly because a lot of stuff can happen. If you're in an oil trade, like we were in an oil trade, honestly, I think it was like...
Oh no, it was actually over here. We got in like oil trade and we got into sales. It was on a Friday. We closed on the Friday, like around this time. And you could see on Monday or Sunday, it gapped back up. But that's exactly, we had something like, do I have it maybe still on here? Let's see. That's an old long I took. Yeah, I don't think I have it. I deleted it. But we had that called out in the server. It was something around.
I want to say it was based off this imbalance here. We shorted it somewhere in here. That was on Thursday, so it's probably up in this area. But anyways, we cut it because when you're in an oil trade, it can go. Like there was an OPEC meeting that week. It's just so volatile and so news dependent that you want to make sure you have a very clear setup. One second. Okay. There we go. Yes.
So yes, it's making that doing that that shmoney dance I hope that helped because I know I used to have a lot of a lot of problems trying to
to trade specific session raids and stuff. But the one hour is a really good timeframe to treat it like a daily chart. You have your daily chart, but then you have your second daily chart in a sense. And what I mean by that is whenever we're talking about drawing liquidity, I think it's a very overcomplicated subject. Just ask yourself, is price bullish? Is it bullish in the daily or bearish in the daily? Okay. Is it bullish or bearish in the one hour? Are we in a premium or a discount of both those ranges?
Is there liquidity in the opposing extreme? You just got to start to think like a market maker. If you're a market maker that eventually you think this is a bullish range, you want to take it higher, what would you do? If you had orders that couldn't be filled here, then you're going to try to engineer a false support. So retail buys all through here. You're going to induce buying, and then you're going to try to flush price down to where you can get your orders filled. Reef. Somebody actually outtakes about Reef.
I don't leak you with these fucking shit coins. No, I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding, bro. And that's why you put the crying face. I know that Reef's been moving pretty crazy. I mean, fuck, dude. There's a lot of alts that I kind of look at. I'm like, damn, is this just like the final rug? Like, I'm not saying that's for this. Because like, when I look at this, like, let me just clean it all off. It's just like, you know, the most recent impulse move for me is going to be this on a weekly.
So then I look, okay, well, where's the first, again, they're doing the same thing we just did in the one hour. So I'm like, okay, well, we're in a weekly, probably a monthly order block now. Well, I guess if you use the Wix, but I wouldn't really worry about that. But we're in a weekly fair value gap at a premium of the weekly impulse wing. We've got a lot of liquidity, equal lows here. And then you've got sell side, which is really, I just be focused on the sell side from the weekly.
Then if we look at the daily, we haven't shown signs to go down just yet. So it's not like, oh, where in the weekly fair value you got? I'm shorting sell side liquidity, right? Because you haven't got an entry. We want to layer our confirmation through multiple timeframes. So what I'd be looking for on the daily would be the same thing that we've been discussing, that simple market structure shift. Because what is that telling us? It's telling us that there is a large force in the market that is looking to push price down. Then we say, okay, well, why is it pushing price down? Well,
We're in a pre of a weekly range. And that would be how you would establish, okay, well, once we get this, we would look at each weekly candle as a high probability to be a down close candle until our objective is met. Not everyone will.
Not every single day is going to be a sell day, but you're looking at the market in the context that the weekly candles are most likely to be down. So, okay, well, if I think, you know, if that happens, you get that daily shift and, you know, price comes up here, maybe you just swing an entry from the fair value gap and you just stop some of this right here and you just hold it the whole time. That's, you know, not wrong. It's probably gonna be a bumpy ride. It's gonna take you a while.
It's not unprobable though. I'm not saying that it won't happen. Or you can use that, like let's say if you're a day trader. If you use the, what's this track study? Let me finish this and I'll take a look, track study. But if you use that to establish your bias, that price is bearish, then you could come into maybe your day trades and look for sales. Now at this point,
I would almost want to see this wick taken.
you know, it's pretty clear that there's a lot of liquidity there. And whenever we look here, the one hour is telling us that price is moving to the upside. And we're, you know, if you consider this a range, you know, we're bullish. And there was these lows that were equal lows, relatively equal that were made at a discount. It's probably going to be a 15 minute. And this is just one fat ass imbalance candle.
You know, we could look for potential sales opportunity. You know, like let's say a price goes up here and then you go to the five minute and the five minute gives you this spam. Then you could maybe look for a cell. Maybe you would. And everything is different per person. You know, I'm not going to tell you use a five minute for a cell and target weekly sell side. But who knows? It could play out.
I mean, that'd be kind of pushing it. That'd be like some Instagram guru trader shit where you get 100 RR, but it's possible, but it's just not probable. So you could frame your trades. Okay, well, we've taken liquidity. We're in a weekly fair value gap. I'm anticipating a pullback. That would be a more aggressive stance, but you're using the higher timeframes in accordance with your lower timeframe. Because even if this wasn't the weekly fair value gap, if this WIG gets taken and a five minute gives a reversal, the least you could look for is, let's say this is your low you made.
and this is your price range, the least you would look for, again, is just a return to a discount of that range. And that would be an ample amount of risk reward, most likely.
So you can use, it's all about developing narrative and developing your bias on where price is going and why, because then there are dozens of different ways to profit and capitalize off of the know-how, so to speak, or the story that's unfolding. You just need to know what way the river is flowing and you don't have to stay in the river the entire time. You can get in, get out, come back tomorrow, get in, get out. And there's a lot of different ways you can look at it.
And there's different timeframes you can use, but it's all the same concept. We're just using ranges. We're identifying where is smart money pushing price to? Why are they pushing it there? And how can I get involved? Let me look at this real quick trick study. Looking at ESM1, was it 1030 draw on liquidity? It was 1030 at DOL from like 705. So whenever we're talking about draw on liquidity,
I would think the overall at one hour draw on liquidity is going to be this imbalance. Now, if you're talking about maybe like you said looking at the M1, and this one's a little tricky because if we're just looking at the M1 and not in context to anything else, you could say that the draw on liquidity was this high.
You could also look at it and said that it was this high. Now, that would have been a little bit more risky to go all the way for the OTE high because, again, it didn't have to even do this. It could have came up right in this area and came down. It could have rated this high. I think if I was looking at this and price moved down like that and I was looking at it because when you're talking about drawing liquidity, you always want to look at the next time frame up just to have context.
Because if not, you're like operating in the dark without a flashlight. So you'd say, okay, well, here's our range here. So, okay, what's the point? You know, after we come down here, we take out that external liquidity and price shows the desire in that one minute that it wants to go higher. Okay, where's it going to go higher? First area in a premium. So that would have been, to me, the drawing liquidity on the one minute.
Let me skip you. GU shorted from this fair value gap, yeah. I hope you mean this one, you're eating. If this is what you're talking about, you did great. That was a fat ass trade right there. Again, this is, let's see that one hour.
i'd be i would be careful with shorts here just because i'm looking at the one hour if you're i mean i'll be trimming them if you're in it or closing i'm not going to tell you to do that's up to you but i mean we look i haven't looked out on um higher time frames but just this one hour you know this is a key point where you might see a push back up you know into this area or who knows it might go higher now let's look at the daily because i know the daily is going to be bearish so the daily context um
The daily, I mean, it's pretty clearly bearish. We all know from that massive death crash. It came up. I'm not really sure what it was tapping into right here, except maybe this is an order block. It didn't even hit that. Kind of weird price action there, in my opinion. Weekly order block, I guess, was maybe it. I don't know. But, you know, price kind of came down. Didn't form a...
or give any kind of market structure shift. We kind of just came down to this imbalance and our price showed desire to go up. Now, whenever, if we look at the daily swing range, which to me is this, I can see it's pretty clearly a bearish range, but I'm looking at the most recent impulse move and I see price come down.
to this imbalance right at a discount. It moves that impulsively away from it. That tells me that it's searching for something higher. Now, that could have been just this order block right here. It's a very good chance, right? Because remember, we're operating in that context that the daily is bearish up here. But remember, we've taken about every bit of liquidity that exists almost on this pair. So remember, you're starting to look at this in the sense like, I mean, I'm not saying it's not going to continue down, but Jesus Christ, I mean, it's probably going to...
But it has some potential to move up a little bit. So keep this in mind. So go make that daily. What else do we have right here? Buy side liquidity in the form of equal highs. Price came back down to an imbalance. And it's shown a desire to move up. So if we were to confirm this imbalance, go over here. What did price do?
Okay, it was a shift in market structure with this place. And now you could have, that's more aggressive. You could have also looked right here and you see what happens. We're using that one hour to confirm that daily. So now when you're looking at it like that, yes, we definitely could move to the downside from here. But if I was in shorts, I would be trimming here because I do see the possibility that price comes up and takes these highs.
Because we have that daily impulse swing. When we look at the daily on this entire range we're in, I really don't see why we reacted like that right here. I mean, I guess you could look at it like that weekly order block, but I don't know. I mean, to me, it's kind of fishy. We took monthly sell side.
So I'm just giving you kind of both sides of the coin. The short, if you took a short, that's a beautiful short. But this is, if it was me personally, I would be either trimming or closing here, depending on, you know, what my trade plan was. USD CAD, I got you. And yeah, definitely a trick study. Always at me with questions, bro. For sure. Always.
Like blow me up with I you know, I'm gonna talk and you guys know I consider and talk my ass off for an hour It's a lot easier if you guys give me something to talk about USD CAD That's not too long ago. It seems like it Not sure what we had looked at me. There's a one is or one hour ranges probably Honestly, I can't remember what
It looked I'm just gonna clean the whole chart off looked like I wanted something this liquidity I was saying this was gonna get taken at some point It's trying to jog my memory somewhat, but it seemed like that happened Let's go back out to a weekly time frame. Oh Before I delete this we're at OTE and that was that weekly order block
So again, with DXY, I won't lie. It's kind of hard to want to short anything against the dollar. I'll just be honest in the world conditions. But I'm just looking. This is a potential. We have some pullback here. Where to? If I look at this impulse range, because I'm going to be really low-hanging fruit. We never came into a premium.
I'm sorry, into a disco. Why do I always say that backwards? It's like my brain is like wired to say it wrong. Now, somebody asked me about fair value gaps recently when I consider them mitigated. Because if you notice, price dug into it a little bit. What I do is I just, if it came below an EQ, that's when I would not worry about it, but it didn't. So I almost look at that more as a higher probability that it will return there because now we have created, not only we have that fair value gap, but we have liquidity. I guess I didn't want to draw, but we have liquidity in that front running zone.
now why did i draw this right here just because i see that's where the impulse started you know we kind of moved a little bit here but where did the real force come in that low so potentially you could see a move down now nothing that is showing us that yet because again if we're on the weekly chart and we have you know optimal trade entry we're in a weekly order block um damn that s p position's going burr yeah let's get it um
So here, if we are looking at price in the context of that weekly timeframe, we would look for a daily market structure shift, which we haven't gotten yet because we have nothing to indicate to us that price wants to move to the downside here. To me, there's nothing really important on the daily. This is kind of like a stalemate.
It seems like a lot of liquidity is being engineered. There's a range kind of forming here. Whenever we're talking about this range, delete all this shit. We know we're in a weekly order box. I'm going to delete that. Yeah, this one's pretty choppy because you know what I looked at it like? I'd probably still consider this your range. I know it's really wide.
If it were me, this would be one of those where I'd just wait for the daily to show some intention. To me, it's looking like Bitcoin's daily. This is where you get burnt out. Maybe you're an expert at ranges like this, but this is where I sit out because you can see there's one huge move and then it's erased immediately. It's just a lot of manipulation going here. Overall, it looks like more downside though.
Something around that low would be nice, but I wouldn't really want to trade it, to be honest with you. I mean, and we're in that weekly order block, but I would just, whenever you're at these very key levels on high timeframes, you're going to see consolidation. Just like when you're at equilibrium range, you're going to see consolidation for a duration relative to that timeframe. So what that means is if I'm on a 15 minute and I come to equilibrium, you might consolidate for a little bit, but it's not like, you know, going to be a long time.
If I'm on the weekly chart and I'm at optimal trade entry and order block, that takes time. You know what I mean? Because you're looking at it in the relativity of what you're using to establish your bias. Hi, mate. Any idea how price discovery works with smart money concepts? So that's actually a good question. I've never really been asked that.
You could use extensions. Like for instance, if you're talking about when crypto is just like, you know, blasting at all time highs and it's, you know, nobody ever, it's never been here before. You can use like, for instance, like, I don't know, like if say, you know, price had done this, it was already at all time highs in this range and it just did this and then kind of came down and you're anticipating it's going to go back up and there's no other price action to,
value a lot of you can always just kind of do like a negative one extension something like that because that's going to be the standard deviation of the move you just made but again that's kind of just like you know um the better the better ways to do that which is funny i can't wait for the next board holy shit spy is dumping
Let's fucking go. I should have just held the whole... See, I've been trying this 2R fix, but there's been like... There was maybe two times where I was happy I did it, and then every other time I was like, bro, you knew that was going to go way farther. But we'll see. But yeah, in this example, you would just want to take profits at the high. You wouldn't want to try to throw darts, Hail Mary, that we're going to go all the way here.
You always want to use price action. You don't want to use anticipation. I'm just giving you an answer because you asked. Oh, I didn't mean to do that. But, yeah. Now, since I asked about the four-hour uncad.
Four-hour shows like it's showing downside. But again, I'm not going to lie. Personally, I don't really use the four-hour that much. That's just me. That's more for short-term trading. And I think I used to use it a lot. Some of you that have been watching for a while, you're like, what the hell? I did used to use it a lot, but I've just found I get more off the daily than the four-hour. Because I look at those kind of like relative to each other. Daily is only...
it's four four hour herbs right up for six four hour candles good good elementary math there but um it's not there's not a huge difference so the data that i can infer from a daily is going to be oftentimes same as the four hour and i'd rather just wait for the daily but you know if i'm looking at this i have we have price that's in a premium market structure shift
price return to a premium Fair value gap Looks like it wants to take the high again. So if you use a four-hour you can make out a 15-minute
And see, this is exactly the kind of stuff. Because if I'm just looking at a four hour, then I'm like, okay, we'll market structure shift here. This might be a good short, which it looks like you did get something. If you use a fair value gap, you didn't get the greatest entry. And there really wasn't enough risk to reward there for it to be worth a damn. If you would have taken something like this, I mean, in hindsight, we can always, it wouldn't even hit a TP. And again, this is what you're going to get whenever you don't have clear direction in the high timeframes.
Like I traded ETH the other night. I got stopped out on ETH trade and I analyzed it multiple times. It was just one of those where I genuinely couldn't figure out if I did something wrong or if it was just one of the losses that that model yielded. And I'm just looking at crypto and I'm just like, why are you even trying to trade this shit? It's just because there's no clear direction. So you're going to get those kind of choppier, lower probability scenarios whenever you don't have a clear bias.
And that's what I was saying earlier when we're talking about ranges in terms of probability and how probable is this trade to play out. You have to look at it like business deals. If I'm in a market where nobody's doing anything, like let's just say you're in the water park business and it's wintertime. Is that something you're going to want to invest in? Probably not. So if you're on a chart where there's no high timeframe intention right now, then you're kind of in a dull market.
don't go in expecting explosive results um lm said hey could you go through how you mark the highs and lows to be taken for having a market structure change please i have got trouble on this for lower time frame sure so i'll give you a good example because i know that a lot of people have issues with this i'm just going to make this actually black because i don't feel like changing all the colors um i'm getting the whole the whole nice little drawing for you guys
the training view is like a really good tool if you really if you know how to use it and just have a little patience so let's just say we are at a old high right here taking the old high and i'll even make it a little bit cleaner for you that's probably good enough so we look here and we want to see you know which one of these lows needs to get taken well if we look you just want to look at this as the sense of this candle right here
had a higher low on the left and a higher low on the right. So that makes it a low.
We're not looking for swing structure. You're asking me, so I'm going to teach you how I do it. Some people would say this needs to be a strong low. I disagree. I don't think that's true. I almost want to tell you I know it's not true. Nobody knows anything for sure in trading, but I know that it works for me not using a strong low or high. Any low or high, which means any candle that has two higher lows on side of it or
any candle that has two lower highs on side of it, right? It's funny how fucked up the market is now. It's just a bear market. I give all my examples, bearish examples. I don't even realize it. But you want to see, oh, wow, that looks awful. You want to see, you know, price pushing into an old high. Then we have our displacement move to the downside. Just try to anchor that, like use the control key, like it was an actual candle.
So you have that push down, taking that, and you leave a fair value gap. Now, what's really important here is waiting for this candle to close. Because remember, this fair value gap is a three candle formation. And I'm actually going to post a video on fair value gaps. As soon as this stream is over, it'll be a short video, like a short style video. But it'll be posted within five minutes after this is done. But this is how I would look.
for a oh wait i'm like i have half the screen covered up sorry this is how i'm to answer your question lm this is how i would look for a market structure shift and now this can happen on any time frame um it's just telling you that price is moving down now again notice i have an old high now this could be anything it could be just any poi fair value gap it could be an order block a breaker block mitigation block equal highs whatever any kind of entry area and again how do we you know
determine whether or not it's going to be profitable or profitable. I'm sorry, I can't even speak. Probable. My brain's just on go mode. But the way we determine how probabilistic this is, is if we are in the premium or discount of a range, you know, is it pro trend? Is it agreeing with the next higher time frame? You can take all these different confluences and start to kind of put them together to determine.
You know, how good of a deal is this? How good of a business deal is this that I'm a part of right now? You know what I mean? So I hope that was a good answer. I'm actually going to save this. I'll probably make this into an infographic. So good looks, LM. I need to get back on my game making stuff. Live infographic creation, guys. You guys saw it here first. No, but yeah, I hope that explained that pretty well.
Hey, thanks. You trimmed in the GU short. Good shit. OP.
Okay, so there's a couple more questions. I'm going to cut it after OP and then where I would have put the drawn liquidity on EU. I'm going to do EU a little first because it'll be quicker. I know it wasn't the first question, but it'll be just pretty easy. So because I already have it marked. So drawn liquidity was this lower or this imbalance right here. And we talked about this. Now, this didn't give a nice setup like I wanted, you know, because we see we had that kind of move here.
But there wasn't really that imbalance left, so I didn't get involved. We see that high got taken anyway. So we talked about this right here, that we wanted price to fall under this for shorts, but it fell under it very abruptly. So the drawn liquidity here, when we look at this one hour move, we just looked again at the first POI at a discount. Because again, we are up here.
We knew that, and I won't say that I would have taken opportunity here, but we could have said, okay, the swing high has been formed. There wasn't a good shift until, you know, the shift came, you know, as the target was met. You know what I mean? That could go lower. I'm not saying it won't. But that would have been the draw, in my opinion. So, OP. I haven't looked at optimism in a while. Last time I traded it, I heard my feelings. It just operated me.
It was over here. Damn, has it been that long? I don't think that was. I don't know. Maybe it was. I don't think that was that long ago. But let me see if there's any other charts. It's crazy how different that can give you a perspective in the Binance. And the Binance one looks like it's going to fly.
The two coin looks like it's gonna shit But um, we use cuban because as the longer they're not not shit right from here, but just The other one I was like, oh, this looks really good. So we are in this
Fair value gap right here. Now, it didn't take any highs and it seems like it was kind of just one of those ICO rug pull dumps, like everything that gets put on KuCoin first. I'm not saying optimism is that. I've heard a lot of good things about it, but I'm just calling it how I see it. So we could draw the range like this in the weekly, but I think it'd be better to draw like this. And you've got this imbalance right here. Kind of got tapped into, but...
Not really at all, actually. So I would say that on the weekly candle, you know, we haven't formed a weekly swing low, but let's see the daily. Okay. This is one of those where it's not that clear, but this could be a shift. Could be wanting to come up here and take all those highs. So you look at that and, okay, like time took the lows. Big candle leaving what? A fair value gap. So now we can come to the one hour here.
That's right. I'll give it to you don't look bad nothing on the one hour yet I'm not gonna get involved in this, but I'm actually gonna add this to the Yeah watch list Not not looking bad. I'll give it to you now if we start to see on that shift on the one hour like for instance We might I think it I probably would see us coming up in this imbalance maybe coming down taking a low But if we could get something like that the one hour really telling me wants to go up I would look to build longs in this
On that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I really appreciate you all coming through. If you could like, comment, subscribe, it helps me a shitload. I'm about to post a video here in like literally five minutes of Fair Value Gaps. And go ahead and watch that. It's going to be on the shorts. If you guys have me on Instagram or anything or Twitter, I'll be there too. But blow up the YouTube for me. I appreciate you guys. And I will see you all tomorrow at noon Eastern time. Peace.
