i don't know why it says my quality is my ping is like 270 right now to discord i don't know if it's like that on the stream let me know if the quality is low and i'll see if i can fix it i don't know why it's doing that though on discord but if it persists or if it's like not as good quality as normal just let me know because i'd rather know
i'm gonna look look at this uh thumbnail i just made fucking around about a post in the discord it's not it's on my twitter i'm gonna look look at this it's funny as shit where is the here it is figured it was it was appropriate so pretty massive um manipulation here if you ask me i think it's pretty clear um that all of that was planned i mean if
If you don't think that was planned, then I really don't know what to tell you. Especially if you're trading smart money and you already are looking for manipulation. And especially whenever we make clear moves into these zones that we've been talking about. We talked about this fair value gap yesterday. We said it would be ideal if ETH would come down into this. Now, that's exactly what happens. And look at this massive reaction.
So what do we use to confirm?
these gaps right like this. Well, we use a shift in market structure with displacement. So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to wait for price to kind of come down. I'm obviously not going to set a limit at this point just yet because this massive gap, I don't think that it's really given the highest risk to reward. I mean, it could, you know, we don't know exactly where it's going. I think that there is a very big chance we come take these highs out.
At 2030. Now we've been talking about, now I know last week I was incorrect about the bullish week last week. I can own that, but I still haven't switched overall where I'm, you know, my standpoint. So just like we talked about on indices, you know, this was a tougher week. We wanted to wait until today.
I think it's pretty clear at this point that we're moving up. Now, I could be wrong again. I don't care if I'm wrong. It is what it is. But what I see moving forward, see mass manipulation right around Election Day. We've got CPI this week, which is going to be an interesting one. But when I look at, let's go to ES chart. Let's make this a little clearer. I'm just going to delete all this. So let's just say we're just looking at this. So just do your best to.
kind of box out everything that's not inside of this box. And let's just say this was a one minute timeframe. I wish I had turned this off and not told you guys what this was. I wish there was a way I could have done that. But if I'm looking at this, I see a clear run on liquidity, a high resistance run on liquidity. We came and take this low and we click the low again. So this indicates institutional sponsorship.
We then start to consolidate a little bit, and we get our market structure shift with this placement. Now, some people might have said that was it, and if you traded up that, you won. But me, I would say that's this right there. And this is why I tweeted a while ago that I was bullish moving forward. I was talking about this fair value gap after we kind of got above this high. And then I didn't think that we were just going to make the massive move down from there.
I'm not going to say we're going to screw it straight to it, but I still have my targets of a $4,000 SPY, or ES, I should say. Now, back to this example. So this is a really good learning example. So that's why I want to...
accentuate it, is we have that high resistance run on liquidity. And this is the same, the stuff I'm going over right now, you can use on your lower timeframes to frame trades. You're going to do any timeframe, right? Because price is fractal. I hate that fucking term because it is just so outplayed and smart money, but it's true. So we can use this same ideology we're using here on a one minute chart. And you can also...
Sometimes it's easy to forget these entry models you're using on a one-minute chart, and I've tried to go over this in depth in the private classes, is all the market's doing when it's giving you this shift is it's telling you it's going higher. Now, where is it going to go? Well, if it's in a discount and we've ran liquidity, we're probably going to move to internal liquidity at a premium. I've made videos. There's been three videos I've uploaded, or two or three in the last week.
And I know I told you guys I'm going to upload one yesterday. I completely forgot. And I am going to upload one today that will go a little bit more in depth and draw in ranges. But understanding the idea that price will move from internal to external back to equilibrium, that will be your saving grace and bias. Because everybody, I've gotten so many questions on bias and it's overcomplicated a lot. And I hate the way that some of it's taught because it's not that complicated.
It is a very valuable tool. And I think a lot of times when people have a valuable tool, they want to gatekeep or they want to like give more alert to it. Like it's like some, you know, calculus algebraic equation that, you know, you're too stupid to understand or something, which it's really simple. So we take liquidity, then we take the external liquidity from the range we had created.
So you can draw it like this. I'm drawing it like this just to be a little bit more conservative. So we have this massive price range. Now what happens? We came down and take the external liquidity. Now we've broadened that range. Now once we got that shift, the first target, which we've been talking about this, you guys who've been here for a while, I'm not just doing this in hindsight. We talked about these highs. You can go to my Twitter. You can go to all the old videos. So we traded up into these highs, came above it into a
premium, and then we started to reverse. Now, why was it unlikely, in my opinion, and I still could be wrong, right? But why did I look at it that it was unlikely that we are going to just go to the bottom from there? It was possible. There were times where I look and say, okay, it's definitely possible to go take the lows. And it still is possible. But as far as terms of probability, which is what we have to think as a trader, we want to see the internal liquidity in a range
taken, you know, I guess cleaned, cleaned up, accounted for, whatever you want to call it. We want to see, yeah, that bot, I see it at Aliki. I ban them. I don't know. I hope it's gone. That bot comes in my fucking shit all the time. Sorry. But when we have a clear run on liquidity, price has gone from where? Gone from internal liquidity up here in this range.
What's going on with FTX and CZ? We're going to get into that. I just wanted to show this while it's on a, while it's fresh in my mind. We are going to get into it. I didn't just click, but you guys, I promise. But see, we'll look here. We had a range where price had moved, created an impulse. We moved where? Internal liquidity at a premium.
and we shift it down, right? Where do we go to external liquidity? We kept going, we kept taking external liquidity, then we reverted with that market structure shift. Where do we go? Back to a premium, right?
So we're kind of at that make or break it point as far as if we want to continue up because we have had this shift down. Now, remember, we've talked about this in the private classes quite a bit. What are these shifts telling us? Just the same shifts we use to enter a trade. All it's telling you is that price is reaching towards something. Now, how far it's going to reach is all dependent on the context of the market. If you get a market structure shift here, you're going to look for a premium. If you get a market structure shift here,
You could potentially look for the lows, but we've discussed a lot how that is a lower probability due to the fact that there is still internal liquidity. Now, it is possible. I never know anything for sure. That's why I can be wrong. You have to understand that. Anybody that trades is going to be wrong. The people who are afraid to be wrong or they act like they're never wrong, those people probably are making no money because they're afraid of being wrong.
Those are demo traders. Those aren't real. So you have to just look at things in probability. So for instance, if we take the shift here and we say, okay, it's reaching lower. Well, we could say it's reaching here. We could say it's reaching here, or we can look at it and say, okay, we might be reaching down to some kind of order block because price still has purpose to travel higher, right? There's internal liquidity here. There's liquidity here. We just formed equal highs.
Remember, we're looking at all of this as a magnet to price. We've got midterm elections today. We've got CPI on Thursday. So maybe the CPI, who knows, maybe we pump into this dump from CPI because it wouldn't be kind of ironic, that's the last CPI day that we had that was a massive dump. Now, the other CPI day was right here. Notice how these high impact news events just happen to occur and cause these key...
monumental moments in price action. It's not a coincidence, right? Now, another thing I want to point out, and the reason why I like this zone up here, and you can even refine it to these unbalanced price ranges.
And now why do I pick that? Well, because there is no trading here and only the buy side was being offered, right? Once we passed through the first time. So then we pushed down and only the sell side was offered on this run. So we have an unbalanced price range. Now, what is the idea behind imbalances? I'll give it a second. If somebody can put in the YouTube chat or in the Discord, just write to me what an imbalance is. Why does it matter to us?
I'll give it just a second. Braden's typing. It's a race. Unfilled orders. Anonymous is typing. Let me give it a couple seconds to see if there's other. Gives us a confluence of smart money. Okay, not wrong. Order is waiting to be filled after a large move. Just one side of Lick was offered. There are orders left. Price hasn't been offered to both buyers and sellers. Okay, so none of those are wrong.
The answer that I'm going to accentuate on is zero and mushy-mush. Now, whenever we're talking about price illiquidity not being offered or illiquidity not being reprived, all these fancy terms, what does that actually mean?
It just means that there was no trading going on in that zone. Now, there is a pretty handy tool that you can use to kind of accentuate your bias that there was probably no trading going on in this massive move. Now, on top of the fact that it's a massive imbalance that we said there's no trading going on there, we have other gaps. Really, all of this you could really say is one massive gap because if you look, yes, there's a volume imbalance here, but what is the right after that? A fair value gap.
Then another volume imbalance. Massive area right here where there's just a ton of inefficient price action. Now, inefficient price action just means that trading wasn't going on. Think of it like that. So now, what other tool? This is the fixed range volume profile. I don't recommend using the volume profile indicator for this.
But what this does is it shows you where high amounts of trading happen within a given price swing. So notice, you know, I'm not really worried of the value high, the value low, and the POC. Notice what you see here. Now, these bars...
right here are showing where volume was occurring. You're buying volume and you're selling volume. Notice we don't even have anything there now. People call it a volume shelf. There's a lot of different strategies on how to use the volume profile. One of the best traders that I know that uses the volume profile, or just one of the best traders I know in general, Robbie, you guys in the Discord know him. He's literally probably the best options day trader I've ever seen. He uses the volume profile a lot.
I've studied the way he uses it, and I find a lot of the time that it corresponds with smart money concepts or with areas of price action that I am looking at. Now, the part that corresponds is the idea that price returns to volume shelves. Now, remember, the idea behind imbalances was there is not efficient trading going there. Price was not offered to both buyers and sellers.
All right, so algos need to rebalance their books, like Jag said. So if there's no trading here, and the idea is that there was only one side of liquidity being offered, basically there is no trading, and we can use the volume profile to complement that bias, what does that tell you? The price is likely to return here. Now we use other tools in our arsenal, such as market structure shifts, such as bullish order flow and a discount, such as liquidity and a premium.
to further complement and act as confluences to the bias that we have a good case to go up. Now, we also operate in the awareness that this can be totally wrong. Now, here is where it's a fine line between forcing your narrative and creating a lot of psychological trauma if you're wrong, and understanding that you have to pick a side, and that side you choose with logical.
data that you never know is going to be for sure right. But that is my reasoning and looking at this exhibit of price action, why I think that. So I hope that that, I feel like that was a pretty good explanation and I hope you guys can learn from that. That is something I wanted to go over because it was just kind of fresh moment. Most of the stuff that I go over with you guys, no shit. I literally don't even, I don't plan it. Just the good stuff, like this is totally improv. But
In this example, we're at a make or break point, so anything can happen. We are at an imbalance right here, fulfill. This order block, if you want to look at that, looks like we're coming a little bit over the mean threshold.
There's probably lower time frames in there. So again, a lot of manipulation coming up this week. We'll see. But I think eventually price is going to move up to here. Now, am I going to put a day or a time on it? No. But as long as the price action is shifting up, that's what I would look for. Now, really what I want to see us get over is going to be this up here. Now, obviously, that's getting us basically to the draw. But that is what I would like. And I also like this. So if I'm looking right here.
Another thing I'm going to go over really quick is the, let me go to my ESZ chart, power of three this morning. Also, I got painfully stopped out at breakeven. That was another thing. I shouldn't have put this at breakeven yesterday. I hit full TP after, but it's okay. So the power of three.
It's basically just accumulation, manipulation, distribution. That's all that is. We're trying to form the open high and low close of a candle. So for instance, if we have a buy day.
and we are looking to get in close to the best point of the day, you're obviously going to want to get in right here on the wick. So that is where you're going to have that manipulation.
coming down here in the wick. Now the accumulation is often going to happen towards the open of the candle. Now it's important to note that the opening time of a daily candle is not always where you're going to see that. We know that with most assets, you want to look right around New York midnight and you want to see manipulation going to the London session. So I've drawn this line at the midnight open. So we see, let's go to the five minute. I mean, it can't be clearer than this. So we have a nice little consolidation here.
Then we see that flush. Now, where do we see this flush? Right at the London and during the London kill zone. Massive expansion out. If we go back to a 15-minute, we take the high, which is right here, that we had made before the New York retracement. Because we know the characteristics, we're going to see the manipulation in London, the Judas Swing expansion. New York session is likely to provide a retracement for entry. And where is it going to retrace to?
Oftentimes, it's going to come back down to points of interest at an optimal trade entry. So I'm going to draw this so you can see it. It's red, but I look at that. Imbalance, right at optimal trade entry. So very clear manipulation. This is what you call a buy day. Now, this just helps with bullish daily bias that we just went over on the daily chart.
So these are all ways you can try to get in towards the wick, which is most likely going to be somewhere in here or around the open. And you can try to capitalize off the daily range because as day traders, your number one objective should be to catch the move of the day. You're not trying to catch the move of the year or snipe the generational bottom, maybe in your equity port or maybe on your swing trading port. But when we are trading.
as day traders, especially on funnel accounts, you don't need more than this. You don't even need half this to make a fucking lot of money. So that was another way you could have used to catch a bullish move in the morning or compliment your trading. Now, so let's get into the Binance stuff because I don't want to stay too, I hope that was helpful to you guys.
Well, let's start with Bitcoin, actually, and Ethereum. So we have these zones we've talked about. Bitcoin took a much stronger dump here.
But we had talked about this zone and I had set an alarm for something down here. I think it was refined imbalance down here. I don't know if I can't remember. I don't remember setting that, but it seemed like it was pretty nice as far as a point of interest. I think it was refining this daily zone here, but we came back down. Now, if we take this and it's optimal trade entry.
Into those refined zones and we have seen a shift here now I will say I don't necessarily think that we're just gonna full-on reverse from right there Just based off that I think it has a chance to but I think we need more
So as far as what does it mean for, do I think this is just like the generational bottom that we're going to fucking fly from here? I think it's too early to say that. Now, what I will say is that I see heavy amounts of manipulation and fear spread across a market.
I see a potential bullish stock market. Don't get me wrong. Don't come back and say I said we're going to bull run because I'm not saying that. But again, we don't need to know the generational bottom is to be day traders. We just have to know what we're doing right now. So what I want to see is I would like to see this gap sustained, right? Even if it's small, even if it ends up being just a tiny gap. I want to see that gap sustained, the fair value gap.
If that happens, we're already in some longs, but I will see more upside in our future. As far as what it means, I don't think there's a technical way to be sure of that, but I am leaning more bullish.
Because we have high resistance run on liquidity into our zone that we've been talking about. Now, notice this isn't a coincidence. These zones we talk about before stuff happens, then you have unpredictable events. There's no way any of us could have known the events. And there's no way any of us could have known what's going to happen. I didn't even think I was actually on the phone. Broham's in here. I was on the phone with Broham this morning talking about the shit. And I was like, oh, my God, fucking Binance.
uh apparently bought ftx that's probably it's like no that was real so like you see that's unpredictable stuff that like you couldn't even fathom is going to happen especially that quickly but notice what you can fathom is where price goes and where price is likely to go that never changes so we've been talking about potential push up after he came down in this imbalance and that's exactly what happened
So let's take a look at Total. I haven't looked at Total. I saw Glacier posting something on Total recently and it made me think I was like, damn, I'm slacking on doing analysis on this because I haven't really been that involved in crypto. So I want to do some like really deep analysis here on Total just to see what I'm seeing here. So if I'm looking at the monthly chart.
I would almost want to draw like this. Now, a good friend of mine, Ezekiel, some of you guys may know who that is, but he showed me this on Bitcoin. And I want to see it on total. So now I want to draw. Now, people are starting to get probably bullish as shit. I'm not sitting here telling you to do that. I'm not. But I want to notice that from the expansion from COVID to the all-time high, we are sitting at optimal trade entry consolidating on the monthly chart.
inside of a fair value gap. That's the monthly. Now on the weekly, we have got a decent shift right here in my opinion. And we're inside of a fair value gap. Now notice, this is with the manipulation that's going on.
Another thing that I want to point out is that, God, Silas had just trimmed shorts because of this. But I don't mean to, again, don't let me sway your bias. I'm not sitting here going to tell you. I think it's the craziest thing ever. Just sell shorts, buy the bottom. But I am going to tell you. I bought some equity in the private server. You guys know what coin we bought.
You know, and Playboy got a ton of coins. I know some of them got stopped to break even after this manipulation. We have like Link. I mean, there's a lot of stuff that we've been seeing from a technical standpoint on a smaller scale. But now when you look at things in a larger scale, we have this shift right here. Now the monthly chart is an optimal trade entry. If we go to the weekly chart on the total, I would consider this our new...
range on the weekly. Because the reason I'm not picking this down on total is because when we look, we have an obvious range. Price moves down, price moves up. Now, why did I not pick this low? Well, because this high hadn't been taken. So that's all one swing to me. Now, until this low gets taken,
which it did down there. We didn't really see any kind of move until right here. That's where I see the overall... Actually, this is making me... I'm just curious about something. Goddamn Moonboy Center, but I'm just kidding. I'm not trying to instill that in anybody. I'm just curious of something. My old harmonic self just saw something. I don't think that's valid because I think the sharks are the...
because this that has the higher let me just it's been a while since i did harmonics let's see it's the shark um or garley actually this might be a garley i just typed in garley i might need to put my mind so i know that the 786 is what you look for there i think on the garley right is it the yeah it is so well um
Theoretically, that would be a little bit out of the error rate that I used to use. I used to use a 3%. But if you use, this is what? Let's see. That's 8% out.
This is only 3% out. And then this is, you know, that could be garlic. Now I'm just calling, I'm just drawing out to you. I don't really use harmonics, but notice how there is that there. You're at optimal trade entry. And then we have the weekly range. I just saw that when I was drawing the swing pattern. We have the weekly range and we want to look here and see.
The first question is, do we have liquidity taken after the old liquidity was taken? Took it there, there. So what do we have right at equilibrium? Under it is a massive order block. Remember, just like we talked about in the daily chart, what is the market structure shift trying to tell us? We've taken liquidity here. This would lead us to believe that we could see some upside. Now, where do we look to upside?
the equilibrium range Again, I'm not gonna tell you guys. I think we're just gonna go through a bore or anything But I do think that some upside movement is possible and maybe you guys don't agree with me, but this is just my my
Yes, I said, Casper says to long everything, looking for my mom's credit card. No, no, I'm not saying that. I just, I'm just, more or less, I'm just calling this with you guys. Like, I'm looking at it with you guys. We're looking at it together. If you guys have any other stuff to, you know, add, you know, we're learning together at this point with this. Because, I mean, I'm just saying that the cases that I see that people I respect have kind of brought to my attention too. And, you know, I don't know. We'll see. And balance right here as well.
So I don't know. I think we could have some upside movement. Now, again, low-hanging fruit. Not trading today because of news. Yeah, that was the main factor. I just didn't trade this morning. I'm starting to kind of like really just consider starting to trade news. I know that's like – right now it's kind of my rule not to, but to be honest, every – well, not trade during the news. Don't get me wrong. But like every time I do that, I watch and I'm like, damn, that's free. Like so free.
like this morning i was watching the market maker sell model on i need to go over that too i said i would go over that but it was so free like the the shorts and the longs this morning on indices were like it's like the that you see in a textbook almost you know it's so so clear because most of the time you learn these price models it's like you know for instance like when you learn market structure people be like oh break a structure you know uh long at the order block and price just
You know, that's theory. And then you have like, you know, reality.
which is something like that, you know, and you have a lot of stuff going on in between, you know, just the simple explanation you see. But then today it's like you had this kind of stuff, just so clear, or I said clear and clear in the same word. What do you know about that? But yeah, I mean, I don't know. Now, again, we want to layer this, do more confirmation, of course. So don't go and just say fucking, oh my God, it's going to the moon. But now how do we layer this? Now, what I want to see here.
because we're still laying at the confirmations. We're only in the daily chart. What I want to see here is another daily impulse move with displacement on total, so to speak. So that would be the next layer of confirmation.
Now, if we start to see that, I am going to start looking for some equity and some coins more than we already have. Now, we've already got some entries. I mean, the last two weeks in the server have been fucking awesome, especially because crypto hasn't been really that rewarding lately, in my opinion. It hasn't really been. You guys probably that have been with me for the last month think I'm like the biggest scrooge of crypto. But I love trading crypto. That's what I used to trade only was crypto.
And lately it hasn't been great. I still do prefer day trading indices, but it was really nice to see that many signals that were winning given in the server and everybody kind of eating and everything going nice. So between me, Glacier and Playboy, we've like players that we killed crypto. So and that's just because the market provided it. Now, if I start to see more indicative price action.
then I'm going to start looking for more exposure. But again, day by day, it's very important to not get like, I know there's a good amount of you watching this shit like, oh my God, he's right, dude. This is the fucking bottom. I'm not trying to put that in your head. So don't come back if we just dump and be like, dude, he said it was the bottom.
And like Player said, swings are nicer in crypto. That's kind of my strategy with crypto now is to swing. Now, again, what I want to see here is a daily shift in structure. Now, you know, we can kind of try to get aggro with that because we've been watching the daily chart, refining that weekly shift. And, you know, you can start to anticipate the daily shift with a one hour shift. Now, what have we got? Now, I will say on total, which I'm going to start doing more total TA, that right there is a low resistance run on liquidity.
Now, what I mean by that is see how he came down. We took a lot of liquidity on the first jab, but we didn't take liquidity again. Usually you're going to see those. And the reason they're called low resistance runs on liquidity is because they're not very strong levels. So it wouldn't be surprising to see maybe even a push up and then a massive move down and then the true move. So what the idea is behind that and trying to simplify it without giving you guys like a algebraic explanation is very simple.
We have early traders that you want to see get stopped out. It's just like how when we look at market structure shifts, we want to see that run on stops, push down with displacement, indicating that smart money is selling to those buyers. And then it pushed back to the imbalance that was created by the displacement where only one side of liquidity was being offered. It's the same ideology as just early trades get stopped out, even when you have the right idea. And that's why I fucking hate
A lot of these smart money courses that just teach everybody, they're like, yep, strong low, weak high, long at the fucking order block. It's like, bro, there's so much more to it than that. And that's an easy way to teach people. It may work for some people because some people kind of just catch on. But I think that it's important to really wait for those runs of liquidity. And a lot of it comes down to patience. So I wouldn't, again, I wouldn't be surprised to see us make some more lows. It wouldn't be the end of the world. Wouldn't shift any of this.
But ideally for longs, what you're wanting to see is a fair value gap. Wrong candle. And this is for total. Again, I haven't done total to you in a while, but the fair value gap maintain here and then more bullish price action on the... So you want to see the same thing on all timeframes. So for instance, you'd want to see the same thing like right here.
on maybe a five minute, same exact thing. So just kind of like zooming in, you want to see the same shift, same thing you're doing. It's just, again, that's what people mean when they say price is fractal. You're just using candles to tell you what is going on. Like is the market drawing up towards buy side liquidity or is it drawing towards sell side liquidity? You tell that by displacement in the market structure. Then you use other price delivery rates or POIs like order blocks and fair value gaps.
to then frame those entries. And you can continuously layer this as many times as you want. And it's just really up to you. And that's where everything, you know, my whole idea is I want to kind of give you guys the tools and tell you how I use them and show you a couple different ways to use them. But a lot of times the best traders are going to figure out their own ways to use things. I mean, there's a million ways to a million, you know.
everybody's fucking troll they said starts cutting audio so casper reads out bottoms in i mean that shit's funny gold this morning oh yeah gold yeah i killed shorts this morning for sure gold went crazy this morning
God damn. I didn't realize I went this high, to be honest. Well, guys, we hit the target we've been talking about. And I literally said this. I was like, this is going to be the fuck shit gold does. Because we were down here, maybe at this low, and I was like, you know, guys, I wouldn't be surprised to just see this get completely manipulated. I think we are over here. We made a triple bottom. Yeah, see? Like you said, I said it's the gold thing to do, to leave all these lows and just fly. So I don't really like overall trading gold because it's harder for bias.
Same thing with the weekly lows here. I mean, it was like, bro, this was literally for two years. Equal lows. Retail traders were fucking feasting buying support right here.
Then we have all this up here. So it's like, it's just, I wouldn't be surprised to see gold make a really big run after taking all this out. Like on gold's monthly chart, I know this was like the fucking talk of the town for a while. And guys that are just, I'm not saying I fucking trade cup and handles or anything, but I'm just showing you what everybody was talking about, where these massive cup and handles, which you can see people got absolutely manipulated like hell on, right?
completely destroyed here. I remember when this was going on, but over time, what a cup and handle is, is basically accumulation and then expansion and potential reaccumulation. Now, I'm not a big Wyckoff guy, but those are cycles of the market. And the reason I'm not a big Wyckoff guy is because I think that it leads to a lot of overthinking and lack of execution, or at least a lack of an executable strategy. But I do see potential here.
of a massive accumulation oh good you hold on i need to fix this so let me do this keep i'm like a procrastinator with my trading view settings so maybe i'm not you know this hasn't been confirmed yet so again i'm just showing you guys i used to not say things like this because people be like bro you said this was the bottom
How about potential? And I don't think it would be this quick. Who knows? Am I? I don't know. And I do know another thing too. A lot of countries are buying up a lot of gold. But you know, like accumulation manipulation setup. It's not a cleanest as far as drawing it. And then because you have a very clear target. Don't add me if it doesn't work. But I see it as a possibility for sure. I used to not share like all the crazy things that I'd see on super high time frames. But then a lot of the times they're fucking right. And I'm like, damn, I should have said something about that.
I'm just going full fucking Moonboy on you guys today. No, I mean, everything you have to take day by day. Fucking players said life savings and gold.
No, I'm just kidding. I'm just using you guys' liquidity. No, no, that's fucked. But I'm just sharing what I see. Now, are these things that I'm going to execute off of? Absolutely not. Are these things that I want to watch and be operating in the context of once, I guess, confirmations? Yeah, definitely. Now, if gold somehow manages to fucking gig a chat over 1730 with displacement and leave a gap, yeah, I'm probably going to look for long-term swings on gold positions.
Because that's something that I do want to expose myself to, maybe not on my funded account, but on a personal account, or maybe even load up an options account for leaps, but is some long-term position trading. Because again, a lot of the time, it's harder to have the psychology to do that.
I think that as long as you trust your TA, you can do a lot of stuff that you wouldn't otherwise do. Every time I look at someone, I'm like, that shit's crazy. That's not going to happen. It fucking happens. Almost every time. I'm going to post this to Twitter and just give all the gold moon boys a fucking dose of hopium. I need to throw this and this will be the massive fucking hopium dose. It's not confirmed.
But, you know, shift over that, I would say. I would look at this like that. HG. Is HG Copper? And I want to look at EU for Adeliki first. Took it long before the impulse move. You're in a fucking great move today, I bet, then. Yeah, we were talking about these equal highs a while ago. I wanted this to get fucking taken, but it didn't. It's okay. One thing with EU.
You know, we came down to this monthly area right here. We took these lows. So, you know, we might start to see that retracement, see DXY push down. And again, DXY pushing down with a lot of stuff. It's just, it's the reason I like it, these ideas. Yeah, Binance bought FTX zero. Okay, where the hell you been, zero? You don't have Twitter, do you?
Or read the damn title. I'm just messing with you. I'm just, I'm totally messing with you. I hope you get the humor. But I'm going to delete this. When we look at euro dollar, we are down. Another thing, we've reclaimed parity, which with the dollar over the one, barely, but over the one 1.0 mark. Came down into this move. I'm just curious. This is just me just fucking around at this point.
Yeah, it came under it. Now, it came down under this liquidity right here from 2002 on EURUSD and into this imbalance right there. I'm not going to say this is the bottom for EURUSD, but I'm just showing you guys on a high timeframe, there is a possibility for reversal. Now, again, what are we looking for? Because for me, I may have been wrong. I wasn't satisfied with that.
Not for the reason there wasn't really displaced with it. You know, we wicked off of it. There wasn't really any kind of clear indicative price action that that was a shift. So I'm still operating in the course of this range till it's broken or till the weekly tells you something different. So, you know, if we get a nice shift or that form imbalance, it's the same thing with total. It's all stepping stones. You know, we got to look and say, okay.
The monthly is telling us this. Well, how are we going to confirm the story the monthly is telling us? We're going to go to the weekly. Okay, the weekly confirms that monthly narrative. Well, now we're going to use the weekly narrative to go to the daily. And you can continuously go until you actually frame your trade around it. But bias, you know, monthly, weekly, daily. And monthly and weekly bias take a lot of time to play out. And they're misunderstood a lot. Like people are like, oh, bullish weekly bias? I long every day this week. Well, oftentimes, which we taught a whole class on this.
about the weekly manipulation is, you know, when you have power of three occurs on all timeframes. So if you have a weekly candle, just like we talked about that daily candle, having the accumulation at midnight manipulation in the London session and distribution after the New York retracement, we oftentimes will see the same kind of phenomena happening on a weekly candle. But, you know, think of that midnight accumulation as Monday, Tuesday, potentially Wednesday.
And then you see manipulation in the middle of the week, usually with high impact news, and then distribution to the target of the weekly bias. And it happens on every time frame. I said GMT is so good for shorts. What ever happened to this shithole? Yeah, I don't know. Me personally, I think your attention is worth more than this overall. I probably wouldn't short it, though. I'm just going to be dead honest with you.
I could be wrong, but I like that 6.64 target. I could totally be wrong though, but that's where I would see price moving towards.
Maybe even higher, but that's what I would see. Another thing I want to go into today is DXY. We've been talking about this for a while as well. I did want us to retrace higher, but rapid expansion moving down. So this is a good example of inefficient ranges. Just because we want a price to come up to an area, doesn't mean it always will. Once it gets close to these higher timeframe draws, remember, the closer it gets, the bigger this magnet gets, the stronger it gets, and the less.
uh price is going to do what you want and the more it's going to say you and do what it's doing so we talk i've talked to this for quite a while on twitter is these equal lows right here at 109 275.
You got right below it. Now, do I see DXY potentially going lower? 100%. I think that's a very big possibility. We've got here, we've got a lot of stuff. I mean, good God, DXY has been just railing. Now, again, you know me, I'm all about stepping stones because I'm primarily a day trader. So I'm going to kind of go one target to the next because I think trying to extend everything in a massive way, unless you're going to execute off of it, is kind of...
counterintuitive to your trading psychology so we have a you know liquidity rate here massive displacing down return up to most likely an optimal trade entry of uh that right there expansion away from it now what are we seeking towards this low and this imbalance we might be going lower so again day by day guys but we've been talking about this nice little volume imbalance of this gap down here
We'll probably see price trade back into that after this. Now, even if we come down here, I mean, this displacement, we could see some up movement, which would be down movement in all the markets we've been talking about, which is going to be normal. But I mean, there's a lot of places you could reverse.
Somebody's asking, what is going to happen to all the FTX accounts? My guess, which I'm not an insider at the place, as far as, I don't know why I said the place, an insider at Binance or FTX. My guess is that Binance is going to acquire them. And for now, it will still remain FTX. So I think that all the people, they are safe.
I don't know, though. If you're not safe and if something happens, don't come back and say, oh, you told me I was safe. But I would say that if I was on FTX, I would not have my money on there, and I would probably not be using it. That's just me, even after this news. I think that's why they halted withdrawals is because a lot of people probably agreed with that logic.
I think that in the long run, it will probably be okay. All this, the stuff that's happening, again, like I was saying earlier in the video, we don't know for sure anything, but what I see is a lot of fear spread across the market, then quickly eradicated after price had reached key levels.
You know, it's it's not coincidence and it's also not something we're going to be able to necessarily clearly understand. Oh, you know, there's probably a lot of behind doors stuff that happens that none of us will ever know. But all we can use is price by itself. And then we can look back at different occurrences like let's just do something with this with Bitcoin and back in the COVID era. So let's look at this. Take a look at this. This is the COVID wick right here.
This is a lower timeframe. I'll just use this weekly. Is that any coincidence to you guys? You guys think that we just came back down to that order block and rallied off of it? I mean, look at that. It's the same kind of shit we look for in a one hour chart. This is a weekly of Bitcoin from 2017 bull run all the way to the COVID crash, mitigating this right here and filling this imbalance. And then what happened? Came up here. We got that shift. Price came down to what? Discount.
an optimal trade entry, a fair value gap. Now, it's not just coincidence that that kind of stuff happens. Now, of course, I'm not saying you could go back to, oh, we're going here, but I'm actually curious something. I want to see something really quick.
I think it was. I remember it was pretty close to like a third extension. I mean, this is all just price discovery. You never know. This is more for fun. I want to encourage you guys trying to do that to trade off of, unless you're using the ranges that we talked about. And we had a whole class on that in the private server. I wrote a thread on some of it, kind of giving an overview too. I'll start doing that as well.
So CZ sold his FTT token and bought FTX. I think a lot of that was just FUD to manipulate the market as far as all that. I would pay attention to what the chart's telling you and then confirm your suspicions of manipulation.
Synapse said, I would love to know who designed the algorithm and how it fully operates. I don't know. I don't think it's just like one algorithm or something like that. I think it's just kind of like the agreement between really large elite funds in the world. And, you know, it's kind of, it's just order pairing. It's not, I think it gets a little bit more. It is like some price of dark shit, but all that really is.
It doesn't necessarily matter as much in terms of price action. Now, again, to kind of recap, I'm not telling you that price is just fucking going to the moon from here. I'm just giving you guys analysis. You do what you want with it. That's another thing from OT. Now, again, what are we looking for? We've only got a weekly and a monthly idea. We still need the daily to give us a shift. That is what I'm really in a way for, is the daily to give us a massive bullish push.
I'm going to give us a shit tomorrow. That might take days. It might not happen. We could just go to 17.5 from here. Don't start getting bullish fucking moon boy syndrome and full port grandma's pension and longs or anything like that. I'm just telling you guys things I see. Yeah, that's a pretty cool stream I feel like today. I'll share with you guys some perspective. Is my sound on Discord through my headset? Okay, it is.
I was making sure we've been talking. But yeah, that's really it for today. To sum it up again, what I think that CZ and its buying out FTX means, I just think that it shows mass manipulation while we're at key levels. And we want to use that as a complement to our price action. Because again, we don't trade off news, but we can look at news drivers as learning experiences when they occur and coincide with key levels and manipulation.
or potential manipulation. Because we don't know. This might not be a manipulation. The market might just continue to just shit its pants. What do we need? Probably going to see another low here. Probably going to see consolidation before any kind of move up like we were talking about. I wouldn't be surprised to see these lows. Like I said earlier, it looks like that's what's going to happen. Again, day by day, I'm not just telling you guys it's the bull run. I can't say that enough because I know if it doesn't play out, people are going to be like, you said...
Bitcoin is going all-time high. And even then, even if we do start seeing – I'm not saying any kind of chance of a bull run because the world, I think, is an economic ruin. But I do see upside is the point of that. Maybe back up above these highs. We're not talking about any kind of crazy shit here. So I just want to be clear on that. But anyways, guys, yeah, exactly. Like you said, the pump's retracing. That was what we said at the beginning is that that low doesn't – that didn't really –
Wasn't convincing, especially on total. So on total, like I was saying that lower distance run, that's going to get most likely going to get cleared. Another thing to take into account is how the stock market is going to react because we are in a premium. So crypto is in mass manipulation mode. So my advice, and again, I'm not a financial.
advisor. I hate even saying that, but it's just, you never know. But I wouldn't be like balls deep in crypto right now as far as like any kind of like risky stuff, especially based on, don't say that I'm telling you guys to do anything crazy, but just be aware that it's like, you know, the markets and like that search and destroy mode where everybody's probably going to get fucked. And if that idea is correct, like that we do make some moves up.
It's not going to be that easy to just catch. The idea of this kind of stuff, remember, mass manipulation, it's going to be painful. It's going to be a grueling delivery to where price is going to go. I do think there will be much more manipulation before any kind of move, though, regardless if it's upward down. And another thing, too, to keep in mind, this will be the closing thoughts. Remember, with total,
The whole idea is that we're, you know, at that optimal trade entry. But remember, I mean, this can still take the low and still be, you know, at that same in the same area. So it's not I'm not saying that it has to work or any of that. So I just want to be clear on that. I've probably said it 50 times, but I'm going to get some fucking LARP. It's going to tell me if this if we don't just fucking go to 40K or something, they're going to be like, dude, you fucking said there's a bull run. Fuck you.
But on that note, guys, I appreciate you all coming through. We had a bunch of viewers today. So cool. I hope that was for everybody. Jack Zero said the different time frame liquidity was tripping me up, but your daily view made more sense to me than my understanding of it. Also, Tyler said having...
trouble holding to first tp i always front run them and especially my final type profit even if my trade is going in my favor how can i overcome this psychological weakness that's a great question so what that is is just the fear of being wrong or the fear of losing money so you have to look at trading like a casino looks at blackjack so the casino which is the house which has the better odds always makes money over time
It might not make money on each hand or each couple hands, but at the end of the day, it makes money. So your objective is to become the house when you're trading in the market. So you know that you might not make money this trade or next trade or the next trade, but you know, over time, your system is going to make money. Now, how do you kind of develop confidence that that is the case in your scenario? Forward testing, back testing.
paper trading with accounts can help you determine that your system is profitable for instance you know maybe you trade only with your daily bias you use one hour to
Somebody said there's a book called Trading Like a Casino. Cool. That'd be pretty cool to read. And Mark Douglas, Trading in the Zone. That's where I'm getting a lot of this. It's a great book. But the whole idea is to develop a strategy. Maybe, you know, we went over. I literally went over trade management in the private class in the Discord this past Sunday. And I wrote a thread on it, too. So go to my Twitter if you want to get a thread. If you want to get the class, you can.
Use the code, my code. It's in the description to get a free trial and you'll get access to the class. But it's just really having confidence in a system and having a mechanical trade management system. And even then you're going to make mistakes. I make mistakes. I got stopped out at breakeven yesterday. And then the trade hit full, full fucking take profit. So it's like.
You know, it happens. It's not you're never going to be perfect. I still make mistakes all the time. But the key is really just trusting yourself and not being afraid to be wrong. Like, let that fucking trade hit the stop loss. And if you're not OK with that happening, lower your risk.
That's another really good one. Let's say if you're risking 1%, there's no rule that says you have to risk 1%. If you're risking 1% and that number is too painful to see go out the window, risk half a percent. If that doesn't work, risk 0.25%. Lower your risk until it doesn't matter if you lose. That's true risk management because your psychology is everything in trading. And if you're afraid to lose, you will lose. That's point blank period.
On that note though, guys, I am going to hop off here. I really appreciate you guys coming through. I'm going to upload a video. I'm going to start working on that as soon as we get off here. I got to get the description, everything written, and it's going to be on how to draw ranges. I think that it's premium and discount and internal external liquidity is slapped on a lot because everybody just wants to learn what a fucking order block is, but hopefully it helps. There's a couple other videos that I've uploaded the last week that you guys can watch.
But yeah, as always, I appreciate you guys. DMs are always open and let's not get chopped up in these manipulated markets and see what we can do and then see what they show us. And I will be back here tomorrow at noon and I'll see you guys there. Peace.
