This is the best one minute scalping strategy because it consistently gives me days like this, this, and this. And it's so stupid simple that even complete beginners couldn't mess it up. And the best part is it works every single day. And in this video, I'm going to teach you the full strategy and do a one month back test to prove that this can instantly make you a profitable trader. The goal of this strategy is to find winning trades using three simple steps.
in less than 90 minutes per day step number one is to draw the high and the low of the 9 30 a.m eastern standard time five minute candle to do this we're gonna head over here to the left on trading view and you're just gonna mark out the high and the low and these are your only trading levels for the entire day this works in all markets futures stocks forex options or crypto and you use the same time every single day step number two is we're going to head to the one minute chart
and wait for a break you do this by clicking the one minute button here on trading view and this brings us to a chart where each candle represents one minute of trading time at this time you're going to patiently wait for a break now i want to be very clear when we're looking for a break we want to make sure that it's not just a wick it is very important that we get an energetic push like you see here because this tells you instantly who is in control
whether it's buyers or sellers but knowing who is in control alone won't make us money so let's hop right into step number three which is how we find what i like to call a displacement entry now there's a very specific behavior that we're looking for and i'll walk you through that in depth later in the back test but first i want to let you guys know that i have built a totally free community for traders who want to simplify their trading and find consistency
inside i've got a free course i post my outlook on the market and a ton of more cool stuff so i'll leave a link in the description to join it's totally free now before we get into the entry i want to ask you a very important question if you had a proven strategy are you the type of person to actually stay consistent with it well i hope the answer is yes because this is the most important skill that
any profitable trader has. And with a strategy that is as simple and repeatable as what I'm teaching you today, you have everything you need to finally become a consistent trader. So to find our entry, you may be wondering, what is displacement? Well, simply put, it is just an energetic move in the market that shows us who is in control. The pattern we're going to use to confirm our displacement entry is called a fair value gap.
Fair value gaps are very simple. They're just a three candle pattern where the middle candle leaves a gap between the candle before its wick and the candle after its wick. This blue shaded zone you see here is a fair value gap. In order for the market to create a fair value gap, there must be big players that are active in the market, especially when it is through the first five minute candle because
this five minutes has higher volume than any other five minute period of the day so when the first candle is broken and you get an fvg through the level this gives us our trade entry so since we broke through the high we're going to be looking for a buy position and to do this we're going to go over here to the left on trading view we're going to click the long position tool because a long is a buy as soon as that third candle closes in the fair value gap you are good to enter your trade to place our stop loss
which is where we want to cut our losses if we're wrong you're going to put it at the first candles low that closed outside of the range and for our target we're just going to go for a fixed two to one risk to reward this means that on our winning trades we will make twice as much in profit as we lose on our losing trades and this is very important as you'll see later in the back test after you've entered the trade and you've set your stop loss and your target
you're good to sit back and let the market do the heavy lifting for you. And as you can see, the target was hit on this trade and we were able to make $2,700 in 11 minutes of trading time. And I don't know if you noticed earlier, but one of the profit slips that I showed you in the intro was from this exact day where I was able to make $10,000 trading the first candle rule, which is the name of the strategy. Now that you've learned the strategy, it's time to put it to the test.
that way you have the clarity and confidence needed to trade consistently and you can see how it did over the last month but first i need you to pause your screen and read this disclaimer in full over the last month there were a total of 17 trades 64 of those were profitable which led to 8 180 in profits and this test was done just using one contract
if you made it this far congratulations because you now have a simple and repeatable trading strategy if you want to see more examples and learn more about this strategy then watch the video that's on your screen right now thank you guys for watching and i'll see you in the next video
