What if I told you that the more complicated your trading strategy is, the more money you will lose. But the more that you simplify, the faster you can become profitable. Most traders are stuck on a hamster wheel of complexity. They're convinced if they add just one more indicator or watch one more time frame that they'll finally crack the code. However, most traders never do. It's ironic, but in trading, stupid simple always wins.
And I'm about to show you a stupid simple strategy that I used to grow an account from $9,000 to over $140,000 in less than 90 days. And to prove it, as you can see here, this is my live account performance. And to make sure you fully understand this strategy, we're going to look at a full 30-day backtest, and I'll show you some recent trade examples. That way you can see it in action.
we'll also go over the common mistakes most traders make that way you can avoid them and become profitable much faster and by the end of this video you will have a complete framework for finding high probability trades in the first 90 minutes of the day there are three parts to this framework first we identify our trading range second we wait for the market to confirm its direction and last but not least we enter and manage the trade and that's it
that's the entire strategy now let's break down each step and when you see how simple this is you're going to realize that trading is not as complicated as you think step number one is to identify our trading range at 9 35 a.m eastern standard time the first five minute candle of the day closes this is the only moment that matters because the first candle sets the tone for the entire session you open your five minute chart on any market this strategy is universal
and then you just mark two levels the high of that candle and the low of that candle that's it two lines this is your trading range your chart should be clean no indicators no clutter just these two lines next for step number two we wait for the market to confirm its direction we don't predict we don't guess we just let the market show us its hand
We're looking for one specific pattern, a five minute candle that closes completely outside of our trading range. Not a wick. We need the entire candle body to close above the high or below the low. This is the market committing to a direction, but we don't want to chase it. Well, not yet, at least, because this is where most traders get wrecked. They see the breakout and they jump in only to get stopped out moments later. We, on the other hand.
wait for a retest a retest is simple after a breakout the market almost always pulls back to the level it just broke and this is the key but the real question is how do you know if it's a valid retest or a fake out designed to trap you we'll go over a simple trick to avoid these fake retests in the examples which is a common mistake that traders make when using this strategy simply put though the candle just has to trade back into the level but then it has to close
outside of the range it cannot close back inside of the range or it has an invalid retest now when this happens and you get this candle closure outside the range now you're ready to execute which brings us to step number three entering and managing the trade and this is the most important part of the strategy because knowing the direction of the market never made anybody rich only execution can do that now this is best explained on a live chart so let's hop over to trading view
we'll go over multiple real examples and go over how to avoid the common mistakes that plague most traders when using this strategy for the examples we're going to trade this strategy together over an entire week we're going to go over the wins the losses and the common mistakes that most traders make when using this strategy so step number one is to identify our trading range as you can see right here the 9 30 a.m candle on the five minute chart has closed this is on a monday and we're trading the es
meaning the S&P 500 futures market. So if we go over here to the left, we can select this trend line tool. And this is what we can use to mark out the high and mark out the low. Now we have our trading range. And this brings us to step number two, wait for the market to confirm its direction. And it also brings us to common mistake number one. Now, there are three fatal mistakes a lot of traders make with this strategy.
And this one is just getting FOMO, right? Like when the market starts to fake out, a lot of people want to enter the market. You got to remember at one time, this candle, its body was up here. And people will think, oh, well, the candle is way past the range. I'm just going to go ahead and get in now. And then what happens? Almost every time, like the market is just out to get you, when you do that, it will stop you out. But the good news is, if you can be patient, the signal for our confirmation is pretty clear. All we're waiting for.
is this closure outside of the range but remember we need a closure and a retest so just this candle closing like this isn't enough we need to see the market try to trade back into the range like it did here and then fail and close back outside of the range this shows us that these sellers who took control of the market here are defending this level and even though buyers tried to push up they failed and the sellers won this tug of war you want to think of candlesticks kind of like a tug of war right like
buyers tried really hard but then sellers won and the candle closed outside of the range and it may sound simple but this is huge for keeping a high win rate with the strategy as you'll see later on when we do the back test so this brings us to step number three which is entering and more importantly managing the trade correctly so as soon as you've got this candle closure outside of the range and then you get your retest we're good to enter a trade since we broke the low we're going to be looking to sell
So to plot out our sell position, you're going to go over here to the left, click this button, and you're going to click short position. This means that we want to make money off the market going down. So as soon as that candle closes, you're good to enter the trade. But we need to know where we want to get out if we're wrong. So the way we're going to do this is we're going to set our stop loss right here at the midpoint of this range. But we're not going to just guess where the midpoint is. We're going to go over here and we're going to select this fib retracement tool. Now all we're going to do.
is mark out the high and the low of our range now what this does is it helps us plot the midpoint exactly now you want to have your settings set up just like this so when you double click that tool it'll bring you to these settings you want to have just one point five and zero selected this just selects the exact midpoint of the range so that is where our stop loss is going to be placed
and then our target is based on our stop loss because we want to look at trading in terms of risk to reward how much do we make when we're right versus how much we lose when we're wrong so we can go ahead and drag this out which this is our target and it's showing where we're going to exit the market if we're right and we want to put it at a 2r this means that we're going to make twice as much on a winning trade as we lose when we're wrong now to actually execute the trade that we plotted out here you can go up to the left here and click sell
we're going to sell one contract then we want to place our stop loss here at the midpoint and we want to place our take profit down here at the low now as you can see we have 925 at risk to make 1850 once you click confirm and your levels are set you've done all the heavy lifting and now you want to let the market do the work for you and as you can see the market ends up running towards our target and we end up making that 1850
In about...
one hour and five minutes and this is great but a lot of traders will maybe get some beginners luck with a strategy they get some wins and then they make the mistakes that end up causing them to blow up so let's take a look at Tuesday and break down how you can avoid what holds a lot of traders back with this strategy so as you can see it's 9 30 a.m the next day and we've got the trading range marked out now all we need to do is wait for a closure outside of the range now as you can see right here we got a closure
And then the market failed to dip back into the range. And then what happens? The market rallies. So in this moment, what do you do? Well, if you're like most traders, you're going to end up getting into the market all the way up here. And that is never the right move because FOMO is 100% the killer of all traders. And oftentimes when you have FOMO, the market's actually testing your patience to see if there was a better entry. Because in my 10 years of trading,
i can tell you with confidence that anytime you feel a lot of fomo that's almost a signal that the right moment is just about to come but it's not here yet so as you can see the traders who chased here got in the market for much higher prices than the patient traders who waited for the retest and as you can see the trader who waited patiently is now heavily in profits at the same time the guy who had fomo is barely break even these small things can either make
or break you as a trader. So in this trade, we were able to net $1,325 in about 25 minutes. However, if you would have entered on this candle and had FOMO, you would have gotten a fraction of the profits and almost double the amount of time. These kind of small things will either make or break you as a trader. So this brings us to day number three and the most important mistake that nearly all of you are making without even realizing it. Here it's 9.30 on Wednesday and we've marked out our high and low.
just another normal day and then we want to wait to see if we get our breakout of the range and you guys know by now not to make the obvious mistakes like chasing wicks or having fomo but even when the market gives a good setup and we have closed outside of the range and then the market comes down and it retests the level another mistake is made very commonly now at this time we have everything we need to get into a trade so we're going to enter the trade
We're going to go over here. We're going to mark out the midpoint of our range, just like usual, just like it's any other day, just like those last two trades. But something about this trade is a little different because as this trade unfolds, we let the market do its thing, but we lose. What did we do wrong? Well, the answer is something that a lot of newer traders have a really hard time dealing with. And the answer is that we didn't do anything wrong and that the mistake.
number three the most important mistake that most traders make is they think just because they had one losing day that their strategy isn't good and they need to go back and fix something but it's silly because on this one trade we only lost 325 and on the last two days we made 1800 and then 1300 over three grand over 10 times what we had lost on this one day yet a lot of traders will still make the mistake
of hopping from strategy to strategy or trying to edit their strategy and this is what keeps most traders unprofitable and i know this because the first five years of my trading when i was unprofitable i struggled with this a lot so i've opened up a live trading room where you can sit down and watch your mentor actually execute that way you can stay consistent and have somebody there to guide you to stick through the plan
I'll leave a link at the top of the description for how you can join these live trading rooms. Now real quick, I need you to take a look at this disclaimer before we look at the backtest. So we traded that strategy together for three days, but I wanted to show you guys the backtest over 30. Over those 30 days, we had a total of 20 trading days, 70% win rate, and a total profit of $10,000.
Now, the max equity drawdown on this was only $1,000, which makes this strategy perfect for prop firms. If you guys want an 80% off discount, use code CASPER at Apex. I'll leave a link down in the description. And as you can see, we had over double the win rate when using a retest instead of just trading without one. Really quick, guys, to recap. Remember, the steps are to mark your range, then confirm your direction with a candle closure, and then execute on the retest. Most importantly, though, don't FOMO, don't chase.
and don't switch up after a loss or even a few because trading will result in some losses you're trying to be successful over time not every time so don't be so hard on yourself if you take some losses if this video is valuable to you then make sure to subscribe because i post a ton of free trading education here on youtube i have free courses hours long of me trading and everything in between so leave a comment like the video if this helped and i look forward to seeing you guys in the next one
