What's good? What's good? What's up, Adeliki? I love how you're always ready.
Yeah, so today's a pretty big day for me. I know you guys on the server and on Twitter have seen what I got funded, so I'm pretty hype about that. I'll recap the last two trades I took to get there. But I did want to do a little bit of a recap on this EU delivery this morning. Now, I know that I saw somebody ask me about it. I can't remember if it was...
who it was i think it was milksy but basically this is a great example of manipulation in the sense that you know we had this we talked about the daily low being taken out here and that we would probably see a rebound right so
As price pushed under the low, we saw what we referred to as a three drive. I think GU is a little cleaner, actually. That's right. You could look at this as a three drive. We came under the low. It's over to this area over here. And you saw we had a not one, not two.
but three drives, right? So this is a little choppy, you know, this is kind of up here, but at the end of the day, you know, liquidity was removed. There was liquidations occurring at each of these levels, right? So the early longs came in, especially at that first level, right? Because you see we had that, you know, retail perspective of support. So as price came down, you know, all the buyers wanted to get in here.
And, you know, I viewed that as support and then got liquidated. So then the next wave of traders came in. No confirmation, no structural bias to believe the market wants to go higher. Liquidated, right? With this push down. So then we have our true smart money involvement here. Smart money was buying here. And they pushed price down with this order buck. Now, you know, we could look at just the last candle. We could look at all, you know, what I like to look at here.
It's just the entire zone, all of this right here, because that's when the sell side began being offered. And that's where we reversed from. So smart money drove the price down to liquidate these early longs in order to obtain their liquidity to take price up. So the way one would play this usually is if you're looking for the longs, you can watch price within this fair value gap.
So you could watch price within all of it. You could refine maybe to what I would do is I get the fib and I draw the impulse move and I look for the fair value gap that's in a discount. It doesn't have to reverse necessarily in this zone because we know there's more gaps down below and you could even still just include that for visual. And you see that price came back down into it and didn't really get any kind of displacement breaks of structure to the upside. One could potentially argue that that's...
this right here um because you know we had this fair value gap and we see price hadn't really uh hadn't it didn't react to this fair value gap now one thing i want to point out here is when you see this formation remember we were just talking about three drives we start to see price come down into a price delivery array and a discount we know that it's drawing to some form of liquidity somewhere in here
So now that liquidity does not have to necessarily be this fair value gap or this fair value gap. It could be these lows. So a great example of what can happen to a trader who is trading smart money and doesn't pay attention to these lows and only sees the internal liquidity and ignores the external liquidity.
can easily become manipulated by the same tactics they're using to try to enter. So, you know, this trade right here, I'm going to delete some of this because we've drawn it. You guys see it. I don't like having so much stuff in my chart, but this trade here, why didn't that work? You know, because theoretically, you know, you're in discount, you're in a fair value gap, you've got a displacement breakup structure, right? Well, and you could even say there was a sweep right there.
So your trade would look something like this if you took it and taking just the next area of liquidity. You got stopped at it immediately. One candle. Now what happened? Well, whenever we have these formations where there's one and then two drives, oftentimes look for that third drive, right? But then you might say, okay, well, where was, you know.
Third drive didn't give an entry either. That's just one way I would have tried to not trade this, so to speak. Also, this wasn't during session. That could have been another reason why you wouldn't have traded it. Because I guess somebody asked me about this. Two people said something about you. One person asked about this. I think the other person was talking about this. So notice what I'm referring to is this three drive.
Now, there's one, two, three drives, and it fails, right? It's not really a three drive. We're, I guess, anticipating it to be a three drive, if you will. Yes, Fernando, the streams are recorded to watch later. They're all on my YouTube. I've got like 100 and something videos. So the problem here was not price delivery and not your areas of interest, points of interest.
It was just the time. And this is why I tell people it's extremely important to maintain discipline when talking about time and price with Forex. Also, thank you meatballs from the Discord. And then Louis said you got tricked on Aussie dollar this morning. We'll take a look at that next. So when we're looking at price.
and especially in forex and really whatever you're trading there's going to be a time of the day where it's most efficient i don't care what it is right maybe it's multiple times a day but there are certain times of day you need to develop as a rule to not trade during for one this is going to
you know, eliminate bad trades. It's going to eliminate a lot of wasted time. And for two, it's going to give you a lot of time to do other things. A lot of people, including myself, when I started trading and a lot of the people I see in the discord, they're just like always looking for a trade. And I get it. It's reasonable to think like, you know, I'm just hustling hard. I want to trade. I got to make money. You know, I'm just going to put all my time into trading and that.
almost always ends in losses of funds because the markets aren't efficient all the time the people who are moving these markets don't trade 24 7. so we want to identify you know the important times where we need to be active you know why we need to be active then because that's when the institutional volume is in play that's when a lot of money is getting moved around so you know we have from here do this
7 a.m. to 11 a.m. Now, really, the kill zone, a lot of the time for me that I've noticed is by 9 a.m., 7 a.m. to 9 a.m., but 11 a.m. is kind of the cutoff zone where I see a lot of moves. That's when the move of the day or that session has taken place, right? So, you know, where was the London session or the London move, I should say? Right around there.
Starting at 2 a.m. in this ballpark. 5 a.m. is where you want to be mostly looking for setups. Now, maybe the setup develops there and it goes 15 minutes after. What would I name my strategy? Hold on one second. Sorry, excuse me if that was loud. I trade smart money concepts, but I focus more on liquidity than supply and demand.
And we're looking, you know, we see the moves of the day are caught during key levels. For instance, here we had a displace and break a structure, entry on the fair value gap. So there was the move of that session.
you would have had a little chop but you would have hit your next liquidity target just a session low or maybe you know you wanted to target this whatever ended up hitting it see how you know these trades they occur and you can go back on your charts and test this out these charts always
are going to tell you that price is moving very volatile at one time of the day or two times for certain pairs. For instance, the euro dollar, we have the euro, which moves a lot during the, anything with the euro is going to move during the London session or any major. This is the most major forex pair there is.
And then we have New York session, but the New York Open. Now, obviously, this isn't the entire session. These are kill zones. And these are when you're going to see the rebalancing of books of market makers around these times. So then price accelerates down, takes out that liquidity. So the institutional structure here.
is bearish. We have a break of structure down, inefficiencies in the way. Once those inefficiencies are filled, we expect the opposing liquidity to be sought after. What happened? There was a trade there. Now, speaking of three drives, a lot of times we have these little accumulations coming into areas of liquidity. So for instance, somebody who's trading supply and demand that was married to the narrative of supply and demand would have just seen this.
And they would have said, okay, well, I got my 15 minute zone. One minute, you know, confirmed. Down here, I got my choch. What would have been? It would have been something like this right here. Then your new, you know, your confirmation entry. You got in the trade, right? I think you got the bottom tick. And you get in.
Maybe even took profits. This could be a profitable trade. But a lot of the courses and narratives out there, smart money, they inspire people to target areas that just don't make sense based off of the confirmation they're using. If the four hours in line, the one hours in line, the 15 minutes in line, everything's in line, then yeah, target some major high timeframe targets. But a lot of people wanted to do this number.
They wanted to take this right there and target this high. Now, is it probably going to hit that at some point? I could definitely see it. But guess what happened to the trader? They got stopped out.
Right. Another thing they're trading at an unopportune time again. Notice the trade. Well, I guess you could say it was taken right at the beginning. But the main focus here is that the one minute confirmation gave them a good trade. And to be honest, they could have had a great trade here. Beautiful trade. But they're using.
The one minute alone, not with the 15 minute, not agreeing with the institutional logic here, not agreeing with time and price.
to target 15-minute liquidity or higher time frame. When we say higher time frame, we just mean a higher time frame than the one we're on. Now, how could they have executed and made this profitable? Well, you could use a one-minute confirmation inside that 15-minute zone, but if the one minute's the only thing that's confirmed, and the 15-minute is still as bearish as can be, your 15-minute, your high's all the way up there.
So we know when we're talking about institutional logic and structure, if we have breaks of structure, the downside with displacement, we look for areas that institutional orders might be residing to then continue the institutional structure. And oftentimes, this is just pulling or drawing towards a higher time frame area of liquidity. So for instance, in this example, where did we come up to? We came right up to this fair value gap. Orders were still there.
Once they were rebalanced, price sought out the sell side. Now, how could this have been avoided and how could you have still taken a trade on the one minute? Because you definitely could have. Choose the one minute target.
And this is why it becomes a problem for some traders when they're learning supply and demand because you have all of these coarse people that are trying to sell a dream of 50R every time, which it does happen. Again, we've hit it in the server. I'm not sitting here telling you you can't hit it, but I'm telling you, you know, your one minute confirmation does not mean you need to target the heavens. It just doesn't.
It means you target the higher time frame impulse swing and you look at what? You're going to look at the first area of institutional order flow in a premium, which is a fair value guy. But supply and demand is going to teach you to target this.
And this is the death cycle that I see a lot of smart money people go through when they're learning because you have a lot of these pricks out here that just want to fucking sell a dream. But you could have had a great trade had you been aware. Let's just say, okay, I'm just going to target this fair value gap. You had a five to one trade in 20 minutes. That's fucking incredible. That is absolutely incredible.
All right, very easy. Try it. It's your whole day right there. You're done. You should be done for the day off that. Now, you see how this can easily be misconstrued where people think they're doing the right thing. And, you know, this...
They just look at this like, okay, well, 15-minute swing structure bullish. Sorry, excuse me, guys. 15-minute swing structure bullish, order block and discount, fair value get filled, up. You fail to look at things for what they are. So now, we're just going to do it everything.
Actually, I don't want to do that. I forget. This is my good at you chart. I'll do this. So now we're looking at this for what it is, and that's just the candles. We're not looking at order box, which I'm not saying there's anything wrong with those. Obviously, we use them. But what does this look like to you? Because this is where that trade would have been taken. It's almost like you're a retail trader saying there's support here, right? So why are you trading that?
Because the one minute told you that the 15 minute is now bullish again, it just doesn't make sense. And the institutional logic would be to look for, if we had displacement to the downside, remember, the market is 80% continuations. So to play reversals, we must confirm them. How do we confirm them? We want to see displacement and breaks of structure in our direction.
That's why we're not oftentimes going to catch the absolute bottom and hold it to the top. It's not going to happen that often. So when we look at this and we notice that, hey, that might be a retail support narrative. Guess what we have? Liquidity, tons of liquidity. So we see what happens. We come down. And then on that third drive.
Again, notice, a lot of times we have these accumulation schematics coming into an area of liquidity. It could be a fair value gap. It could be an order block. I'm not trying to tell you it has to be a low, but I am saying that if there is something below what you're trying to trade off of, you've got to be mindful of that. So guess who won here? The patient trader who thought practically, and they waited for kill zone, right?
So how would you have entered this? Once we're looking at, so we look at this over here, fair value gap, you know, break of structure, the downside.
So, you know, we're looking at this institutional logic here would be to look for the sell side after price comes up in here. Now, it doesn't always happen, but we know that more often than not that there's going to be orders here in these imbalances. So once the highest swept, we have that short term high liquidated. Breakout traders are induced. Early sales are stopped out. Now, these orders have enough liquidity to fill.
from the buying that goes on in the form of buy stops above these highs. Once that happens, then again, like we said, we look to seek the sell side. And you can sit here and trade these little movements and make good money off them. This is how algorithms trade. Then if you look right here, yeah, this is where we're getting to the kill zone time. But, I mean, now it's even more clear. To me, you got tons of equal lows.
You know, you're asking you to stop on it once you look at this for what it is and not force the supply and demand narrative. So we want to watch price under that low because guess what else we have over here? This is a true order block, in my opinion, this whole zone. But when we look at supply and demand zone, we're looking at this. This is more clear than anything. Now, it has been tapped, but we look at it. Its mean threshold had not been met.
very clear, this doesn't have to happen. Just because you have an order block that gets tapped like this, it can be deemed as mitigated if you want. I'm not saying it doesn't, but we know that equilibrium had not been touched. It's sitting under or inside of a liquidity pool. So once that low is taken, that is when your interest should be peaked. Because now...
the institutions, and not even, I hate saying the institutions, it's just a bad habit, smart money, because there's a lot of dumb money institutions. There is dumb money institutions getting liquidated probably here, here, here, here, right?
When we're looking at the big move, we don't want to catch a trigger where you get stop-hunted. We wait for this same thing over here. We have these breaks to the downside with displacement, fair value gap, liquidity. Okay, what do we have over here? Now what's changed?
Notice there isn't fair value gaps looming above us. There's nothing there. Price has coiled this zone. Only liquidity is now all of these highs. We come up and take the first high with displacement. Fair value gap. There you go. And it's that simple. That's how that could have been caught. And see how clear it can be once you look at it in this perspective.
But it can be so far from clear when you look at it in a perspective of, you know, only supply and demand. And you could have just had a fixed 2R. It would have been like a one candle trade here. We hit one of these on gold the other day. I didn't signal. I shouldn't say we. So I hit on gold. I don't want to give anybody a misconception. Now, here is where, you know, looking at this, if you'd like, you could probably target this high over here.
I wouldn't take it that far personally. I would have probably looked at this imbalance because I want to look at the first area of institutional involvement. So we look over here, we had displacement, break of structure, fair value gap. We see the order flow is not switching bearish. Then what do we have right after it? Displacement with a break of structure, fair value gap. So you could have just said, take it to the bottom of the fair value gap. And you can see that we reacted pretty nice off that.
I can't even say I would have targeted that high, but if I was looking at the high, that's what I would have targeted because you see there's this inefficiency just below. I wouldn't even have targeted this high because we know that a lot of orders came in. We had a lot of orders here and then boom, sell off. Guess what this high is going to be? If this is going to maintain, that's going to be protected because there are orders that got filled there. Now there's more orders here.
to be honest, I would have probably just targeted these highs right here. Just got a little under 2R, maybe even right there to make it like a fixed 2R, just something like that. That's really where I would have went. You know, that's just me because it's very quick. Liquidity raids are explosive when you play them correctly. So he said OTE plus one four-hour order block worked like butter this morning. I don't really use OTE all that much. I used to. I have it still as a template. All right, wrong way.
Yeah, it went under that 79. Unless you're talking about down here. Yeah, you might be talking about that impulse move. Yeah, that's actually pretty clean right off of it. See, this is a great example too because when things are done correctly, there is no necessary...
there's not necessarily one right strategy or one right way to do this or to catch the move. It's just, did you catch it or not? And you see when people, yeah, the impulse reaction. Yeah, exactly. I like that better. But the moral story here is, whether you're looking at that or you're looking at it from the perspective we went over, or maybe you have another perspective that caught this trade. It's all just understanding why price is doing and where you think it's going.
Right? That's all it takes to make money. Yeah, that's a great, it's all different ways to see the right language being written. Exactly. Beautiful. That was, I wanted to recap this morning delivery on EU because it was a great learning experience for those who didn't trade it or those who traded it. Probably better learning experience for those who didn't trade it. And those who did trade it successfully, you know, you guys are a step ahead. So, did want to go over that.
I'll go over these trades I took on ES this morning that I got the funded. So I put out to watch this imbalance right here. I didn't signal anything in the server. It was pretty quick. But notice we have a lot of lows in the morning. I'll go to five minutes.
We have a lot of lows right here in the morning, right? Just engineering that liquidity. So we know that whenever the 930 open hits, which is going to be right there, right into the first candle, right? So with, like I said, I've said this a bunch of times within the first couple of five minute candles, you're going to know most of the time the daily intention or at least the morning intention. So, you know, we look.
At this level right here is a 15 minute fair value gap when you get your desk in the morning
Say it's, I don't know, it's like 9 a.m., 8 a.m., whatever. You go to the destination and you look at where's the liquidity. Well, this high. And I'm not going to pick this high. Now, the other day we took a loss on NQ where it rated a high like this and then started to go down to the downside. To be honest, it's kind of odd that that happened because usually it raised the highest high. But now, just like we went over a second ago, this could have been protected.
and this impulse move still had orders in it, and they were filled there, so now that high. Does that make sense? I don't know. I made that confusing. When we went over EU, let me go back to it for a sec. I can't remember which feed I use. Oh, we were talking about this up here. So this high, we're looking at it like orders may have been filled here, and now this high is protected.
In a situation where the imbalance hadn't been all the way filled, then this high might get rated. And then this is the protected high. I hope that makes sense. I'm trying to think of a way to explain that. Basically, it's more or less have all the orders been satisfied here. And is this high protected or is it just liquidity? Engineered liquidity, I should say. So we're looking at ES.
We have established that we have liquidity under these lows and a fair value gap. Now, this automatically gets my attention. Anytime you have a clean low or equal lows above a fair value gap or vice versa, highs below a fair value gap, whatever, an area of liquidity or a liquidity pool front running, you're in balance. Because think of it like if you're a market maker and you push price up here, you have a couple orders left behind. Well, there's not enough.
sellers for you to buy from here so you have to create them so you create a bunch of stop losses right in front of your zone so when price comes down those stop losses are triggered now that sell-side liquidity is being becoming absorbed by your orders that's that's how a market maker oftentimes algorithms that are doing this it's not a person but I'm just trying to conceptualize it but
In this example, we had that. And then really to me, the liquidity was here because we had a lot of, they're not all equal here because they got rated there. But I just look at it like there's a lot of shorts getting clapped if we go above that.
Now it went higher. It actually took out the major liquidity here, I think. Oh no, it left it. Preserved that. Well, to me, this was a good enough target for the move. I didn't need to take it any farther. I think it was 3R is what I got. It was 3 point. That's totally fine with me. I'm all about getting in and out if I can. I don't want to sit there and trade all day if I don't have to. So now why did I enter right there? Well, it came down into the fair value gap, rated liquidity.
Got our break of the high with displacement. Enter on the fair value gap. I've marketed it. It got me in a little bit. I think I was actually a little bit lower than this because it dumped really fast. And I trade on MetaTrader. So I just have my phone ready and market it. But so I hit that and stop us under these lows. Right now, this is a little more aggro than usual. But to me, this was there was like this down here was this last push down.
And yes, they're equal. But the way I looked at it was this is where the displacement of the impulse move started. This to me was an impulse move. So I didn't see any reason why we should get under that. And if we went under this, I would think, you know, it's like you're thinking about drawing liquidity in lower time frames. Think about like, OK, you know, if price goes down below this, do I really think that it's going to sustain and not go below this?
You see what I mean? Sometimes you can maybe make your stopwatch too big for no reason just because you're afraid to get stopped out. You can't be afraid to get stopped out. It sucks, but being afraid of it will ruin you. I just targeted that high over there. Price went not straight to it. It took a little while.
It's kind of just consolidating. I was like, you know, they were putting together my furniture. I was sitting here watching my trade. I was like, fuck. For those that aren't in the Discord, I had to put this stream was supposed to be earlier, but I had some furniture delivered and assembled in my office today. But I was probably sitting here looking crazy, just like watching the screen, not talking. But so then.
Second trade. Now, anytime we remove an area where we anticipate liquidity is resting on any time frame, you can shift to a lower time frame to confirm whether or not those stops are being absorbed. So in this example, we're at 15 minutes. So for me, I go straight to a one minute. Now, if I was in a four hour, I'd go to a 15 minute. If I'm on a one hour, I go to a five minute.
That's just the way I do it. If you have a better way to do it, let me know. Also, Big Hunter, goaded, he's answered some of these questions really nice. I mean, it's basically, I can, so Mushy Mush asked, Casper, I'm struggling to find a model and actually practice it and backtest it. Information overload and I don't know where to start. Any recommendations?
Big Hunter said, start slow and simple. Don't overcomplicate it. Wake before New York open and see what the liquidity is trying to do, then position risk accordingly. Yeah, that's a good way to put it. I mean, what I would recommend, Mushy, is what do you trade? I'll wait if you're still here, if you want to drop a comment and tell me.
And also, thank you, Anonymous, from the Discord. I just saw that. I appreciate it, man. I hope it does inspire. I want everybody to eat. And really, if you're trying to make this your full-time profession or you're really pursuing and that's what you want to do, don't think you can't. You can do whatever, for real. You really can.
So indices are 4X. Sorry, I got sidetracked. I was reading something. Indices are 4X. So if you're trading 4X, I don't know what pairs you trade, but make sure you're trading in session like we were talking about earlier. Indices, yeah, I mean, Hunter hit it on the head. Get to your desk before the open. Identify the closest area of liquidity.
or whether it's a low. Now, this example, the reason I didn't pick the major low is because there's this imbalance. This is like as good as it gets. When you have an imbalance that you see price really close to, it's probably drawing to, there's an area, there's a liquidity pool and imbalance. That's like golden platter for me. Now, let's say we didn't have that. I would have looked at this low. Also, another thing about three drives, look at that, three drives.
These accumulation patterns, a lot of times, guess where this was at? Filling a daily imbalance, right? So keep all that in mind. You know, if you're, okay, well, the potential three drive into an imbalance in the daily, you know, we have a...
We have imbalances in a premium, so we could look for short-term bullish narrative. If that's the case, then you're looking in the morning for a long. That's really important. I will say developing the daily bias is extremely important.
You want to make sure that when you're backtesting, you want to put in your notes whether it was pro or counter trend. That right there is a big, big deal because you're going to notice that your counter trend trades are choppy and you have to target stuff way sooner and sometimes they're not worth it.
But I would recommend looking for the area of liquidity, whether it's a low or a low front running a fair value gap that agrees with your daily bias. For instance, I wanted stuff to move higher, so I look for longs. The long arised, I scale it to one minute, look for a displacement break of structure or shift in market structure with a fair value gap. You can just enter the fair value gap.
Now, I got a little sidetracked also. Thank you, Vanch, for real. I appreciate it. You asked in the server last night, woke up to the good news. Second, did I do the accelerated? Okay, don't do accelerated. Evaluation. Accelerated is a fucking scam. Don't do that. That's predatory as fuck. The reason, this is what I'll say about that. So there's FTMO and MFF are like the two biggest ones. If you have my honest opinion, I think FTMO is predatory as fuck. And I don't really.
like it. That's just my maybe unpopular opinion. But MFF, the reason they're not predatory all around is because they're predatory with their other programs, like the accelerator program. Don't do it. It's predatory. Those are designed for you to fail. So that's how...
I would best explain that. Do a valuation if you're going to do MFF. And then honestly, I think true Forex funds are the funded trade. I think FTMO is the only reason, the only benefit FTMO really has, in my opinion, is that they've been around the longest. I think people just buy the brand of it. And another thing, if you trade crypto, FTMO really sucks because I think they have three leverage for the regular accounts and only one leverage for swing, which means you're trading with no leverage.
It's so dumb. It's beyond me. If you're just trading indices in Forex and you like FTMO and you feel safe for them, go for it. But I just don't see why people do it. Except that it's a brand. The reason I said they're predatory is there's so many ways that they make... And it's not hard. Don't get me wrong. It's not hard to...
to stay within their requirements. I'm not saying that at all. If you're a good trader, you're mindful and you're mindful of news and you can, but I just don't like how they have all these reasons where they try to spin it off. Like they're trying to make you a better trader when really they're just giving as many possible ways they can to fuck you out of your account and your payout. I just, I don't, I don't understand why people do it, but anyways, so stay with evaluation.
At Aliki, I will go over CHZ very soon. I'll go that next. This is almost done. So we got sidetracked there for like 10 minutes. Sorry, guys. But the second trade, anytime we have an area of liquidity rated a high and we are anticipating a raid.
Just because we hit this high doesn't mean we're going to come down and take this low. For me to think that, the 15 minute would have to tell me that. The 15 minute would have to tell me that liquidity is being drawn towards. But when we're looking at the rate of a 15 minute high, we can see a short term reversal. Now, it's really, really fucking important. When you do this, if you trade the one minute.
That you make sure you take profits at the next liquidity target and full I'll leave a runner
You know, don't try to target anything past whatever little impulse swing on that one minute or whatever area that you see as a very obvious closest area of liquidity. This is just the way I do it. So we had break of structure right here with displacement. You had your fair value gap above the old high. You had your first liquidation because we know that almost always price comes up. Early shorts, liquidated, displacement, break of structure.
Enter on the return to that fair value gap. That's what I did Enter this fair value gap and I just targeted this low. Thank God I did because I would have been out
stopped out at breakeven right after. And you can see that'd be frustrating, but that's comes from not targeting based off of the timeframe you entered on. You know, this goes back to what I was saying before, you know, okay, well I get a one minute break of structure from a 15 minute OB. I'm going to target 15 minutes. It's just, that just doesn't make sense because market's still doing its thing. Structure is not agreeing with that narrative. But those are the two trades I took, the last two I took on this count to get the challenge done. So.
I did want to share those with you guys. CHZ, that ended up going on a tear. We took a short on it and got stopped at break-even, and then it went fucking crazy. It seemed like it reacted nice off its highs. It didn't even make it really down to a, you know, you could say this is an impulse swing, I guess, right here. This initial one and then this here, but I was at least hoping it was going to get down into this area because that's why I set this TP. I was like, I could see it reversing there. I was surprised at how hard it reversed here.
So when we're looking, after we got stopped at a break even, I kind of just letting it do its thing. So I said MFF has awful customer service. I don't know. I mean, I've heard that too. I know multiple people with MFF. They've never had a problem. Like as long as I don't.
You know, I've never had the issue. I've never known anybody who had it. I have heard that, though. I've heard that about every single one of them, though. And I will say, I actually have had one time where I had to reach out to them, and they got back to me pretty quick. But it was for something very simple. It was because the credentials weren't working. So I don't know how bad it can get if it's something bad. But I know that I have, there's people in play, I'm not going to name drop, but there's people that have payouts, multiple payouts from MFF.
And you're welcome for the advice. So Adelike said, thinking of long for CHC, had a reaction from the one-hour order block. Current had a five-minute break of structure of displacement. Let's look. Currently using the funded or true Forex funds. Solid but sus about the no minimum trading days. Yeah, I thought that as well. I know that another person I know just got funded by them. I mean.
I haven't heard anything. Most of the times you hear stuff that's really bad about them. It's from people who've lost a lot of money. I hate saying stuff like that. Not always. I just go with who I talk to and who I know that they're not bullshitting and I haven't heard anything bad about them. That's the next one I'm going to do. The goal is to have a million under management by the end of the year.
Let me delete some of these bars because there's too much shit. I'm just going to delete it all. We know that we have everything taken. That was the other weekly amounts. Okay. So here, if I'm looking at this weekly, and I'm going to start here just very briefly. If I'm looking at the weekly, I almost think that CHC now at this point wants these damn highs.
I was thinking that somewhere in this candle, after this imbalance right there, it seemed like it made a pretty big effect, but it's still strong. So I almost want to sign the weekly once these damn highs, man. I mean, we've still got a couple days to close. I mean, this could end up being a fat-ass wick, but a lot of that has to do with Bitcoin. So overall, buys would be up on that chart. Now, the daily, I would look at this imbalance here.
So this daily candle, I could potentially see go lower, to be honest with you. So keep that in mind when you're thinking about longing, because I think that we look at this as the impulse move. So we want to see what liquidity do we have? Well, if we're in a premium, we look for the first area of liquidity and a discount. We have a fair value gap, also this order block here.
but consider all of this a three-day order block where you could just do this last one here whatever you don't do but um so i would look for price to return lower right or at least i would be happy you keep that in mind so if i'm looking at this first of all you've already broken oh no you didn't i'm sorry my eyes are so you have this right here right that's what you're speaking of you know your five minute displacement bos
The entry on the fair value gap was here. So if you entered here, right there, that would have been the entry as far as for the fair value gap. Now, if you were playing the choach, you entered there on this candle right here. So that would have been the...
change of character, because you know you had a low, high, low, high, or high, and I use internal, I use Wix for my internal structure and change of character, so then you immediately were entered, I mean like literally immediately, you could have just marketed it, stops under that low. Also again, let's just note, one, oops, sorry, one, two, three drives.
But the displacement break of structure didn't occur until up here, so you could have entered there. You could have said, okay, well, I'm just entering on the beginning of the fair value gap. Stop under this recent low right there. So you want a high, made a low. Could have done that. Now, where would I target this? So looking back, remember, for one, I wouldn't be risking a lot just because the daily buys for me, I mean, I could see it going down.
And I also see, okay, actually, I thought this had a gap still. It got filled. I probably would have just taken it to these highs right here, just to be in and out. Might not even hit it. But that's the way I, because when I look at where is price drying to, you know, I could see a potential reversal above those relatively equal highs. Let's go to a 15 minute, maybe, or maybe like a three minute and see if there's any imbalances above it. Seems like everything was filled.
company and now some cyber security experts in disputing the validity of those oh shit that shit's loud um but uh sorry i don't know i don't know if gainer knows his mic was unmuted but um when i look at this i don't really see any i mean it's rebalanced so if price is coming up higher
I mean, if I'm looking at what's drawing towards, I mean, if it doesn't reverse around here, around these highs, which, I mean, I necessarily don't really see any reason for it to on the lower timeframes, then, you know, you could see it go higher. Probably wouldn't personally take it. I mean, if you're targeting just like the one hour high, I mean.
I wouldn't do like that. I could see it. I see why you're doing it, but I would have just been in a quick two-hour trade. Especially if you were down here, you got in on that Choch entry, I would be fully out right there. Completely and fully out, no question. Just because of the daily bias, but we'll see. I see what you're talking about. It looks like a good entry if you got in it down here or right there.
Okay, well, I see some right here. Actually, I don't know what I was talking about. There is a fair value gap. This could be a good little reversal zone for right there, to be honest. I'd be out at that high right here. It's a relatively equal highs, but that's just me. Good trade, though. Good eye. You did good, Adeliki. I like how you've been trading CHZ a lot. I noticed that. It means that you're focused on one pair, which is really good. GRT.
I'm going to do this and then I will go over Bitcoin. I know I said I was going to go over Bitcoin when I posted this. It's been like an hour. I still haven't gone over it. Sorry about that. But on the weekly chart, weekly chart tells me that we could be putting in the WIC right now for our weekly candle because I would want this weekly candle to close lower.
So I could potentially see this being a wick and us pushing up, you know, this little accumulation could be pushing up to rebalance something. Now, if we look to the weekly and I'll tell you the reason I'm saying this, same thing we were doing with EU and everything else. We're talking about institutional. Well, actually, we took that low already. I just don't like how there's no imbalances here on these impulse moves right there. So I'll do a little OTE. Let's just see something. Big Hunter, you inspired me.
I'm just going to leave that there. I just want to see what's there. When I'm looking at the weekly, this tells me it's drawing lower. There's no imbalance. The only reason it would push down like this is if it's drawing to something with that closure. So what's it drawing to?
I don't see an imbalance. Only area I see really, it's really clear, is the sell side liquidity under the major lows here. Now there is this low as well, but this is where the most majority of the stops are relying. But we might have something here at the optimal trade entry or around it. So if I think the weekly candle is going to close down, I could see a push up first, maybe fill in a little bit of this, leave a little bit of a gap.
So when price kind of comes down here, there might still be a gap for it to come up and then continue on that institutional structure of bearish order flow. But we're looking at the daily. We have probably a daily bias to close higher because we're looking at the impulse move and where do we have orders relying in a premium right there. So, you know, we also have, I think there's some POIs.
here right after this imbalance fill. So if we go to a four hour, see how we have this supply zone right here. I would look at this zone right here. We can refine this a little bit in a second, but as a potential reversal zone. So we could see price drawing up towards that. The four hour gave a pretty nice entry. You could have just traded the four hour. Look, break a structure with displacement after taking that old low. See that?
So price came down, took the low, and kind of moved around, shifted market structure with displacement, got a fair value gap. You could have just traded the four-hour here. And this is why, you know, now obviously it probably wouldn't be the best risk to reward, and it would not be fun to sit in the trade this long. You know, but moral story is price is price, and you're just looking at it from different perspectives when you change timeframes. But bullish order flow seems to be in place here.
So that fair value got to the upside. Trying to do it with that line. So I'm looking at the one hour. Probably seeing it super clear on the one hour. The 15 minute though, we have really not anything else here because we came down and this is where that initial reaction was. I don't see anything over here of much interest until over here. So we kind of just engineered liquidity. I think this was probably...
Yeah, it was yesterday. Yesterday was pretty choppy, a lot of news. So we were just engineering liquidity under these lows, these lows, the highs. So price came up, deviated, took the buy stops, then it went out and sought the sell side liquidity. So once we come under that low again, we know that the higher timeframes are telling us we're probably going to go up before our fair value gap has been mitigated, right? So when we look...
I wonder if there's anything here in a lower timeframe. I'm not going to understand. The main thing is we took out a set of lows, a lot of equal lows, sell-side liquidity. The overall narrative is to go up. So when we see a rate of lows followed by a displacement in the market pushing the upside, we know that smart money bought all these stops. So then we just look at the initial impulse move that caused the break of structure. And we look at the first.
area of interest in a discount. That was clean as fuck. And that's how you would have traded the 15-minute. You could have just sought out opposing liquidity. Actually, it would have been up here. I'm sorry. Or you can try to ride it up into your higher time frame narrative. Overall, though, I would say price is drawing higher here on GRT. Also, you're doing great, Adeliki. You came a long ways. Okay, so Bitcoin. Oh, that's probably a nice short opportunity. You know what?
Save, put it up here. I don't like how equal those highs are. I'm just going to go ahead and get on this right here. There you go. Let me post this up. Oh, wait. Evo's already put in a short, too. What the hell? Just one minute ago. Holy shit. Well, I got in these. I'm about to get in these. I might actually enter the order, but it looks like Evo already gave you guys a signal. What is this? Oh, he has a limit, too. Yeah, so it looks like everybody's going to short Bitcoin, so that's good.
but yeah i like i like the cells here one second but yeah so reason as we came above this liquidity right here
Now, since I said what indicators am I using? I use, so I have Forex market sessions. Some define like previous daily low, previous daily high. Those are paid though. I can ink on, you guys probably know on Twitter, he has some good indicators. I was using the fair value gap indicator, but to be honest, it just kind of clutters my screen. So I got rid of it. It's a good indicator. My watermark, and then the thing that puts my thing up here. I don't really use any indicators to trade with.
It's something to help me find levels sometimes, but the reason for this trade is we came above this high here, right? Took that out, and then we see in the 15 minute, a shift in market structure with displacement. Tells me that orders are residing there. Now, for me, I just went ahead and marketed it. It's right around the same area.
I'm just trading the 15-minute there. I'm not even going under the low timeframes. This has been an idea. We've been talking about this for a while. Power of three, I think, is going to be in place. I wanted it to happen last night, but I want to see. The reason I was talking about last night, watch price after New York Open, is a lot of times you'll see price stray above. Let's see where the New York Open candles. New York Open was here. We see price has moved up, and we see this accumulation right here of orders. Now we have manipulation right there.
All of this is manipulation, pushing up. I'm anticipating it is. And then we'll see the distribution of the orders for the day towards liquidity. We'll go over that in depth more in the future. That's a really rudimentary way to explain power of three. But basically, watch price to move into liquidity pools after New York midnight, opposing your overall narrative. Somebody said went along. What's up?
sorry what's up sylvedon hunter said it went along gu let's see honestly it don't look bad bro i use it on trade forex this time of day i probably won't but it doesn't look bad i don't know i mean the only thing i would the only thing that i don't like is see how we kind of get that displacement bracket structure down but we are coming into this old price delivery right over here so and then you have
Kind of a high right here. Getting taken with displacement right there. I seem to be reacting pretty nicely off this fair value gap. It looks good, honestly, man. It really does. Probably won't take it, but I like the idea.
So I said, would ETH have the same play as Bitcoin? Yeah, like you said, well, hold on. I don't want to jump around. For ETH, I don't, to be honest, I haven't been trading ETH as much lately because the spreads are ass on my Forex funds, but I would never just go with that narrative because it might, but it might not. If you see, you know, price action telling you that, you know, actually it isn't a zone I wanted to short it from.
i don't think it's as clean as bitcoin as far as the displacement goes yet not really clear fair value gap but i can see it for sure i'll actually keep an eye on it sorry i'll keep an eye on that i'm actually i'll do my best because i don't know i'm probably not going to trade anymore today after i um other than that that was just a little finance trade but the uh hitting that funded i don't want to start degening and you're welcome compound ninja i like that name um
Yeah, for GU, yeah, just no kill zone. Then it's like, it's okay. Yeah, exactly where you put it. And I've learned I'm okay with FOMOing on those trades. Not FOMOing in, but FOMOing being on the sidelines. I'm okay with like, if I feel kind of iffy about a trade, I've tried to become more observant of that. And if I notice that, I don't take it. And I am okay if it goes without me.
All right. Like I can be totally asleep great that night knowing I missed on a huge profit, whatever, because I know that I followed my system. So that's that's the way I look at that kind of stuff. Also, I don't know if you heard me. Yeah, exactly. Mental clarity. But men effects men effects not meant the.
indicators I use I don't really use any that you know like like any any RSI or anything like that but I have forex market sections to draw the sessions to get session lows and highs pretty easily ink has a good indicator for raids I don't really use it too much to be honest I like it I think it's cool idea but
I don't really, it just basically tells you the candle doesn't close with a high. It's a great indicator. I'd rather just look at it and see it. The angst level indicator that has previous daily highs, previous daily lows, stuff like that can be super helpful. You can see the previous daily high here was taken. Honestly, it doesn't look bad here to sell. I just wish I had a displacement entry. It really doesn't look bad at all. You guys do what you will with it. I'm not going to take it.
If this had a fair value gap, I'd be in. But I could see maybe another high made, potentially. Again, look, we'll see if this plays out. Maybe speaking too soon, but three drives. I confirmed it because you would really need a break with this place, like I was saying, but the drives are there.
On that note, I'm going to hop off here. I appreciate all you guys. I'm going to go celebrate today, get some good food, some drinks, and probably not watch charts all day. I'll keep you guys updated on Bitcoin. Yeah, I guess just let me know if you have any questions. As always, I'm always here, and you guys know how to get at me. I appreciate all you guys. Peace.
