What's good? I'm gonna give everybody a second to hop in here
See, I like where ES is at right now, to be honest. I mean, as far as just kind of observing the price section here, nothing really I wanted to see in the morning session. I think the move was the 830 entry right there. We'll go over that in a second. This is a clear draw by the previous daily high and then also that daily fair value gap that we've been talking about for I don't know how long that we've been preaching. I've been preaching about this.
balance price range right here. And the reason I like that was because for those of you who've been watching the stream for the last two weeks, you will remember why, but I talked about that volume shelf right there. Also just, I like balance price ranges. And if we look at the entire range here, or actually right around that optimal trade entry. So with that being said,
Now that we've met our target, it's kind of getting up into those regions where we haven't given any kind of indicative bearish price action. So it's not like we're just going to start shorting from here. It's not how I like to do things. Now, that might change if we start to shift structure with displacement to the downside. Then that is where I would look to.
get into more of a selling perspective. So right now, if we close this candle right where we're at right here, which we're not going to, we just opened it. But if this was sustained as a swing low, price moved over, displacement down, then I would start looking for lows. Because we have a lot of stop losses kind of building up in this range where everybody wants to FOMO in. So I think that at some point, once we get some displacement on the downside, that will be...
more of a reason for us to look for sales. But we're getting up into these points with indices, well, I shouldn't say indices, with ES specifically, where we have reached our target. We want to let the market show us its hand. So these are times where you want to not be super aggro to trade. You don't have to always be active in a trade or
just ready to pull the trigger. You don't have to trade every day. The difference between a lot of successful traders and almost successful traders is the ability to sit on your hands because these are lower probability conditions because we've met the targets. When we are obviously here, we're pushing up, leaving imbalances, pushing up, you're drawing towards this. That's high probability conditions. You know that you can look for longs.
And every down move is just a buying opportunity. Now up here, every down move might be a reversal if it's strong enough. And, you know, yes, we could see more highs and clean out the early shorts. But again, it's just getting into those lower probability areas. We had a high impact news event at 830 a.m., which came on forecast. It was the PPI. So if you look right here.
And the shift in market structure now, for those of you who are watching the market starting around 830, you came in right after this had occurred. I think it was 820 when we came back down. So 820 right at the CME. That CME massive move with that high impact news. The price shifted up.
Very value gap and rocket. Now I did not trade this. I just, I try not to trade with the high impact news. Sometimes it's regrettable because it's, you watch it and then it does what you want and you just weren't involved because you're following your rules. But that's, you know, that's part of the game sometimes. So that was, you know, a massive move pre-market. So a lot of times we'll have these slow, really choppy mornings.
whenever we have that kind of pre-market price action. And then a lot of times we'll get something in the PM, if anything. So now the market has kind of came back down into this fair value gap that we created. In a 15 minute, we came into this little order block right here and we got a decent shift. Not ideal time, in my opinion. Pushed up, seems like it's having trouble holding.
One minute looks better as far as for more upside, but it's still, it's indecisive for me. If anything, I think we do come up and take out this high, but we're actually at a point you'd want it to reverse. We've got this displacement here. The market started to move to the upside, came down to an optimal trade entry in this order block right here.
But you've moved that into it pretty viciously and left an imbalance. So, again, it's just not really the environment I'm trying to force trades in. Because I know that when I look back over my...
Like my mistakes, it's always trying to trade when I shouldn't be trading. That's when I make mistakes. So I don't think today has been the best. And if we look at it, it's not really the best environment to expose yourself to. I'm going to go into ETH.
Have some SMT divergence with Bitcoin on ETH here. Lower high on Bitcoin, higher high on Ethereum. This isn't really the cleanest displacement down or the cleanest reaction to it.
Not really a big fan of that. Equal highs right there. I think the order flow is still overall bullish. I was potentially going to short this. If we were to come up here and maybe ran it again and then get a move down, I might look for sales into this low. But again, that's developing. So that's something to keep an eye on. For people who are wondering what I mean when I say SMT divergence, it's just that.
Ethereum made a higher high while Bitcoin did not, which is a divergence since they are correlated assets. And if we have one making a higher high and the other one is not, we can look at that as potential manipulation. But we have to complement that with our structure in order to confirm our bias. I'm going to look at a couple daily charts in crypto. I haven't even looked at these since this massacre has happened.
It's not going to weekly, actually. If you guys have any coins you want me to throw on my chart, just let me know. I don't really have a massive plan for today's stream, to be honest. We went over a lot yesterday. Did this take the low? Five, three, two. Yeah, it did, but barely. Yeah, I did see you. I did see that player.
Super nice trade we took on XMR. I mean, like that was one of the more satisfying trades, not only because of how explosive it moved, but because we talked about this quite a few times on stream. Okay. Thanks. None of us. I got some coins to run now, but we talked about this quite a few times on stream. And it was just this daily.
model where we saw the shift down after tapping into premium internal liquidity, order block shift down, got on that second leg of distribution in the high probability sell. And look what we've created. I mean, XMR really likes these order blocks. So I think that eventually it's going to start pulling back up into that order block and then maybe provide another sell. Now, for those who aren't in the Discord, we've already taken profits heavily on this. The TPs were this fair value gap. And then I think it was this low.
And then this low as well. So I think it was like 7R at peak, something like that. Or 10R, I'm sorry. 7R at our TP is what it was. But beautiful trade there during all the bloodbath. We gave that in the private server. The link is in the description if you guys want to hop in there, you get a free trial. So we asked if I use any indicators. I do not accept. I use...
like market sessions, the index futures, which is basically like, it will just mark out the days. So I use indicators to kind of like help me out and they'll mark the sessions, but not, this is a watermark if you know what that is. And then this is a levels, which is a previous daily high. It's just kind of making my job easier as far as charting, but I'm not using any indicators to say, okay, well, I'm going to buy because of this indicator or anything like that. I'm strongly against that. I think indicators are.
Kind of like fool's gold. Synapse asked about corn and wheat analysis, please. ICT is calling them for these to rip next year. I know that Ukraine produces 7% of the world's grain. Is there a chart that has more data? Oh, wow. So this is an interesting one. As far as the monthly chart goes, you know, I'd look at it like, okay, here is our structure at one point.
We kind of came up now. I have a new structure, new structure, and you're really still operating within this structure right here. So I'll do this. Now, the original range was this. So after we come back, we take out this high, you know, we change the range from this to this.
We took out the high, and I'm going to do the coins for you anonymous after this. I just kind of wanted to do corn. I'm not going to lie. I hadn't looked at it. And then I'm going to do all those alts. ICD said, come on, he's going to rally and put Bitcoin's pump to shame. He said it will make Bitcoin pump look like a Judas swing. If we look at this, whenever we have these nice little formula come up, bounce off of a...
pretty specific level and leave a massive uh low where there's gonna be a lot of liquidity that likes to get run like that's gonna be our last bit of internal liquidity so if we look we came under that came back under this is years of price action um hold on one second i'm getting a call i had to text this person
After we run these lows, this is where you would look for price to start showing a desire to shift to the upside. So on a monthly chart, we kind of consolidated here, finally ran the low again, take that low out, and then we get that shift. We can take this right here, and then we look, price comes back down into a discount. And this is what you call bullish order flow on a very high timeframe. Price goes out, takes the high.
Comes back into a discount and now has moved up. So now I'm going to drop into a weekly chart. I like this fair value gap.
You know, overall, the monthly order flow is bullish. So we could come up and take out this high. And on top of that, the main monthly range we're playing within is here. So, you know, the main drawn liquidity as far as, you know, what we've taken out internal liquidity. And remember, once we hit internal, we go to external. So this is going to be kind of our honeypot target as 84, right? 43. What the fuck?
I guess there might be a thing with commodity futures. I'm not a big commodities trader, but anyways, 8.436, that would be the overall target, but there's a lot that's going to happen before you get there. It's going to be a lot of ups and downs.
So now price in the weekly has came back down to a discount. We haven't really, I mean, I guess you could say we've tapped into at least all areas of interest. You know, I still see, you know, we try to look into that order block. Yeah, I mean, nice reaction of this order block. Because if we look, we came back down, got that high resistance liquidity run, created an order block.
Right off of it, boom, off to the races. Then we create another order block right there. So smart money was buying on that down move. Pushed up, price came back into it once, came back and recapitalized it, and we've seen a market structure shift.
So we take the high there. Now we've got this little displacement on the weekly. Nothing super crazy, but that candle right there is what did it for me. Left a nice gap. It's sitting right at an equilibrium. So we probably will see price travel down into this. So once we start to see the daily give signs that it wants to go higher by sweeping out liquidity and then shifting in market structure, that's when we say, okay, well, this weekly range is in play.
or weekly continuation is in play because we're going to use that daily to confirm the weekly. We're using this weekly right now, right here, to confirm the monthly impulse swing. And we've identified our draw on the monthly here. So overall, if the daily starts to shift bullish, you could look for swings. If you get a nice sweep and then a shift, you could look just like we're talking about this model right here. We shift structure and come back down to a
near an equilibrium at our draw on liquidity, then you can potentially frame swing entries like that. Just using the data. And that's me using the three time frames. I'm really big on trying to focus on three time frames. And for something that I'm not going to be trading very actively, I'd give you probably a mid to long term, I guess.
bias or outlook, and I would use the monthly, the weekly, and the daily chart. Now, if I was a day trader, I was probably using the one hour, the five minute, the one minute. But everything is, it's the same as far as like what we're looking for, you know, what we're looking for these candles to do and the components of price action. Now, the perception we're using is just based on time. So if we're trying to determine what it's going to do and
the next year or next couple months, we're going to look at the higher timeframes because that's telling us that bigger picture. And you can actually use three and then, you know, maybe you go down and use the next three and, you know, you build your bias around what we just went over, which is what I think is the best. But then stay as far as your entries and your overall execution and your plan of action, you want to stay focusing on three timeframes. But here at this point, like.
Like I said, we'd look for the daily to start shifting once the daily shows bullish intention. If it left a fair value gap, you can go to the hourly once price reaches that daily fair value gap. And you can continuously layer this like a box inside of a box until you get to your entry timeframe, whatever that is for you. Overall, I'm bullish on the monthly chart. You can have bearish weeks and bearish days being bullish in a monthly chart. Anonymous, Agnir was the first coin.
monthly chart on cryptos not always as uh um it doesn't always give us the best data or the enough data i should say i'm gonna use a weekly for near
I think overall price wants this low. Just looking at a weekly because we did not react nicely. I would say this is the major order block. You obviously did not react nicely at all to the mean threshold. Now, if you want to say this is the main order block, maybe that's a different story.
Which this is actually valid to be fair and I like the way it's shelving off this or actually no I need to draw it up on the down candles So yeah, I don't know. I like overall the low down here
So sell-side liquidity at $1.54. So the weekly is obviously bearish. It's been bearish as can be. We continuously are getting a shift, a pull-up mitigation. Then we get another massive shift, another massive shift. So the weekly institutional order flow is bearish, meaning we're showing displacement of the downside price is trying to draw to something, so to speak. So I'm going to daily here to kind of refine that weekly.
See this massive redistribution here. Push into that right there. We took that low. That was that weekly shift as well. Wrong tool. Think that we've came down and made a low. We swept that low. Now I think price will travel back up into this gap. One hour to try to refine it more. You got some equal highs up here. If you really wanted to refine it, I would just say this right here.
So price has this liquidity target down below that eventually we will probably target, but I don't think it's just going to go there just now. It's going to preserve that low and build up more liquidity by imposing the narrative that, hey, this is the bottom, buy, buy, buy. And then we're going to get up motion, which probably will induce more buyers. And then once we get up here, this is where I'd be looking for that reversal and start the sell side.
of the curve. And that's where the market starts to sell program. And I'm saying it like I know this for sure. I don't know if this is going to for sure happen. This is what I would lean towards. So if I think that, then I can say, okay, well, overall weekly bias, we're going to come down here, but we need to come up and mitigate these areas in order to then push down. So if you want to capitalize as a day trader, you want to look to capitalize on the way up. So we can say, we're going to use the one hour, like our new daily chart. And we're going to say, okay,
Got a shift there. I'd say this is displacement. Price came back down into this fair value gap. Now we've moved up again. The market is pushing to the upside. You can try to frame your entries or however you want to trade based off this narrative. I like this up to 268. That's where I would be looking for price to go.
QNT, the stronger coins in this madness from, well, I won't say in the madness, but just in the bear market in general. I've had a target. I don't know why it's not going to show. I think it's monthly. Yeah, there's a monthly fair value gap where we formed this high. Weekly chart pushed up very close to it. I came back down into this order block.
Didn't really react too nicely off the mean threshold, but the daily might have something different. We've candle shelved kind of off of it at least. So I look at the daily, the order flow, I see the shift up here. Let me delete this. See the shift, right? Price kind of just tapped back down, moved up, tapped back in this order block. So we're just trying to trace the order flow. So we have this displacement, price comes down.
It's kind of sloppy here on a daily, but it came down into something here. I'm not sure it was in this week, probably a four-hour order block. I had to guess.
exactly where we came into the beginning of the order block is the beginning of the down move when sell side was being sought after because remember smart money's buying on that entire down move so we came right into that order block that was kind of like the last area of institutional involvement at that time down in here so we push up get another shift and then see how you can kind of trace it with just displacement and price delivery arrays you got shift now what happened price driving right back down to an order block
we're pushing up and now price is now back down here under that low kind of recapitalizing that same order block so with that being said we know that where we're at is an area of value we then see a nice shift price never really came back down into a discount of that original move it kind of just kept going so you would consider that all the same displacement and this is an example of why i like using the first poi that's at an equilibrium
price traded back into this order block right here, which is these two candles and expand it up. So you can kind of just continuously use these stair steppers or these ranges of stair steppers. Now I think that this is the overall draw. We've formed kind of this rounded high, might be able to see this better on a 15 minute. The displacement really isn't super, well, I don't know. I mean, you could say this is displaced on a 15 minute.
A nice fair value gap there. So we can maybe see price trade up into this and then a push back down, liquidating this low and trading into this fair value gap. And then I would look for overall price action to remain bullish. If we look here, we didn't really have a high resistance running on liquidity, just price popped up and I just failed to make that higher high and then came down. We didn't really form any imbalances. I would say, yeah, this order block right there.
So that could be a draw, you know, and like, you know, we could say, oh, well, you know, this is a weak high. I'm going to go all the way up to the fair value gap. I mean, that's a pretty crazy move considering, you know, the state of the crypto market. You know, this might even be a crazy move. You got highs right here. You don't have to see how I just build that bias, what I think's going on. And then, okay, look, well, we've got a four hour order block with a high right under it and then an imbalance right here. So to be honest, what I would do.
is I would just look at this as the current draw on a lower time frame. This is where my attention would be. So if I'm going to look to trade once price comes down in here and we start to shift on a lower time frame, because I'm going to go to one hour. So if price comes down here, I want to look on a five minute, get my bullish price action. That's where you're going to look to enter.
And then you would just look to take the trade up into this high. You don't have to take the trade up to Valhalla. You can just kind of build your directional bias, figure out which way the river is flowing, and then look at how to get involved in that. So I would say that that would be what I'd be looking at in Q&T. Q&T, in less extreme situations, doesn't give a fuck about the rest of the market when it feels like it. Yeah, for sure. It's in its own world.
Oh, ADA made another lower low. I originally wanted it to react up this order block, but no dice there. I guess I didn't set an alert, but I thought I did. I never set alerts the right way. We got a lot of equal highs up here though. I'm on one hour, it's a little clearer. A lot of, it's like a cell wall right there. So I think eventually that will get taken out even if we are to continue much lower.
ADA not really showing the strength that I would like. Because we had taken the low much earlier on a daily chart. As far as this range we'd formed, it really kind of held its May range all the way through all this madness. We came under it. We could be seeing a power of three playing out or beginning to play out.
But it's just having trouble staying back in the range, so it doesn't really look high probability. Sometimes setups just fail, because I would have looked at this. I think that's actually why I was looking at it. I have this range like this. Price had came back down.
and shifted back up into the range and it just failed. You know, I mean, not much you can do whenever FTX is collapsing. So you can't really, you know, it's one of those where just things didn't work out. But it could be setting up to be a much larger, you know, scheme maybe on a weekly chart. So I think this needs more time as far as the daily chart goes. It's not a super, super clear one for me.
This is something I would hang out and just wait. Because if I look at the daily, you know, yeah, we formed a swing low here. What happened? We just barely tapped that fair value gap, came down. Now we're forming a swing low, it seems like, maybe. I mean, we got six hours to reverse and move to the downside. But if you form a candle like this, you know, I would say we're most likely drawing up higher, maybe into this order block, and take out that internal liquidity right there. Kind of this trend line has built up as well.
There's a lot of liquidity there. There's a low resistance runs on liquidity. So again, it's probably more bullish. It's probably drawing up into all these highs, but not the highest probability chart. TRX, and a lot of rumors about the deep pegging of their algorithmic stablecoin. It's an ugly ass chart, I'll tell you that. Sorry, excuse me guys, that's gross.
I can't help it. I'm almost out of the woods. I feel pretty good. I just have a terrible cough. So we took the low in the weekly, equal lows. But again, it's like very, very clear liquidity pool resting above those highs as far as a weekly chart goes. Similar with right here.
So it's definitely engineering a lot of short liquidity as far as a weekly chart goes, but I'm not really seeing any reason to go. Now, if I had this accompanied with a bullish daily chart, that'd be something I'd look to get involved in. This is something I also would not really be paying much attention to. Like the first two charts we went over near in QNT have a much clearer intention in my opinion. So that's where I would put my focus if this was like the select coins that I was going to watch.
Like I said, if this could form something bullish in the daily, like it kind of does this, takes a low again, then that shift and leaves a gap, it could start looking to trade maybe once price returns into that gap. And now you're drying up and you have your clear draws on liquidity, which are your plan. XRP, and somebody else asked about XRP as well, so this will be a good one.
Wasn't there something supposed to be about their settlement today, wasn't there? Speculation. Okay, so it was just bullshit. So you always gotta check. A lot of times that's exactly what rumors are, it's just rumors.
So the daily chart, massive displacement of the downside as with all crypto. It's drawing back up into this fair value gap. That's what I would look at in this order block. You've got a similar chart as some of the other cryptos, but I think this is a little bit clearer. It's kind of like where ADA was, but it's a candle ahead almost. Like we're still down here. That's kind of showing more of a desire to move to the upside.
one hour showing displacement. So I think you're pretty clearly drawing into these highs and this whole imbalance here. You could probably refine this to this if you'd like. The only way I would look to get involved in this is if it came down here and then it starts to show some more bullish price action.
That would be what I'd be looking for. Otherwise, it's too close to the draw. I would just wait till like, you know, if it gets up into this area up here first, just kind of moseys on into it. And maybe the one hour gives a nice displacement down. Now you can look to sell, right? And you're not even going to just target this. You're going to be targeting lower. You're going to target this right here.
Why not this? Because it's a lower probability that's going to get hit because we have that high resistance run on liquidity. Now, it definitely could. But if we look, we came and took a low, took another low, came off of it. Now what happens? Came back, pushed up. That's where I would be looking. Now, if we look at Bitcoin, we talked about this over the weekend. I had drawn a similar to this idea.
We had pushed down, came down and took this low, pushed up into an order block, took a high, displacement down, traded back into an order block, came down with displacement from the order block, fair value gap. So this is just watching order flow. Price came up here, and I've marked this as the draw.
and was looking for a reversal after we got up this low. Now, look what happened. It's exactly what happened. Now, why don't we take this low? Because it's a high resistance run on liquidity. Now, it's not saying it can't be taken, but it's less likely to get taken. So for instance, whenever you have something that looks like this, oops, I didn't even finish it. That's a high resistance run on liquidity, right? Like if it comes into the liquidity and takes it again, and that's why we like those patterns for entries. And we like putting our stop losses under that. Now, if we have something like this,
You know, it's tradable, right? That's the liquidity that we came into, but it's more likely to get run than this. This is stronger because smart money has came in and manipulated out the early traders. Here, everybody who just bought the bottom snipe tick or tried to buy into it, they're up. So there's a chance it's going to come down and then give you this right here.
and gets your high resistance run. And that's more, it's all about probability. It's not saying you can't trade off anything else but this, but it is saying that's going to be the higher probabilities. And when we have that, you kind of look for that sell side liquidity resting under these lows that we've most recently expanded off of. And that's why you see price came down under this and rocketed. Why the dot, dot, dot anonymous? Did I not do good? No, I'm just kidding.
Indices weekly break a structure to the upside. DXY break a structure to downside displacement. Bull market is back. I mean, I'm not arguing. I'm not going to say a bull run or something crazy, but I mean, I've been bullish too. So I'm with you silent.
I think that indices have a very good chance. I don't know about NQ, but I've taken these highs. I mean, I'm not going there with NQ yet, but I think that overall, I see this probably getting taken. Unless we get a massive push under this low, I mean, you've got a really big fair value gap and an order block here. And I think eventually it's going to get all good. It's going to get its clock clean, just like all this happened. But I still think that we're kind of like in this area. I could be wrong.
Yeah, I mean, I think this high, like I was talking about earlier, whenever you have that kind of clear pinpoint reversal area inside of a range, that's going to be internal range liquidity. So again, it's not 100% that it's going to get taken. But if I was looking to enter a short and target this low,
We went over the step-by-step way that I do this. We did this in the private class on the targeting class. I wrote a thread about it, but if you are up in the range and you haven't cleared out all the internal liquidity, like for instance, if you just start to reverse here.
You know, you start to reverse here on a daily. It's less probability, in my opinion, in my experience, to try to short all the way down to here because you still have internal liquidity, internal liquidity, internal liquidity. So now if you came up and taken all that out.
You know price has taken out everything That's where you like start to look. Okay. Now we're gonna go for the low because we've rebalanced or not rebalanced ICT would have a fucking aneurysm. We've cleaned up the all the liquidity in the range We look at some of the YouTube comments. I haven't even been looking. I'm just looking at the discord
How do I differentiate between a significant order block and just a down candle and an up move? Well, I think that the term order block gets thrown around a lot and there's supply and demand zones.
If you go watch ICT, when he talks about order blocks, it's just any candle that gets engulfed in the opposite direction. So it all comes down to context. So if I'm in a bullish range and I have an order block at OTE, that's going to be a more valuable order block than a bearish order block when we're clearly going higher. For instance, if I have a range...
And this is my range right here. And price is, we'll say, let me redraw this a little bit. I kind of just went off top. Be patient. It'll be worth it. So let's say price is at a discount and it's shown an intention to go up. And I have an order block right here.
and price comes back down into it. To me, that's probably going to be a high value order block because we've shown, we'll also pretend, let's just say we've taken out some liquidity over here. This was an area of liquidity that the bearish range had a high likelihood to reverse that. So we came down at the reversal point, which you can call a support. I'm not a support resistance guy, but just for those who are,
And they're still learning so many concepts. We look at our POIs or our pivot points, our potential reversal points. That's our idea of support, so to speak. Just trying to make ends meet there. But once we get there, we're in the context of a likely reversal because we're in a bearish range. We've taken out liquidity. The market's shifting up. So this order block would be a significant order block.
But if we let's say we come do it all this and we have done everything and taken out all the highs all the internal liquidity and price reverses and Let's say there's an order block right here
I don't care about that order block. Why? Because it's kind of just there. It's not in the context of a narrative. Why would this order block be worth anything? It doesn't make sense because we're in a bearish range. We've taken out all liquidity. So we're most likely going to be on the sell side of the curve of this lag in price. So now price is going to come down and take out the low because that is a continuation.
And the price is telling us that that's what it's going to do. So, you know, after it comes up, maybe it's not now if there is an order block right here, that would be a significant order block because it makes sense. It's going along with what's playing out. So then here it's going to just, you know, and people say, oh, fuck this. I got a five minute confirmation and then I went to a one minute and I got a one minute confirmation. And it's like, you know.
Bias and confirmation are the two parts that have to work synergistically. You can't just have an order block and then market structure confirming it and expect that that's going to work all the time. You have to be trading on the right side of the market. You have to know what way the river is flowing. What is the institutional order flow telling you? Not where is every single order block.
And I'm going to use structure and confirm it because a lot of people, when they learn supply and demand trading or smart money concepts, they learn order blocks and supply and demand zones and then structure confirming it. And they just throw away all the basic stuff like premium and discount ranges. And that's why I kind of did that series of videos on ranges. If you haven't watched them, go watch them. They're my channel because understanding premium and discount and understanding where price is at relative to
The lag and price that you're trading within, the range you're trading within, is going to be paramount to deciding when and where you're going to execute and what you're looking for. And it'll help you sit on your hands. And as soon as it starts clicking, you're going to be like, whoa, that's it. That's what I've been fucking up.
So hopefully that was a good explanation because I know that a lot of people have that question So I'm really glad that you asked it and also snap said thank you for the streams, bro They've helped me a lot with implementing framework and structure. I'm good. I'm not good. I'm glad Brain fried. I'm glad man. I'm gonna take one last look at indices real quick I'm already on ES chart and then I'm gonna hop off here a couple minutes early today effect. We did a pretty good stream
There's nothing much has really happened price. I forgot I got it at a noon Prices move 10 points since we got on not really a crazy day as far as market hours You know what the fuck? YM's going to the shitter right now compared everything else No, no super clear divergence
What is the doubt and doings oh my god, I didn't even realize I made it this high to be quite honest Like the dial is gonna take this high
Just because of where other indices are at. And again, too, though, whenever we're going into recession mode, usually there's a cyclical nature of what industries are stronger. Just because YM is made to the side does not mean that NQ has to. YM is the industrial indices. It's the Boeing, Caterpillar. NQ is like...
Tesla, Amazon, you know, obviously those companies are going to struggle a lot harder than industrial companies are during times like this. I had drew this on Dow. That was like this nice balanced price range or could be a balanced price range right here. And that's an optimal trade entry of this as well. Now, if we get a shift down here,
displacement this would lead me to look for for cells like so if you come down and take this maybe left a gap and now you can look to kind of hop down back into this imbalance we took the equal highs and I should have watched the fucking Dow today it was a trade of the damn day right here that was clear as shit took equal highs shift in structure could have just shorted it right there
I never watched the Dow, but that was actually really nice. And you would have just said, okay, well, here's my displacement. You would look, what's the first liquidity at a premium or close to it? I would have said this order block. So your trade would have looked something like this. Look for this low over here, probably the way I would have traded it. But yeah, that would have been the move, huh? You would have taken partials at these lows.
Still choppy day. Not really crazy. I guess I'm just feeding a trade because I didn't really do much today. See, so I'm like, wow, I missed it. So I said, bro, when is ICT's book going to come out? He's gatekeeping all the info on order blocks till his books come out. I can't find anything online about it. I didn't know he was even writing a book. I said he should for a while, but it's all in the core content. It's on his YouTube. He has a whole episode on order blocks.
Unless you mean something more than that. It's on a season episode, month four. Month four on ICT is when he goes over all of the different price delivery arrays and vacuum blocks, mitigation blocks, quarter blocks, fair value gaps, breakers, all that season four. Fucking season. Month four.
I know you guys are listening to it. If you just watched 2022 ICT, and I'd say that's a lot of people, and that's why you are – I promise you need to watch the old stuff because that's where the real gold is, in my opinion.
On that note guys, I'm gonna hop off here. I posted a video like an hour and a half ago about the importance of a trading plan Definitely watch that if you're struggling with consistency. It should help you a lot. It's on the YouTube And if you got any questions, you got to get at me until tomorrow at noon. I will see you guys later. Peace
