What's good? What's good? I hope you guys had a great weekend. It's finally peeping DXY come down a little bit. It's like, I don't think we've seen this in a long time. Because to me, this would be really a four-hour break of swing structure right here. This is what we want for any market that's denominated by the dollar to move to the upside. So that's good. I think things are starting, like we said, the macro stream starting to, really, that's starting to unfold right in front of us.
Bitcoin, I wanted to wait till it came down a little bit. Last night, I went to sleep. I wish I'd have just taken lungs from down here, but I wasn't really on my computer at that time. I was spending time with my daughter, but...
At this point here, the two zones that I'm really paying attention to are going to be this flip zone down here where we hit into that supply last night and then push through it. That's where we really saw expansion from or this zone up here. But this one's not really in a premium or in a discount. So it's less likely, but Bitcoin's pretty strong right now. So I'll pay attention to it. And depending on how price action reacts there, if we can get a five minute break of structure, the upside, I would look for a long there as long as it's within session.
I was expecting a purge of some longs this week, to be honest. But I haven't really seen signs of that. I was really hoping that we would see one big flush to the downside before it moved to the upside. And nothing major, not like a huge move, but just something what people aren't expecting. Because I think it's pretty clear people are euphorically bullish and get emotional about it. So that's what you usually see that happen.
So I was expecting indices to possibly take a little hit today. But let's see what SPY is doing. I took a long on NOS this morning. I think it's about to get break even soon if it doesn't continue up. But this pattern right here is usually pretty bullish. We see, you know, before the market, we formed some liquidity on both sides. We have some up here, right, and then down here.
The market came down and took the sell side first. And it seemed like Smart Money was buying it up because we got that reversal pattern. Price came down. It made this high. And then we came up and cleared this high, of course. But the one that I'm looking at, it's really not the swing structure, just a swing high here, this high. We cleared that with displacement with a fair value gap here. Came into that and moved to the upside pretty violently.
It doesn't seem to be being respected as of right now. Like I said, when everybody gets all emotionally bullish and starts getting excited, that's whenever you usually will look for a flush because all the emotional traders are getting long. Let's see.
Yeah, I wanted to get into some GJ trades, but it took off without us last night. I put some of this on Twitter, but this shit rocketed up to those four-hour equal highs right here. That was free money. I think Johnny actually got in on that. Somebody just tagged me somewhere. Did Discord notifications kill me? Yeah, way too many. Can never see when someone's at what chat. Someone's tagging me in.
A lot of pairs, the number of dollars started to show strength, broke out of their four-hour swing range. This is also in correlation with DXY breaking out. So I think that we might finally have some relief from this onslaught that DXY has put all markets through over the last couple months for the short term.
Structure and currency is still just so choppy here. I'm not really a huge fan of this, but not a really clear area to take a trade from, in my opinion. I would pay this zone some attention if it came down. Also, I want to see what kind of news there is this week. Nothing crazy for the dollar today. Tomorrow, there's a FOMC, well, Fed member speaking at the FOMC.
Not really much high-impact news for the dollar, so that's good. On Friday, we got Flash PMI, and then tomorrow, FOMC member speaking, so nothing super crazy, it looks like. That's always good. It seems like every week recently, coming into that new quarter, we had nothing but high-impact news on high-impact news. Yeah, all currency's looking pretty strong. I think I refined this already down from this POI.
makes the structure across the board i was checking for smt divergence on um anything with dxy i don't think it's really present i guess 30 is looking rough to be honest but it usually kind of just follows the other two sisters didn't really tap oh wait hold on there we go we definitely might get that part i was talking about because once you see everybody getting all like hysterically emotion and emotional and stuff and getting hype about being bullish that's whenever you always see this happen
I don't know if it'll be too heavy, though, with DXY falling the way it is. It's interesting because I think we came above this by a tad. If we get a reversal here, though, this would be nice because, you know, where we expanded through the night...
What that does is it leaves us with not much and leaves market makers with not much liquidity or not much of a range to engineer liquidity. And this is really all we had over here. But if we can run this low right here and then see that same pattern that we got under this, that would be our reversal pattern.
Yeah, overall setup or overall outlook going into the week is going to be bullish, but ideally would like a purge of longs today and then possibly even tomorrow, but not really required just because we're so close to the draw on liquidity on a lot of these indices. These highs up here, look at the daily chart.
Price is showing pretty clear desire to want to go higher. And once price is pushing to the upside like this, we're looking for it to take out highs. On a daily chart, we form this kind of swing low right here where we have two candles right after it with higher lows, especially with displacement like this. Usually that would lead you to look for these highs up here.
Now, that would be the daily bias. But, you know, a lot of the times you can see the initial move be a downward push to purge those longs. And it doesn't have to be, you know, a push down into, you know, some crazy number, but just enough to where a lot of the people who are over leveraged and, you know.
overexposed and too confident in their position. Well, I wouldn't say too confident, just more like degen, like they're just too far into their positions. That's when you'll see those kind of traders start to get liquidated. Their positions will get liquidated and then the stock will shift from the weak hands to the strong hands.
So that's all smart money is really doing is trying to stop out retail traders, or not even just retail, but even dumb money that is really large investors, like banks or funds that have positions that are very large and will get liquidated at certain levels. And once those positions are liquidated, then smart money can accumulate the asset and buy it up and push it to the upside.
And SPY just now really got the run on lows because everything else happened before market opened here. Because usually you want to see a low or a high after 830 get ran. Which SPY just happened, but we still need to see displacement to the upside. It's not really showing that sign of strength just yet. But we need to see a break of structure to the upside to...
to confirm anything because it does not look uh has not given us any indication yet that we're going to the upside
Ideally, what I'm looking for is for us to get over a short-term high or even possibly make a new low, but we want to do it with displacement. We went over that in the how to trade news video. But what we ideally want to see is price come up, maybe make a new low, and then really blast through that low, leaving that fair value gap. Or, I mean, it can really just push from here and take out the highs that it's created. This is kind of a finicky situation for some because...
You want to look at this from a technical approach. So really, this would be our internal high right here because price was making lower lows and lower highs, even though it's some odd price structure. We came down, came under these old lows, and then now this is your most recent internal high. So you'd want to see a break above that with a clear force. We want to see, and we can identify that with fair value gaps like how we got here.
But until we get that, there's no sense in saying that this is a liquidity rate because the whole purpose of a liquidity rate is for smart money to buy up an asset. And for us to determine that smart money is buying up an asset, it needs to be bought up. That's the way we can confirm that. Showing some strength here. If we can get above this high at this placement, that'll be a good sign.
What is Bitcoin doing? Because sometimes you'll have the same setup on Bitcoin, but I've found it's better just to play supply and demand with Bitcoin because it's inconsistent with that setup. For a while, I think what it is really is like as the market cap grows, you'll start to see those setups work better and better again because I think there's more money involved and there's a lot more liquidity available at that point. It wants this high, don't it? I think that's what it was. The SPY hadn't really rated any liquidity until just now.
It's having trouble with that high so far. Usually I want to see this kind of setup play out by like 11 too. Oftentimes it'll happen right between 9 30 and 10 a.m.
This morning seems like it's kind of taken a little bit to decide which way the market wants to go. It hasn't really showed us its hand yet, in my opinion. Because what I always look for in trading indices is that liquidity rate. And we didn't get it to the upside. We definitely didn't rate anything to the upside. No highs were taken. The only thing we took was the sell side. But we haven't really confirmed that it's being bought up yet. And you don't get the setup every single day. But that's kind of the setup I look for while trading indices.
I think we still go over that trade. I remember you asked me. Hold on. Let me watch indices right now. But we can here in a little bit if we're not paying attention to this. Because I kind of want to keep my eyes on this. Yeah. Spy's having trouble with this high right here. We're going to get above that. It's interesting that they're falling this hard wall. We're not really falling this hard. But not pumping wall. DXY's just dying. Bitcoin's looking pretty weak right here too.
you doing pretty boring morning so far i was expecting more out of today let me see what was the setup you want to look at zp or is it oh can you send me the ta on it zp just on discord so i have something to go off of there we go here's the kind of move we want to see if we can get a break above with something like that nothing yet but if we can get this kind of energy all the way through and get a closure that would um give us what we need
This is the purge of those longs we were talking about. It came down and took out a low. Now we're still just waiting to see if we can get above this high. Because really, the purge long is just the framework. We don't really have any kind of trade or anything to execute off of until we get that confirmation. Because until then, it could be just price breaking down and breaking structure. It sure as hell is trying right now. It's having trouble with this high.
Somebody said, what am I monitoring for? I'm watching these indices, breaks of market structure, waiting for displacement imbalances. Yes, 100%. That's really it.
Mainly, you just want to look for a pool of liquidity to get rated, where there would be obvious stop losses. And I don't think there was too clear of an area except these lows right here. But I think that if we price pushed down, a little bit pushed down and took those lows again, and that's kind of the way. But you would look for something like this, but then you want to see breaks of structure to the upside on the lower timeframes with displacement. But it seems like we're having trouble getting that right now.
Oh, yeah, I got you. Milf, I just not saw this. Good looks. What's good? What's up, bro? What are you thinking on 5 for the day? I missed that first few minutes. I was still just waiting. I needed to break a structure to the upside. Yeah, also, ZPS trade looks good. What was... I'm still going to try to watch short GJ. Shit's so bullish. I think this is an old alert.
this is like a different chart that i even use i think yeah it's an old ass alert but um this chart that um you sent me it looks good i mean i'm not i'm not sure exactly what your trigger was if you use like harmonics or what you really used to to take the trade but i mean it i mean it went it went well so yeah you made some bread you'll cast with this nice brain that structure you were watching where is it let me go back oh yeah that looks good
So now what I would want to see here is price to come back down into this region. Not going to go long just yet. I want to see price come down a little bit into this area. I'm just plotting this out. So if you go long, that's on you. I'm not saying to go long yet. I don't really like that risk to reward either. Okay, we're still far from the low highs. And now one thing I will say, like when playing these,
You don't want to like, like I see a lot of people sometimes getting like super, like when this happens, like, oh, fuck, fuck, long, long, long, which, you know, you got to know that it could leave behind you, but I always wait for it to come to the fair value gap. Because your risk reward usually on these is not always, you know, the absolute most insane greatest. But if we can come down to this fair value gap a little bit, I'd look too long. Seed phrase, you're not muted. You're not server muted.
Sometimes you can also check a 15 second to get, but there's no structure, just continuation. This is actually the final TP. Yeah, I'll take a long on SPX here. Is SPX and ES not the same? They are. It's showing me a different number. Oh yeah, it's a different price. It'll be different across all brokers. If you're going to use the same stops, just use the levels.
If it breaks down back under here, we'll know that it's not really showing the kind of strength we need. It's kind of that decisional point. But I think it's like an $8 stop loss, too, so nothing crazy. This is an interesting setup because usually you'll see it happen much quicker than this, but we got the trigger, so I executed. It didn't really hang out in the fair value gap like I'd like, but nonetheless, still gave us our trigger. Hey, Casper. What's up? Can we have a quick update on Phil, please?
Not much really update. I think it was up like 15% at peak. That one's really, for me, I'm just kind of swinging it through this little micro bull. But if you like the gains, take them. Yeah, that's why I wanted to ask because I thought it was looking like a longer swing. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm not really rushing that one. I'm only 25% in too. But I mean, I know some people just went ahead.
you know, they went, uh, went hard and just full position. So it's like, I mean, a 15% move on equity, you know, if that's, um, if you're up, yeah, my position is really small as well. So yeah, so yeah, I just chill on it. I'll do the same thing. Thanks a lot, man. For sure. Of course, man. I think Phil has a lot of upside if it can, um, if Bitcoin can hold.
So we're kind of just hanging out in this fair value gap. Formed a new one on the way down. Usually you don't want to see it go under this, but I mean, I've seen recently Spy go all the way almost to the stop loss and then still move. So once again, that's the kind of position I just hold it. You know, if we go in positive, I might break even it, but it's either, you know, you hit or you don't. What is? DXY. Yeah, it's kind of interesting that.
It's kind of interesting how the indices aren't really... Oh, yeah, it's really moving. Yeah, they're not really reacting much. Yeah. Usually, if you see a lower low on DXY and a lower low on the indices, that means they're getting bought up. But it's already really hadn't given us that indication yet.
Nas already gave it to us this morning. That's the thing on Nas. Nas looks better than the others, but I like, or SPX is at for risk to reward. I got stopped on this and break even forever ago, but I like this setup this morning. A lot of times though, you'll see stuff just kind of move with SPY. It's kind of like how Bitcoin is with crypto. Like if you're not getting it on SPY, you're probably not going to get it on the others.
Won't be able to stay active all day today either because I gotta make a little drive about like an hour away But it's not really showing too much strength here. We'll see how she how this turns out, but
It's kind of odd price action. I do like that DXY is falling like this, though. But it's interesting that indices are just not getting any love. It doesn't seem like really anything is. Currencies might be. Yeah, currencies are. But, well, GJ is relevant to that. But all these dollar-denominated currencies are definitely...
and getting some love but it's interesting the indices are just usually what that'll tell you is that the indices are being accumulated but um it's not really showing us much signs of that and at this point um super interesting honestly it is meeting some demand here too which could end up being a problem for anything looking to go up but it hasn't given us any indication of that yet so let's take a look at eth
I wanted to short ETH earlier, but I'm kind of just chilling on shorting ETH specifically because it's super strong. It's making her break it here for Spy. Check the YouTube. Okay, no questions. If you guys have any questions, let me know because I'm going to hop off a couple minutes earlier today. I know it's not 11, but I got to get ready to go do some stuff. Spy looking like she's going to get stopped. We'll see, though.
And then over till it's over with Spy. That's quite a few of these setups I've seen. They've gone all the way down to the bottom, and then they fly up, but usually there's an order block or something in that situation, which I didn't really see one here. Oops, wrong thing. It's a pretty boring day. Usually on a Monday by this time, too, you'll have some action, or at least some kind of volatile price action, whether it's up or down. I think I got some on Discord. OGN.
I don't want to go through this coin in a while. You're probably going for this imbalance soon. That'll be the next strong liquidity. That's at what? 25 cents? Yeah, I'll check out and that'll be the last one. This looks good down here. This is what I would really look for. Like a retracement back down to this level. This one I'll learn just to keep an eye on it. No, this one's interesting. It's, you know...
speaking technically you got a break of internal structure here because if you look this we had this candle right here or then it failed to take the low this candle failed to take its low so we wouldn't really call this a high as far as the internal structure goes and it looks like it is and then we come up and then push down so that would be our high which we broke above it this is one of those kind of choppy ones
But nonetheless, I mean, theoretically still broke it. As far as the draw on liquidity goes, when you fill this fair value gap, I'm not sure exactly. It's interesting. I've not really used this strategy on lower cap coins either. But in this scenario, you might be going for this high. If it doesn't show signs of reversal. I mean, nothing's telling me that's going to reverse just yet, except the fact that we're in a zone. We're above these four-hour equal highs.
And for our supply Which I found script supply and demand to work better with most of these lower cap coins than trying to use certain liquidity principles If you start to see you know the 15 minute Breakdown from here because the four hours still bearish this can be on Gala which your swing highs up here Swing all the way down here. We came above these equal highs
If you were to see the 15-minute internal structure start to break down, one could possibly look for shorts. But until then, I'd kind of just hang out. It's at that decisional point where we could just continue on and take liquidity in this high. Or if you start to see the lower time frame shift bearish, I would look for retracement back down to at least this level here, 5207 on perps, if not deeper.
Another zone you could watch for is this down here. Just keep refining it. So you could watch any of those zones. This is 4.9 on the dot, almost. 4.9.4. What's Spy doing? Okay, Spy. Let's see it. Nothing really to get excited over yet. Let's see how DXY is reacting to that.
So we could see a little push here on DXY if it holds this zone. I think it needs a bit more to confirm anything like that, of course. But if we start to see the 15-minute go bullish, which I think that would take some time, that's where I'd kind of be pumping the brakes a little bit on longs.
Just kind of hanging out because I really want this to break, though. At this point, I just want BXY to fucking fall and burn. But, yeah, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. I appreciate you guys hopping in. We'll be on at the same time tomorrow, 10 a.m., and if you have any questions, always feel free to reach out. Until then, I will see you guys.
