enjoy life and the only way to really enjoy life like deeply is to make sure that all your people are taken care of so take your family on vacation go in debt if you have to it's crazy because whenever i would come here as a kid all these these places were like little cabins now it's like it's like ultra modern mansions
crazy like i was looking out the door and i was like i thought that was a public fire pit but it's it's like ours and we get the hot tub over there too people don't know about about gatlinburg tennessee some people do actually i feel like a lot of people do but i remember when i used to come here when i was a kid we would just like the whole dad's side of the family would save up and all throw in on one cabin and we would have four kids in one room like half of us sleeping on the floor in sleeping bags but we did it every year to do this now as uh you know i'm the adult i'm the one getting the cabin and then like
Things have definitely upgraded a bit. It's cool. It's super cool. So what's the verdict? It's fabulous. What's the verdict, Farrah? What? You like this place? Yeah. Yeah. Bro, she's... It's whatever. She said, it's all right. She said, yeah. I can't wait for s'mores.
these are like good graham crackers do look at that you know me i had the uh anna is like the crazy stuff the super health but look at look at she but but guys this is i'm thankful for this because we should have made little waters like these are like we met she made these at the house everyone's got their own dietary restrictions we're gonna make it work yeah we stay healthy in this house oh yeah but you know we did go to one cabin that was they were they were all cool they were all cool but it's just like it's i don't like this is way this isn't even really a cabin
No, this is not. It's more like ultra-modern. Yeah. This is like Planeland. Bro, this place is absolutely crazy. It's literally got these driving simulators. Dude, when I was a kid, I would have lost it if I would have had this spot. It's so crazy. Like, we literally were playing, like, board games. But to be fair, that kind of stuff's cool, too. Even got another poker table. This place is crazy. And the kitchen refrigerator. Like, I'm sorry. I mean, that didn't make any sense what I just said.
The kitchen refrigerator. I meant the restaurant refrigerator. I know, it's beautiful. Stand next to the refrigerator. To show how little you are. Like, dude, this thing is huge.
I gotta say, it's beautiful out here, guys. Like if you guys have never been up here, it's Gatlinburg. I mean, I will say the actual town is a freaking tourist trap, but if you know how to do it, just go to a cabin and enjoy the family time, which is kind of like, you know, what the vacation should be about. A lot of the vacations I go on end up going and you're just like, run, run, run, run, dinner, this thing, that thing. And by the time it's said and done, you have such a busy itinerary that you don't really like spend time with family. So I'm excited for this. We're literally doing nothing except sitting at the house.
It's funny now because you said, because you were going to church at that time, and you said, Mimi, they said that I should bow, and I'm not doing it. What's it called at karate? That's funny. He was so little. He looked so tall, but he was so young. I mean, he just towered like a foot over most of the kids. Yeah, he was taller than most of the kids, right?
yeah i was like abnormally tall look at this is funny this was a really funny day that's jacob right yeah but isn't mama and jacob on that that horse i thought that was hysterical oh that's one of my favorite pictures of you so cute it is adorable how that drip on isn't that so cute yeah
That's that painting I was talking about whenever I said my grandfather's in the 82nd Airborne. That's what I was talking about. He looks exactly like that. But yeah, when I was like, oh, he was in the 82nd Airborne. And Gary painted that. We tried to get you to like golf. Honestly, I want to get into golf now that I'm older. I mean, you're good at hitting it. I mean, I'm good at hitting it far. It's crazy how you look exactly the same. This is so cute. Oh my gosh. Look at that. That was Mimi's bedroom, her tree. Look at this, bro. Young stunner.
This is priceless. This is one of my most priceless. That is innocence. Pure innocence. That was my grandfather out there.
Cool guy jeans runs in the family. Yeah. That's a good picture of your dad. I know, right? You look so similar in that picture. That's cool. Isn't it funny? Mom and dad. Oh, that's a cute one. My dad had longer hair a little bit, wasn't it? Look at my dad's hair. I said Rick and Jesse, Tennessee, 14 months. I was 14 months old.
That was at Mamaw's house too. My mom. That was my mom. That was from like the 60s. So cute. That one's cute. You were just a baby. Here's my Mimi and me. So we are going to have some s'mores and go out here and enjoy the night. First, we've got to power up. Oh my God. Look at the archway over here. The doorway. Isn't that beautiful? This place is crazy.
movie theater in here we're gonna come in here and watch ratatouille later and we're gonna watch ratatouille as a certified hood classic you hear that right mom i love ratatouille yeah there's two of them they fill them out every time so they're they're clean there's like there's literally one right there and one over there
Happy birthday. Yeah, thank you guys. Thank you guys for coming. Thank you for my birthday. My roommate. We'd take pictures and we'd go develop them in a black box or a black bag thing, put them inside and roll them up and pour chemicals in them. And you'd sell them to the golfers? $35 for two pictures. Hustler. See, that's where I get it from. Then we'd end up, we'd make about, we'd get a percentage of it and the guy who wanted the cameras and the film and bought all the equipment, but we'd do all the work. So wait, so you guys get the work and they'd give you a cut? Yeah, we got a cut.
table and i'm sitting over there and david sitting about gary mama's down there and terry and and gary said something about not one he was doing something he was going somewhere and he called dad an old man he said oh man i ain't doing he didn't hear and that time he said oh man dad took him by the back of the head and slammed his head down into the biscus and gravy on that plate busted the plate
Don't you ever comment on, man, boy. He punched him in the face. Oh, yeah. Well, he took, he got something out of him one time, but he had Gary, he had a shotgun under his chin. And he called the deputy sheriff. He didn't quit in jail. He got put in jail. I seen Gary behind the plate glass window and trying to get daddy to let him out. And he's telling me, you didn't get me out. Ain't nothing I can do about it. You're in here for whatever dad said, not me. You know? You are crazy.
Gary was mean. Gary's mean as a snake. You all sound mean. He was real mean. It's a little different side of Rick and I was really asking myself if I should marry him because they said, do you know why his nickname is Tick? Because he won't get off of you until he draws blood. And I was like, this sweet little adorable man that's just precious, lovable, mild manner, he did that.
What do you have to say about that, Dad? I have their little brothers I had to keep up with. Yeah, that's why I'm taking care of him better than me. Here, let me see Mr. Hartston's. Yeah, this guy's been through it all. Don't let her lie to you. She left him outside for two weeks. No food, no shelter. He caught rabbits. No, he didn't. He starved. In a thunderstorm, this guy, he was outside and we found him and saved his life. I found him.
After we told you to look for him, Mr. Harrison. It's fun to get the family together because it's one thing to go on vacation and like ball out and, you know, do all the lavish stuff, which probably gonna go do later this week because it's my birthday and I'm gonna go to Miami. But there's nothing like spending time with your family, guys. So at the end of the day, this is what we grind for, right, is to make enough money to enjoy life. And the only way to really enjoy life, like deeply, is to make sure that all your people are taken care of. So take your family on vacation. Go in debt if you have to.
Here we go again common past on his beat I made it to a jam Good always triumph
Remember that. Baby jump.
They are cute. All right. So we are wrapping up the day. And guys, I got to say, like, this shit makes me happier than anything at the end of the day. Like, family is everything. And I don't know, man. I'm just super happy that we put this together. So I'm going to wake up tomorrow. Anna is going to be the amazing woman she is and cook breakfast for my whole family. Like, isn't that fucking sick? I don't know. That's like, it's the little things, right? Talking about how you're going to cook breakfast for everybody. We're going to get pancakes, bacon.
eggs fruit some sourdough toast and then i actually don't know what we're gonna do and that is the beauty of it is we're just gonna figure it out as we go so explore this big ass this house sleeps 40 people i'm not i'm not just saying like oh it sleeps 40 people like like it literally is supposed to sleep 40 people that would be some savage if you had that big of a family like i would have brought more people but i'm gonna read my book because i'm a nerd i got this book right now yes i read on vacation it's called
Guns, I'll say, yeah, guns, germs, and steel. It's just, like, human history. I get sick of reading business books every once in a while, and then I start reading, like, history or psychology. That shit teaches you a lot, like, in different ways. Like, one of my favorite things to read is biographies and autobiographies. Like, if you haven't, read, like, biographies of, like, super successful people. Not just, like, fucking tech, like, Elon Musk or something. Like, read about, like, Napoleon, right? I'm not, like, endorsing my Napoleon. I get he.
you know killed a lot of people was not a chill guy but funny story about napoleon one time he literally went on vacation and before he left the country he conquered and like redid their entire government go look this up in seven days like if you can't learn lessons on that that help you better be better at like trading or business like anyways there's your ted talk
this is what my fiance has to look for for to the rest of her life it'll be either me reading this book or she'll hop out of the shower and it's like i'm watching some documentary on like soviet russia world war ii in color all right and i am done with work so you know one of the biggest benefits about you know being on the go or having a lot of things planned is that it forces you to only focus on the actual important stuff right like if you are like me and
you love what you do and you'll you know you're always trying to build something new you're always trying to work on things like between trading between building this software that i'm building between my real estate business content and everything it's like i can i literally have an endless to-do list like it is endless and i can always find something to do and usually i will like if i'm at home
I'll lock in most of the day other than the gym and, you know, spending a little bit of time with my fiance, but whenever you're on the go, it forces you to kind of eliminate all the low leverage things. And it's kind of mind blowing when you, when you really realize it, because you know, the Pareto principle is so real, right? Like 80% of your results come from 20% of your actions. And it's almost like you intuitively just know what you actually have to do whenever you're either on vacation or if you have a lot of things planned outside of work. Everybody you see out here that is crushing it has a really good team behind them.
And without them, I wouldn't be able to do a lot of the, bring the vision that I want to bring to life. And dude, I can't wait. Like the software that I'm building, you guys have, it's going to be crazy. Like the amount of data that we have taken in over 10 years time in thousands of markets to figure out the different correlations, inverse correlations and build actual data backed strategies that have edge, not just based on, you know, a back test, but based on.
different factors that play into the market. I mean, I've literally hired people who have PhDs in quant finance and masters in quant finance and some of the best talent in the world. I've spent an ungodly amount of money doing this. But honestly, I've been more excited about this than really anything I've ever done because it's gonna have the ability to impact way more traders. Any of you guys watching this will be able to access this in some way, which is super exciting. So a lot of you guys I know are grinding, working towards your goals and you get...
this discipline culture shoved down your throat 24-7. And if you're not careful, you end up just becoming mindless and you're in the weeds. You're not thinking of the bigger picture because if you look at the most successful people, they're always masters of strategy, not just tactics, but strategy. Would you look at that? My beautiful fiance is down here making us breakfast. I wish you guys could smell this because everybody knows the absolute best smell in the world is bacon.
preferably early in the morning. Let's see what we got for breakfast over here. Dude, this house is so big. It's literally like four stories tall. It takes like, you have to like, oh, we were getting lost trying to find each other. Oh, man. Look at that. How's yours, babe?
What's the verdict? Very good. Alright, we are making a little road trip to get another bathing suit because the other one was not up to my daughter's liking. So we are rolling up in the G-Wagon.
See guys, look how much of a gentleman. You gotta slam these. For those of you guys who've had G-wagons or been in them, you know, you literally gotta like slam these things. It's so funny too. My daughter, like she's kind of just used to this because ever since she's been old enough to really like, you know, remember. A couple years ago, you know, she was riding around in a Sonata and she never realized it. Now she's like riding around in the G-wagon and like the McLaren and stuff.
and it's funny like her mom was telling me she told her friends at school which i tell her not to do this stuff she was like my dad has a mclaren but you guys all remember whenever you're like a little kid there's that kid that says that about their dad and they're lying like my dad has a ferrari but all the friends thought she was lying i told her i was like don't do that because it's just not good habits to brag but i thought that was kind of funny oh they have them look
the tank is clean though because usually when it's not it smells really bad but these look at them can you get one no no that's what i get you it's full circle i remember my parents yeah my parents usually did they didn't ever actually i don't even know if i ever actually got one it died i'm sure you did they'd get me fish we had an aquarium but then that they got rid of that whenever we had to move houses and stuff
Yeah, I'm going to just drink my coffee. That's every day. So I know I said no work, but I do still have to have one call with my team. So I'm going to hop on with them. I've done a good job of building everything in a way that I have a really great team of people. And I focus more on the strategy of like, what are we prioritizing on? What are the big objectives and key results over the next two weeks? And just assigning things out with due dates, making sure everything is put into our project management system by my assistant and ensuring that
at the end of the day, like everybody owns the way they do things. Like one of the ways that I like to lead is I don't really tell people how to do things. I tell people what the goals are, right? So when you tell people what the goals are and you give them freedom to figure out the path to that goal, and of course give them the ability to consult with you and say, hey, is this a good plan? I found that when you do it this way, people own things, people are empowered. You also bring the best out of people and you start to help people grow and build on themselves. And at the end of the day, the way that you can form the
most meaningful relationships is by bringing the best of other people. It's something that my mom taught me when I was a kid is that you always want to do that, whether it's friends, family, anyone, anyone, you just want to like set things up so that everybody is happy. Everybody's motivated and everybody's always growing because when you do things that way, you're much stronger than if you're the man, right? If you're the smartest person in the room, you're doing things wrong, right? You're on the wrong people or maybe the people that, you know, you could be lifting up. You're not lifting them up. This is where most people get stuck and never.
are able to scale anything is because they're too controlling and they have the fear of letting somebody else do they think oh only i can do it i'm the best at this like nobody's gonna do it as good as me and maybe even if they do it at 60 to 70 percent of you but if you have 10 people you're gonna get farther so i'm hopping this call and then after that it's no more work today so i am done with my calls i am about to go back downstairs and see what the fam is doing and yeah i think we're gonna i think they have like a a cake
that my fiance begged for me, I'm pretty sure. It's a surprise, but I know that it's happening. But I'm excited for it, because I don't ever eat any kind of stuff like that. Where are they at? I don't know. This house is so big. Can you tell me that he brought his test strips to see if the hot tub is up to standard? Yeah, my dad's crazy. I think that's what he's doing right now. My dad's funny. My dad and me are the same person. I don't know if I would do this, but he brought test strips, because he knew they had a hot tub here. So he brought test strips.
to see if this hot tub was like up to standard and taken care of properly. He literally brought them from the house. What's the verdict, Mr. Hot Tub? What did I tell you guys? I said you had test strips. I did. I brought that. But that right there is the one that could be, should be green.
But it's not completely green. So it's supposed to be like the second green, but it's like lime? It's supposed to be like that. Honestly, in general, like, hot tubs are kind of gross when you really think about it. Yeah, this place is crazy. They even have two hot tubs. They didn't have just one. They have two hot tubs.
That shit is sick though. You know, that's the goal. Like one day, because as you guys know, I'm doing the real estate stuff and we've got up to, if this one gets accepted, which I mean, they've already verbally accepted, it'll be eight doors this year added. The big picture goal with that is to basically do the burr method. Like I'm buying these houses. Like for example, when I'm putting an offer and I bought, I'm buying it for 25,000, right? And it's definitely needs some work, but I'm gonna buy it for 25,000. Then I'm gonna put in.
If the furnace is bad, it'll be like $25,000. The furnace and HVAC and stuff is a very small house. But if not, we'll probably get out of it for like $18,000 to $20,000, maybe a little less. You know, I'll be in it for less than $50,000, right? That house, based on two houses in the neighborhood that recently sold for, one of them sold for $180,000, one of them sold for $187,000, I think, or something, some odd number. So it'll probably be like around $180,000. Anyways, what I was saying is that I'll have around $50,000 in that house, right? So $50,000 in probably like a month.
or so maybe a little bit more i liked i always like to have i like to overestimate how much things will cost and how long they'll take something i've learned over time doing business but we'll say two months and what 50k into it two months of work that property if it appraises for 180k well we're going to be able to pull out 75 so we'll pull out 75 of 180k and then which will be what like 130 000 and basically you know we turn 50 000
into 130 000 plus 25 equity in the home and that loan we're pulling out on the property because we're pulling at 75 of the value it's not taxable so you basically can take that money and we rent the house out we'll cash flow pretty decently on it and then we'll just keep rolling that into higher and more and more property which is what we've been doing and the only way this really works the way like is because i have other income coming in so i can look at it and say okay what's the worst case like let's say if all my houses were vacant for a year
could I just pay off the mortgages? And like, I could pay off the mortgage on these for quite a long time. We're straight there. So, you know, the big goal is just to continuously do this for two to three years, maybe even a little less longer if we find a good deal, and then find a place like this. Like, look at this right here. This place, and I'm going to come back one day and I will make a video on this. Now, this would be a pretty ambitious job because I guarantee this is many, many millions worth now. But...
like let's just say you know you could do two things like let's say if you just bought the property and then you put in the infrastructure and paid for all this i mean it would be this would be a bigger project than i would do at first but this was a play like you know this is a figure play there are a few things that are as fulfilling as seeing how well my fiance gets along with my family and just
I don't know, as a man, you know, it's like, you should be super proud of that. Like the way that your wife, a fiance, your girl, like if she's, you know, going to be around for the long term, like how they interact with your family, right? Like how do they take care of your family? Because as you get older, like guys, I'm over the hill, right? Well, for a lot of you info guys are young. I turned 29 in a couple of days and I'm at the point now, like where we're taking, you know, control. Like I am now the patriarch of my family. Like I am not taking care of everybody. Everybody's, I'm responsible for everybody. And that means people come to our house for vacations. People.
You know, we take care of people. We organize things. And man, it's just like such a good feeling. And I'm very grateful to be able to do it the way that we do it. Use that as your motivation, not a Lambo. Oh, look at this. This is sick. I got this from my mom's friend. Sick. And then also this.
You know, it's funny, like I've got a couple watches. I've got this Rolex and I've got some others, but I mean, I'm into watches for sure. I'm not into them as much as like some people are, but I want to get into them more as like a collectible. I'm going to get myself a Prezi. I wanted to get it whenever I hit a big milestone though, but I might just say fucking just buy it because I've hit a lot of big milestones. But at the end of the day, like I said, milestones pretty aggressive, which you should. You should set them to the point where they seem unrealistic to you. If you're not, then you're not setting it the right way. All right, so let's see this cake.
My fiance said it was ugly, but I don't think it is. I think it looks like it's going to taste super good. We got chopsticks. It's makeshift. This is makeshift Airbnb. It looks interesting. It's a work of art. We'll see how this goes. It looks good, though, to be honest. Like, I know it's not like a designer thing. I've never made a pickleball. I can't wait to taste it. But I'm hype. We even got the little high-class chopsticks. It was falling. This camera is so good. Graham crackers.
This shit makes crumpling up crackers cinematic. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Jesse. Happy birthday to you.
I love you guys. Love you too. I haven't tried it yet, but I've heard it's pretty good. It's delicious. What do you guys think? Yes, yes, I love it.
He's for me and pops later So we're gonna smoke a nice cigar That's funny. I haven't really been
Smoking cigars recently. I just, I go through these cycles where like I really like doing something and then I just kind of don't have the desire to. I've smoked one cigar in the last month, which for me, you know, I was smoking like probably like two or three a week before, but it's better not to smoke them as much. So I'm excited to smoke and I haven't smoked one in a minute. And it makes, it just makes them more fun. You know, if it's, you know, busted out a cigar with pops. Yeah, I remember whenever I was young, my dad would always grill the steaks. Now it's my job. I don't know if I'll be able to live up to the name. He was the grill master.
we're gonna let it get a little hotter and then we'll throw these steaks on everybody medium is good yeah you good medium i think everybody wants me if you want anything past that it's not allowed so
Typical dad stance at the grill. Doing his stretches. I even got, I put on my dad's shoes, bro. Just focus. My dad's shoes. I couldn't get the other ones dirty. It feels good, though. Like, this kind of stuff is like, I don't know, man. I'm just, I'm to that point in life where, like, the most rewarding stuff is just, like, the simple, simple shit, you know? Like, this vacation, we've literally not left other than to get my daughter, like, swim stuff.
and I wouldn't have it any other way. Like, you know, we're going to go later to Florida this week and we'll have enough of the whole past life and stuff. But honestly, once you get kind of used to that, it's always like the grass is greener, right? Like whenever you don't have that, that's what you want. You want to go to the wild stuff. And then, you know, it is fun, but it gets old. You know, and then once you do enough of that, you kind of just want the stuff that actually matters. And it's like this full circle moment, like you're younger.
you want this whole like celebrity type lifestyle once you have you know experienced a lot of that then you want like the simple things and i think at the end of the day it's balance right but like few things are going to make me happier than hearing my daughter laugh like that you know all right chat how did i do incoming guy in the comments is going to be like yum dude you overcooked him looks like there's like a fair value gap after a liquidity sweep uh good displacement you think so dad yeah
Fair value gout? What do you think? You think it looks like a fair value gout? How about you trade them or something? Hey, he knows. He watches the videos. Keep game. He's funded. It looks real good. Apex. It smells good, too. Okay, let's go. I think it's a candle. You guys ready? You guys like my stuff, my style?
It's the new designer. Y'all don't even know about that. Yeah, I guess I just woke up. It's like early because I had to get out of here. Checkout's pretty early, but yeah, you're going to get a haircut. And then we're off to Miami. My good friend Noah is going to be there. So I'm very excited about that. He's like one of my childhood friends. I am sad to leave though. I'm going to make it a quarterly thing because, you know, truth be told, when you get stuck in this, not even stuck, but when you get caught up in the hustle, like I call my parents a lot, but you know, I wish I saw my parents more. And there's balance to everything. So think that, you know.
you just got to make time for the important stuff because that's why you work at the end of the day is to be able to do what make money so you can be happy and you can take care of the people around you or at least that's why i do what i do so there he is i was just talking about you yeah i was talking about how you told me how to trade fair value gaps yeah back when i was like three really yeah
He invented the algorithm. Bears didn't come, babe. I want to do this more often. Me too.
all right so that wraps up the weekend honestly i've had way more fun doing this than any vacation that i've taken in a long time and this is your friendly reminder if you're somebody out here that is working hard to get to your goals don't forget to call mom and dad don't forget to spend some time with them to them it's like really the just the quality time like that's that's all they want from you because you got to remember like your dad
is the only man that wants you to do better than him that's the only only person in this world that the only man that wants that and your mom is the only person who's going to love you no matter what so guys just make sure to take care of your people spend time with them and yeah i hope you guys enjoyed this video got a little bit of the inside look at my life my family what's really important to me and appreciate you guys for watching i'll see you in the next one
