what's up everybody so in today's video we're going to talk about nfp week i know a lot of traders have different views on nfp you know some people say you could completely stay away from it some people love the volatility but i'm going to go over the pros and the cons and if you do decide to trade during the madness that is nfp i want to go over a couple things that are super important and i mean it's i want to reinforce too i'm not inspiring people
to go out and do some super degen stuff and and risk a lot but um you know i'll be transparent and show you ways that i have seen with my experience that you know there are sometimes predictable outcomes first things first i want to make sure you understand that you can withstand very high slippage meaning that you might have a stop loss but let's say if you are in a trade on es and you have a stop loss of 38.80
you might not get filled anywhere near that, depending on if you're trading directly from the Merck, like CME Futures, if you're trading CFDs through different funded accounts or Forex brokers. There's a lot of fucky shit that brokers do and take advantage of these news events. So just be mindful of that and don't ever put your neck out there and never, ever risk the same amount you would during any other day. For transparency,
I usually don't trade high impact news events unless it is a very wide range of trading. For instance, if I have a large point of interest and then I have a very large stop loss, I know the odds of that getting hit still are high, but my odds of seeing a massive push through my stop loss are lower. Now, if you're trading with four or five pip stop loss, I can almost guarantee you're going to lose.
two to three times what you're risking because of that slippage so that's something i wanted to get out of the way of or get out of the way first but let's go ahead and hop into the chart and i'll show you guys an example of uh what using a certain point of interest can um
uh can yield you now i'll be transparent i didn't take this trade yesterday but i did this is just me recapping something i ended up taking a trade after it and getting stopped out on it we're going to recap that too but you know i like to keep things transparent you know losses happen but i want when i learn from things since i have the channel and since i am doing all this and i'm trying to you know
put all of the information I can out there, I want to make sure if I learn from a lesson, I want you to learn from it too. So whenever we have a high impact news event, now NFP is, I'd say CPI and NFP are the two highest impact news events, other than of course we have interest rates, which are massive, but those are really the kind of the big
F you fuck you events basically so to speak where you're gonna see liquidity attacked most likely on both sides You know, it's it's not very easy to just you know You don't want to be in trades before it happens But you know the number one thing that I would look for first whenever you are anticipating where price might go With a high-impact news event is first off you want to go ahead and map out your original bias So in this example when we're looking at
es coming into and yesterday we had pmi and joltz job openings at 10 a.m this candle right here is 9 30 um whenever you have uh high impact news i always recommend that you if you're trying to trade during that or right after it you shouldn't be in the trade before the news hits because oftentimes you're going to be um you're going to get swept in those scenarios but the first step you want to do is kind of get your overall bias so
if we look right here we had a very recent uh large displacement to the downside on es so we have this whole leg and price down and that tells us that you know we've reached we created a range
You can take your fib tool and draw it and if you're above the 50% you're in a premium meaning that you're in a higher probability sell area And if you're looking on the one hour, you're already in this massive little buy-to-sell range That price it kind of already traded into now without that's a pretty big range. We always want to refine that but You're able to gather that where we have a more
immediate bearish bias. Now, obviously, if you guys trade indices, you guys know what happened yesterday after we had that initial pushdown, but the overall idea that we had was more bearish because we've had displacement of the downside. The overall high timeframe structure is bearish. We have a point of interest that we're trading into in a premium. So you take all these things and you kind of say,
What would make me bullish and what makes me bearish and if you weigh out, you know a clear concise Bias, that's the first step now if you're ever trying to trade before High impact news again, I shouldn't say before I don't want to confuse anybody because I started off the video by saying this but I'm not telling you go trade NFP I'm not saying you should or you know that you can predict the future Let me go risk the farmer. I'm not telling you that but
As you gain some experience, you will see, and maybe you have seen this already, that oftentimes price does nearly exactly what you think it's going to do. And you kind of sit the sidelines on it. And that's totally fine. That can be your strategy. The title of the video, Should You Trade NFP, I'm not saying this is how you should trade. I'm saying I'm giving you the pros and cons, and if you decide to trade it,
you know that this is how I look at it so I just want to be very clear on that because I have some people joined after I went over the intro and for those of you who are watching this in the future you've already seen that but anyways we've developed that we have more of an immediate bearish bias using like the one hour and the 15 minute those are kind of like my intraday time frames I use for general structure and we always use those in context the higher time frame but
We see here that price has traded up into this whole buy-to-sell range on the one hour. It's much larger We were finding back down to this candle You can get a little bit of a smaller range still pretty large range Now one thing I want to note is if you're going to trade news The love of God make sure that you the sum liquidity is taken because if it's not you're gonna end up liquidity So just because price traded into this, you know, some people might say, okay, we have a bearish bias
price is traded into it we've got my break of structure i'm going to trade from this fair value gap or you trade from this one or maybe you trade from the breaker block right there whatever you do don't do that because just because we tapped up into this zone and we have got a lower time for mental you know if this was a different time of day this would maybe be a good idea to trade from because you say okay we have taken liquidly we took out all these highs took out uh stops there and there
You got to remember this news is always going to be a spike. So step one is figure out your buys and step two is wait for some kind of liquidity to be attacked. So in this example, why did the candle go away? Okay.
Not crazier that candle had one on one side enough training views replay fucks up a lot watch This works. Yeah, so weird that candle hadn't tapped into it on the replay right there. That's super weird anyways We have the first candle that tapped into it at 930 So if we are bearish and if we are looking to take a cell we say okay, well
Where is my liquidity going to be? Well, if you're bearish, you ideally don't want to see yourself get above this right here, but definitely not above this, right? So the first thing to, or if you don't want to stay above it, I should say. So the first thing you want to do is you want to wait for that push right there. So then after you've got that, obviously you've got your
Confirmation because you did take liquidity. You've got a nice little three drive and you've got that pretty clear displacement shift and structure now However, you frame an entry model that's going to be up to your strategy. You know, you could use the breaker in this example that would have been the kind of the first entry and then Let's see how this goes
And this is what we have tried to do in the morning on ES. As you can watch, it goes out and takes that high. So if you try to just use those normal entries and you just try to go right off of an entry model, so to speak, like you would trade, oftentimes the trades kind of already happen. So one strategy that I like to use, and some of you guys who have watched older ICT will catch this, is a turtle soup. So I talk to this a little bit in the Discord, the stock section.
with um using this for smt so eternal soup is just putting a limit on the liquidity pool and then targeting the most next uh recent liquidity now in this example you didn't get really good risk to reward so i'm not i'm more or less showing you this example so you can understand the concept of it i'm not saying this was a home run trade or anything of that nature but if you are trying to trade
During a news event, you've established a very strong bias. I recommend the turtle soup method. So turtle soup, it's an ICT method or model from the 2016 core content where you just set a limit at the liquidity. You don't wait for an entry model because like we went over, you know, you could wait for the break or you could wait for the fair value gap for the order block or order block. You would have got filled, but you would have gotten taken out. And that's what happened to me. So that's why I kind of...
And I've thought about this before whenever I trade right after high impact news events, because a lot of times the big push, that's the actual liquidity rate. And when I look back, I wished I had gotten long. And we're going to go over that second way to trade it.
If you're trying to trade based off of the news reaction, so to speak, you want to use a turtle soup and just target the most low-hanging fruit possible. You don't want to go after the entire range because oftentimes you're going to see a big reversal. Even though we had a more immediate bearish bias because we were sitting in a premium inside of a higher type of mortar block and then we raid that liquidity, that could be a very quick in-and-out trade and you would just look.
You know, where is there going to be stop losses? Well, there's a lot of equal lows right here. Boom, there you go. So that could have been the trade idea number one. Now that's a little bit more complicated, a little more risky. And oftentimes it will be a better risk to reward. In this example, it wasn't because it's massive order block, but you can take the same formula and use it for other situations. And sometimes it's order blocks, you know, might be much smaller, you know, so to speak. And usually these are going to be very explosive trades that you're going to be in and out of within 10 minutes most of the time.
So that's the more complicated one. Now the other one, which I already have a video kind of on this, is just wait for the big push, like the displacement leg. So the first way we just went over is kind of how to...
capitalize off the initial reaction. But how to read the bias and get more of the true narrative is wait and see what liquidity is attacked first and then use your lower time frame entry models. Now this is where you actually go in and use those entry models. I actually made a mistake yesterday and I'll show you guys the trade and it was a dumb mistake. I wanted to trade based off of this.
Buy to sell range right there this whole little range and take it down lower because I thought we were drawing down to the previous weekly low I wanted us to see us take those out this week, but I was wrong And looking back when I journaled this trade I looked and said, you know, that's pretty clear You could have you know, you should have you were looking for the wrong thing And I think what it was is I wanted to take this trade this first trade, but I didn't so then You know, I wanted to get a piece of the action so to speak
But and that caused me to be my perspective to be clouded. So that was a lesson that hit me. And I said, you know, OK, there's two ways to trade news or, you know, that's NFP all falls under the same category. You can trade it off of the reaction or you can trade it off of once the market shows you its hand, so to speak. But you can't try to force the reaction after you missed it. And that's why I kind of came to the conclusion and I went back test it a little bit over the last couple of months. I haven't done extensive data, but on US 30 and ES.
the turtle soups are 100% the best way to
to take to trade news like this. Now, another way you can do it is see if there's SMT, like have all three charts on each screen and see if, you know, let's say if one of the charts makes a higher high and other two don't, you could take that opportunity, so to speak. But again, kind of recap that, establish your bias, and if you're not convicted, then don't try to trade anything. Look for liquidity inside of a point of interest or front running it.
set of turtle soup limit on that liquidity pool with a stop above the point of interest or below it if you're longing. And then target the most recent lower time frame liquidity. Don't go for the external liquidity or anything like that. So that's a model I'm going to work on, but I did want to share that with you guys. Now the other model where most of you guys are probably somewhat used to this is you can just wait for that.
displacement coming up, taking out short-term highs after you've rated that liquidity. So we took out the equal lows. Now you're trading into a discount, right? And you see that whenever we had that big push, this right here, we see a push up, like that initial push. That's not really displaced. We didn't hold that. The displacement was this massive candle down. That's going to stop out all of the buyers and it's going to also induce people to want to sell.
So that's kind of like the market showing you its hand, so to speak. It's showing you we're manipulating to the downside. The sell side is getting manipulated. So that's where you want to look to be a buyer. So once you start to see displacement of short-term highs, there's a number of ways you can enter. You can just mark it right here. It's an unpopular opinion. A lot of people don't want to do that. Oftentimes, if you're confident that we have displacement, you're going to get a better entry than others. Now, some people are against that. That's fine.
If you don't like doing that, you could just look for a price delivery array in a discount. So for me, that would have been this order block. And again, my perspective was skewed. I wasn't even looking for this yesterday, and I missed out on it. So I don't want to give off the idea that I did this. I've definitely done this a lot of times, as you guys in the Discord know, or a lot of you guys really don't live, but I still want to share those mistakes because I think that's important.
we took out that high you could use the order block there wasn't a fair value gap so again you could have used this breaker block if you wanted to use that
Now, if you wanted, you could have put a stop under the breaker. Now, you'd have got a much better risk reward. But for me, I don't really have good track record doing that with indices. That's more of something I would use for like a higher time frame as well as a one minute. So that's entry number one. If you didn't get that, you can always enter up the second displacement. So then you can do the same thing, right? Okay, what's your point of interest? You got to order block off this failed swing. So, you know, failed swing for you guys who aren't aware.
If you have something like this when your bias is already bullish, oftentimes you're going to create an order block off this failed swing right here. And while it's not a strong low, you can use the lowest low if you'd like, or you can use this, but that can be a trade setup. So false swing, if we look here, we kind of came down, pushed up, didn't make a new low, so that's going to be that failed swing, pushed up, we left the order block. You can trade off that.
That could have been an entry okay, you know, there's a tons of different ways you can get that's why I don't want to force one lower time frame entry model over others because Quite frankly some work better for certain assets some work better for certain time frames There's a lot of stuff and that's why back testing is important now You can wait for the the big displacement leg And this is another strategy. I want to back test But when you see like out of all this, you know, this is the clearest displacement right there
So oftentimes people will wait for the...
that discount fair value gap, and a lot of times it doesn't get hit. It's kind of like the breakaway gap theory that ICT talks about, the bridge builders. So if the realtor reward's good enough, oftentimes you can just use the closest fair value gap in the big displacement leg. That's one thing I've noticed recently. Now, there are two different ways you could put your stop loss. You could put it under this candle or under this candle. You can put it wherever you want, but usually if it's a big displacement, that's going to leave you at the very wide stop loss.
So, you know, target could just be the hive that morning. If you want low-hanging fruit, you know, this wouldn't really be that good of a risk reward. Had you set it like this or like this, especially, that's a great trade. You don't need to take much more than that.
Whenever you're trading the lower timeframes with indices or any kind of intraday stuff It's stop-loss placement is really important because that's what's going to determine You know, are you trading a 1r trade or a 2r trade in that may not sound like a big difference? And it should that's double deep the money you're making and you want to really stay above that 2r mark for the most part
So that is pretty much it for how to trade news. I also have another video I should have linked in the description but If you want to watch that it goes a little more in depth on that second segment We just went over but the first one is more or less something that I'm kind of discovering After not trading news all the time. So the answer, you know, should you trade news? You really have to ask yourself first of all You know, are you?
able to maintain good risk management by using extremely small positions. Are you aware with how bad slippage is on your broker? There's a couple different things you need to evaluate and be aware of before you just go in and risk one R on a five pip stop loss before an FPM not telling you should do that because you might lose, you know, you could lose an account, so to speak, if you're close to a drawdown or, you know, your daily drawdown. I mean, if you're trading like gold or something like that.
and you see a massive push, and you got a really tight stop, and you don't get filled for 25, 30 pips, that's, you know, you're fucked. So just stay, keep that in mind, and just make that decision for yourself. But if you do decide to trade, I like the turtle suit method. So thanks for the subscription, man. So now I want to go over and see if there's any questions.
uh vittorio is says i'm highly interested in scalping crypto so if you're trying to scalp i would recommend indices over crypto because the intraday price action is a lot cleaner you're able to put yourself in time windows where you know there's going to be a lot of high volume for instance you know the first two and a half hours the stock market there's going to be a lot of movement so it's going to be a scalper's paradise while crypto i like to rely more on the higher time frame setups and
I'm not going to sit here until you can't scalp on it, but I will say that your odds of success are probably lower than something like ES or the NASDAQ or the Dow. That's just my opinion. But if you're looking to scalp, my recommendation would be to use a 15 minute time frame for your swings. So if you're looking at your 15 minute structure and you have a big push and you've been bullish.
you know, you would get your bias from that 15 minute. And then after that, you know, you're going to just treat it like any other timeframe, look premium and discount, look for whatever areas you want to trade from, try to decide in your trade plan if you want to inquire or require liquidity to enter, if you want to require fair value gaps, whatever it is that you build and what you test that works for you. And, but you want to frame your trades around a 15 minute and then the five in one minute for your entries. So really,
Learning to trade is learning to trade, but you know some people say they want to learn on a position trade or learn on a scalp or day trade and It really just comes down to it's like you're learning a language when you learn to trade you're learning price action So if you can understand price action, then you apply the same concepts and build your own formula on any time frames For instance, if you're a long-term trader, you can use a monthly weekly daily If you're you know midterm trader, you're gonna hold it for weeks to months, you know, you can use a weekly a daily to four hour
If you're a swing trader, you could use a four hour, one hour, 15 minute. If you were more of a day trader, you could use a one hour, a five minute, and a one minute. So if you're a scalper, again, 15, five, one. So you're just gonna build your trades really around three timeframes. I wouldn't go much more than that. Sure, you'll look at a daily chart and you'll look at a weekly to understand where you're at in the much bigger picture. But as far as execution and overall trade planning, I don't think you need to use more than three.
Three time frames, you should spend 80% of your time on three time frames. So What's up shop? Oh, I see ya MC said a previous weekly higher low is swept early in the week You consider a valid a valid liquidity pool if it gets tapped again later in the week No, like if you're asking about yes, like for instance like this to me that's already tapped into because if we're looking at it from the
If we're looking at it from the thing to think of the word.
We're looking at from the perspective that, you know, there's stop losses above this and we see a push up and then a sharp push away followed by breaks of structure. We can then infer that, you know, hey, this is probably, these stops have probably been sold, so to speak. So for instance, whenever people are covering on their shorts and they're getting stopped at a shorts and they're having to buy back those, that position, the composite operator, smart money, whatever the fuck you want to call it.
who we're trying to track, the large investors are then selling at those levels where they're available to because they're using that available liquidity. So if we see a push up, a push into a liquidity pool and then a sharp push out of it, it's tapped. So I wouldn't pay attention anymore. I just have it marked to kind of keep in my head like, okay, yes, all the liquidity, all the stop losses above here have been taken out by that push. So I know that's a previous weekly high. It's taken out.
But, you know, I look at those values as high value areas because, you know, for instance, we see this candle that pushed up. We start to have this order block. I mean, if you look at that order block, like that was a valuable level. So just because this level's gone doesn't mean that you're not going to have any valuable level from that. If you have, you know, the best order blocks and really the only order blocks I pay attention to are those that either have a massive displacement from them.
or ones that take liquidity you know the greatest ones have both of those characteristics but you know if we look at this this kind of camp and took liquidity so that is a good order block right there so we know there's institutional involvement there and we see price trading to it once rapid push down price trading to it again rapid push down so um you know that's a important way to look at uh look at things in my opinion um
Now I said good morning. What's up still the just shorted spooze with 0.25 size instead of 25 at the top of the wick Do a few mistakes. Oh, it happens. Hey, maybe it's a sign. I'm just kidding I Have a row. I didn't try today. I had to do some stuff out of the house Looks like it traded a nice. I mean this water block ended up holding value We can see what we traded up into this region
Then took that Push down pretty massive push right there at the FOMC yesterday So that I'm trying to frame today's price action around this if you're wondering why I'm looking at this so Look that liquidity pushing into this Massive wick right here. They're not the cleanest price actually as far as look the trade off of it But once we got that ship down this morning pre-market. It's actually a really nice opportunity pre-market
So you really could have just traded off this whole range at that point once we had that big up move into the point of interest That causes a displacement down and that can become a sell zone and then that would have been that's all she wrote So immediate displacement down Soon as we've opened trades back up into the order block And then kind of it takes the liquidity. So there's probably a trade right there, but nothing really Super valuable in my opinion, although the big push was pre-market today
MC asked our order blocks or breakers created by news boner candles still valid or are those just one day manipulation moves? I definitely still look at them like so for instance, let's look at Let's look at thank you. So we look back here Thank you actually don't know your bad example. Yes, so yes
it's weird that es took out this high on uh the continuous contract but it didn't on esc so look back at esc which was the current content at the time or contract they even have it i don't know if they still have it they don't never mind but this high didn't get taken on the the contract that had the higher open interest so it's gonna be a skewed example but if we look at this uh candle that was formed the day before um cpi if we go to a four hour
We go back to CPI in September, which was
We have this order block right here these two candles last up close candles and I include the wick as well Just because on another time frame this whole range is the whole buy-to-sell range that caused the down move And if we look price traded up into that and I spiked the high here It didn't do that everywhere else, but you can see that, you know They still hold value because really we're using order blocks as a footprint for institutional sponsorship So, you know where better to look for that than news manipulation. So a lot of times those in my opinion
if they're pro bias and it supports your overall bias then those are probably more valuable than regular in my opinion so start off um i took a loss on aussie dollar this week i wanted to short it off of somewhere right here yeah this right here got clapped on that so that the whole reason for that was that we traded up into this buy to sell range and i had missed my actual opportunity that i wanted to trade
I wouldn't really pay attention because I didn't get to catch the lower time frame entry. So I wanted to see it push back up into this zone and then take it to new lows. I really probably should have sat it out because the whole bias originally was waiting to get up in here and use the low time frames to come down and target these lows. But they had already been taken. Now, while the structure overall is bearish still, we have all this right here, which this big displacement down gives me bearish bias, especially since it's...
in a daily order block and premium of the daily range. So I still thought we could go down lower. So then I set a limit for that failed swing model, but just the bias was wrong and price was rushing up for the PMI. I mean, it did it. Well, I shouldn't say the bias was wrong. Overall bearish bias, I'm still holding onto that. But you see, we took that out with force. So I got stopped out there. And that was one trade. Now, another trade we took was the euro dollar trade. We got stopped to break even on this this morning.
Ended up just putting it to break even after that nice push yesterday. So we pushed it back. We ended up getting about 3R on this one. The whole idea of it is we got into a point of interest that I watched for some time. It was optimal trade entry. It was this last down candle before the big up move that caused this break of structure right there. Took out all these highs and gave us a new range to work within. So if you look at the structure, we kind of had gone from here up.
and followed expectation order flow and create a new range so you know at that point i wanted to take it to new highs which was a little bit more of a lower probability we're going to hit the full tp because we're in that daily uh and four hour order block right here i refined it but you know we've came up with taking a daily set of highs and a weekly high right there failed a fair value gap trading this order block so at that point price uh you know had a reason to turn around
so we set some tps a little earlier and without the highest tp was just going to be a runner at that point but we had these major tps down here that were hit pretty nicely so after the uh price tapped into that four hour zone i just watched for a sweep of liquidity inside the zone we got that and it swept the zone nice displacement out look for a optimal trade entry and found this order block right here that was where we entered price kind of played around for one day and then
During the Tokyo and London session on Tuesday and Wednesday morning, we saw a nice push-up to both our targets. And at that point, we just set the price to... Actually, the reason I set price to break even was...
We had a PMI coming up and you know if you're in a trade That's another thing that I should have touched on if you're in a trade or if you're like You know if you're in profits are barely in profits on a trade and news about hey Just break even your stops or close the position like if you're right near entry and it's been just sitting there for days Just go ahead and get the fuck out like you're probably gonna get you might get lucky, but you know, you don't want to we don't trade off luck so Let me see if there's any questions of the discord
Don't see me so far. Let's see that. Okay, so They're what I'm trying to think my mind's I'm not gonna say the trade work Currently in I want to go and get that out. It's not fair to our members We'll recap it later on now
Oh, yeah, we had a link trade. So this hit TP1, and then I gave the option to people to, if they wanted to, break even the stops. Wasn't really the highest risk to reward, so I understand if some didn't. But the overall bias, so some guys stopped at a break-even, some got stopped out for probably a small loss. I'd say like half hour after they trimmed here. It depends on how much you trimmed. It was just around one hour, nothing wild there.
I was trading based off of this internal layer of structure right here. Overall, I saw this had this higher here. I didn't see any reason for us to turn around. Yes, we were in a premium or the price had pushed into a premium, but we have this nice set of liquidity that did end up getting taken right here. That full TP actually got hit. That's a pain. But that was where I wanted us to draw to was right there. And then more likely to draw right here.
So whenever I looked at his last internal leg, I said, okay, let's break this out of 15 minute You know, I saw this order block right here. We had a big push from you know, we did have this down here That's where we ended up pushing off of but I waited for price to trade right here and then Once I got a nice reaction on the one minute. I just marketed One minute
So we came down, sharp push out of it. This is a little, this needs to be like over on this candle. It moves it when you move stuff around. But marketed right around there, somewhere in this region right here. And alerted that to the group, put that TP right here, and then the other one. So we hit the first take profit and then got stopped out before that.
Trent went to the whole tank probably that's always fun, but you know the levels still played out pretty nicely and to be honest I'm gonna delete this now that we've recapped up But um to be honest this actually doesn't look too bad in terms of maybe catching a sell opportunity
What I'm seeing is we tapped up into that. We didn't sweep liquidity, so I wouldn't have had a trade, so to speak. Yes, we took these highs, but what I like to see is tap into the zone and another tap and a push. We didn't get that, but price is still seeming to follow bearish order flow.
When I still look at this though, this really is my external structure still, you know, I don't consider this a new swing So all this is really the same to me. So this is the range that I'm seeing So this so I still think we have a chance to compensate that high so at this point what I'll do is set an alert for that high and you know watch
Now that's kind of my thought process whenever I don't want to chase it like I could see a short and that's okay, you know follow your system Because honestly this could just be coming down a trade into some of this internal liquidity down here Maybe it's fair about your gap. We might get a little push lower Maybe it was this order block whatever and then get a nice push or maybe even this breaker block right here
That might have been it. But, you know, get a nice push back up into the high and then watch for a reversal there. And then, you know, that's going to give us a better opportunity. Now, if I was a day trader that traded link, you know, I might try to capitalize off of, you know, something like this. Watch right here and say, okay, well, you know, we came into a discount. We came to that breaker. We took out a low. So, you know, we've got our raid, pushed back out.
So now we can watch, you know, where did we come for? What kind of caused that move? Really, we've got this whole zone. So you can go to a five minute, start to see we have a nice displacement here.
I'm gonna push down back in that zone and you can start to layer that confirmation and you haven't got on the one minute Looks illiquid as fuck, but that's something you guys can maybe watch out for I keep on this but I'm not really super super pressed to get into trades considering we have NFP tomorrow morning Again, you know if you're gonna be in trades usually you're in them beforehand, you know, if they're not gonna be super short-term Sometimes you mind. I'm just getting out of them
Not saying I'm totally opposed to it all alert in the discord if I do get active in this it doesn't it doesn't look bad Not sure what the RRR would be at this point though So I wouldn't want to put my stop under this personally just because we do have that unmitigated Zone right here. This is just using the whole zone. I'm not a big fan of I got a lot of equal lows. So what I'll actually do is I will
Set an alert right there, and that's where I'll watch. If I get a nice reaction there, it's a little bit better risk-reward. I might get into a trade. And that's just using the last little pivot instead of that whole range right there.
Um, it looks like most crypto wants to dump. Yeah, a lot of crypto does. I agree. But I mean, crypto is starting to become more and more decoupled. There's different stuff that I look at. I'm like, you know, that doesn't actually look that bad. Dash is one. I think like Dash looks pretty good overall. I mean, it's weird because like who the fuck talks about Dash. But the daily structure to me, it's we came down and we took out all these lows.
Think it was actually some lows. Maybe not We took out a lot of these lows and a sharp push back into the zone So, you know when I see that and then I also see a hot or a low resistance run on liquidity up here That's a pretty a pretty solid setup for a power of three in my opinion So we couldn't see distribution up into these highs are relatively equal as well And that is another setup. I am watching for price to come back down into that daily imbalance It's also a four-hour order block
And from here, I want to see the 15-minute get that nice entry model we look for. And, you know, I would really just be targeting this high. Maybe leave a runner. But there's a little insight on the setup I'm watching.
Where is my current daily range on a you? So I have this entire bearish downswing right here as the swing range So I look at it like you know, it's the structure on the e or a used and pretty clean and clear-cut So we have if we're looking way back here you we have just a series of all these Here's a low. Here's a high. So wait till we take that low. Here's a low. There's a high Here's a low. There's a high low I
Hi, low, and then I'm not gonna really consider this right here just because we just pipped it. So I would just move my low to that, so to speak. You know, I wouldn't create a new range. That would still be the same range. Then came up, we just wicked that high, came down and took a low. So to me, you know, I want to see closures and displacement held under these levels before I consider that the new range. But I will still move my high to the highest point. So then we have this, come down again, we have this, this.
and that brings us to where we're at. So this right here, and then if you look, we have this external sell side liquidity front running the body of this weekly order block right here. Yes, we filmed an imbalance, took this low right here, which I know daily is gonna be clear, but we haven't tapped into the body of that order block. And on the weekly, I like to see bodies get tapped, because that's more of the institutional volume, and we're looking at that large of a data set. And we've got that sell side right there.
then if we look you know we're in a bearish price range we got a nice three drive right into this daily order block so we came up and took the liquidity from this candle and moved off of pretty aggressively so still overall bearish on eu until proven otherwise um you know i actually like this zone if we can get a push off of it i like that zone a lot because we're generating a lot of liquidity coming out of that you know all these highs right here
You know whenever I see that push down another swing a big push like I still want to see this mitigated I don't want to just try to trade with each swing because a lot of times you're just gonna end up getting stomped out on that but See if you have any questions. If not, I'm gonna hop off here that we covered a good bit today You're in the discord you posted anything that wasn't in late night crypto vibes chat I haven't seen it. So I'm trying to look around to find it, but I always find stuff like after the stream
I don't see anything though. All right, guys. Well, I really appreciate you guys coming through. Also, if you haven't watched my market maker video, I just uploaded this morning. Definitely go watch that. I know a lot of you that trade ICT or smart money concepts. I think what I used to struggle with and what a lot of people struggle with is the overcomplicated, esoteric nature of this school of thought. And if you're able to simplify stuff, it becomes a lot more executable. So that's exactly what I did in that video.
So if you haven't watched that already, definitely go watch that after this or whenever you have some time. And if you guys have any suggestions on videos you want me to make, now that I'm not streaming every single day, five days a week, I will be able to put more time into actually creating catered content that is a little bit more directed and efficient, so to speak. So just let me know. As you guys already know, you can get at me on Twitter, comments on YouTube, Instagram, literally whatever. I always respond.
And if you're in the Discord, you guys obviously know that I'm always in there fucking around. So I will see you guys in the Discord. I'll see you on Saturday for the private class. If you want to sign up for that, you can get the link in the description. Use the code ALLCAPSCASPER and you'll get a free trial. And if you're in the Discord already, I'll see you for our private class as usual. So peace out. See you guys later.
