This three-step scalping system consistently gives me days like this, this, and this, and I'm about to show you exactly how. It is so simple that even complete beginners can profit in just 90 minutes per day.
And in this video, I'll teach you all three steps, show you live trade examples and do a one month back test to prove that it works. So that way, by the end of this video, you'll have everything you need in order to become a profitable scalping trader. Let's hop right into step one of the system. First thing that we're going to talk about is where to take trades, because the first step in any profitable scalping system is knowing exactly where you want to trade.
you see most beginners fail because they're trading random levels that don't matter most traders i see over complicate this with indicators or a bunch of fancy strategies but you're about to learn one level that consistently produces winning trades this strategy works in all markets whether you're trading futures forex options crypto or stocks you'll start every day with the same easy routine get to your desk right at 9 30 a.m est
or new york time then you'll draw the high and the low of the very first five minute candle so you want to make sure you're on your five minute chart here on trading view this is the candle that occurs between 9 30 and 9 35 a.m est you want to wait for this candle to fully close and then you're going to go over here to the left select the trend line tool and you can just draw out the high and then you'll draw out the low
Next, we want to go to the one minute chart and wait for a break. So you'll go up here and click the one minute. And this is going to bring you to a chart where each candle represents one minute instead of five. Now, after we get to the one minute chart, we're going to wait for one of these levels to break. But we do not want to just see a wick. This is very, very important. You need to see an energetic push through this level because this tells you instantly.
who is taking control of the market, whether it's buyers or sellers. And this is where the big moves are going to happen, when price breaks above the high or below the low with force. But knowing where to trade is only half the battle. In step two, I'm gonna show you exactly when to enter the market. To help you master scalping faster, I made a free PDF study guide that goes along with this course, along with bonus chart examples.
and the three mistakes that kill most beginner traders. I'll leave a link in the description so that way you can download it for free. This brings us to step two, when to actually take trades. And this is where most traders make mistakes and blow up their accounts because they know where the level is, but they enter too early and get stopped out. Now, let me ask you something. If you had a proven strategy, which I'm giving you right now, are you the type of person to stay consistent with it?
now i hope the answer is yes because this is the most important skill that any profitable trader has and all you need is this one strategy to find consistent winning trades in order to know when to trade and to know that the market's likely to continue this energetic push we're going to look for a three candle pattern where the middle candle jumps leaving a gap because we want to see the market not only break outside of this range but we want to see that big energetic push respected
so what we're going to be looking for here is a gap between one candle's wick and this third candle's wick where the middle expansive candle has created that gap and this is what you call a fair value gap or fvg now once this fair value gap happens we can be confident that big players are in the market and intend to push it further at this time we can enter immediately when this fair value gap forms outside the range so to plot out our entries you go over here to the sidebar on trading view
And since we broke through the high, we want to get into a long position or a buy. Now what this tool shows us is where our entry, our target, and our stop loss or invalidation point is going to be. You want to enter the market as soon as this third candle closes because this confirms this fair value gap. Now for our stop loss, we're going to place that at the first candle that closed its body through the range. And for our target,
we're going to go for a fixed two to one risk to reward. This means that on a winning trade, we would profit twice as much as we would lose on a losing trade. As you can see right here, we have a profit target of $1,500 and we have $755 at risk. And at this time, you can sit back and let the market do the work for you with confidence that this will likely be a winning trade. As you can see, we hit the target.
which brings us to a profit of $1,500. And this only took about 11 minutes to hit our target. And it's that stupid simple. Now you know where to enter trades. But oftentimes, if you're like me when I was learning, one example isn't enough to really drill it down. In order to gain real confidence, which is what you need to trade this consistently, you need to see this in multiple different market conditions, from choppy markets to days where fakeouts happen, and...
even see what a losing trade looks like. That way you don't panic when it happens. So next, we're going to trade this together for an entire week. That way you have everything you need to trade this consistently. And this brings us to day number two. I'm going to show you exactly how this plays out, showing you the winners, the losers, and everything in between.
And then we're going to see how it performed over an entire month with the back test. This way, by the end of this video, you're going to have all of the confidence and clarity that you need to become a profitable trader and use this strategy consistently. In day number two, I'm going to show you how to avoid fake outs. And not knowing how to avoid fake outs is the number one reason that people fail using this or any trading strategy.
We're going to start out the day as normal. We're going to wait for that 9.30 a.m. candle. We're going to select our trend line and then mark out our high and our low. Then we're going to go up here and click the one minute to bring us to the one minute chart. After we're on our one minute chart, we're going to wait for the break. But here is where most people will make a fatal mistake. As you can see, we traded through the level, but we didn't get our energetic push or a fair value gap.
A lot of traders will try to FOMO in the markets right here, but this will cause you to fail. We always have to be patient and we need to wait for that big energetic push to enter the market and confirm our entry with a fair value gap. As you can see here, now the market has made our fair value gap.
through the range so at this time you're good to enter the market so as soon as that third candle closes you're good to enter the trade and then you put your stop at this candle because it is the first candle that actually closed its candle body outside the range this gives us a trade we're risking 490 to make 970 and at this time you can sit back and let the market do the heavy lifting for you
And in this trade, a lot of people would have gotten a little scared because the market retraced. But it's important to always trust your system and stay disciplined. This trade took about 18 minutes to play out and made us another $970. This brings our total profit to $2,470 in just two days and less than an hour of trading. And this brings us to day number three. So you have your first five minute candles high.
and the low marked out so we can go ahead and head to the one minute chart where we'll wait for our break to enter the trade as we can see here we did trade through the low but we didn't close through it or create a fair value gap so there is no trade you always have to wait for your trade criteria as you can see we've now created a fair value gap so you're good to enter the market and you're going to put your stop loss again right at the low of the candle
that close through the range we're going to take our target and we're just going to go for a fixed two to one risk to reward on this trade we have 975 at risk to make 1935 profit so at this time you just sit back and let the market do its thing now in this trade it's quite interesting it just kind of sits around for a while and now it's inching towards the stop and then the market kind of makes a little bit of a dead cat bounce here
And this is a really anxious moment for most traders because price is getting close to taking them out. So you still have to be disciplined as hard as it is. And sometimes you're going to take a loss. I could sit here and just cherry pick and show you only winning trades. But that would not be honest. Truth is, I've been exactly where you're at right now. Whenever I was trying to learn how to trade, I was frustrated. I lost a bunch of money. And I always wondered if I'd ever figure this out.
And one of the biggest problems I had is I used to think that successful traders just got good at trading and then never lost. And that was the biggest lie that I ever believed from all these social media gurus, because the fact of the matter is real traders do lose. Any strategy has losers, but we lose small and we win big. As you can see here, we're still up almost $1,500 on the week, even after taking this loss. The key difference between traders who make it and those who don't
isn't just avoiding every single loss it's controlling them and that is exactly what you just saw now in day four let's look at a tricky entry where most traders would fumble but after you see this you're never going to make this common mistake and this brings us right to day four so you're going to start out the day just like any other day marking out the high and the low of that first five minute candle and yes i know this strategy is so repetitive and so simple and boring but
that is how you become a consistent trader and then you're going to go to your one minute chart just like normal and what we of course want to wait for is a solid break now the market trades right down into this low and it even closes a candle below it however this is not a trade entry just yet because we have to wait for our fair value gap and if you notice this candle comes back up and there is no gap between these candles
So as hard as it is, you have to stay patient and not FOMO into the market and wait, because oftentimes a good trade entry will end up presenting itself. As you can see here, we end up having our fair value gap, but this time we're moving through the low of the range. So what you're going to do is you're going to enter a short or a sell position. This allows you to make money when the market is moving down. You still enter it exactly the same way. As soon as that third candle closes, you would get in the trade.
but here's where a lot of people make a mistake they want to put their stop loss at this candle because it caused the fair value gap but remember you always want to place your stop loss at the candle that first closed through the range even if that wasn't the one that created the fair value gap so you put your stop loss on that candle and then we're still going to go for our normal two to one risk to reward so on this trade we've got 670 at risk to make 1340
and the same as always you sit back and let the market do the heavy lifting for you now it comes back up towards your entry but it ends up hitting the target and this guys is why being disciplined and consistent is so important because even though the market moved back up to our entry it ended up going to our target and this brings us to a total profit so far of two thousand eight hundred and thirty five dollars this trade only took about 24 minutes to play out
as you can see all of these trades happen extremely fast and this brings us to day number five where i'll show you how to trade in a choppy market which is an extremely important skill that any profitable trader has and where you don't have this skill people over trade and lose money so we have our first five minute high marked out and the low so we will then go to our one minute chart once we're on our one minute chart just like normal we're going to wait for a break
of one of our levels and this brings us to where a lot of traders get confused because we have a fair value gap but we didn't close outside of the range so in this example we don't have a trade because the market has to have an energetic push outside of the range not just within it because if it happens without breaking out of the range we don't know if big players are in the market and the market is likely to just chop around so we always want to be patient guys it's so so important for you to wait
And sometimes it's going to be very painful to watch because you're going to think the market's going to go without me. But as you can see in this example, the market kind of chops around. It even makes a little bit of an attempt to go without you. But I mean it when I say it is so important to stay consistent and oftentimes an even better opportunity is going to come around. Because as you can see, the market now has pushed back.
the range and if you FOMO all through this a lot of times people will panic and this is where people make a lot of the mistakes you know they'll buy a trade then they try to sell it and they do all these things that are just unnecessary because whenever you wait you have confidence because you know that you stuck to your plan and this market comes down and moves around a lot more and chops around
This is the most important thing that you guys need to take away today is how to navigate these kinds of markets. Because as you know, if you've been trading for any kind of time, not every single day is going to be a picture perfect example. How many days have you spent where you over traded and lost your account because you simply couldn't stay patient? In this example, as we can see, the market ends up giving us our setup. So we've now created a fair value gap.
outside of the range the difference here is this fair value gap was created inside of the range and didn't close a candle body this fair value gap was created aggressively outside the range giving us the confidence that big players are in control so at this time we're good to enter a buy since we broke out of the high and we would then take our stop loss and put it on the candles low that closed outside of the range
So as soon as that third candle closes, we're good to enter a long position. But where are we going to place our stops, guys? Not at this candle because it wasn't the first one to close outside the range. The first candle that closed outside the range was this one right here. So our stop loss would go right at that candle's low. And this is important to make sure we get good risk to reward and set our targets properly. Because remember, our targets are always going to be twice the distance from our entry as our stop loss is.
so on this trade we have six hundred and thirty dollars at risk to make twelve hundred and fifty dollars and now you just sat back and let the market do the heavy lifting for you sometimes the market can take a little time especially on these days where the market was a little choppier to start off with but that's okay you always want to make sure to stay patient and let the system do the work for you and have confidence that over time this strategy has an edge
As you see, we hit our two to one risk to reward and this brings us to $4,085 even with our losing trade. You've now seen this strategy traded in multiple different market conditions and even seen a losing trade. But now here's the real moment of truth. Let's see how this performed over an entire month. If you want to trade live with me at the market open while prices unfolding, watching me execute trades, have every single trade that you take reviewed,
and be directly mentored by me until you're a funded trader there is a link in the description to apply to work with me directly due to this being a direct mentorship there are limited slots available if the link still works then we are still accepting new applications quick disclaimer before i show you these results i want you to pause right now and take a look at this and make sure you read every last word
So how did this strategy do over a historical backtest? As you can see here, after the month backtest, we got to a total profit of $10,020. But the big kicker is that we only went to drawdown $1,150 over the entire month.
This makes this strategy perfect for prop firms. Now, if you want to trade prop firms, I'm partnered with Apex. I'll leave a link down in the description where you can use code CASPER to get 50K prop firm accounts for less than $50. This strategy also had a 70% win rate. We had a total of 17 trades out of 20 trading days because there are only 20 trading days in a month due to weekends. This strategy gave us a setup almost every single day.
you now have everything that you need to trade consistently in less than 90 minutes per day always remember guys trading is hard but whenever you have a proven system like this you will have your work cut out for you don't forget to download the free pdf study guide that has more examples and the three mistakes that kill new scalping traders that link is down in the description and make sure to subscribe and i'll see you guys in the next video
