What's up? What's up? I'm going to give everybody a couple minutes to get in here. Probably just two or three more minutes. Sorry about being late. I actually had to go pick my daughter up and ended up getting home way later than I thought. But it is what it is. We're here. Usually on Friday nights, it seems like a lot of people are out doing stuff and don't really make it and watch it later.
also hell yeah with the motivation i love it all it takes is one man to change the world always remember that never know it could just be you goes for everyone out there that's he is vibing through your city his name don't lie also everybody in the discord if you could please um i want to make sure i respond because every time i get done in the streams i always see a bunch of stuff that i didn't see because it's not in the late night crypto i'm like let i show you guys right now on stream how to get to it because every time people so if we go to
right here. And then late night crypto, there's a chat thing right there. That is what, this is what I see while we're streaming. So please ask away or unmute your mic if you can. I know some people have issues for whatever reason, but this is where, there we go. See, more of all gets the right idea. So does cause that, that's the chat. So I don't know why this went away. There we go. So
I love it. Good vibes in the chat tonight. Everybody's hype. Anonymous, what's up? Got the Versace shades on. Somebody said no slow mode in here. What is there slow mode in the other ones for you guys? I didn't even know there was slow mode in crypto chat. What the fuck? I didn't even know that.
It makes sense that you guys are DJs. No, I'm just kidding. Only some of you. Like silent. No, I'm just kidding. I love you, silent. So what I want to go over, we've went over this. You guys that have been tuning in have seen it. Hell, we caught a play off this model the other day. This is exactly the model that we used to catch the spy trade the other day.
It was great that we were live and you guys see how quick that trade played out. And I want you guys to really learn how to spot this. And I'm going to point out a couple of things. That's why I wanted to go deeper on this infographic. Then I try to fit as much value and info in a digestible amount of text and in this small picture. But there's a couple of things that I do want to.
I can't, my brain's not working. That I want to focus on. That I want to make sure that you take from it because I kind of wrote a book about this. Although it's really very simple at the end of the day. Remco, I'm going to, if you can hear me, if you can mute your mic, that'd be dope. Unless you want to talk. I don't know if you know your mic's unmuted or not. But.
Sorry, add to server mute. If you want to talk, anybody that's server muted, always at me and be like, yo, un-server mute me. I don't ever do it personally. It's just because sometimes people don't realize their mic's not muted. Where were we?
I think I was just talking about how much stuff, how much more I could go into this. So the main tweak that I've done since we started talking about this, and this is not like I invented this model. I'm just trying to really put it in a much easier digestible explanation for you guys. I don't think there's anyone who created this model. I think it's just using a...
school of thought or a logic. ICT pushes the model. It's been really ever since liquidity rates were a thing, but I want to put it into a non-cryptic, direct, easy to digest because it's really not that complicated as a lot of people make it.
First things first, and this is where I tweak it a little bit to where it's different than a lot of people I see. You've got to make sure that, for me, I personally want an imbalance. So this is an M15 perspective this morning. This is actually this morning on SPI. And I was going to use a different piece of...
of material today for the edu content but i felt this was going to be more valuable to you guys and also it's going to be cool because we're going to go back and we're going to go over exactly how i um or what i what date i got this from so for me i want to make sure there's an imbalance up in this region above this high so that's why i said identify an imbalance above or below an old high or a low and no i didn't mean for that to rhyme but
We know, maybe you don't. If you're new, I have an infographic on imbalances. My Twitter is down here in the bottom left. You can go check that out or just put it in the comments. I can link it. But a short review on imbalances is when the market only offers one side of liquidity because there is a great enough inefficiency in supply and demand to where the market has to expand rapidly.
to find a fair value or to find equilibrium so when this occurs we know that in this imbalance here that there still remains or we anticipate orders to be remaining there oftentimes institutional orders because when the algorithms are spamming their orders to create that inefficiency of supply and demand to push price down which is their intention um they they leave some of those orders behind so they'll oftentimes
create this false breakout level you see right here right in front of the imbalance or in the imbalance depending on what time frame you're in oftentimes the high or the low isn't in a optimal trade entry so for instance if we're looking for a rate on a high oftentimes that high is not going to be in a premium
of the fair value gap. Now remember, price is fractal. So you might see a 15 minute fair value gap. There could be a 20 minute fair value gap or a 25 minute. I've seen people use all sorts of different timeframes. That's not really the focus. The focus is understanding what we're trying to visualize because we're just using time and price to visualize an occurrence or visualize the tape in our own way. It's just an easier way to digest it.
It doesn't have to be in premium on every single timeframe, but ideally we want to find an imbalance that if we're looking for a high to be rated, we don't want the premium to have been tapped into or equilibrium for that matter. Vice versa, if we're looking in a buy scenario, we don't want discount. So in this example, we have a high that kind of front runs the optimal trade entry of this fair value gap. And this is coming into the morning.
This candle right here you see is at 930. It's at the open. So this is, I think it's around like four in the morning to 930. And you'll see that little morning range, that pre-market range form where there's money being moved around, but the big orders a lot of times haven't hit until New York equity open, or at least there's not an availability of retail liquidity to be induced. So we look.
You know, overall, if we see imbalances and breaks of structure or the downside, we know that the institutional structure is bearish. And once these orders are filled, the opposing liquidity, which is the sell side you see down here, is going to be sought after. So if you're a market maker and you have a ton of orders residing up in here in this imbalance, guess what you need to execute those orders?
Well, you're going to need buyers in this scenario because these are going to be sell orders since the candle was moving down. Only one side of liquidity was being offered when the market was rushing down. So when we have these imbalances with a high front running it, think of that as a rat trap for retail traders. It's a rat trap for early shorts, and it's also a rat trap for breakout buyers. So either way, it's just buying liquidity. That's why we call it buy-sided liquidity.
If you're looking to sell, if you're a market maker, you're going to have to engineer people that are going to buy from you. So that's what they do with this high. That's what the intention of this is, is to induce that buy side liquidity. So second step after we've identified our imbalance above an old high or below an old low, we wait for the high or low to become or to be rated. And the biggest and if you don't take away anything.
as far as the fine print from this you need to have displacement because it's really easy to get lost in the you know you guys hear me use this analogy a lot but people do you know look at it from a two plus two equals four very robotic perspective you have to be practical so if we're looking at it from a practical perspective we got to remember what we're trying to identify is institutional manipulation so if a large force
is manipulating price, it's always going to be done with displacement. What is displacement? Well, whenever the market is consolidating and we have a range, that means that the market has found a fair value or it's balanced. Everybody thinks that the price is fair, so to speak. But whenever a large force or a large set of orders come into the market, that can displace that balance.
So that's what we look for whenever we're trying to gain confluence that a large force is sponsoring this move. So we absolutely have to have displacement in order for us to have a trade. Really any liquidity raid needs to be done with displacement. A lot of people that I work with, whenever they're really first identifying how to trade liquidity raids, they get the concept, but they...
get FOMO and they don't require true displacement. And they'll use the excuse anytime a high gets taken or a low gets taken, they say, okay, Casper, how do I know where to trade this? And the simple, simple way to weed out a lot of the bad trades is required displacement. If there is no true RAID, remember a RAID, think of what a RAID is. You know what I mean? A RAID's not done inching up. It's done with force, right? So we need displacement.
Also with indices, time of day is mandatory. This has to be occurring for the AM session. Notice that's the title of this. This needs to happen between 9.30 and 11 AM. And 11 is on the late side of things. This morning, it happened, I think, within five to 10 minutes of the market opening. And oftentimes, just like we went over the other day when we caught the live trade on SPY, you're going to know the true intentions of the market makers within the first three five-minute candles once you have developed a good daily bias.
So, again, displacement and time of day efficiency is mandatory. That's going to show us that the large force is at play.
So after we get the raid with displacement, it's not just a buy or sell scenario. You know, that's kind of trying to, you know, we're trying to catch a falling knife, but we got to do it the right way. So, or I guess in this example, it's not really a falling knife. I don't know what the analogy for that is, but you get the picture. So now this is one of the things that I wanted to accentuate because I didn't want to write a paragraph about it in the,
Infographic.
The three drive pattern, which we've been talking about on Bitcoins daily on the one hour. So I know that crypto is dumped like crazy today. Hopefully they got those of you who've been with us and have been paying attention. There's no reason for you to have not expected that unless you just faded everything we've been talking about. But I doubt most of you. I think most of the consensus, at least in our discord, everybody has kind of been on the same page and people were prepared for this.
whenever we're looking at the three drives pattern.
We're not going to go into a ton of that, but think of it as a distribution pattern. There's some Wyckoff people. I see, JL, you're in here. You'll be able to probably explain this later on. I'll actually want to pick your brain on the three drives, but it's an old ICT pattern. Basically, we're just going to look for three drives or lower timeframe liquidations where dumb smart money or just dumb money in general.
tries to enter. So, you know, we see right here, if you were to just enter with a stop bus above that high, you would have got stopped out. You see right here, if you would have done the same thing, you would have got stopped out. So, you know, how do we know when to enter? And it's the same exact principle. We got to have displacement. We got to have proof that smart money is either selling the pump or buying the dip. So if you see right here, I hope you guys can see where my cursor is.
we see this big move to the downside breaking market structure. Now, one thing I want to be clear on is those of you who've been in the private classes in the Discord or those of you who trade supply and demand and you have swing and internal structure, I'm not referring to that. I'm referring to any candle that is a low or a high. For instance, any candle, if we're looking at a low, that has a candle to the left and to the right with higher lows than it. I don't care if it's the internal low. I don't care if it's the swing low.
And go back, test it. This is, I promise you, you know, for instance, the spy trade we took the other day, it wasn't a internal or swing high that was broken when we took the long. It was just any market structure. So once that's broken, now here's another unpopular tweak that I've done to this model. I don't necessarily always require to wait for a fair value gap entry. And this also goes in hand when whenever people ask me in the Discord,
If we're in a trade and let's say it's up, I don't know, 10 pips or whatever, and people say, is it still good for me to get in? Well, most of the time, unless the trade's already played out, yeah, it's definitely still cool to get in. But guess what's changed? The risk reward. That's it. You just got to adjust your stop loss. There's nothing changed. As long as take profits haven't hit, as long as trade hasn't played out, the only thing that's different is your entry.
right? So in this example, let's say, you know, we get this break of structure. Now there actually wasn't, maybe we'll go back and see. I don't want to say there wasn't any time frame. On the one minute, there wasn't a clear fair value gap except this tiny one right here, very small, which is a fair value gap. Now price never returned to that. So what I do is because I'm actively watching this every morning, I watch for this to happen. It doesn't happen every single day. Almost every day, you'll be able to get an entry office, right?
That's not financial advice, but I don't want to guarantee people's stuff because people come around and start blaming you for shit. But it works pretty good for me personally. So I, whenever this happened this morning, I just immediately took a sell. Stop loss above the high. Some people always wait for the fair value gap. Now for me, the way I determine whether I wait is by risk to reward. If I can enter the trade right there where we get a break.
And I'm watching it and I've got it to where when I'm watching this, I've already calculated the distance to the high. I know exactly because spy on MetaTrader is super fucking easy. It's how many dollars to the high. It's very easy. So I've already calculated that and added my spread in. I'm literally sitting with MetaTrader open with the amount of lots ready to hit open a position. So for me, if price is right here.
I'm not necessarily always going to wait for it to come up 30 or 50 cents. It doesn't matter that much to me personally. Now, you can take this and do what you will with it, but that's the way I look at it. I'm not that prudent about waiting for a return. Now, if this move had been much larger, and let's say the risk-reward was damaged and it was too close to my target.
then that's where I would wait. And sometimes you'll miss a trade, which is totally fine. There is no reason to just FOMO into a trade. But I also believe that once you understand and have a good footing in your model, you don't have to miss a trade either. Because a lot of people that learn smart money, this is better than being a FOMO trader, but it's also bad.
right? When you just miss a shitload, a shitload of trades where your bias is right, that's a problem. You know what I mean? Because yes, you're not losing money. It's much better problem to have than somebody who's FOMO trading. It's definitely a way better problem to have, but you got to find tweaks to where you're able to participate because, you know, everybody, trading isn't about your bias being right. That is a key element to
what success in trading requires, but success in trading, you know what it's based off of is execution. So a lot of people I work with one-on-one, they, they get like paralysis analysis and it's really easy. Like it happened to me too. You know, so don't, you know, don't trip on it. If this, if this is speaking to you, but take it in the sense that you gotta, you gotta get active. You know what I mean? So don't let, you know, like, let's just say in this scenario, it broke down and you know, you're 50 cents from the fair value gap entry.
You know, some people may disagree with me, but I'm going to take that trade because I'm not going to sit there and, you know, be that. Again, it's two plus two, right? We got to be practical. The market's fluid. You got to be fluid. And once you understand what's going on, and as long as you don't damage your risk reward, there's no harm done in my opinion. Because we're losing the same amount of money if our stop loss hits no matter what, you know, as long. And if you're not, then I don't know what to tell you your way.
way behind. So we got to require that break of structure with displacement. Again, displacement is 100% required always. Now for targets, what I do is I just target the closest opposing liquidity on a 15 minute timeframe. Now the other day we were really close to the daily draw on liquidity. So, you know,
That was a little different. If you're very close to your daily target, play your bias. We reviewed that already. We won't state too much on it.
You know, that's a situation where I might target a little further. But even if I think the market's going to continue, which I haven't even looked, I saw it look like it was. So I didn't want to watch it continue without me. I'm sure it probably did. I haven't looked at a chart since this morning at like 950, except Bitcoin right before I got on. And that's about it. But, you know, you can target that opposing liquidity or you can ride it into the New York lunch hour.
But always make sure to trim or really close the position of full coming into 12 p.m. Sometimes, yeah, you'll miss out on some gains, whatever. But you have to be prudent enough to understand that you're not going to, you know, not every tree grows to the sky. You know what I mean?
The sooner you accept that and the sooner you're okay with letting a trade run after you take profits, that's a sign that you're starting to become more consistent in the long run. We don't get rich off of winning the lottery. We get rich off of calculated systemic wins over time. So again, this is on my Twitter. I appreciate it if you guys go blow it up, whatever. But if you want to just save it, you can go there.
I'm going to put a notion together soon with all of these infographics and an e-book and stuff. So that way you'll have a little bit easier access to it. But for now, it's on the Twitter. If you want to look at it, if you've got any questions, always feel free to ask me. I'm always down for that. So now, you know, a lot of people are wondering what the fuck is going on with crypto. But any of you guys have been here. We know that we've pretty much been expecting this. We've been talking about.
this um drawn liquidity here let's go to the chart that's on this chart i guess i deleted some of this stuff um now this was the imbalance we've been talking about i um i know jl had the same target he was talking we were talking about this like yesterday it's crazy how fast it happens i think price was up in this region we were talking about it and um
I think it was yesterday morning, actually. So it was probably higher. So it was yesterday morning, right? Yeah, like 2 in the morning. Was it that? I don't think it was that late. Yeah, like 2, 2.30 in the morning is when we dumped hard. Oh, when we dumped. I was like, I don't remember being up that late. I meant when we were talking about it. I was like, really, was it? Oh. No, but so.
That was mad. And we've been talking about this really ever since like this daily candle, as soon as that second daily candle started drying down. And again, remember, let's just, I just want to open this up so you can see. I already, I already exiled it out. But you guys saw that three drives pattern I was talking about on the low timeframes. So look what we have in the daily.
three drives right it's the same thing and um also guess what it was into i know ict even tweeted about this shit today and i you guys who's been here you could vouch i've been saying this shit for the last like week i saw this today and i was like even even he doesn't even trade bitcoin and it's clear as fucking day i saw somebody post yeah look at this as we've been going over for like the last i don't know four or five days um
So it's, you know, it's not hard to spot. Yeah, huh? It's like literally to a T.
I don't know. Is it on right on equilibrium as well? It is right above it. I mean, that's like it's free. Like that was, you know, spot that from a while away. So Bitcoin was the easiest of the weekly bias. And this is the weekly recap. You know, you guys all know I've been saying Bitcoin is going to dump. We've been saying it was going to come into some balance. And we also have been saying that if we don't find a reversal here, somewhere in this area, I mean, the overall target is equal lows. Now.
I'm not going to say I expect that. And we are still in this daily demand count. So this is the first time I've looked at it. So we'll take a look. We can get a four hour and refine. Here is the order block I like right here. So the reason I like this is because it took liquidity. We see not one, but two liquidity pools that it tapped into before a rapid expansion. And we actually caught this move too and play a bit. I know that some of you guys have been.
uh with us for all we caught this move i think it was like 2800 um but now we're back to that area where that demand was created right so whenever we get into so we're obviously seeing some form of reaction right here seeing displacement to the upside
Now, I'm not going to be one to trade on the weekends, but I will tell you this is the reaction you want to see if you're trying to be a bull here. I will say that this doesn't look bad right there, but time will tell to see if we hold. The zone I like, I like that again because why? It took liquidity. So when you're picking order blocks or demand zones, whatever you're going to call them, I think that...
You know, I'm not going to tell you to require it, but I'm going to tell you that you will refine your trading plan if you do require your order block to take liquidity. Because again, an order block is, you know, whenever we're talking about mitigation, market makers enter sales here to induce liquidity for them to buy, right? So if price comes back down to those areas, they're going to mitigate those orders. That's why we expect a reaction and expansion from them, because those sellers are going to get closed.
So once that occurs, you know, this liquidity rate, we can identify this is going to be a higher value order buck. Now we can also use fair value gaps. We don't have much as enough on the, on the one hour yet in order to draw that out. So, you know, I'm a big fan of the fair value gaps lately. Now.
You know, I'm going to keep an eye on this. I might end up trading this, to be dead honest with you guys. But it doesn't look bad. The way I would do it, because I do have my daughter, and I'm not going to be super, super active on charts. Definitely not tomorrow, but I will set some alerts. I'll kind of cherry pick this one. If it comes, it comes. But those of you who are watching, I like this zone right here on Bitcoin. Specifically, what I'd want is a breakdown into a five-minute change of character, and that would...
give me enough for an entry um since where this zone's pretty small personally i would just try to use this as like your invalidation point you know if even if the five minute gives us a new invalidation point just my strategy just because at the end of the day you know i think you could probably hold on to this one for a little bit you know now where would i look to take some off um because i'm not looking at this like a very bullish scenario to be honest this three drive to me and this displacement to the downside
I mean, yes, our weekly draw, you know, was the end of this imbalance. But at the end of the day, you know, the imbalance doesn't have to get filled. We did come into a premium, a deep premium of the weekly imbalance. So, you know, this kind of displacement, the weekly candle closes in two days. I mean, me personally, if I'm talking about the weekly, I'd almost look already, if we close anything looking like this, I'd look for these lows here.
If not the 17, really 17, 593. But daily, you know, I could see maybe a push back up, you know, depending on how this candle closes. We got, okay, nevermind. I forget what time it is. Okay. So we do have a whole nother day. Um, and the impulse move that caused all this mayhem is really this to me. Um, I would look probably for, let me go to the one hour.
This high holds interest to me. The reason being is it's the first area of liquidity in a premium. We get like a 15 minute maybe. I like that high personally. You also have this imbalance right here. So if we're talking about institutional structure, we know that if price is seeking the sell side, yes, price might come up and get back into this area, but we're expecting there to be orders in that fair value gap.
So that's kind of where I'm at on Bitcoin. You definitely could take profits at like this high as well along the way. Wouldn't hurt. But I'd be probably taking most of my gains at or around equilibrium. Now the weekend can induce fucking mayhem with crypto. We all know that. But that's really all there is to it on Bitcoin. It's pretty cut and dry.
So overall, how far did supply go? Oh, that's sad. It went without me. There's actually a nice, I can't even say I ought to take that because it was during the lunch hour. But if you see here, look what else happened. Look, highs and balance.
All right, so again, we're talking about institutional structure. We're looking at where the order's at and what kind of liquidity is being seeked. We can obviously, the sell side is being seeked here, right? It's being sought out. So once price comes back in, it takes out all these orders. So our money's positioned again for another move down, and then it goes for the sell stops. All right, now the markets are closed for the weekend. Overall, again, what do we say? We are at key levels. We've been talking about this. We're above these equal highs.
where could we look for price to go? Well, what I'm looking for at this point is somewhere in this imbalance. That's where I think the draw on liquidity is.
somewhere between 4,151 and 4,200. Now, I'm not going to really take credit for calling this weekly bias. Yeah, I don't want to be a bullshitter. I did say basically I wanted to see where we kind of went with this. We did at the beginning of the week, we said everything was drawing to the equal highs, but I don't think that's much to... I'm not going to sit here and like...
Oh, I called it. It was pretty clear as fucking day. Anybody could have called that. But we have been talking about it for a while, to be fair.
Also from the Discord, Morvog says, do you want to see a close under the low on the one minute or do you just enter as soon as it breaks? Sorry, that's about 10 minutes ago. So preferably I want to see a close, but really it's just about the displacement. I mean, requiring a close wouldn't be a bad idea, especially if you're starting out with the model. But once you get a little bit of a feel for it, you've seen the price action play out.
10 to 15 20 times you start to get a little bit more familiar with it and just like it's like riding a bike you'll start to get more comfortable but i would i would recommend it when you're starting to require clothes and i'm guessing he for those who are wondering he's referring to the uh
the trade model in the AM. So also anonymous bread, yeah, called it perfectly. We did, we were pretty on point with it. So we'll go over two of these trade models. We'll start on a 15 minute view. So this one we called live over here. This was, we caught the bottom. And a lot of times the nice thing about this trade model is you can catch the
you can catch the entire move of the day. I don't want to guarantee that. Again, NFA, not financial advice. No, but you can oftentimes catch the move of the day if you pull this off correctly. Because what's going on is, again, we have this imbalance where we're anticipating that smart money orders reside. So there's a lot of money here. In order for these big orders to get filled, remember, they didn't even get filled on the way up. Why? Because the market was only offering
one type of liquidity price was rushing for buy side liquidity so it could find an equilibrium and that's why we started ranging right here so you have this range so once there is displacement out of that range right this these big form of now this candle right here doesn't look the same as it did whenever you know it was under that low and that this also can help us um with confluence that this is a raid and if you've ever heard somebody talk about you know um
If a candle doesn't close above or below the level that it's probably a liquidity rate, what you're visualizing when you see that wick is that low timeframe execution model. Again, time and price is just what we use to visualize occurrences in the market and read the tape in our own form of way. It just simplifies it. So if we see a big wick on this candle on a 50 minute, we know that
what's actually going on is our entry model on the one minute. Now, again, like I said before, it doesn't have to be a swing high or a swing low or an internal high, internal low for me. Now, yes, in this example, we did take that as well, right? Because, you know, actually, I can't tell if these right here are, let's see, hold on to that. The low is...
818, 818, they're equal. So theoretically, actually, yeah, it still did get taken up here. So, you know, maybe that's how you require. Again, I encourage you guys to go out and take this. And if you find a better way than me, so be it. And, you know, if it works, back test it and I, you know, fuck yeah, then we can all win off of it. But this is the way that I've found for it to work for me. I just wait for this occurrence, that first, you know, that first high, especially.
If it's pro daily bias, because again, we were targeting the daily equal highs that we've been talking about for a while. So once we get that break again, like I said, sometimes I'll just enter. Now, could I have gotten a little bit better risk reward had I waited? Sure. But for me, that I think it was.
It's a dollar 40 cents. I'm okay with, with taking it right there. You know, that's just my strategy. Maybe you want to wait for the fair value gap. You can see that if we waited, you could have maybe even waited for EQ of the fair value gap. Some people wait for the demand candle, which that didn't hit. You know, some, there's different, you know, take your own, your own sauce and throw it on there, but this is the way I do it. So we entered right there and we all know.
how that played out. And that's how you can catch that move because if the market maker's intentions are to bring price higher, most of the time at first, they're going to send it lower. So they can come back down and fill these orders within that fair value gap, and they're going to need to rate this liquidity to do so.
So that was on Wednesday or Tuesday. I don't know. I think it was Tuesday. So not today. Today, this happened very quickly and very dynamically. It happened earlier than it usually does. So we'll go ahead and we will throw a vertical line, mark it open, and it happened in that first candle. So this is the first time I've played one that happened this quickly, personally, in a while.
You know, if the if the model presents itself, then take it. Right. And this morning I almost didn't take it, but I was just like, you know, you got to be consistent. So I took it. Hold on. I'll show you guys that I took it, too.
I'll even throw this little GJ loss that we ate last night. We'll go over that too, actually. I kind of forgot I wanted to go over that with you guys. Let me put this on my Discord so I can post on the screen so you guys know I'm not bullshitting. Dude, I'm drawing up some fucking heat on Bitcoin right now. Uh-oh. Uh-oh.
So this is the loss we took on GJ last night. We'll go over that in a little bit, but got it back today on SPA. You can see the times are, these are six hours.
Or not six hours. What's it called? I can't remember how many hours. It was 9.51 a.m. So it's... What is this? I think it's seven hours. That's what it was. So it's seven hours ahead. And took that... This is when it closed. I closed it at 9.51. But there's that. So you guys know I'm not just fucking with you. And yeah, I hate whenever people always do hindsight because everybody's got 20-20 hindsight. I think we can learn off hindsight. But it's important we execute again.
That's super important. So going back to the entry model, then we found our high. Maybe I'm getting a little ahead of myself. We found our high, this morning high. There's a 5.30 in the morning. We found that little morning range. You're just looking at where do we move impulsively. Look, there's an imbalance that's not filled all the way. Really, there's two imbalances. But then again, if we go to one hour, there's an imbalance, a small one that it went into.
look on the 30 minute there was pride imbalance i don't really use this time frame but there you go you see what i mean so again it's just identifying where orders might reside in this example i know i always i like using the 50 minute but in this example is pretty clear as the imbalance fill fill it all the way now i don't require that again i just require a push over the high with displacement we can see this is a rapid move up and a big body move up to where people are doing one of two things getting scared to sell
and stop that on their shorts or they're breakout traders and they're buying this breakout, especially at market open. Market open, the retail liquidity starts pouring in. This is when you see the true intentions. Again, like I said, you'll see in the first three, five minute candles, 90% of the time. So in this example, we were already in this at equity open, right? Or we were very close. Now that third drive happened right at equity open, right? I think it was.
or no, the second, I'm sorry, second draft happened right at equity open at 931, right? So then here was, you know, you could have, you know, maybe you took a trade here, even if it happened, you got stopped out, not the end of the world.
That's why I like using the three drives pattern here. Again, this is one of those things you get a feel for it. But really, the trigger is just a break with displacement and ideally a closure. With this example, you really got that right there. But that three drive was in play. We came out and took that high the last time and filled the imbalance. So really, also, this was more of a displaced move. We see those two huge bodied candles, broke structure. I just shorted like right here. It was just immediately.
It was somewhere in this candle, and I had to open a couple positions, so I got filled all through here, and I just held into this low, right? Now, this didn't take very long at all. Again, you guys saw it closed at 951, closed right. It didn't actually, I think my spread, I put it like a little higher because I tried to account for spread, so it hit on this candle right here. So I got exited out of position. Very quick, easy trade.
Sometimes it doesn't happen that quick. Sometimes you'll ride out through the day. But if you don't meet your liquidity target by lunch, I highly encourage you to take some profits there because if we're going to see a reversal, it's going to happen right after lunch. So in this example, we didn't see that. You actually got another trade opportunity after, looks like, right at 1 p.m. So we came out, took the highs, and look at this. One, two, three drives. It's that fucking simple.
So then bam, where did we get the break of structural displacement right after that third drive? Sorry, I messed that line up.
So you can bam right there. And then you could have, you know, like I said, you can enter on the fair value gaps. You can enter as soon as it occurs, whatever. See, in this situation, this is probably when I would have entered as soon as this occurred. Right now, again, do as you wish. You know, you can see it would have been, what is that? 37 or $3.7. It would have been 80 cents.
Which, you know, that can make a big difference to some people. But to me, it's cool. You know, where would you have targeted? You know, to be fair, in the PM session, you know, you could have even targeted a clean 2R really quickly. Or, you know, if your daily bias is down and this goes along with that, you know, you can just target the lows you made earlier. Now, again, extending your targets increases the likelihood that you will not hit them intraday, especially in the PM trades.
I'd say you could hit a quick 4.5 to 1, which is a great risk reward. Great trade, especially for a trade that took two hours. Very, very clean.
Right before market closed too. Or I'm sorry, no, that was right before 3 p.m. My math's fucked. But yeah, so that's kind of more of a review on that. Again, now we talked about this with NQ. So this one I will take credit for. We said that as soon as we took out these highs, moving this imbalance, we're at a key level. As soon as we start moving away from that, we're going to look for what? The daily imbalance fill.
The NASDAQ's at a pretty decisional point, in my opinion. On Monday, we want to see some form of bullish price action. Now, I shouldn't say on Monday. We just want to see it before we take out this low. If we take out this low, I think we're coming down under this imbalance and so forth. We'll just use it as stepping stones. But, you know, if we can...
hold within this candle. Maybe there's some four hour, it has a four hour imbalance. There's this four hour order block over here. I keep refining, you know, there's this one hour order block holds some value, my opinion, like 13076.
So that's where we want to see buyers step in. We want to see displacement break structure to the upside if we want to see any form of bullish narrative. Now, I'm not saying I wouldn't be surprised to see that. We could come up, take out this high, go deeper into that imbalance, deeper into the premium. But again, we just want to take it step by step. We don't want to just try to predict the future.
That's really going over most of the daily bias. The indices and Bitcoin, pretty on point. So I'm happy with that. Also, now I'm going to read some of these things. So a question, sure. Adelike, ask away. I got you. You said you were going to go over a trade you got stopped on. Oh, GV. Yeah, GJ.
I'll show you guys what the logic was. One TP did hit, so it wasn't a total loss, but still it was a loss. I always like to review them. The logic that I had was we had this one hour fair value gap. First off, let's go to the daily chart.
my logic here was price came down, took out these lows, right? And then showed intention to go higher, right? It didn't take out any form of liquidity pool except this high, which to me, that doesn't really hold much interest. And we have all of these equal highs here. Now we did take out, you know, trendline liquidity if you want to draw like that. But what I really want is that major high to be taken and that's pulling to this imbalance. So my daily bias was up. So going into the trade with my daily bias being up,
I was looking for long. And then once price came back, we saw this massive reaction off this demand candle down here, right? So price pulled up, a lot of displacement.
Now, if we're on the four-hour and we look at the impulse move, if you draw it like this, we are right around equilibrium. So I was looking at it in the form that we're in imbalance. I refined it to one hour that was right at equilibrium of the higher time frame impulse move. And I saw as price came into it, we pushed high to the upside and got that break of that short-term high over here.
And we did so leaving a fair value gap. So once price came into that fair value gap, we go down to the five minute.
We didn't necessarily get a breakup structure yet. So this is where I was looking at it. It was later at night. I liked the setup. And it looks like it wanted these lows right here, which I kind of thought about waiting, which I should have. Obviously, we would have got a much better profit at the first target, but didn't wait. So price came back down, took out those lows. People were tripping a little bit. And then we came up and took profits there. Very minor for me.
Still netted a minus .7R off the trade. First loss we've taken all week, so I'm not super bummed out about it. It is what it is. But reviewing it, looking at what I could have done better, probably not traded it at all just because of the time. Now, the only reason I took the time was because of the...
It's a yen pair and it was during Asian session. So usually I don't trade during Asian session and the markets, that gave me more of a reason not to do so. Now, I'm not blaming it on that at all, but I am just looking back at saying, okay, why or what could have prevented it? Number one, just not trading out of session because price will move a little differently. Now, we did hit a target.
i guess number two thing i i guess i should say this is should have waited maybe for this order block down here and then if i'd have done that it would have been a great trade just targeting right there and could have been something like that instead but i wanted to write it out to the daily bias um so
I looked at it like, okay, we've seen this massive expansion of the upside and was looking for price to go to the equal highs. But, you know, we hit one target profit or take profit above these equal highs. You can see that that area was valuable, but it also was powerful and propelled us down to a stop loss. So looking back.
main things that i could have done differently waited for this order block but i wasn't really trading a supply and demand entry but that's where the better entry was and two just not taking the trade because of asian session and personally i know some people that murder asian session i don't really have unless it's crypto if it's so definitely crypto during asia but um
I usually don't have the best efficiency during Azure session. So reflecting on it, that's how I'd look back on that. So also I see.
Would maybe do a replay of one of the daily opens if there's time. Yeah, sure. We can do that. Also, I want to answer Adeliki's question. What did I just click on? Okay, never mind. When you've gotten into your four-hour order block, do you wait for 15-minute confirmation or use your five? Great question. So 15-minute, then five-minute, and then one minute if you really want to get crazy with it. But 15 first.
Also, if the 15-minute high is quite far from the recent PA, for you to have a 15-minute confirmation, will I consider the five-minute? Absolutely fucking not. That is forcing a trade, 101. Don't do that. I see the logic. Oftentimes, in that scenario, what will happen? For instance, I know exactly what you're talking about too. Let's say here's your four-hour POI and price does this.
And then it's down here. And it's like, you're like, oh, I'm never going to get a 15-minute change of character. Well, guess what's probably going to happen? It's probably going to do this. And then it's going to go down. And then it's going to go down. And then you're going to get that three drive. And you're going to have that tight market structure you need to get the 15-minute change of character and so on. Don't force shit.
Because that five-minute change of character that's going to occur right here, guess what that's telling you? That's telling you that the 15-minute pullback has begun. You're not confirming that a 15-minute trend change has happened. So if the 15-minute pullback's begun, guess where it's going to go to? It's just going to go back up to that price delivery array in a premium of that 15-minute range. And it's telling you, yeah, the pullback's starting, but the institutional structure is still to come down and take out the low.
So until that structure has changed and the displacement is going in your favor on that 15 minute, you have no trade, in my opinion. Now, if you take a trade, you know, maybe you took a one minute or five minute trade up to this area. Yeah, sure. But don't try to take a trade, you know, back to, you know, the crazy high that that caused. You know, don't try to take something all the way up there from that four hour POI, you know, using this structural confirmation. You're kind of skipping a step.
So there's a reason you want to layer them. So that's a really good question, though, because I'm sure a lot of people have the same curiosity. But don't force trades. Let them come. If you ever cast yourself changing your strategy, if you will, your mind is one of the four fears of trading that we discussed in the private class. So somebody said...
Anonymous, I'm going to check FTM for you in a second. Somebody also said, so your TP1 on GJ, even though it broke structure upwards around there, was it just a liquidity grab? So you shouldn't take that as a signal of trend change. You should wait for a new low to form if it was a liquidity grab. Yeah, it was obviously a liquidity grab for sure. The reason I put a take profit there is because there's a liquidity pool there.
Of course, we don't know if it's going to reverse until we get that displacement breaker structure, which it got. Now, where is that going to go? You necessarily...
I'm trying to think how to say this. You could look at it like, yeah, if price hits a TP, oftentimes you're going to see that reversal. That's why we put our take profits there. If you were using this as a confirmation, you really wouldn't be using this. So to answer your question, if, for instance, like this over here, right? See how we got a closure above it? That would be one way to confirm, I guess, that this wasn't just a liquidity grab.
And also the reaction of the fair value gap or the demand that sponsored it. So yes to what you're asking, but this wasn't really the confirmation. But if it was, you wouldn't want to see this kind of reaction. And more so, it's really seeing the reaction once you get back down to whatever sponsored the break of structure. That's what's more important.
So that's pretty much it. We can go back. Somebody asked FTM. I'll do that. And then also we can replay a market open. Why does crypto always got to fucking do this on the weekends, dude?
You asked, there's an inside bar right at the drop. Give me a timeframe. Also equal lows, draw on liquidity is met. We're in this imbalance. Again, it's make or break it here for a lot of cryptos, right? We can refine this daily demand down probably to a four hour. Everything looks the same right now. It's almost like the markets are being manipulated, but this is what I'd look for. I mean, we're already in it.
This doesn't look bad. Nothing really for me just yet. It looks like it's soaking up that sell side. You see those wicks. It's reacting to this demand. Maybe get one more flush to take them all out and stop out the early traders. You want to see that displacement break a structure with a fair value gap. Again, guys, if you have to capitalize off this move, be ready for it to happen the weekend. I'm not saying it's not going to happen the weekend. Mayhem ensues on crypto weekends.
I can tell you that I'm personally probably not going to be monitoring it super, super heavily. I got my kid. I traded all week. There's always going to be another move. I don't care to miss it, but I'll try. I'll try my best. Bitcoin, I got those alerts set. That's really the one that I'll pay attention to. I'd love a pump. Okay, CHT, we talked about this last night. God, this is getting really perfect.
I'm actually going to set an alert above this high. So see how we talked about after we broke structure, the downside, we talked about waiting for this with displacement and volume that occurred. And now look at that. We've got a high front running our zone. That's inducing liquidity there in order for the institutional orders to be filled in the imbalance or mitigated in the supply candle.
This is going to be a good one if it gets back up in there. So this is another one. I got a large set. I'll do my best, but keep an eye. I'm giving you guys the setups, so I'll do my best to try to watch them. What we'll do is we'll replay the morning open. This one, we'll go to one minute so you can actually get a better view. And I'm going to hop off here. I'm going to grill some burgers and chill with my little one. So what time is this at?
929. Perfect. I got it right on. So this morning is a little weird. Now we can watch immediately price moves up rapidly above the high. Maybe I can put this down a little bit for you. So, you know, we see that three drive price comes up and then that's, you know, you're seeing this live. You saw how that looked. That's displacement. That's where, you know, you're like, okay, we broke down. And what, what this is showing is that.
smart money is selling to these induced buyers. If we're seeing lower lows and we're seeing that change or shift in market structure, we can say that that might be the beginning of a trend change. Now, we know that not every single change of character or shift in market structure is a trend change, but when we pair it with an imbalance, we pair it with our daily bias that price is going down, we pair it with the fact that we have rated buy-side liquidity,
Now you can use that and say, okay, smart money is selling to these buyers. Somebody said, hey, I mentioned a while back I was thinking of setting up my trading view alerts on Twitter. Yeah, I need to do it. Honestly, I forget. I don't want to spam my Twitter, so I'll probably make a different Twitter for it and webhook it.
Give me some time. I'll have it done, though. I promise I will, if you guys would like that. The only thing I do worry is people just getting an alert that something's in demand and they just fucking buy it. That's not how you do that. But at the end of the day, that's on you guys if you do something dumb like that. But yeah.
The goat frizz is talking. The coder. This dude's got... We can set up a Discord too. We can do it on Twitter and Discord. It's literally super easy. We go to the alerts. We just fucking hit the webhooks. Wait, I'm in a replay mode. I hope that was good enough for replaying the open. Again...
That's why we stream the opens. It's not always easy to do it. The replay tool kind of sucks. I wish they had one like Thinkorswim where the one-minute candle took one minute. That would be awesome. I think it's Thinkorswim that does that. But you can set those alerts. You just go here and webhook URL and then put it there. It is Thinkorswim. Thinkorswim, yeah. See, that shit's nice. That's beautiful. That would be amazing, especially for backtesting.
JL, did you want to show some of your TA before I get off here? Oh, do you want me to? Yeah, sure. I'll hop off. You got it. Oh, I just put it in unpix. Oh, shit. I didn't even see it.
but basically um i was showing um i picked that zone specifically because uh like i said in my previous uh in my previous uh post i was going over what our current market structure looks like simplified so we could have either have just broken structure to the upside or look grabbed so we have the potential to put in a higher low so that zone right there is where i think we're most likely to put in a higher low if anything you can actually see
The zone that you're talking about right now has a good buildup of relatively equal lows on the hourly. I like it. Now, this goes hand in hand with what I want, because that would push us higher into that imbalance. And even if we don't even get the push above the old high...
I could still see a push up for sure. Either way, I think that we're in a good zone. That zone that you marked, I think that... I mean, who knows? We could easily just come down and smash everything and go to fucking... 17.5, yeah. I agree with this. These zones are those decisional points. This is where everybody's scared as fuck to do anything. That's exactly where you want to get active. I like it.
I also like the relative equal lows you're talking about right here. I like that, and I like that. And there's that little fair value gap right between these candles. This is on a six hour. I was wondering, I was like, this looks a little different. Yeah, I like it. And see how this first, that initial zone right there got mitigated, so you would look for a push maybe even higher. Hey, what's liquidity? What the fuck? Oh, shit.
yeah this would be um this would be ideal and also this would just like be max pain for all the fuck like all the re that the people that have been bullish they're gonna switch bearish right here they're gonna get fucking annihilated and they're gonna switch bullish again up here yep that's exactly i have that liquidity up there if you look at a accumulation schematic that's why i have the selling climax and our possible automatic rally if this were accumulation because we had a 43 move to the upside from the selling climax
That would make sense, and this would take a while. And then also, you know what else would kind of go? It would just be choppy all through September until our market's ready to pick back up. Selling Climax, they get smacked out too, though, correct? Sometimes, not always. Correct. So you don't always break the Selling Climax, but there is the potential to do that and put in an STB. So this is why I like it, because look at the equal lows on the weekly we have.
So we could move this at 17,593, 17,555. Like, look at that shit. Like, we'll see a reaction. And I guarantee if we go to like a daily, there's going to be something down here maybe. Nothing really. I mean, theoretically, you've got a fair value gap. If you want to get technical with it. Oh, fuck, I didn't mean to draw.
I thought it was around transit. You got that little fair value gap there. I mean, who knows? Also that daily demand candle that caused the initial break above like 20K, I think. No, it wasn't. It was the first one, I guess, like right there. But I could see that liquidity rate into those and then kind of move around there. But that, I could see that. I almost want to leave my sell side liquidity over there.
I could definitely see it. We're going to get fucked. Straight down. Dude, you know what I'm saying? Oh, man. I could see this being a super long-term accumulation where it's like a...
i mean when it isn't the next i mean shit bro i was potentially looking at this whole daily range here as a preliminary support literally like just like the very beginning of it because look guess what like if you could play if this somehow could play out till like 2024 i know that sounds fucking nuts but if it could somehow like just exhaust the fucking everybody that would be the next halving like you know one thing i will say um
I, you know, it's almost positive. Now, we don't know where it's going to go and this and that, but like at the next Bitcoin.
happening you know like uh we all we all know what happens with crypto at the happenings also slim kim put this up there you go this is eef this is this this is i guess this is like recently i'm not sure i don't know what date it is it says 8 30 i don't know also i don't know what time's on your end but um
yeah this is exactly this is a fucking perfect and then you can see that this is the same thing we just went over the indices three drive those three drives into our fair value gap also there's a supply candle right here shout out the splinter cell charts real ones will know but um yeah it's it's it's not like the craziest most complicated thing but here's what what people fuck up with this is they will fucking short it one two
three times and get stopped out twice and then the third time just making up for their losses. But yeah, I guess that's really everything I wanted to go over. If you guys are trading the weekend, we could have that extreme. I mean, we all know what happens on weekends with crypto. It gets fucking rowdy. The demons come outside. But overall, I had that alert set.
We could look for buys in that area with five-minute confirmation. Again, I'd probably personally be out around here fully. I'd take profits along the way. Not to say that's where I think we're going to for sure reverse. I just see it as if we're going to reverse, it's going to probably happen within there. As always, I appreciate the fuck out of you guys. If you have any questions at all, you always know how to get to me.
If you're in the server, we're going to have a private class tomorrow. I haven't decided on the topic yet, but I'll let you guys decide. I'll post it up later tonight, and then we'll take a vote on what it will be, and we'll go over it tomorrow. That'll be at 1 Eastern. That's for the Playbit members only. And if you guys, again, have any questions...
Hit me up. If not, enjoy the fuck out of your weekend and I will see you guys on Monday. Until then, don't get liquidated. Stay safe. I'll see you later.
