Look at that. What's up? What are you doing?
Here in a second, I want to show you something pretty cool. Wedding site? No, we think we're going to do it in Italy, but that's not the surprise. That's not the surprise. It's still pretty cool, though. Oh my gosh, are you up on a billboard? Look at this. I don't know. I did it, honestly, because I remember a long time ago, you told me that I was going to be on a billboard one day, so I wanted to make it real. Isn't that cool, Mom?
Well, I'm glad that, I think this is a good change of events from the last time that I was on a publicized screen other than YouTube. Yeah. Well, I wanted to call and show you that because I remember when I was little I used to say that so I thought it was pretty cool.
Well, Mom, I love you. I appreciate you. Wouldn't be here without you. Like, I always tell everybody in my audience, I'm like the whole, you know, believe in yourself and you can do anything. I got that from you. So, I love you very much. I will. All right. I will. I'll see you later. I love you. Bye-bye.
Pretty cool moment. She always did tell me when I was a little kid. Back then it was like sports and stuff. You know, never would have thought it would have been for this. But she always used to say like, one day you're going to be a star. You're so smart. And I attribute a lot of my success to that because, you know, even since a young age, like I always had in my head like, you really can do anything that you want so long as you believe you can. Like if you truly already know within you.
You're capable of something you can do. 100%. It's just time is the only thing in between. It happens in the mind first and then it happens in the world. And the only thing that has to unfold is time. But pretty surreal moment, guys. Pretty cool stuff. Bon appetit.
This is gonna go crazy. It's really good.
All right, so where are we headed to now? We are headed to Brioni's, which is a tailor here in New York City. He's actually Donald Trump's tailor, and he was a tailor for pretty much all the James Bonds, the Saudis, a bunch of super high-level people. So we're gonna go there, get fitted for some suits, probably grab a couple, and then probably find somewhere to get there.
You guys can make shirts for me as well. I said, yes. I think I have a picture I'll show you. So, you know, he's very tall. So he hadn't measured the neck. So he went in front of him and put a tape to measure him. And, you know, he's tall. So I said, by the way, Mr. President, I forgot to mention to you. He's Sicilian. So he was very, very nice about it. So he comes up and steps back. He told the Secret Service, did you check this guy out?
okay uh i need a favor uh can you uh squeezing four of my uh very dear friend there tonight just put on the my name this i don't have to watch your name in the account just mention them ali and you will see them down please take care of them okay i appreciate it thanks so much i appreciate it
All right, so shout out Brioni. That was definitely the best tailor I've ever been to. And I can see why, like, the whole experience. It's just crazy how, like, before even they know that I was going to buy something, they just treated you like gold, right? And I think that says something, too, because a lot of times you go to places that are a little bit more, like, they act like they're really high, high tier and sooty, and then you kind of, like, treat people like shit until you start paying, but then you go to a place that's, like, actually about it, and they treat you like absolute gold the entire time. Didn't change at all. I mean, obviously, you know, when you buy.
a couple of suits at a time they're gonna be a little bit more he was like we'll come out to you next time we'll fly out to you yeah thanks to him he also got us in at le glue which is apparently like the best steakhouse it's very hard to get a reservation well not if you know ali shout out to ali so uh we're probably gonna go back uh maybe chill out and smoke a cigar she said freshen up i said smoke a cigar yeah so you got three suits how much was that
It was a little bit. It wasn't anything crazy. I saw, I looked at, the one jacket I looked at was $19,000. No, no, they weren't that crazy. It wasn't, hold on, I can't even, I don't even remember what it was.
There you go. 17. That's not bad at all for those suits. Yeah, they're really nice. 17 and a dinner reservation, you know. Yeah, he made up for it with the dinner reservation.
How was the recommended steakhouse? It was fire. It renewed my love for french food because the last time I got french food it wasn't good but this was super good and now we are about to go back and chill. Well you guys are like party animals so you guys are gonna go out and party. Yeah, no. We're taking the sprinter. They're gonna go crazy.
No, I'm just kidding. Was this the security deposit? No, we're going to head back to the room. We're going to meet up with Craig, go over up to his penthouse, chat about trading. For those of you who don't know Craig, he's an awesome dude. He's a huge crypto trader. We're going to go over there and chill with him tomorrow. And yeah, it's been a great day. So see you guys in the morning.
Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.
All right, so we just got the itinerary from the boys at WAP. We're going to be heading over there and touring the HQ and then we're going to grab some dinner. Super excited. I don't know if you're watching this. I love you. Dude, I've been with WAP since they were brand new and now they've just taken over, which is crazy. So it's going to be cool to finally meet up at IRL. I always love meeting people from online business because it's like...
You can literally do everything without ever meeting anyone. So everybody's kind of just like in their own zone. But whenever you get to actually go out and do some fun stuff in real life, it's like, I don't know, it just makes, I feel like after I've met people that I do business with online, afterwards the relationship's always so much better. Even if it's just like a day or something, it's just, it humanizes it. Because I don't think we're meant as humans to just spend so much of our time working alongside somebody and never meet them, you know?
So, like, all the people that work at my companies, like, eventually, if they work there long enough, I'll fly them out and meet up with them in person. And they all say, like, oh, this is the first time anybody's ever done that, which is, like, crazy to me. I just don't understand how you could build something with somebody and really not even know them. You know, know them through, like, Slack or text or something. It's not the same. Not real.
Stocked up on some shoes. I gotta go shopping again tomorrow, though. That's like the one thing that I didn't want to miss in New York is go shopping, because I have the best stuff. And I decided to go back to the hotel, get ready, and have a cigar, and then hit dinner. Yeah, let's look at it.
You know, I like New York a lot, honestly. I like the whole suited-up mafia vibe. Like, honestly, I've always pictured myself not really being a big New York guy, but I like it a lot.
I'm shooting near the
Is that where you're from? Yeah. Tennessee. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You were born and raised? I was born in South Carolina, but I was raised in Tennessee. I lived there when I was a baby. Do you have plants to move at all, or are you just trying to ride it up? Yeah, no, I've lived in L.A. for a while, and I lived in Northern California. And then, I mean, you know my whole past. I know some of it. Yeah, when all that shit happened, I got wound back to Tennessee. And then, you know, honestly...
Like I've just been in grind mode so long. Like I was telling her, eventually I definitely want to be somewhere else. Like we could easily like just up and go anytime. I just haven't yet. I don't know. Like I want to get someone that's more motivating for sure. Cause it's like, there's some balance, like to have somewhere you can just lock in and, you know, like stay focused. But it's gotten to the point now it's like, I really can't even enjoy what I've built. Looking out the window. I see how the whole light.
economy works like through the mind and it's so easy to think bigger when you're looking at that it sounds like stupid but it's actually true like it expands your mind living in better places it's just like you like conquer shit bro like that's like you just like when you text it yeah you look out the window and there's just like hundreds of thousands of people all of them have different stories all of our different missions like how could you possibly not be motivated by that what when did you first get into trading what was your first i feel like you're
So investing, we'll call it, so trading and investing, I always say it's different. Like my first exposure to markets was crypto back in 2016. But it was, yeah, yeah. It was literally because like in the line of work I used to do, there were other people that had Bitcoin for varying reasons, right? And I ended up hearing about it, you know, through that kind of stuff. And then I ended up getting into it. But I was a complete idiot. Like I was just buying it blindly. I mean, you know, you ever heard of local Bitcoin? Local Bitcoin.
Yeah, so it's before, like...
I mean, Coinbase and stuff was like a thing. On local Bitcoin, you could essentially go and buy Bitcoin cash from... So 2016 was your first, basically, exposure into that. Yeah, yeah. For whatever, for reasons we're not going to chat about. Okay, so for day trading, though, when did you hop into day trading and start to be like, I want to fucking conquer this mission? It was like 27, after the big crash, like the big crypto crash. So I bought Bitcoin, bought XRP and Ethereum, made a ton of money just holding, like, didn't do any, like, active trading. And then after I made all this money...
I actually got out decently, you know, for a first time. You did. But then. You didn't hold through it and just take L's. No, no, no. Well, I did take L's. But in a worse way. So I made money on the first go around. And then throughout the whole like bear market, I kept trying to like buy all things. It was like an ITO boom. It's actually smart. I didn't do it smartly. I lost like all the money I made. Like literally everything I was like. Because it's before even leverage trading.
but i would just i was like terrible at risk management and it was like if you would have inversed what i had done i would have made a lot of money yeah but i lost all right bro so we went over a ton of cool stuff but the helicopter is about to land and we got to get to dinner off time so we're gonna wrap this up go hop in the helicopter ride over to dinner and then after that get some cigars oh yeah let's do it
I'm in a New York state of mind.
Like in NASDAQ, it would almost not make sense to have the stops that tight. Yeah. Because you can't really size around it. Yeah. Like it's like, you know, I mean, you can if they're actually a big difference. Yeah. A lot of times I'll just keep the stops like at the lowest low. But on crypto, you can be like so granular with that. Literally, I had my finger on the trigger for this entry, which you could see it just beautifully tapped into. And that would have been a 13 to 1. So like, dude, honestly, like break even 13 to 1. Like that's all you need.
risking a thousand thirteen grand you go to the gym and you're done absolutely insane bro yeah that's day trading do you feel like when when you're on 10 with business you're you're like more motivated to be fit absolutely they're coming we have that for you yeah i mean for me it's like i i have this thing where i've like convinced myself that because a lot of it i think is what you have conviction in like some people can be like because there's this like stigma it's like oh you have to be perfectly dialed in to be successful it's like
I know people that go crazy partying and sleep in there and they're making crazy money. It's not true. But if you believe that's true, it's true. It's like whatever you believe. If you think that you need to be dialed in to be productive, you're going to have these thoughts in your head throughout the day like, oh, I didn't have my morning routine, so now I'm not going to have good work. You had to brainwash yourself into it. I feel like I don't hire fat people.
because here's the thing here's the thing if you don't have the discipline like do you want to be fat probably not right what you're telling me is that you want something but you can't control yourself enough to achieve it right and so that mindset in and of itself unless you have some crazy niche like medical condition yeah like to me you're not a high enough caliber person to get what you want and i'm not gonna hire you it sounds like a dick move but like i'm not saying you have to be like
full abs, but like respect your fucking body. I'll trust you in work ethic, but otherwise I'm not trusting you. Sustainability is everything with like, I think it's business, everything you have to have systems that you just follow. Right. Like, so for me, I'm not the most fit person ever, but like I do 30 minutes in the gym basically every other day. But when I go, I lock in, I'm getting it done. If I have more time, I'll go extra, but like I've been able to.
basically stay fitter than like most people i know just by doing 30 minutes every other day consistent that's like that's like almost everybody has that but everyone i talk to that's like always flip-flopping who's like in and out of being fit or not they're always like i gotta do like an hour and a half in the gym every day and then what happens is you you don't go one day you feel like shit and then you're like i threw it to hell anyways like let's give up on the whole thing exactly if you just set realistic standards you can actually achieve more than people who try to go too hard i think the same is true in life
I was saying, that's what I did. Literally, I told you to report the sprint. This was like one of my biggest points in about training is people set like these crazy expectations. And then when they don't meet them, they basically train themselves to lose. Like if you say, oh, I'm going to, you know, do this in this amount of time or, oh, I'm going to, you know, have this crazy outcome. And then obviously you're not because it's just not realistic. And then now you're like, oh, I'm a loser.
And now you have the identity of a loser and you're going to do other things and you kind of just throw it to the wind. You know, it's a hundred percent true, man. You got to set like realistic systems and then consistent. It's a better day. It's like, what's better? Six months of steady, consistent action or three months of burnout after like three months of a really hard action where now you're in the back to square one and you now have this like bad mindset about it because you've, you know, higher lows on everything. Yeah.
my god at the top praise our way
If you guys don't like good bagels, we can do utopia. Otherwise we can walk to the other thing. We'll do it. Good, bro. That's good. Now I got a new ab circuit. That was a good one. Easy little finisher. And I got to start doing the monkey bars. Yeah, that's fine. The first one was a little scrapped, but we're going to, you're only going to see the second time for fun. Yeah, dude. Monkey bars are like functional strength. Yeah. I've been getting into more of that where it's like, dude, you can be like, yo. Or you could be like able to climb up like.
fences and shit when you need to i was explaining this to anna i was like i've shifted my workout to be more like functional patterns she's like like what do you mean by that i was like like if i wanted to go climb a tree and to carry something up there yeah when like if you're like in like a life or death situation you know like it one of the actual strength and because like all these dudes that are like i used to be in a bodybuilding and shit when i was in high school and i was like i'm stronger now in like a real world setting than i was that kettle like i was saying kettlebells are really good for that like all the core work with kettlebells single arm stuff too like
Even, that sounds ridiculous, but doing like the swings, I think it's a clean, I don't even know the name. You clean it up to a press and just do like one arm press and do that and just do circuits of that. Because it's like just the balance from having to get the obliques so much. And then doing those super subtle with like windmills. Super, super good. It might be winter arc time, bro. Everyone in the trading space. Yeah.
Let's get whoops, get on the same team, and let's see who can be fucked. Imagine having 1,000 people in one or something. Because you can have big groups. We had one that was just the inner homies, and then we had one that anyone could join. But whenever we did it, anyone could join. That was on the way out. We were already on the way out. We were like, fuck it, bro. Speaking of being fit, order your bagels. I would have sorted that today if I would have been trading. So you have your nine.
You're at 830. Is that substantial enough of a fair value gap for you to like it for an inverse? Yeah. Ikea pretty mechanical. But to be fair, there is a little discretion if it's that small for me. I also want to see it invert it forcefully. Right. Where are you setting up? What would you position around that idea? Final TP would be around this area. Let's see if I got cooked or would have gotten cooked.
Let's see. Okay, there we go. And I would let this thing run. Once we hit a level like this, I'd start trimming it, though, as soon as we hit here. Oh, yeah. No, not trimming it, but moving my stops up. Oh, yeah. Are you out here? Yeah, I would have probably been out there. I would have been out there. As soon as I got that. But maybe even... No, yeah, I would have been out right there. Because right when we got here, and we hit those levels, I would have started to try out my stops up. Because I'm like, okay.
I've got a good risk reward if I'm wrong. But then also too, like that trailing stop method on NASDAQ sometimes, you'll get just like the craziest flushes and it just won't stop. And you can just keep trailing and I won't take profit. And that's how, like for example, that trade where I made 42K, that was how I got it just because I kept trailing the stop. And it was just like exploding. And I was like, fuck yes. And like it did that so much that by the end of the session, I literally just put my, I did it started during the 15 minute. And I woke up the next morning and it was just like.
Oh, stupid, bro. Crazy. So what I've found is I have to be able to put a stop on it. Like if I'm, I can't, you can easily run yourself on the ground with trading where you just make one mistake for the day and you fuck yourself. Oh yeah. I have mechanisms. I tell everybody like the private team to like just three for the strategy and be done. Do you have like a habit? So one thing I found that really helped me was like, cause like it's like atomic habits, right? Like if you have a bad habit, it's actually easier instead of overcoming it to replace it.
so i i started walking like it like from us that was what did it for me like if i hit my loss limit i would literally immediately shut my laptop and go on a walk and i would tell myself it's like if you can't do that then who are you to say like trading's hard yeah like at that point you're just a fucking delusional so that helped me so much because like you know people always joke with people they'll be like i was just watching i'm just watching like
okay okay bro let me let me let's talk in like two hours like what did you do it's like a gambler being at the poker table like dude i'm just i'm just trying to watch yeah just give me a couple of shots i just want to like imagine i'm playing you know it's best to walk away in some of the biggest trades i've taken i've literally set the position up and walked away and then you come back and you're like oh my god but like if you're watching it
You're going to get every reason to get out. I'm going to lock it in. I'm going to lock it in. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, I'll always walk back and be like, oh, my God. It's like 13K. And you're like, holy shit. Yeah, that was that NASDAQ one. Like, I would have had it for sure if I would have watched. Because it was just rallying. I would have been like, oh, but when I slept on it. That's the funniest thing, too. Like, when you sleep on trades, it's like the second you have any sentient being. And you're, you know, being awake. You know, it's just like, you're like.
Yeah. Like that meme where the guy's squinting, you know? NYC bagel review. Let's see it. It's in a French toast bagel. You got French toast? Yeah. With bacon and cheese? Dude, I mean, we'll see. I've been running it up, man. Mmm.
So we are about to head over to the WAP headquarters. For those of you who don't know, WAP is pretty much like the biggest digital product, I guess, hosting business in the industry.
And I'm super excited for this because I've been working with these guys for years. They've always taken extremely good care of me. I've actually modeled a lot of my customer support in my businesses based on the way they do things because they just take you to the next level. Like, for example, up here in New York, they've helped me out with a ton of stuff. They're almost like a concierge. I mean, they've even sent me stuff to my house, like edible arrangements, just random cool little things to show that, you know, they're thinking of you and little stuff like that goes a long ways.
I think that if you can be the person that remembers little things about people and always make sure to cater to those things and just show people that, you know, it's more than just business. It's, you know, you're trying to build relationships. I think that stuff's huge. So anyway, super excited to actually meet up with these guys in person. We're going to go over to the headquarters, do a quick little tour and take a look at some stuff they've got going on under the hood. And then we're going to go out for a dinner at the steakhouse that I've been super excited to try. So we're about to pull up there right now and we will see where the night takes us.
I'm holding all the cards and niggas wanna play chess now. I hear you talking, say it twice so I know you meant it. Fuck it, I don't even tint it, they should know who's in it.
All right, guys. So that wraps it up. Pretty cool weekend here in New York. We met up with the WAP team, met up with Craig, and the meeting with the firm went extremely well. So I'm super excited for the news that is going to be coming out on that. And I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Let me know in the comments if you want me to make more stuff like this, kind of pulling back the curtains on my life.
because it's fun uh it's cool to kind of share with you guys what's possible because i remember a couple years ago i was in the same exact position that pretty much all of you are right now that are watching this and i just want you all to know that anything that you can conceive in your mind anything you could dream of is 100 possible as long as you fully believe in it and you go all in so make sure to subscribe to the channel and i'll see you guys in the next video
