Most people overcomplicate the volume profile, so instead I took what actually matters and simplified it into one video. I've been trading for 10 years and in that time I've tested hundreds of different strategies and nothing even comes close to the volume profile.
I recently used it to take a $9,000 account to over $170,000 in profit, and we're going to log into my broker together so you can see proof of this. Today, you'll learn everything from the basics all the way to full step-by-step strategies so that by the end of the video, you're reading the market like a professional instead of the average retail trader. Let's hop right into it. All right, so as you can see, we are here on tradeofate.com.
and we're going to go ahead and log into my broker together so you guys can see that i am legit and any trading influencer or coach or whatever you want to call it they should be able to do this if they're going to be teaching you so i always like to have transparency and show you guys my actual results so as you can see right here live trading on trade debate.com click this then we're going to go over to the
reports and we'll go from when i started this challenge back on november 5th to today as you can see we have 173 000 in profit the total amount in the account is 177 000 so yeah again i mean i don't know what much more i can give in terms of transparency
and we had a couple downturns in this as well i want to be clear there were some losing streaks that's part of trading nothing that i show you here is guaranteed of your results these are my results trading is extremely risky and i just want to make that disclaimer and make sure that you guys know that my results are very asymmetrical and not typical so now that we've got that out of the way let's go ahead and get right into the course so we're going to break down the volume profile into
five main pillars we're going to talk about the basics we're going to talk about how to anchor it and the settings you should use the different use cases of the volume profile how to put it all together and a daily routine to make sure you have a process you can follow out in the market first with the basics we're going to start with going over the difference between retail versus institutional tools now before we get started i want you to download the free study guide using the link in the description inside is going to have a
full step-by-step fillable pdf to make sure you get the most out of this free course so take this serious as if you paid for it because it has quite literally everything you need to win trading the volume profile all right guys so let's take a look at the difference between retail versus institutional tools now what you're looking at is the same exact chart but two completely different trades so let's take a look at the retail perspective which is just candlesticks
Now, if you're looking at this, you've probably noticed a couple things like market structure, maybe even these fair value gaps. And you can see that sometimes this stuff works. However, what happens when it doesn't? What happens whenever the market has this new higher high, right? The market's been making higher highs. We keep making higher highs, but the market's not really giving any good setups. And it seems like every time the market moves up, we end up selling off and selling off, even though the market was giving good setups, right? Like if you're watching.
and you didn't see any of this over here this would have been a long but we see that it sold off now these are the kind of situations where a lot of traders blow up because they'll make money throughout the easy times right whenever the market's moving in their direction and these retail concepts are working but then whenever the market's chopping around they end up losing all the money they made and then going on tilt and losing much more than they made however whenever you're trading with the right tools you can see
through the market as if you had x-ray vision. And this is why all institutional traders are trading using the volume profile because it's based on data and there's a reason why it actually works, not just following some random fair value gap and saying that smart money was trading in every single one of them. In fact, you'll see in this video how you can spot real fair value gaps and how you can avoid the fake ones. And not only that, how you can understand when the market is likely to give good trades rather than just
watching some kind of retail concept and as you can see here in this setup we were hitting into volume profile levels and it provided many different opportunities that you could have known to go short all throughout this move and we're going to break down this example later along with a ton of others but i just want to show you guys the difference between retail and institutional tools one of them you're trading on real data
The other, you're just kind of trading on patterns. And this is not how professionals trade. I recently read a book that is probably the best book I've ever read on trading. And one of my favorite quotes from it was that if you can't explain your edge, you don't have one. I want you to let that sink in for a second and ask yourself, can you explain your edge in less than 60 seconds? Meaning, can you explain why the strategy you're using works? And just saying that you buy at support or sell at resistance doesn't cut it.
Why does the strategy you use work? If you don't understand this, then you will never be profitable because you won't have any conviction in what you're doing. And here is the author of that book. His name is Augustin LeBron. And who is he?
Well, he is a quant at Jane Street. And if you don't know already, Jane Street is one of the most profitable hedge funds of all time. As you can see right here, they had a profit margin of 70%, which is significantly higher than most trading firms. And they did over $24 billion in total trading revenue. And inside his book that I just showed you guys before, they break down exactly how they find their edges.
And most of you guys are probably sitting here thinking, oh, well, they just backtest strategies and use data, but that's actually not how they do it. So how do institutions like Jane Street actually find an edge? Well, they don't start by backtesting. They start by building a story. Why does this edge work? What is the logic behind the strategy that they're trying to build? If they can't figure this out, they don't move forward at all. After they have a good reason of why the edge would work, they then go to identify the marginal trader, aka
who is losing. Because if you haven't realized this already, in order for one side of the market to be winning and there to be a consistent edge, another side has to be losing. And only after they have these two steps do they ask themselves, can we prove this with data? And then they go into backtesting. Now, most people think that in the professional trading desks, they start with data. They just try to find patterns.
But that's not at all how they do that. And there's a good reason for that. And by the end of this video, you're going to be able to do this full three-step process and trade like a real professional rather than just trying to trade based on patterns. And you'll be able to have conviction in your setups and understand why you're doing what you're doing. Because without that, you'll end up trying to find an edge like most retail traders. You start with some magic new strategy, you hop to the charts, and then you start to execute blindly. And since this, you have no real conviction in what you're doing. So you might even...
get some beginner's luck right you have this big run up and then you have this big crash and most traders never recover from this and this is where they have this emotional collapse and then what do they do they head straight to youtube and hop to the next strategy and they repeat this cycle again and again until finally they give up on trading now if this sounds like you i want you to understand that you
aren't the problem okay it's just that you're trying to apply the wrong process to your trading and you're trading like a retail trader and not a professional when it comes down to it there are two paths that you can take as a trader one we just explained the retail way of trying to find an edge and this leads nowhere the other is what you're going to learn in this video and in order to do that you're going to have to learn the four core concepts of the volume profile we're going to go over volume at price value
nodes, and the point of control. Now, there are a ton of different things that you've probably seen about the volume profile, but we're going to simplify this down so you have a step-by-step process. Let's hop right into it. Now, the first concept you're going to have to understand is volume at price, or VAP for short. And this is the most important shift in perspective you're going to have to have to trade the volume profile successfully. And that is that you're looking at the same exact data, just on a new axis.
what do i mean by that well if we zoom in here we can see that we have regular volume down here which you've probably seen and then we have a volume profile up here now what is the difference between a volume profile and regular volume well regular volume is just going to show you how much volume was traded in any specific candle okay it's not going to show you what price levels that volume was traded at now if we look at the volume profile
it's going to be put on the side of your chart so this way you can actually see where the most volume was traded based on price and this is going to give you an inside look at where the largest players in the market are actually positioned that way you know where they're likely going to push the market and where they're going to defend so volume at price just means that it's showing you the amount of volume was traded at different price levels rather than just showing you the amount of volume that was traded in a candle
This has some use, but it's nowhere near as powerful as the volume profile. The second concept we're going to go over is value. So let's say your profile looks something like this. Most likely, in an example like this, you had some bullish structure, you had some bearish structure, and the market probably moved outside of this area a couple times. However, most of the volume was traded within a certain area. And this area is called the value.
area what this is is where 70 percent of volume was traded in that profile so this is where the market deemed this was a fair valuation so there was a lot of buying and a lot of selling in this range now when it comes to value you want to focus on three levels now the value area high which is v a h for short is the high
of where the market saw fair value now you can think of this like premium pricing and when the market reaches this value area high the way you react to it can tell you who is in control of the market the next level we're going to talk about is the value area low or val for short and just like this is premium we can look at this like discount and when the market hits into this level you can see the market's intention because
if the market is saying that hey this is where 70 of volume was traded this would mean that 70 of traders agreed that this range in price is a fair value and when market goes to the high or to the low the market's going to show you its hand it's going to show you if buyers are stepping in at new higher prices and accepting that the market is moving higher you want to think of it like an auction so let's say if you have an auctioneer that is
saying you know we've got to go in for 100 110 120 when does he stop well he stops when there is not anyone raising their hand so let's just say buyers are in control of the market and we're hitting into this value area high this is kind of the area where the market will test to see if it's ready to move to a new leg in price so let me give you an example let's say the market makes a big move up and it's consolidating back and forth you're not going to be paying attention too much to the structure in here what you want to pay attention to
is the value of this move so let's just say that the value area or where 70 of the volume was traded was right here and we can say that this is where the market is agreeing is a fair price now if the market moves to a higher area meaning the value area high this is where the market is going to kind of show you its hand because the market moves here and then we start to see bullish patterns from there and a lot of
forceful moves to the upside, you could say that the market is accepting a new higher price. And this is literally how the new leg and structure will form. Because if we're moving above the value area high, then you can safely say that the market is agreeing that the valuation should be higher, meaning price is likely to go higher. Because volume is what moves markets. If anything, price action is more of an indicator than volume. Now a lot of people say that volume profile is an indicator. I disagree for this reason.
and if you notice that the market is hitting into this value area low and buyers are stepping in and buying it every time that happens you could say that every time the market becomes cheap there are buyers willing to buy and every time that the market moves to the high
if we're accepting above it meaning we're staying outside of it you could say that the market is accepting that new value now we're going to go over a lot more examples on an actual chart to break this down but for now i just want you to understand the concept of value now there is a third level and this is where the most volume was traded in a given profile
This is going to be called the point of control and 90% of people get this wrong. I know that whenever I first started trading volume profile, I just thought, oh, cool. Well, this is the point of control. It's the best level, but that's not really how I like to use it. In fact, a lot of times you're going to chop here because if we know that 70% of traders were trading here, this is likely where we're going to chop around because there's a lot of traders who are positioned in this value area. And this is where we're likely to get these consolidations in price.
And another thing I want you to remember throughout this video is that you don't want to trade where most traders are trading, right? You need to be an anomaly. And we'll get more into that in just a minute. Let's take a look at two chart examples. So right here we have acceptance. Now acceptance is a very important concept that you're going to need to remember while using the volume profile. Now we're going to go over acceptance and rejection. But first, when we talk about acceptance.
I want you to look at this profile. As we can see, we had a big move up. Now, one thing I want you to notice, did we really have a lot of volume in this move up? Not really. A lot of times people will think that when the market's moving very quick, that it's because a lot of people are buying. But in reality, it just means that there's an imbalance between buyers and sellers. And when there is an imbalance between buyers and sellers, the market is going to rush to where the market finds fair value. So you saw the market rush up and then right here,
some sellers stepped in and we formed our value area so the market moved up and found a new valuation where the market achieved fair value now after we hit into this new area of price we want to see how the market participants are reacting so whenever you can look and see that we get a rejection of the value area low and buyers are stepping in at this level and then we hit into the value area high and right here we come above it
and then we come down, retest it, and we move to the upside, that is literally the market telling you that we're accepting new value higher.
Because the longer you spend past a value area level, the more likely that the market is saying, hey, we're ready to move higher because there's no sellers stepping in here at a premium. And if that's the case, then the market's likely going to have an imbalance of buyers because it took buyers to push up into this area. And if no sellers are stepping in, the market's likely to make a move to the upside. Now let's take a look at another example. Right here, you can see that we've formed a value area and the market was heavily reacting to the
value area high now this is a very tight range but there were numerous different opportunities you could get active in this and then trade down lower just based on understanding the way that the market is responding to what is deemed as a premium so in a bearish market what you're going to see is sellers in control and if sellers are in control where do they want to sell for
they wanna sell for a premium. We're also gonna go over the relationship between different profiles together later in the use cases part of this video. But for right now, I wanna give you a sneak peek that right here, if we can see that on this day, sellers were in control. Now, how do we know that? Well, they were selling off from premium and the market moved to the downside. So on the next day, we wanna see, do these same sellers want to defend their positions? And as we can see,
When the market came up to this value area high of a bearish day, what happened? Well, the market came into this area and then what? We pretty much immediately sold back off. And as soon as you can see that we're closing back under that old value area high, you could say that the market tried to come up where sellers stepped in yesterday and we saw them defend those positions. So that can give us a edge.
understanding that we're going to take sales that day and look at this same example this is an exact trade that i just took the other day this was literally last week and i was able to make a little over ten thousand dollars in this trade now right here you'll see 13 000 but as you can see right here i ended up netting 11 000. now we're going to go over and break down this full trade too in the strategy section but i just want to show you how powerful these concepts are but why does this work because if you remember step one
of validating an edge like a professional is understanding the why so first you need to understand that this shape is a law of nature and it did not originate in trading now you've probably heard of the bell curve theory and what it means is that the vast majority of the population will fall within a certain range
of statistics so with iq 68 of people which is where the 70 of the volume profile comes from but 68 of people will have an iq of between 85 and 115 and then we have some anomalies that are really stupid and some anomalies that are really smart but the data shows that definitively most people fall right in the middle okay so it's kind of interesting that it appears in markets and it also appears in iq but what about the distribution of male height well
This also falls within the bell curve theory. The same thing with shoe sizes. Even the distribution of the average NFL player retirement age falls into a bell curve. So like I said, this is just one of those freak laws of nature that is present through all different kinds of data sets when it comes to populations. I want you to remember that quote from the book. If you can't explain your edge, you don't have one. And this came from a professional trader. So I want to ask.
can you explain it yet so let's walk through this three-step process that professional traders use
First, the story. Why does this edge work? Well, we know exactly where the market has done business. And that tells us where it's likely to go next, because we're basing this off of data. We're basing this off of the auction market theory, which is what I went over with you guys earlier with value. Therefore, we're able to identify the marginal trader, aka who is losing. And that is the trader who doesn't know where true value is. And they're using tools like market structure or fair value gaps alone, which causes them to buy in premium.
and to sell in discount. Because they're probably taught, like I was and like you have probably been, that market structure is just as simple as higher highs and higher lows. But we all know that's not the case.
And many times there are a lot of consolidations and the market has to make its mind up. Sometimes it ends up reversing. Sometimes it ends up continuing. And understanding that value area is going to help you with this among a ton of other stuff that I'm very excited to share with you guys. If you can't tell already, all of this is going to be able to change your trading in the most profound way because it's going to give you real conviction in what you're doing because there is an actual reason why you're doing it. And then the last step, which is validation.
does the data confirm it and as i showed you guys earlier with the live login it definitely does work now i want to be clear that this works for me and these are my personal results and they're not typical okay i want to put focus on this disclaimer now as you can see this was just the other day and i've literally made more money trading this earlier today which is why you see that
This is a different amount because it was on the 14th and today is the 16th, which I showed you in the live login. But anyways, you can take a look at the winning trades. Now the winning trades here are 50% of the time. I'm not here to sell you on some dream that you're going to get a hundred percent win rate. It's just not the case. But as you can see, this strategy does have an edge.
and the reason that i'm able to do these things is not just based on the strategy it's based on me having conviction and logic behind why i'm doing what i'm doing so that way whenever i have these losing streaks like you see here i had a couple of them but what happened did i switch up my strategy no
I stuck to the plan and that's why my equity curve looks like this. But I was only able to do that because I had conviction in what I am doing. Now, if there's one takeaway that you have so far, I want it to be that in order to win, you must be an anomaly. You must trade in ways and at price levels where the majority of traders aren't trading, okay? So if you have the value area, then you need to be trading on the edges of the value area.
And we're going to break this down over a lot of examples, but I want you to remember that if you want to win in this business, you have to trade not like most people are doing. Next, let's go over the anchoring and the settings of the volume profile. And we're going to break this into three main points, which are three different ways you can draw the volume profile. One is going to give you context. The next is sessions. And then we're going to talk about drawing it over.
specific structure in the market. And this is where 90% of traders get this wrong because if you're drawing the volume profile wrong, then everything else you're doing doesn't matter and it's not gonna work. So what I wanna do is go ahead and hop onto ATAS. Now you're noticing that I'm not on TradingView. Now the reason for that is because TradingView, it can work for the volume profile, but it doesn't have actual volume data.
and when we are looking at a platform like atas we're able to see real volume data in trading view
it's just going to be based on ticks so basically every time the market trades up one tick or trades down one tick it's going to extend out those volume bars but it doesn't really account for how much volume was traded in that tick there could have been a hundred contracts or like one contract right as long as it moved the tick then trading view is going to give you volume data but a platform like atas is going to give you real volume data also if you want to get my settings on this that's going to be included in the study guide so make sure to get that if you haven't already
what you're going to do once you get that is you'll come into templates here you'll click import and you'll just import that file and it's going to get your screens looking exactly like mine that way you don't have to wrestle around with all the settings and stuff but the first thing we're going to focus on of three ways to use the volume profile is going to be our macro now i want you to look over here this is an anchored range volume profile
You'll notice right here we have a couple other volume profiles, which we'll get to in a second because those are based on sessions. But if we look over here, this is the volume profile based on whatever range we have it set to. So whenever you click this over here, it's going to have two lines on your screen. And this right here is the range at which you're getting this volume data from. So if I drag this over, it's only going to have the volume profile in this very small amount of range, which you will see right here. We have a lot more volume traded.
but if we extend this out over longer periods of time it takes in more data so you get a different profile now for the macro and some people are going to mark this differently that's okay what i like to do since i'm trading intraday is i like to mark this over the last five days so what we can do is you can go over to your daily chart and you can go over here and what we're going to do is we're going to mark out the last five
full days of price okay so if we start right here we've got this one daily candle right here now this candle is still unfolding right now it's 9 20 pm and we want to mark always five full days okay so we won't count that first day so if you're trading on a day you don't want to count this in your five candles so we would go one two three four five okay so we want to market these full five days we have right here
So if we now go on to the 30 minute timeframe, you're gonna be able to see that we have five trading sessions. So we've got this trading session right here, this one, this one, this one, and this one, okay? Now it's gonna mark out this full five day period and it's gonna give you the value area high, the value area low, and the point of control in that range of time. And as you can see right here, the market has established this fair value.
in this range of price okay so how this can help you and what this is going to really give you assistance with is understanding the general bias so let's say if the market has traded back into the value area or you're trading away from the value low or value high that can give you context for the session so for example let's say you come into the market on a day like this right here
and the market traded into the value area high pre-market and you saw it reject, that is gonna automatically help you lean in one direction, which would be bearish because you're rejecting the highs. Now, another thing that we can go into is high and low volume. So as you'll notice right here, we have a lot of lower volume, okay? So I want you to think of this like mountain peaks and valleys.
If price is trying to ride up a mountain, it's usually going to be a little bit slower and it's going to stall around these higher volume areas. So if we extend this part out, you will see that the market was stalling a lot when it was in these areas. And when it was outside of it, it moved rather quickly. Now, why is that? Well, because if we know that the most amount of volume was traded in a given range and the market is in that range, then there's going to be a lot of people positioned and there's going to be a lot of chopping.
So this can help you understand how to avoid bad trades. And then on top of that, when the market trades outside of these areas, it's going to give you a little bit of an inside sneak peek on how the market is truly behaving. So for example, let's say if you know right here, we're trading away from the value area high.
Well, we can say that the market is moving into a premium and sellers are stepping in and selling it. So that can give you a bearish bias going into a day like this. But you can also use the same concept on these lower volume areas, which are low volume nodes. And these are some of my favorite areas to trade from. Because if you can see that the market has already rejected from this value area high, you could say that sellers were in control of the market at this time. So you want to see, are they still in control of the market? Well, if we know that sellers were in control of the market here, and then you can see that every time the market
trades outside of that area we know that the majority of traders were trading inside of this higher volume node over here well every time the market moved away from it what happens well it sells off and why is that because if we understand that the majority of traders are positioned here and we're already saying that we're bearish well anytime we dip above the higher volume areas we want to see those sellers step in and defend their positions so if you see this happening right here
at the tip or the edge of a high volume node then it's safe to say the market is likely going to reject away from it and give these larger moves to the downside in price how the market is responding to low volume nodes or lvn for short is going to give you a little bit of an inside look in the market just like the value area high and the value area low
And when you mark this over the last five days, you can see the intention of larger market participants because larger market participants are trading based over larger periods of time. So if you're seeing the market has recently reacted from the value area high, and then we start to move to the downside.
very likely we're gonna go down to the value area low. So if you've already established that the direction is down and you see the market trading back up into a low volume node in something that you have as context of a bearish market, then you can look for sell setups using the strategies we'll go over later to trade down towards that value area low. And you can see that this setup works again and again. Now you can also use the overall shape of this profile and there are four main shapes we're gonna go over that can help you understand.
bias and the likelihood of what the market's going to do next based on value because you can look at this right here and see that okay cool when the market was above the value area high
we sold off, and then what happened? Not only did we sell off, but we also created more value, meaning the market moved down lower and a lot of people were trading and they're just accepting this lower price. So typically when that happens, you can look at this value area high as an area to possibly sell from. Now let's go into the second way we can anchor the volume profile, which is gonna be based on session. So for this, I'll go on to the five minute chart so we can get a bit better of a look.
And what you wanna do with these session profiles is you wanna use them in context of this higher timeframe profile, which is the five-day. But you wanna make sure they're marked on RTH. Now, what is RTH? It's just regular trading hours. If you're trading index futures like NASDAQ or ES, that's gonna be 9.30 a.m. to 4 p.m. So this is where the majority of volume trades. Now, if we look and we just add on regular volume,
you'll be able to see really quickly that most of the volume trades within these time periods. As you can see, the vast majority of volume trades here, and this is where the larger market participants are trading. So this is how you want to mark your session volume profiles. If you get my...
template you'll have this already marked but if you want to mark this on your own it's 9 30 a.m to 4 p.m and this is going to show you where the majority of the market was accepting prices so let me give you an example right here the market immediately had a sell-off from the open now how do we know this was likely going to happen well remember we had already sold off from a premium price base over the last couple days so we already knew at the open
that we are likely to have a bearish day. And then once we have that confirmation of a bearish day, we then not only move down lower, but we establish value. Establishing value and price getting accepted at lower prices.
or higher prices if it were bullish is a very important concept for you to master because it's telling you not based on price but based on real data where people were agreeing the market was a fair valuation so let's just say we have the bearish macro profile we have a bearish profile here so you could have taken sales from the high and then on the next day we come back up
and test the previous day's value area high well in a bearish market if you're coming up and testing these levels these are where you're likely to get fake outs okay so in this example right here there's actually an opportunity by using the next way that we mark out our volume profile so what i'm gonna do is i'm gonna hide this because we already know that right here is a key level okay just remember that this level and go ahead and mark it was a key level so we're gonna go ahead and hide this
and then we want to zoom in on this little range in price right here so you can mark legs of structure and watch the profile on them as well specifically the opening range and we're going to go over a full strategy on this later on but for right now understand that if you go over here and map a
fixed profile okay so we've used the anchored market profile which is what you see over here to the right we use the session profiles which is just an indicator called market profile this is going to be your fixed volume profile so we're going to take this and if you mark this from the open so 9 30 we want to get the full range and this full little bit of swing structure that happened into that key level so you want to pay attention on marking volume profiles
on price legs that hit key levels so if you're trading liquidity sweeps or looking for like an inverted fair value gap or any of that stuff what you can do is on the leg you're expecting to become a reversal and this works for anything it doesn't just have to be for volume profile you can use this for liquidity sweeps or whatever i highly recommend using it for this stuff because it's more powerful but um if you mark this like this you can map out this whole move to the upside right and see is this move a valid move now let's break this down
and go over what we can actually get from this. Now, if we mark out this full leg in structure, we can see that there's a lot of volume down here and the market moved to the upside. We can see that the market then moved down aggressively and then came back down to this value area low and started to push outside of it.
So this can tell us that this was likely a fake out based on the idea we're already trading into a key level in a bearish market from the previous day's premium. We already know that the market's likely to be bearish just based on the...
profile over the last five days so whenever you get this move to the upside and you start to fade this this can give you a strategy in and of itself and especially when you're using this on the opening range so if we just mark out the first 15 minutes of the day and use time instead of like an actual price swing you can see that we had this value area right here of that opening range and what happened the market tried to trade outside of it
And it got rejected, just like we use the value area high in this higher timeframe. And just like we're using it over here on the market profile. So right here, the market was getting what? Rejected at that value area high. So sellers are in control because they're selling at a premium. Right here in that example, what's happening in that opening range? We see that the market is rejecting that value area high. So the market tried to push higher.
And then we see that the market's saying, no, there's some passive seller, there's some larger market participant selling to all these buyers who tried to push the market higher. And as soon as you fall back down with a lot of force, that can give you a sell setup. And as you can see, this caused a big move to the downside. And going back to that example earlier, I want you to take a look again, because you may have noticed I had this marked out then.
But as you can see, this is the exact setup that I took to get this trade I showed you guys earlier. But you can also use the structure type of volume profile to go in and mark the last little leg when you're expecting some kind of liquidity sweep. Now, as you can see right here, we traded into that value area low. So you can map out that full area, that full little bit of a move down we saw right here. And then we can see once you close above value of that, instead of waiting for a market structure shift,
that can give you a little bit of a sneak peek and gets you much better risk to reward. You can also place stops using the value area low, which again, we're gonna get over into the strategies. I don't wanna get too far ahead of myself. But as you can see, there are tons of different ways that you can use this to apply database trading to your process rather than just trying to trade blind on patterns. All right, so now we've went over the basics and we've also went over how to anchor.
volume profile and i've given you my settings so now let's talk about the use cases okay i've already given you guys a little bit of a sneak peek here but we're going to go over bias all of the different shaped profiles we're going to go over key levels and how you can execute using the volume profile using a couple mechanical strategies now i know you're probably thinking oh my god this is a lot of stuff the volume profile is complicated it's really not and
at its core yes trading can be complex which is why it's so important to simplify it down into the core most important things which is finding your direction finding the levels you want to trade from and then executing no matter what strategy you're using you have some method of doing these three things so with a vast amount of information that you just took in i want you guys to have an expertise and an understanding of the why an understanding of
the how and understanding of the data behind this. Now, let's simplify this into a three-step process to boil it down into a trading routine. Now, I gave you guys a little bit of a sneak peek on this, but bias really just comes down to reading previous sessions. And to do this, we wanna look at the profile shape. Now, there are four main shapes we're gonna go over. And like we said earlier, you wanna use on the RTH, meaning the regular trading hours only. Now, when the shape says one thing and the close says another,
the close always wins a lot of traders i see with the volume profile they just look at the shapes and they say oh well we had this shape so the next day is going to do this it doesn't work like that there are a couple filters that you need to use to help you avoid the losing trades but by the end of this you're going to know exactly how to find the direction to trade with in a mechanical nature
and how much to trust it and how much to say hey how confident am i in this because that's also very important in your trading this is how you learn how to sit out of some setups and go heavier in others like we talked about earlier not all volume is equal okay so if you're using index futures you want to use that window we talked about because this is where the institutions trade if you look at full session profiles like you see right here it's going to give you a lot of noise and the value area isn't going to be as valuable
So as you can see right here, just marking out that regular trading hour profile, which is what you see right there, we had tons of different opportunities from that value area high. But if you look at the vast...
whole daily candle you didn't even really touch into it okay so it's very important to make sure you're marking this correctly so if you haven't learned already price lies and value does not because value shows where the market was agreeing on new prices price can give you a fake out we all know that because people try to trade liquidity sweeps right we we're going to be trading fake outs and if you see
the market hit into some previous high, like it makes a nice move up, but there's no volume behind it, this is likely retail traders getting trapped. And this brings us into, you know, who's on the other side of trades. Because if price is spiking and there's no real volume, and on top of that, if you're hitting into some kind of key level from a previous day,
or maybe it's a low volume node or any of these other levels we're gonna go over, then that can tell you that this is likely a fake out. So it gives you an edge and you have conviction in why you're trading from this level rather than just trying to pick out every swing high to trade a reversal from, okay? So if value is still in an area and you don't see any value occurring outside of a range, like for example, let's say the market is trading and you form this consolidation and you make this big move up, but the profile,
is really thin and then it shows a lot of volume down lower well until the market stays up here right the market just falls right back down into that value area that is going to be a very high probability that it's a fake out but let's just say the market consolidated for a bit up here and not only just time here but let's just say you have this hidden bump up here and then the market still has its value area down lower
and you traded up above it and created this new high volume node. So think of a high volume node as confirmation that the market is actually gonna make another move higher. So if it trades into a key level, and this could be any key level, if it's trading into a key level and you're seeing a high volume node form, that is the market telling you that it's not just some fake out. The market's actually making a move to the upside. And even if you were to get a sweep to the downside from here,
this is an actual opportunity so it tells you to know when a big move down is a fake out and when it's not so how many times have you guys had a key level the market trades into it and it just sits there forever makes a move down you short and then it claps you right that's what's happening right here because you didn't realize that the market was actually making value up here and this is going to be a liquidity grab to the downside and a real one not just some
ICT liquidity grab, it's an actual database one. So this can help you avoid trading a fake market structure shift and then understanding that not only you can avoid that bad trade, but you can catch a good one. So understanding value is gonna help you expose fake breakouts, fake reversals, and fake legs of market structure, which alone will likely reduce a lot of the losing trades you take. And something that I look at in a lot of my students' data is if you were able to avoid just half the losing trades that you're taking, you would probably be a profitable trader.
And a lot of times the big gains you're going to have in trading aren't going to come from some holy grail, you know, high risk to reward system. It's going to come from removing the dumb shit you do. Okay. And this is a data backed way to do that. And the reason I keep saying data backed is because it's going to give you the most important thing you can have as a trader. Okay, guys, which is conviction. Now ignore my kindergarten handwriting here.
But this is the most important thing because in trading, as you guys saw earlier, okay, with my trading, I had a lot of these losing streaks right here. So in these losing streaks, what did I have?
I had conviction. I didn't switch up what I was doing. What most of you guys do here is you start changing up. You start being afraid to execute trades. And the reason for that is not because you're a bad trader. It's not because you have bad trading psychology like a lot of these gurus will fucking tell you. No, it's because you don't have conviction in what you're doing because there's no logic in it. You're just trading random patterns, okay? And you can't brainwash yourself into believing in that because it's nonsense. But once you understand the actual mechanics of the market,
Then you're able to stay consistent and be around for the good times. Let's take a look of a couple examples of this. As you can see in this profile, the market made a nice big move to the upside. But then what happened? Well, did we get any real volume outside of here? No, we had some small attempts, but we didn't form any kind of high volume node. And what happened? The market made a move back to the downside. And then anytime that the market tested into this level again, you saw it defended. Now I want you to look on the flip side. What happened after you traded outside of this level?
Well, you started to form more value, meaning that that was an accepted move. And anytime you get a pullback, you can then look to sell from it. Now let's take a look at a valid breakout. As you can see right here, the market traded outside of this area and you formed a high volume node. Now I want you to notice the difference in that and this right here, because a lot of people will say, oh, you formed a high volume node and you'll get trigger happy and want to execute. Don't do that. Okay. Make sure it's undeniable. A good way to look at it is could a book sit on it. Okay.
does this look like a bookshelf right could you have a couple books sitting on it if so then it's likely a high volume node and as you can see right here you had this market consolidating it made a move down but then as soon as you started to get those confirmations the upside from that level that's where the real trade occurred now that you have a deep understanding of value and just the overall concept of auction market theory i want you to understand shape so a good rule of thumb is to read the shape and ignore the noise okay
You're gonna get a lot of chop market structure. You're gonna get a lot of erratic price behavior. That's just the way it goes with financial markets. But the shape is gonna tell you who won the session.
based on volume, it's going to give you a directional lean, it's going to tell you what levels to expect reaction from, and like we just talked about, whether the move is real. And it's going to save you from all of this dumb stuff that you end up doing if you don't have any data behind your trading. So there are four main profile shapes. There's a P-shape where buyer's won, there's a B-shape where seller's won, and a D-shape where neither side won. And there is a fourth shape that a lot of traders don't look for, but is one of my most favorite setups. So let's talk about the P-shaped profile. What this is going to look...
like a lot of times in price is you're going to have a little consolidation and a really big move and then you'll have another bit of consolidation okay and what this usually can look like it might even have some bear structure in it and a lot of erratic price action and a lot of you guys will see this big up move and then you get chopped up up here but once you understand the concept of a p-shaped profile
you're gonna avoid getting faked out by these fake sales. And instead, you're actually gonna look at opportunities to go long. And it's gonna give you a plethora of new trades you can be taking rather than being confused and on the sidelines. Now, why did I draw this little range right here? Well, it's important to understand where the big move originated from. And this is called a volume bump, okay? So let's say if there wasn't really any volume here, there wasn't a lot of volume in this leg where you're gonna get fair value gaps and a lot of that stuff.
But we see right here, there was a volume bump, meaning a large amount of volume was traded here and the market moved to the upside. So who was controlling this, right? Well, in this area, we had buyers, okay? So if buyers are prevalent in an area, this is an area that in a bullish market, which if we have a P-shaped profile, we can say that that is an area buyers are gonna wanna defend. So even if you were to get a move down on the next day,
This could be a valid area. Now, a lot of you guys know order blocks from ICT. This is where you get a valid order block. Or you could look at the value area low. So as long as the market is defending any of these areas, that's going to give you a reason to go long. And just like we talked about another example, if you break out of this high and then the market starts to get accepted there, that can give you an opportunity to go long if you get any kind of fake outs to move higher. Now, on the contrary.
You can still get opportunities to sell in a bullish market, but you want to be trading in context. So let's just say the market comes up here and it makes a move to the downside. Okay. And it starts falling back into the range. You want to trade back down first to that point of control. That's going to be a key level. And sometimes you'll notice that you don't really have much of a move between where you're at in that point of control.
If you can get good risk to reward with your stop loss at that value area high and your target here, you can just wait to see if you reclaim through this. And if you do, then you can trade from that point of control down to the value area low. And we're gonna go over this in a strategy later with price examples, but I just wanna drill this into your guy's head so you're thinking the right way. Now, another way you can use P-shaped profiles is when you have numerous P-shaped profiles.
in a row. So if you're looking at the regular trading hours and you see a lot of P-shaped profiles, this is showing you that value is shifting higher each session. And this is a real trend. It's not based on price. It's based on where is the market actually being accepted at? Because if you see the market trading, the market kind of finds fair valuation and it moves higher, then what that means is that in this area, there was an imbalance of buyers and sellers. So it's going to move to where there's balance and the market ends up doing what?
If it forms another P-shaped profile, it's going to have to move higher. So that means there was another imbalance of buyers and sellers. So in a market, if you have imbalances of buyers and sellers consistently, that is showing you that you're in a bullish market. But in price, this can look like this, or sometimes it might be a lot more confusing. It might look like this.
and then make a move higher and be chopping around. And if you understand this, you're ignoring all this noise and you're just focusing on the fact that we are in a bullish market and you're looking for the sniper entries rather than getting chopped up in fake cells. Now, another way to look at these P-shaped profiles is let's say if you have one into a key level. Well, if the market hits into a key level and then makes a big move up,
and stays above that key level that is showing you that the low got rejected and buyers not only push price back up but they accepted and held that value there so this can be used if you're trading into some kind of higher time frame low maybe a previous daily low or maybe any of the other levels like for example that five day profile like let's just say if the five day profile had a value area low and you traded into it
you form a p-shaped profile off of it that is a really good sign of reversal and the next day you're likely going to want to trade from the previous value area so let's say the next day opens up
you have a big move to the downside and a fake out. While a lot of traders are looking to sell, you can look to be building buys here because you know that we just had that P-shaped reversal from a clear level and that buyers are likely gonna hold this position. And if you see price confirmation showing you that, then that can give you that setup. So this can show you when we have bias reversals. And let me give you an example here. As we can see right here, the market formed a P-shaped profile.
Okay. So the market traded up higher and we've formed value up here. So what ends up happening on the next RTH session? Well, the market comes down, it opens up. And then what happens at the open? It makes a move down. A lot of people are FOMOing in and trying to sell here, but the educated trader trading on data.
understands that it's likely just going to go down and test the previous day's value levels. And at this area, while everybody's trying to sell, you can be getting the best entry of the day, looking to ride that move of the day, expecting us to form another P-shaped profile. You could just take this up to some recent high, and that can give you a lot of really explosive, fast-moving trades with really good risk to reward. Now, on the contrary, let's look at a B-shaped profile. In B-shaped profiles, sellers won.
And this is going to be either the downtrend or the end of an uptrend. And I'm not going to take a ton of time to explain this because we just went over this with the B-shaped profile, but it's the same thing, okay? You're going to have some kind of consolidation and then the market makes a big move to the downside and establishes value.
lower and the same thing if you see this consistently happening this is a volume based downtrend not just price but volume and in this leg there might be a lot of erratic price action again probably a lot of bullish market structure even but you understand that a lot of that is just going to be fake outs because if you're shifting value lower that means that there is consistently an imbalance of sellers every time the market starts to pause and make up its mind now if this happens at let's say a key level that's a high and you make a b-shaped profile well
that tells you that that high got rejected and that sellers are pushing price back down so this is where you'll get those bias reversals from bullish to bearish now let's take a look at an example of this on a chart as you can see right here we had this b-shaped profile and the market ended up coming back up and testing where this is the example we went over earlier
So we tested into the previous day's value area high. We also traded into a very low volume area. So this is a very good key level. If you know the market's likely to be bearish based on the previous day, and then you're trading into bearish levels, that is where you can start to draw those structure legs of volume.
or look for our first candle strategies or the box strategy, which we'll go over later and look to take sales because you understand that this is likely gonna be a fake out. Now let's go over the D-shaped profile. And this is just when the market found fair value on a day. There wasn't really an imbalance on either side of the market. So the market probably was chopping around. And this is where a lot of traders will get burnt because they don't know how to trade or they're not even aware that the market's gonna be consolidating. Now how many times have you gone into the market?
thought it was gonna be a big day, and the market ended up just chopping around and you ended up losing a lot of money. Well, this happened to me a lot, okay? Whenever I was first starting, it was actually like my worst enemy because you have these great days and then you just lose it all when the day's chopping. And a lot of people don't even know that there is a way you can literally know that the market's likely to do this. And that's why the volume profile is so powerful because it gives you context, it gives you bias, it gives you levels, it gives you execution, and it's all based on data so you have confidence in it.
So in these kinds of markets, what you wanna look at is just trading reversions from the value area high and the value area low, okay? So you just wanna trade inside the range and sometimes you won't even trade. If you have a very small one, you don't wanna trade because you're really just gonna be trading between the point of control and the value area high or the value area low.
and the point of control so you're just going to be kind of bouncing in between and if you take a trade like let's say here at the low your first target would be right here at that point of control and then at that point you want to trail up your stop under it so let's say you trade here boom take some profits trail up your stop and a lot of times the market will end up you know retracing that's why i say if this isn't a big range then you don't really want to be trading these days
But if you have enough of a good risk to reward, you can definitely trade from value area high or low to the point of control and so forth. But don't ever take trades from this point of control. Some people tell you different. I just don't see why you would want to take trades at literally the area where you're expecting the most chop. Again.
I like to think that you want to be an anomaly, okay? So in order to be a profitable trader, you need to be trading like an anomaly. So take anomaly trades, meaning that if you know 70% of trading happened here, you don't wanna be active there. You wanna be active at the best prices that you can get so you get the best return on your risk. Now let's take a look at different ways you can use the D-shaped profile. If you see a bunch of P-shaped profiles, okay, so the market's moving up.
and then you start to top out. Now, a lot of times you won't be able to tell this is going on just based on price, because you might have these big moves to the upside, and sometimes these moves might have been a little bit choppy, but then you go up here and chop, and you think, okay, cool, we're just going to make our next move. But if you see a lot of these D-shaped profiles forming after you get to that area,
the market's likely trying to make up its mind. And it's moving from a state of expansion into a state of consolidation. And it's very important to be able to spot this so you can start to pivot and assess the market differently. Now, if you see a lot of D-shaped profiles again and again and again, the market's building energy. And good news is a huge move is likely going to happen soon. And if you have many days in a row where there's a D-shaped profile and then you get a breakout, that is likely going to be a very large expansion. But...
until you get that breakout you want to understand that every single d profile that you have that's stacking the more likely it's going to be chop chop chop so take that as you will some people don't like trading in shop i'm going to give you the strategy you can use to trade those consolidations but
if you want to wait for a big move you want to see a breakout of either the high or the low and you're going to be pretty neutral to what kind of breakout you want to see now you can use that longer term profile we talked about to help you with that but overall if you're getting a lot of d-shaped profiles the market has found fair value and in the you want to think of like this this is an efficient market meaning that buyers and sellers agree that this is where the market should be priced there's not as much money to be made in efficient markets you want to make money in
inefficient markets okay so whenever you have this kind of price action you want to be more sitting on your hands a little bit more patient a little bit more picky with your trades but either way when you're seeing d-shaped profiles the market is neutral you're not going to be biased towards one side of the market so let's take a look at a price example as you can see we have a d-shaped profile so it's pretty balanced right there's not really any thin leg like the difference between the b and the p is you have this thin leg okay so in these you don't really see
that at all you just see kind of a d-shaped profile again and again so as you can see the market was slow dry you know it's like paint drying right you don't really get a bunch of good setups in these markets um there are ways to trade them but again like for a beginner trader i would almost just recommend staying out of these markets and a lot of times like this sure you can say well we got a setup from here and but like did you really though like it's a very small range
and another thing that i want a lot of you guys who are beginners to take home with this and some of you guys that are more intermediate might know this just because you can spot which way the market's going does not mean you should be in a trade okay like there are a lot of times i can sit here and do analysis and say like you'll see guys on twitter they'll just be like oh like they'll draw out what they think's gonna happen to the market and all this it's like dude that doesn't matter like i could draw out and say yeah we're gonna go from here to here
but it doesn't make me money. So I don't really give a shit about it. If it's not gonna make you money, you should just be like erasing it from your mind and not paying attention to it. Now let's talk about the fourth type of profile, which is the thin profile. So thin profiles are where we had absolute domination of one side. So these might look the same, but I try to mark direction up. So this would be where price is just rallying, okay? So in a rally in price, there's going to be areas most of the time.
where there are at least some kind of volume bumps. Now I like to look at the two biggest ones. So the way you can look at this is we had an initial area. This is where the move really started from. And then in a bearish profile, you might have the same thing, but to the downside, right? So there's going to be two initial areas where a lot of that selling actually happens. So where there are large players position. And those are the areas that like say on the next day, you're going to want to watch to see how we react from it. So let's take a look at an example of this.
In this area right here, we can see that the market didn't form a P or a B. It was literally just pretty much down. It was blood, okay? The market was moving down. So in this area, you wanna take a look at like where did the volume bumps happen? Now, as you can see, we had a volume bump right here and we had some other volume bumps throughout the market, which was, sorry, right here. And you can see that the market...
Didn't really give a reaction from this one because you're looking at the market when it's not in regular trading hours. But as you come into the next day, this is 930 where you see the profile start. You can see what are we recently traded into? Well, we recently traded into the point of control, which is by definition going to be a volume bump. You can't really see it because it's just thin right there. But as you can see, the red.
line which is covering up that thin area is the highest amount of volume in this profile and these thin areas can be a little deceiving because if you have a really thin profile likely the point of control is also going to be thin okay it doesn't take much when you when you're working with very small amounts of volume at each price level whichever one is the highest you're going to want to pay attention to that level okay because that is where the most volume was traded and it was obviously a very bearish day so if you come into the next day and you see that we traded into that level
and the market's moving away from it as the market opens well you can say that likely we're going to be bearish so as you can see in this day the market was extremely bearish so let's say if you've traded into the previous day and you've hit the bump where that thin profile had its big move originating from even though a lot of people would say oh it originated from up here it just didn't okay it just simply did not okay based on data and this is why the volume profile is so important
And again, this is where you'll be able to get valid order blocks because a lot of people would just mark this candle right here. But you can see that it was really this whole move up was the valid order block. So as the market came back into that level and you see it moving away at the open, then you could say that likely we're going to be bearish and look to sell targeting lower prices. Now we went over this a little bit earlier, but we can kind of recap the five-day profile. And this is just a cheat sheet that makes it really easy.
if price is above the value area high, okay, on that five-day profile, like let's go back to ATAS, if the price is above the value area high and it's holding, so like let's look back here. If we're above this area, right, over here, and the market's holding above it, you could say we're likely gonna be bullish, which we did see some of those. But as soon as you fall back into this level, so if we just mark this level on our charts, and you say, as we're falling back into that, you could say that where are we likely to go?
We're likely going to go to that point of control. So it gives you trading ranges. And another thing that I like simplifying trading down into is that all you're really looking for is key levels, okay? So you're looking at where the market is going to be moving from based on where are their key levels. And you want to look at those key levels as your trading range. So let's say if you have a key level here, another key level here, and a key level here based on the volume profile. Let's say the market is giving you a bearish bias.
And you have any of the reasons we've went over to take a sell trade. Well, you look at this kind of like your range, like this is the next stepping stone. So wherever you're getting this, if you're getting in the second half of it, like the higher, you know, point, the higher 50% of it, you could say that, cool, I have a good opportunity down to that level. If it's down here and you might be able to say, oh, well, we're trading from this area. So I'm a bearish bias. I'm going to sell. No, don't take that trade. Wait until you hit into that because then the market might start to reverse from it or.
Maybe the market starts to want to trade it down lower from it. But once you hit a new key level, kind of think of it like this. You're trying to spot someone that's running through the dark, right? So you have a spotlight. And whenever the market's at key levels, you've got a spotlight on that person. You can really see them. And then you could see which direction they ran to. But in between here...
You only know like which general move they're making. You don't wanna try to evaluate like just because we traded from here that we're always gonna go all the way down here. You wanna wait till you hit into this level and then you could start to, you know, rebuild a trading idea towards that area. So the five-day profile shows you where value has been over the last week because, you know, five days is a trading day week. There's, you know, trading on weekends. Well, actually not yet. There's gonna be soon. So that'll be interesting to see how that changes the markets.
But where price sits relative to this profile, that's gonna tell you the bigger picture lean, okay? And this is something that you wanna take with a grain of salt. You're not gonna just say, oh, cool, the five-day profile's bearish, I'm just selling today. You wanna look at what's happening in the session. But a good way to look at it is if the macro and the session profile agree on direction, that is a high conviction day. So these are the days you're gonna be more aggressive with your entries. You're gonna be a little bit less picky. But when they disagree,
you're gonna be a little bit more cautious. You're gonna wanna reduce your size or sit on your hands. Like I'll go over an example today that I was trading. Let's look at this setup I had. I entered this on stream and I took a sell today. I ended up making good money as you can see, but I wanna be transparent guys. I didn't really make that much money. You might be like, wait, what, how? You were up $6,700 and then you're up $8,000, but I took a loss earlier on this day. Now, where did I take a loss?
Well, let's go ahead and zoom in so you guys can see and we can learn from it together. Well, when we came into the session today, let me mark out the profile for the day. I was looking at the market from a bearish perspective, right? Now, why was I looking at the market from a bearish perspective? Because we had a B-shaped profile, rejection from it, B-shaped profile. And then we traded up into this previous day's value area high, and we were trading up on the edge of this volume node.
so i was looking at the market this morning and we'll unmark this this morning i was looking to sell okay so when the market moved to the upside and it started to make moves higher i originally thought maybe i'm wrong and i kind of made a mistake i looked at it and said okay cool well we're making a move to the upside and i knew i was a little bit more reluctant to take longs so i was very aggressive with my stop loss and i was able to take a small loss
And then once the market presented a sell, which will break down this trade a little bit more in depth in the strategy part of this course later, I was able to take that sell and then recoup my loss. And I want to be transparent, guys. It's not always going to be perfect. I'm not perfect. You're always going to make mistakes. That's why you need these tools to kind of help you because you want to look at the market like almost like a blackjack player looks at a blackjack table. I don't know if any of you guys have played blackjack. I know there's probably some people saying, oh my God, he's talking about gambling. He's a gambler.
shut up. Okay. Like you're are gambling with trading. You're just finding better odds. And the way you're going to do that is by understanding your surroundings. So a blackjack player, for those of you who don't know, they're going to look at a table and they're going to try to figure out the running count. They're going to try to figure out what tables are hot, meaning what tables are placing a lot of face cards, because in blackjack, you want to get a 21. And if you can, this is how people count cards. If let's say if you, if you know that a lot of the lower cards are out of the deck,
and a lot of higher cards are in the deck, then it's a better table. So, you know, a good blackjack player is going to want to sit at these tables so they can get 21 and have better odds. Mathematically, you have better odds there. This is why Vegas and casinos will literally add more decks to their shoe because they want you to not have as good odds. They want you to be able to not do this. But in the market, that's what makes it different from the casinos. You can actually become the casino. In the casinos, they make this almost impossible.
They actually make it illegal. But in the markets, if you understand and say, hey, like this isn't really a hot table, it's not that you won't play, but you wanna be cautious. You're not gonna be increasing your size. You wanna reduce size and you wanna be a little bit more picky and you wanna be more aggressive moving your stop and just operate differently. But on a good day, when you have a lot of conviction,
then that's where you pump the gas. And that's where a lot of the money is gonna be made. But there's gonna be good and bad days, so it's important to understand all of this. Now, let's look at this day where I just took another trade on Friday, which was a big winning trade, and it was one and done. And this day was pretty easy because we had that B-shaped profile. And not only that, the market was trading into the point of control of what it looked like at that point, because remember, this was a day earlier. So we traded into that point of control. We had that bearish setup. We had bearish context. So that day, I was very confident.
very aggressive and caught a very big move. So that's the difference between kind of a choppier day and a really good day. Now let's go over a couple of simple rules that can save you from bad trades. Now we're going to break this into four parts. So one is trust the close, two is shape flips, three is macro disagreement, and four is opening in new value. So let's just say the market traded above value area high, but
it closed back inside value so what this means and this is where it's important to understand why your edge worked is that buyers tested but they failed so it's a failed auction meaning the the market tried to go higher buyers tried to push the market higher here but the market ended up closing back inside the range so then you can see we retested that level and had a very aggressive move so this is where you get the second element to building a good strategy which is who is wrong in this example buyers were wrong now
You want to also look down here. We closed outside of value. So if the market closes, which is right where you see this ending, you can see this candle was outside of value. So the market pushed all the way down after this, and it closed outside of value. Now, even if this didn't happen, like let's just imagine this didn't happen, but you're closing outside of value, then that means either you're, you know, if you're closing out of the low, you're bearish. If you were closing outside of the high, you'd be bullish.
And then you can see on the next day, we had a big move down. So you could start on this day right here. This big move up, you're expecting it to be a fake out. Where did the fake out happen from? The previous day's point of control, right here. See, this stuff's not rocket science, guys. You could see that the market then did what?
the market made a big move down so based on the previous day closing outside of value you would lean bearish on this day and then bonus points for those of you guys who are paying attention because where else were you trading from the value area high of that five day profile you see how this stuff comes together and it builds a very very precise powerful way to look at the markets and when you do this you're confident i'm going to drill that into your guy's head
This gives you confidence. It's not, I'm not just showing you this because it's the best, fanciest, precise strategy. No, it actually has reasoning behind what you're doing because when you understand things like this, you have more conviction and you don't switch up and make a lot of the dumb mistakes that are keeping you unprofitable. You're not a bad trader, okay? Like you're really not. You just haven't been taught how to actually look at the markets like professionals do. If professionals just looked at the markets like you do, they wouldn't be professionals, okay? So it's very important to understand the why behind your edge and understand who's wrong.
so you can stop being the person who's wrong and take advantage of that so in a day where you close outside of value expect the next session to pull back towards the point of control next let's talk about shape flips so let's say in a scenario yesterday was a p-shaped profile and then today prints a b this is going to happen it's not a hundred percent right like just because this day was a p-shaped profile maybe you thought that this was going to be a fake out
and you didn't really get any kind of good reactions, okay? So you still shouldn't have taken a trade here, but you might've been bullish bias, okay? Because you had this P-shaped profile, and you said, okay, cool. Well, marketed in my low, and I didn't take a trade. You might've even sat out on the sell, which I think it's important to understand when the P-shaped profile is failing, because a concept that I use a lot...
And this is something I use in the live trading room with my students is what I like to call a fail flip. Okay. Now a fail flip is when you have everything that should be aligned for you to have a good setup and then it doesn't work. If that happens and you can confirm that you're likely going to get an explosive move in the other direction. And this is a little bit more advanced. I don't recommend trying to do this when you first start, just try to master the basics, but just to show you guys a little bit behind the, you know, behind the curtains and sneak peek of how I like to do it.
Let's say if I look at this market and I say, okay, cool. Well, I'm expecting to be bullish. If the market comes to an area where I'm expecting to be bullish and we get absolutely no bullishness, I'm going to say, okay, cool. There is a very powerful force because look at it like this is like a strong area. Okay. If it gets blasted through, that means somebody or a lot of somebodies are really trying to push the market lower. And then you can try to catch.
moves in that direction and you can literally just fade the whole previous profile okay and catch that move right there now another way to look at this is after a multi-day trend if you get a shape flip now this is going back to what we were talking about with you know a lot of p-shaped profiles in a row earlier we talked about what happens when a p-shaped profile turns to d-shaped profiles well that's just showing you the market's kind of topping out maybe it's going to go up maybe it's going to go down but you're neutral
But if you have this and then you have a massive B-shaped profile, likely what happened is you hit into some kind of key level and the market is shifting to a new trend. So the same would go if you went from a B-shaped profile to a P. I'm gonna save us the time here.
Just turn the chart upside down if you want, but it's the same thing. Now the next is macro disagreement. We kind of went over this. Let's just say if the macro is bullish on the five day, but the session shape is a B, it's conflicting, okay? So you're just gonna be a little bit more picky and vice versa. If everything agrees, it's very high conviction, okay? We already went over this, so I'm not gonna beat on a dead horse. Now the fourth rule to profile shapes is if we open outside of value. So look right here. The market had a very thin profile that was bullish, okay?
In that example, you know that we're likely going to be bullish the next day. But what can give you even more conviction is if this day opens. So when this profile started, that was 930. So if 930 opens and you're above the previous value, okay, you're above the previous value area, you could say that the market is accepting new value because it's opening up at a higher valuation than what the fair market value was yesterday. So that can give you a bullish bias. And as you can see in this session, we opened up.
and then what we had to move down you swept out this little bit of liquidity right here thick line but you can see we barely hit into it and at that point you could then look for buying signals to trade up higher and just trade some kind of range high you didn't have to take it that high you could have just taken it to right here or right here and that's a very good trade another level you can use to take the trade to is that value area high of the five day profile now here is a very bearish example because we closed outside right here so where this line was
you can see we closed outside of value, okay? So the market closed outside the value area low, so that is inherently bearish. But not only that, the next day ended up opening outside the previous session. This should be value area low, okay? But we open outside the previous value area low. Now, when this happens, you're gonna be really aggressive. You're not even expecting a retracement back to these levels. If you get it, great. But these are the kind of days that you're gonna kind of come to the market and you're gonna say, okay, cool.
If I get something bearish, I'm going to be looking to sell because I know the market is extremely bearish. Okay, now pause. I know a lot of you guys are sitting there thinking, oh my God, this is a lot to learn. And it is. Anything worth doing or worth learning is a lot. But you need to simplify this. So I'm going to go ahead and do that for you and show you that you can literally write everything we've done.
on a napkin and here you have it a beautiful napkin that i literally took the time to remove the background from just to prove this to you trading really comes down to two things i kind of gave a hint to this earlier okay it comes down to where do you want to trade okay it's very simple and what do you want to have happen okay it's extremely simple it's only those two things everything else you do sums up into one of these two things so for example let's say you had a p-shaped profile okay
Let's say you had a P-shaped profile and the market opens up. Let's say you closed outside the P-shaped profile, okay? You closed outside of it. So you know on the next day where you wanna trade. It's that simple. You say, okay, cool. Well, I wanna trade from the previous day's value levels, right? If we trade under the value area high, the value area low. Now, let's say you opened up the next day. So here's the open. You've opened up outside of value. Yesterday, you closed outside of value. You already know where you wanna trade, okay?
You know exactly where you want to trade. So pre-market, which I'm going to give you guys a full routine later, and you have it in the study guide as well. You already know exactly where you want to trade from. So you're not doing anything until you get to that level. Now, once you get to that level, you want to ask yourself the second question, what do you want to see? And this is where we're going to get into the execution strategies. So you have a very mechanical way to enter trades based on where the market's at.
and what is happening at that level and if you take these two things okay that is trading no matter what you're doing whether it's support and resistance whether it's ict whether it's harmonics whether it's volume profile it's literally just where you want to do business and what you want to see in order to take the trade and you have to distill everything down into those two things in order to be a successful trader you do need to have an
understanding of all this. You do need to have conviction in why you're doing what you're doing. But once you have that, then you systematize it into a process. And this is where a lot of traders will shut off. There's going to be some of you guys who probably have already left. Some of you guys say, oh, this is too complicated. Okay. Well, I want to give you guys a little bit of a perspective shift. Okay. Anything worth fucking doing is complicated. Okay. If it wasn't, then everybody would be rich. Okay. They're not.
for a reason right because people want to just say oh it's too complicated don't think like that you need to be able to take complicated things and you need to be able to simplify these things okay into sops this is how any business runs you go look at mcdonald's do you think it's complicated what mcdonald's does absolutely however literally anyone who can go and buy a mcdonald's franchise can successfully run one why is that because they have a standard
operating procedure they take a lot of complex things and they have a handbook a manual that tells them exactly what to do every single time the same way again and again and again and again and that is what i'm going to be giving you guys here today with the execution strategies with the study guide but you do have to understand how to put this system together so once you understand why you're doing what you're doing for example with mcdonald's they understand that there is power in being consistent they understand that there is power in doing things the same way
Everything they do is down to a granular process, but it's very simple when executed. That's why literally anybody can go get a job at McDonald's, okay? You can take a 15-year-old, a 16-year-old. You can take anyone. Go get a job at McDonald's. They can do it, okay? That's the way you have to look at trading too and believe in yourself that you can do this. You just have to be able to take these complicated things and simplify them. That's why I've literally built this brand for a lot of you guys have been following me for a couple years. I've went from...
literally nothing to over a million followers across platforms, all because I could take complicated things and simplify them. Now you guys can do the same thing. Each and every one of you watching can do the same thing. If you get over the mental block that things are complicated, because when you think things are complicated and you frame them like that, you automatically sign yourself out of doing things the right way. And you go the, you know, dumb route. Don't do that. Okay.
That's why I really am enjoying, this is the most fun video I've made in a while because usually I try to optimize things for like really quick. I'm sick of that, honestly. I'm sick of it because at the end of the day, I want you guys to win. I want you guys to go on and become more profitable than I am. I want you guys to be real traders. In order to do that, you guys need to be able to think like me. So that's what I'm trying to do with this video and a lot of my content moving forward. Now, this does not mean that you need more moving parts, okay? So I wanna draw a graph here.
so let's say if you have moving parts and then you'll have on this other axis let's say you have edge right how good of a trader you are so a lot of people think that every moving part you add every new thing you add to your system that you're going to get better right you think the more the better and they think that this is a line of progression like the more things you add to your strategy the more things that you're doing the better you become and it's actually
completely false in fact you're gonna peak at a level and then it's gonna go severely downhill and we're gonna establish that peak by giving you the exact steps that you need in order to do this properly that way you hit the sweet spot and you understand what you need to be paying attention to what you need to be doing on a day-to-day basis what your routine is that way you actually build a long lasting edge because if you have
20 different things. Like a lot of times when I'm reviewing trading plans with my traders, they'll send me a trading plan that's like a freaking 25 steps. Dude, you're never gonna be profitable doing that, okay? This is where you'll see like ICT and all these people say, oh, there's 100 reasons why to trade. No, you can't think like that because even at Jane Street, if you read that book, I highly recommend you guys read the book that we went over earlier.
the laws of trading here they talk about this that if you have too many moving parts in your strategy there's too many things that can go wrong and you need a lot of things to go right and if you guys haven't figured out yet about trading very rarely does a lot of things just go in your direction it's just not how it works okay that's why it's so hard but if you can understand that and simplify down into what actually matters based on having a deep understanding
of what we're doing look at all the stuff you guys have learned by the way we went over a lot but if you can simplify it down into a system that is where you're going to peak so just as a quick recap where we talk about where you want to do business you've got your value area high your point of control which i look at this more so as you can somewhat use it for trades but more so is like a barometer of where the market's going like for example let's say if you've rejected from a value area high you hit into a point of control
and you're staying under i'm looking at it more like this move is being sustained if the market's just bouncing around and you hit into the point of control and i'm not going to trade from that i want to see it really just being traded through and it being you know kind of compromised getting lost but then you have your value area low you've got low volume nodes which is where the market dips off and there wasn't much trading and if you see the market reacting sharply from these areas that can be a trade or if the market's moving aggressively into these and you're not getting a reaction the market's likely going to move very quick
you've got your high volume nodes, which are these high volume areas. And this is where a lot of traders are positioned. And that's where you can look for trades to be either taking profit out. Like if you're in a cell and you're trading down into a high volume node, can be a good profit taking area. I typically don't like to trade while you're inside of these. Again, we wanna be trading like an anomaly. So you're trading from the value of your high, the low or edges of these high volume nodes.
Now there are hidden bumps as well, which we talked about earlier. This is kind of where you have a big move starting from. And later on when the market hits back into that, that's likely gonna give a good setup. But let's just say in this example, you trade back into a high volume node. A lot of people will say, oh, we're gonna trade from this hidden bump and just take it all the way up. No, that's not how you're gonna do it. You wanna trade like stepping stones, okay? You wanna think of it like this. You're going from one level.
to the next okay stepping stones one at a time you're not trying to predict 10 moves ahead you're trying to predict where the next area we're going towards is and do you have enough risk to reward to get there part one of trading is identifying direction okay any person who's been trading for longer than three months can tell you the direction it doesn't make you money we don't get paid to mark the direction what we get paid to do is understand
opportunity. So just because you understand the direction does not mean you have an opportunity you're going to make money on. You need to evaluate, is there enough risk to reward in those ranges? And a lot of times you're going to see that the market hits into a level and you might have an idea that we're going to go into another level, but that doesn't mean you should trade it. You need to look and say, do I actually have a system? Do I have a strategy? Do I have good enough risk to reward? And that's what we're going to go and simplify into these two strategies I'm going to teach you guys. So again, we're going to simplify everything that we just went over.
into where are we trying to trade okay we just went over all of this there's one more which is the first candle now a lot of you guys who have been in my audience for a while know the first candle rule and i'm going to absolutely blow your mind with this with the first candle strategy and then the box strategy so as you can see just like i said with that graph of you know we we don't want to have too much or you start to taper off you want to find that sweet spot right here this is your sweet spot but in order to use this properly you had to learn everything that you did so now that you've learned the where
let me teach you the what. What do we wanna see in order to do business? Let's start by the box strategy. Now the box, if you haven't guessed already, is just the value area, okay? And I wanna simplify this down. And this is going to be a very, very easy way to trade. This is gonna be a beginner-friendly way to trade our value action trading, which is a system that I've put together based on the way I use the volume profile. So let's take a look at what happens at the edges. So in this example,
you're gonna automatically be a little bit more bullish bias because we did have a big move to the upside. So the box strategy is very simple. When you hit into these areas, which is the value area low, if you're in a P-shaped profile or if you have reasons to leave the market as bullish based on everything we've went over, then you're gonna wanna look for longs from the value area low. Where are you gonna take those longs? T1, take profit one, is gonna be that point of control. So how are you gonna confirm?
this setup well this is a five minute chart so if you're trading into the value area low and you're on a five minute what you want to look for is the market trading into this level and then very quickly closing back inside the range as soon as you close back inside the range right here you can enter the trade put your stop loss right at that low and target this area up here so the same thing happens again right here we trade back into it
you close back into it and it has to happen fast. Notice we're just jabbing into it, moving away. This shows you that buyers are in control. They're trying to prop the market up and you already kind of knew that was likely just based on the shape of the profile. So at that point, you can trade into that point of control. Now, a way that I like to do this, instead of just always taking profit right here, is let's say you have that entry confirmation. Once the market hits that point of control, I'll just trail my stop up to the candle that hit it. Because a lot of times you'll see that
the market ends up trading into that like right here let's just say you trailed up your stop right here okay if the market hits into it and then you start to push through it again i like to trail up my stop again and at this point you would have taken a little bit of a you know drawdown okay you would have came back into that it's going to happen sometimes but if you're scared for that ever to happen then you're never going to be able to catch these big moves and a lot of what you saw with that big account flip that i did was these bigger moves so right here let's say if i took the entry right here
and my trade looks something like this my entry was right here stop was down there and then my entry looked like something like this my trade entry is right there stop was at that value area low then i already got a good risk to reward just up to this area but if the market trades up into this area and i trail my stop right here and this level gets held and we start to move up higher well as soon as we start to push up and rapidly move through this area
I'm going to move my stop up again and let this thing ride. Now, after I do this though, I do like to wait to see anytime we're going into like a lower volume node or any other key levels, like maybe a high over here, I'm going to be trailing up my stop pretty aggressively. So as we start to explode, I'll just start moving up my stop candle by candle, and then eventually I'll get trailed out. I really never use a full take profit. I'm super against it, to be honest, for the most part, because
It, it just like one of the biggest piece of advice that, you know, you can go get from any of the market wizards, like the book market wizards that has all the greatest traders, you know, from like the eighties and nineties. One of the things they always said was let your winners run. Okay. This is one of those pieces of advice that makes you want to punch a hole in the wall and you start trading. Cause it's just like no shit. And it took me years to realize what this meant. This is what it means. When you have a winning trade, if there's not something telling you you're wrong, then let it run.
Why the fuck would you take profits if it's still a winning trade? It makes no sense. And then once the market tells you it's likely not a winning trade, you get out. It's not always gonna be perfect, but it's gonna get you a lot farther than just taking a blind take profit based on some level that you've set. As you can see, the market starts to come back down. It gives yet another entry right here. So as soon as you had this move down, you don't even have to wait for any kind of candle engulfing. As soon as you close back inside the range, you could enter right here. You can put your stop at that value area low.
Again, target right here, which is that point of control. And as soon as you hit that first trip wire, you move your stop up and then you can just continuously trail your stops up, okay? As you can see in this example, you probably got to ride it up towards like right around this area up here. And then another thing, you can definitely still trade a little bit against your overall bias. But like we talked about earlier, you're gonna be more picky there. So what I like to do with these kinds of things, if I'm bullish,
I'm not just going to trade on that first closer back in the range. I actually want to see a retest like you see right here, hitting into that level and then making a move down. So once you get that and you start to make a move away from it after you've traded back in, so you've traded outside, closed back in, then you trade into the level and close back in again. So it's like a second layer confirmation. Then I'll get into the market and you could.
enter a trade right there, stop loss right there. And then you're just gonna look for the same thing, taking it down to that point of control. So it's the same kind of stuff. And this is where you're gonna be able to trade those D-shaped profiles because in a D-shaped profile, you're not gonna really have a bias. Like I said earlier, you're just gonna trade at the point of control. And if you have more of a bias, you can trade different. Like you saw here, you have more aggressive entries if it's alongside your bias and a little bit more patience when you're trading against it. Now, let's go over the first candle of the session.
And a lot of you guys have probably been waiting for this moment if you are a part of my audience for a long time because you know the first candle strategy. And it's a great mechanical strategy for beginners. The reason I teach it is because for beginners, it's much easier to patch onto that. And when you're a beginner, you should be focusing on just getting into a process. But I wanna give you guys a little bit more of a professional perspective on this strategy so you can trade much better using it. So for this, what we wanna do is we wanna wait for the first 15 minutes of the day. So I'm gonna...
kind of hide all this just so we can have a little bit um you know first off let's go over the bias again because we weren't over this example a couple times but we knew that we are likely going to be bearish why did we think that well because we've had a series of b-shaped profiles we had a b-shaped profile and then we have our key level based on that recent b-shaped profile now i want to be clear you don't necessarily need this this is just an added bonus okay even if you had this same
first candle entry, I'm going to show you, I would still take it, but again, it just gives you a little bit more conviction and you know when to be more aggressive based on if you have context, okay? So you're trading into this low volume note over here, like you see right here, and you're trading into that previous day's value area high. So if we look right here, we know that likely any move to the upside, just based on context, is likely going to get faded, meaning it's likely going to reverse. So let's go ahead and clean up the charts a little bit now that you guys know that, so we can just focus on
what we are doing right here with this strategy so we're going to take the first 15 minutes one five first 15 minutes starting at 9 30 okay get a lot of questions even though i said that people be like what time is that and if you're in another time zone and you ask me in the comments how to move this from new york to fucking chat gpt it okay it kills me it literally kills me people say how do you translate this to my time zone
like bro if you're trying to trade and you can't critical think enough to just like oh what time is it in my time zone new york time at 9 30 am like you're probably not this probably ain't for you um so if we look right here we have 9 30 okay so you want to draw the whole range from 9 30 to that 9 40 candle because remember 9 30 starts so night it ends at 9 35 when 9 40 starts it ends at 9 45 so 9 30 to 9 45 15 minutes so you want to start by drawing it on that candle
and you wanna mark it up by having it encapsulate that full range. So I've just drawn it on that 930 to the 945 range, okay? In this range, what can you see right here? Well, we can see that you could just draw off the high up there, or in this example, it's gonna be pretty similar. Sometimes the value area is different, but in this example, we have the box, but it's just based on that first candle, okay? So there's two main ways, what were like a couple ways you could trade this? So,
the first way is if the market trades outside of it let's say the market had traded outside of it and you got a breakout now what would have been a breakout well it's the same thing we're talking about everything else so if the market would have traded up here and it started to get accepted here and then it wants to move higher cool long that's fine long up to other areas but we knew on this day it's likely to be bearish so i was looking for sales once the market traded outside of it just like we talked about the box strategy
and we closed back inside of it. That is telling me that buyers in this area are getting faded. And you can also see on ATAS, I'll show you guys a pretty cool little way to use this. You can actually see the volume a little bit better if you zoom in, and you can actually see it on each candle too. Notice how it's breaking down each candle. And we can go into footprints and book map and other tools like that. If you want, leave a comment down below. I'll go into that. But it's all based on the same stuff. It's based on acceptance and rejection and absorption, okay? So if we can see that,
Here's that profile for the first 15 minutes. We came above the value area high. What ends up happening? Okay, the market dips above it, but do we get accepted there? No, the market shoots back down. So all of these traders you see right here are trapped. Okay, so we have the why. We understand the volume profile. Who is wrong in this situation? All these traders up here are wrong, right? So as you see the market starting to move to the downside right here, what happens? All those traders are now trapped. And if these traders are trapped in longs,
they're gonna get out. And if they get out, that's the equivalent of a sell. So it's gonna be like rocket fuel. That's why reversals move very quickly. So if you move outside of that first candle, that first candle's value area, and then you close back inside of it, right there on that candle, you're gonna enter the trade. You're gonna put your stop right at the value area high, and you're gonna look to target the value area low. Now, in this example,
you guys will see that I actually targeted much lower. And the reason I did that was because again, like I told you guys, I don't just take profits. So when the market hit into that low, what was I doing? I was trailing my stops, trailing my stops, trailing my stops. You see literally right here what I'm doing. This is what I was teaching you guys. Now this turned this trade from a small profit to a pretty big profit. And what I'm doing is always just letting my winners run. But I based the entry off of what I just went over here. So we popped out of that value area.
of that first candle we traded back into it now if you miss that entry you got another one so what happened right here we traded outside of it and the market started to give a fake out now this is a trade i would avoid because a lot of people get confused here and they say well you got the same thing right here you close right back in but again context okay we hit into a bearish key level we already had a bearish signal right here i'm not paying attention to longs right now i'd need i would need to get out of this to the upside of trade you know in a long and and again that kind of goes into where we have that macro disagreement i probably wouldn't even take it
But in this example, you see what happened. We traded back outside of this volume or back outside of this value area of that first candle and you close down lower. So right here, that's another trade and you would trade.
and put your stop right here at this value area because you don't want to see us come back into that range and then you would take the same idea you could just take it down lower you can use a lot of different ways to target you can use this macro area and just kind of look to trade into a low volume area you could just use price and trade into lows um you know just main thing though is when you're hitting into a key level just trail up your stops okay so like let's say if you entered in this uh example the way i would have done it
which I was already positioned up here, but let's say I entered right there. Well, I'm going to enter, my stop's going to be up here. And as soon as we're hitting into these levels, I'm going to be moving my stops up. Now you can see that wouldn't have been much of a winning trade. That's okay. It's going to happen. Okay. It's literally going to happen. But as soon as you're hitting into a key level, I'm just going to trail my stops up to that candles high. Now there are other ways you can do this with tools like book map and be a little bit more aggressive, but.
I wanna focus on this for right now. If you guys want a full course on order flow and all that stuff, I can go over that as well. But that's the first candle strategy, okay?
It's very simple. You're just drawing that same exact range. And the reason why these first candle strategies work so well is because you're using time. And when you use time, it's constant. Every day, it's the first 15 minutes. It doesn't change. It never does. If you add a little context in it, it does get more powerful, but you can just trade this on its own. So it's very mechanical, very simple, and very repeatable because the same exact shit every single day. You're not gonna get a trade every day. You're not gonna win every day, but you're gonna have that opening range to use as context, which is something, again, going back to what we talked about.
with what we want to do we want to simplify everything we're doing into a couple things right because you have this vast understanding which gives you conviction because you know what you're doing but you do still need to simplify even myself i'm not trying to look at all these million things and just try to trade off every single one of them i'm trying to create an sop like we talked about with mcdonald's so i'm looking for these two setups when i'm trading based on this logic now guys i want you to go ahead and again if you haven't already download the whole study guide it's gonna have a lot more than just this
but this is the value action daily trading checklist because you need this SOP. So it's gonna walk you through everything you do. You can actually go ahead and check these out. If you download it, you can make copies of it and track it over time. What you could do is really cool is you could track it over time and mark it and then give it to AI and have it track your performance over time. Now we do this with Smart Trader AI in the mentorship, but you could do this with any of the trading tools or any of the AI tools you want.
I'm just gonna make sure you're training it right because it's very important if you're using AI. But it gives you everything from your pre-market routine to execution. And then, which is very important, your review. So what do you do after the close, okay? You wanna ask yourself like, what shape did we form? That's gonna be tomorrow's bias. Did the levels hold, right? If it didn't, why? Did you make a mistake? You need to be doing this because you're not gonna get this perfect, okay? I just wanna be crystal clear. You're not just gonna go into the market and be perfect. You are gonna go into the market with a new perspective that you'll never unsee.
You're going to go into the market looking at this more like a professional trader, but you still have to act like a professional trader and review and get better and try to create this compound effect. Because just like accounts, your learning is going to take hits. Your journey is going to have some downsides, but you have to stay consistent and trust in the long-term vision. And you guys now have the system. So now it's time for you to go out there and kill it and execute. Because now you have an understanding of volume profile.
you have multiple use cases you have a complete step-by-step strategy but what is still going to be hard is staying disciplined when you lose knowing if a loss was actually the strategy or just you doing it wrong and then of course the gap between understanding and actually executing so we've simplified this down into a full routine that you can start trading tomorrow but simple
doesn't mean easy, okay? I don't wanna sell you guys a dream on this being easy, it's not. The strategy is simple, the execution takes work. I've been trading for 10 years, okay? It's not gonna happen overnight. It shouldn't take you 10 years. It took me five to become profitable, but it shouldn't have, right? And looking back, I can tell you exactly what I wish I had. Because I had strategies, I had all the knowledge, and I still lost money for a long time. But there were three things that didn't exist for me back then, which is why I built them. Number one, I always wanted somebody to trade with me.
Because trading is great. You can watch this video. But if you're like me, what I wanted was, I just wanted somebody to sit next to me and say, hey, see that? That's the actual right setup. Or no, no, no, you're missing something. Sit on the trade. Here's why. And the why is important. Again, I keep reiterating that. But which is why I built my mentorship the way I did and why I don't work with a lot of people is because we literally sit there and trade 10 live trading sessions a week. Every single day, New York session. Every single day, London session. We're trading.
Every session is recorded. So if you miss it live, you can watch the replay. It's not going to be some video with, you know, cherry picked examples. It's someone actually trading with you live. You know, if you're trying to learn how to play an interest instrument, you're not just going to read a bunch of sheet music and pick up a fucking guitar and go be a rock star. It's not going to happen. You need to sit there and have a mentor. So this didn't exist for me when I was learning, which is why I built it. And which is why I think all trading education should have this next. I always wanted someone to check the trades I had because I journaled, I did all these things, but.
I didn't really know what I was doing. If you just have a journal that says, hey, you suck at trading, it doesn't really help. Most education is just gonna sell you a course, give you some videos and leave you on your own. That's not education. That's just like giving you a library card and telling you to go learn a skill with a whole library of books. It's actually harder than if you just had one book, right?
So what we do, which is different, we like to review every single trade that you're taking, okay? So we give feedback specific to your trade, specific to your experience level, the same way that a real trading desk would do it. So you submit a trade, take a screenshot, and then you're gonna actually get feedback in our own app where a coach is gonna review it and tell you, hey, this is what you're doing.
you're not doing things correctly and this is why and that way every loss that you take is a lesson and we're actually going to track this over time so you can find the patterns and leverage our ai so you can see patterns that the human eye might not even be able to see and last but not least i always wanted somebody to hold me accountable because you can have the best strategy in the world okay but if nobody's checking what you're doing on the work outside of trades you're gonna fall off
You're gonna skip a week, stop journaling, stop taking this serious, and then you're back on YouTube looking for the next big thing. So we assign a accountability coach to you that has one-on-one DM support that can actually go back and forth with you, pick out what you're doing wrong, and specifically make a plan that helps you overcome the mistakes you have. Now, we can't give you investment advice or any of that. We don't do any of that. We're not financial advisors. We can just help you look at your data in a better way. You get weekly psychology coaching where you'll meet with a psychology coach.
and you get reviews, and we even track your habits outside of the market as well. And if you ghost, we're gonna follow up. So this is what nobody really talks about and what matters most, because most people don't quit because the strategy failed. They quit because nobody noticed they stopped, including them. So we make sure that you're not doing this alone. And these are the three things that I didn't have that would have made my journey much faster and less painful. Now, I wanna be clear that any of the results that I have shown you,
are my results. I've been doing this for 10 years. They're not typical. Okay. Trading is extremely risky and it's not suitable for most people. Past performance that I've done is not indicative of future results. You could lose more than your initial investment. You could lose everything. Trade is trading is very risky. Okay. I'm not sitting here telling you that, you know, you have a guarantee to get rich or any of that. It's anybody who does, it's just not real. Okay.
only trade with money that you can afford to lose so we put this together in the best way possible you have somebody to trade with 10 sessions a week whether you're trading in the london session or new york you have someone to check your work somebody to hold you accountable and everything that we put together into a three pillar system which is strategy feedback and accountability so if you want to apply for mentorship i will leave a link in the top of the description that has the word mentorship next to it we do not work with everybody so you will have to go through and put in an application we do this to make sure that we
have quality assurance across what we do because our traders' results are very, very important to us. And we can't guarantee those results, but we can do everything in our power to help guide you and avoid some of the mistakes that I made. So guys, you have now learned everything there is to learn about the volume profile. Whether or not we work together, I'm rooting for you guys to win. If you guys found value in this video, please subscribe to the channel. Let me know in the comments too. Some of you guys have been here for a while if you like these longer style videos.
where we go deeper. I'm not trying to optimize for retention. I actually love making content like this. It's much more fun. I know it's gonna make an impact on the right kind of people. And it actually weeds out a lot of the wrong people. Because if you're sitting here now, you're one of the few, okay? Like we talked about this earlier. And I know, even as I'm saying this, this graphic holds true everywhere, right? So like, whether it's in this video, when you walk away five minutes in, whether it's a week from now where you quit because the strategy isn't working out overnight, whatever it is,
Try to just choose the, I'm rooting for you to be this guy. Okay. And that goes for life trading and anything. I'll leave a link to subscribe to me on the screen somewhere. And regardless, we work together again, just know I'm rooting for you guys from afar. Much love. And I'll see you guys in the next video.
