I use this stupid simple scalping strategy to grow a trading account from under $10,000 to over $180,000 and I'm about to show you exactly how. It is so stupid simple that even a complete beginner could not mess it up and the best part is it appears every single day. And in this video, I'm going to teach you all three steps and do a backtest to prove to you that it works.
Today, you're going to learn the first candle value strategy. Now, you've seen my results trading this strategy, but the real question is, how can you do it too? Now, I want to be clear that trading is risky. I've been doing this for 10 years and you're not going to have these results overnight. But I believe that with a simple and clear system, anyone, including you, can become a more consistent trader. And that is the goal of this video.
to make consistent profits using a proven and simple strategy in less than 90 minutes per day. You will learn one stupid simple strategy to find your entry, set your take profit, and set your stop loss. That way there's no more guessing, no hoping, just clarity and execution. To do this, we're going to break it into three simple steps. Number one, mark your levels. Two, we're going to use something called a displacement entry.
And three, managing the trade, which is the most important aspect of any strategy. So the plan for this video is to break down each step. Then we're going to go over multiple live examples from the last week of trading. And after, we're going to do a back test to prove that this strategy works. Let's get right into step number one, which is marking our levels. Now I want to be very clear.
we do not take trades unless you have hit one of these levels first you're going to get to your desk right at 9 30 a.m eastern standard time so new york time for this strategy you're only going to use the five minute chart and then you're just gonna wait
for 15 minutes until 9 45 a.m eastern standard time and the reason for this is because we're going to draw a volume profile on the first 15 minutes of the day now you'll probably notice that i am not on trading view i am on a separate charting software called atas x and the reason for this is trading view doesn't have real volume data and atas does so what we're going to do to draw this volume profile is we're going to go over here to the left
and you're going to go to the volume analysis click this drop down and click the volume profile and tpo now next what we're going to do is we're going to go to that 9 30 a.m candle which you can see is right here and then we want to take that candle and we want to start and draw the full range until 9 45. now it's very important make sure you're using the 9 40 5 minute candle because remember
five minutes and when that closes it would be 9 45. i got some comments recently on a video about this so i wanted to clear it up now you'll notice that this volume profile marks some levels so right here we have the value area high and the value area low
Then we have this red line, which is the point of control. So what this shows you is where the real volume was traded in those first 15 minutes. And it gives you better levels than just using the high or the low of those first 15 minutes. So the levels we're going to use for this strategy are that value area high and that value area low, like you see here. But after you've marked this first 15 minute volume profile, that's it.
You've got all of your trading levels for the day. And this brings us to step number two, which is our displacement entry. Now, what we want to watch for to get our entry is very simple. We just need a five-minute candle closure outside of either the value area low or the value area high. So as you notice in this example, this candle closed outside of the range. Now, you might look at this candle right here and think that it did, but remember,
this was part of that range forming so until that candle closed we weren't looking for an entry as you can see right here this candle closed outside of the range so as soon as this candle closes we are good to enter the trade
Now to plot out our risk to reward, meaning how much money we want to risk and to find our target, we're going to go over here to the left. And since we broke through the low, we are going to be selling. So we're going to click a short position tool. Now we're going to place our entry right on the closure of that five minute candle that closed outside of the range. And our stop loss is very simple. We're going to place it just beyond that point of control. Because what this is telling us is that in this first 15 minutes,
the market established what it deemed was fair value, which is the area in between this value area low and the value area high. But we see that sellers aggressively pushed outside of that range and were able to close a candle underneath. So if sellers are in control, we don't want them to lose the point of control, which is that red line. And for our target, it's really simple. We just want to go for a fixed two to one risk to reward.
this means that on our winning trades we make twice as much as we lose when we're wrong as you see this trade only took about 15 minutes to hit the target and that's one of my favorite things about this strategy is that oftentimes these trades move extremely quickly when you're right now we're going to look at some more examples to make sure you really understand this strategy through and through but first i wanted to let you know that i left a link to my free trading community in the description inside you'll find the trades that i'm taking and recaps
the volume profile settings, and how to set up this charting software, and a ton of free education that can help you as a trader. And just so you know I'm not cherry picking the examples, I want you to take a look at the date. Here we're on April 7th, so we're going to go to the very next day on April 8th and put this strategy to the test. But first I want to ask you something important. If you had a proven strategy, are you the type of person to actually stay consistent trading it? Because this, not the strategy itself, is the most important skill that
any profitable trader has and with the strategy this simple you have everything you need in order to become a consistent trader so we're going to follow the same boring repetitive steps and go over here and we're going to select the volume profile and we are going to click 9 30 a.m to that 9 45 remember we're just marking to that 9 40 candle because it's a five minute candle that closes at 9 45 we're then going to wait to see a closure outside the range so if you notice again
This candle doesn't count because it's a part of the range. After that, we're on the clock. Do we get a closure here? No. Does this candle close outside the range? Yes. So at that time, you would then go and enter a short position because remember, if we break the low, we are looking to sell. You would enter on this candle's closure and you want to put your stop loss just beyond that point of control. And then we're going to go for a fixed two to one.
target and on this trade you hit 61 points so that was a little over 1200 per contract and just to put that in perspective this one trade got 61 points of profit meaning you would have had about 1200 if you just traded one nasdaq contract not bad for a less than 90 minute work day if you ask me now let's hop into the next example a couple trading days were kind of dead because there wasn't a setup but
that's what a good strategy does it keeps you out of the market when there isn't a good trade so here we are on monday after the weekend ready to trade at 9 30 a.m eastern standard time so we do the same exact thing every single day and when you realize that trading has structure like this it becomes a lot less stressful and you have clarity on exactly what you're supposed to be doing so we're going to mark this first 15 minutes
very simple and once we have that marked we just wait to see if we get a closure outside of the range and as you can see with this big candle we got exactly that so at that time since we broke the high this time we're going to be going long because we want to buy and buyers are in control so we're going to go ahead and enter the trade right here we're going to take our stop loss and put it right under that point of control because we don't want to be in the trade if buyers lose control and then we're going to take our target and make sure we have a clean two to one
risk to reward and this trade you can see did take a little longer to play out you would have had to wait until 12 30 for your tp to hit but still not bad because this trade had 74 points in profit so you would have had just under 1500 in profit trading one nasdaq contract so now you've learned the full strategy and you saw how it performed over the last week but
In order to have real conviction in this and stay consistent, you need to see real data over a longer duration of time. So let's put this strategy to the test. But first, I want you to pause your screen and take a look at this disclaimer. Now that we've got that out of the way, let's get into the results. So first, let's take a look at the overall equity curve.
As you can see, this strategy did produce a couple little losing streaks, and that's normal with all strategies. It's always going to go into a little bit of drawdown. But overall, as you can see, over 50 trades, it performed extremely well. Now, this backtest was done on an account with $50,000, and it ended up at $79,000. In over 50 total trades, it had a 62% win rate. And as you can see over here with the cumulative P&L, which is what we already went over. Congratulations, you now have a stupid...
simple and proven strategy but if you're anything like me whenever i was coming up as a trader chances are you'll get out to the market when it's time to execute and freeze so instead if you want to trade this live with me
and have every single trade that you take reviewed be directly mentored by me and learn my simplified full system to trading then i'll leave a link at the top of the description to apply for my mentorship now i want to be very clear that not everybody is going to qualify due to the intensive nature of this mentorship but if you do i guarantee that you will become a funded trader in 12 weeks or i will personally trade with you until you do and guys whether you decide to work with me or not i'm still
to be posting tons of free value here on youtube so make sure to subscribe to the channel the mentorship is just if you want me to be right there with you holding your hand and trying to help you avoid the mistakes that i made in my trading career because it took me five years to become profitable and i had tons of access to content online and back then all i wished for was somebody who could have walked me through the process and been there while the market was live and if you want to learn more about the volume profile
I made a full one hour and 40 minute long video that I will leave on the screen for you to be able to click and watch all for free here on YouTube. I go into literally everything there is to know about the volume profile. And thanks for watching the video, guys. Make sure to subscribe and I'll see you in the next one.
