What's up everybody? I'm not sure Give everybody a second to get on the discord And today we're gonna recap this GRT trade is pretty awesome So give everybody a second if you're watching this as a replay go ahead and fast-forward about five minutes in alright, so
Yeah, so first we'll go over this GRT trade. Also, well, actually I forgot already. We're doing a giveaway in Playbit. It's pretty good. I mean, giving away a full quarter. So that's pretty massive. I mean, if you really think about it, how much money could have been made in the last month, even in Playbit. And we've got this trade, numerous trades like this. Just spot trades for those people who don't trade futures. And then obviously we have all the options every day.
The rules to enter, you're going to go to this tweet and I guess it hasn't posted yet for whatever reason. Oh, there it goes. Now it's posted.
Okay, so I'm going to go to this tweet, and we're going to be announcing the winners on Friday. And all you're going to do is retweet it, follow myself, and follow Playbit. Super easy. And for those of you guys who are seeing it on other platforms like TikTok and Instagram, you can just like and comment there and then still retweet. So as you guys know, my home is pretty much Twitter. I am on other platforms, but Twitter is, you know, that's where my heart's at.
that's pretty self-explanatory also um you're gonna get a 50 bucks uh amazon gift card or you can get play bit merch if you'd like but uh
Yeah, so that's that's that now Somebody said hello. What's up guys? Congrats on the crit killer trade. Yeah, thank you. Thank you is super It's a really good explanation a good learning experience for those of you guys who want to learn ICT And specifically the power of three and just showing you that you don't have to execute on a one minute all the time You don't have to get five minute execution to get good risk to reward
you know in this trade specifically all i used was a daily and a four hour and the daily was the entry it was a market entry so we'll look at a naked chart first so let's look at i think that part chart i has why is the grt chart i mean i know grt futures went back other than uh it's big yeah that's why um so it's going to be the header chart so yeah when we're looking at these um weekly
We see that price had came all the way back down from under really any kind of sell side we had and we've just been accumulating there. So if we're looking at this on the weekly as a potential bullish scenario, we're going to look for bullish patterns. So if we're in that context, you know, we're not, we don't want to just buy under old lows, but then if we see something like this, which is a power of three, so we have this consolidation, right, right here. So you just have this range where just traders are getting burnout left and right.
and you know, nobody is, I mean, day traders are able to capitalize, make some money, but we're not seeing those big moves. And you can see the same occurrence happen on a, you know, one minute. You can see it happen on a five minute. You can see it happen on a daily as we're looking at. And the ideology is just that we're getting a consolidation. You know, relative to this timeframe, the daily chart, we're not getting a massive move. Sure, a day trader could have made money here, but relative to this chart, we're getting a consolidation. So that's what all of this right here is.
So after we get a sharp push outside of this range, you see we've engineered a lot of stop loss under here, under here, we get a sharp push, and then we get another consolidation. Now, whenever we are looking at any kind of smart money concepts, liquidity rate, or any kind of manipulation narrative, what we want to see is if there is a liquidity pool, like let's just say here's the low, and we have all these orders down here, and if we're saying the market maker is indeed going to be buying right there,
Well, then we're going to see a sharp push out. We're not going to see it go down there and continuously go down and continuously go down and still be using that same liquidity pool as a narrative. We're going to see it come down here. We might see it hang out a little bit and do the same thing that right here is doing. And then after that, we're going to see a very, very sharp push back into that range. So a lot of people call it false breakouts, power three, whatever you're going to call it.
We just get another consolidation under an old liquidity pool, under an old low, right there and right there. And then once we get that sharp push back into it, you get that displacement into it. That right there is enough to tell me the market is now in distribution. And I'm not talking about YCOP. I mean, it's distributing towards all of these liquidity pools. And you also have this bearish trend line where a lot of people wanted to sell short. They had gotten liquidated. And price, once it's in this mode, we talked about this with the Dash trade that we took.
we'll look at that as well for those you guys who are newer here um this is a trade we took last week in the discord uh power of three videos on one hour so as you can see once you are in this mode where price is uh expanding it is it's expanding it's doing just that it's not going to wait for you it's not going to be you know um you know picture perfect market structure where you come back to premium or to discount every time and get an order but it's not going to do that and the reason for that is it's already
done its purpose price action has already moved down under a liquidity pool market makers have already positioned themselves you know while everybody else was shorting while everybody else was getting stopped out the you know market manipulator whatever you call it composite operator smart money whoever it is they're already in the market here so they have no reason to come back down and continuously see this market structure you're going to see this happen after a sharp push so exactly like this grt trade we look at the daily massive range that lasted
145 days. That's a long, long consolidation. And then another thing that you can add to this is whenever you have a news-induced manipulation. Now, ICT, this is called the Judas Wing, this false movement price. So when we're looking at the daily power of three, and we look at the Asia range, consolidation, during the London Open, we want to see that push down, and then this is going to be your Judas Wing. So the same ideology, and then we see that distribution through the day.
Same ideology is exactly what we have here on the daily chart for GRT. So you can take that same concept and apply it to any time frame. And then we can just target buy-side liquidity pools along the way, and that's exactly what we did. As soon as we got this sharp pushback in the zone, we longed this. This was quite a while ago. It was a swing from the 14th, so it took 24 days to play out. I know that's a really long time for some of you guys, especially... Let me move this chat box on the stream. Hold on.
so you guys can actually see me there you go um so you know
23 days for a crypto swing. A lot of people watching or a lot of people in this community, I think, got started with the ICT 2022 mentorship. They are primarily focused on that. But we've been killing this shit before the bull run was really in full swing in 2020. And this brings back those kind of memories of a nice swing trade in the daily. 100% gain on equity, can't beat that. Yeah, there's going to be people that are looking for 50R, but I don't know about you, but it's nice to just sit back.
and have a double up from whatever you put in the position. And three to one risk reward off a daily is always nice too. And a lot of people I've seen, they say swing trading's hard and I'm just like, I mean, I think swing trading is easier than anything else. You just gotta be patient. There's not as many opportunities. So you gotta watch more pairs. So that's what I've been doing with crypto recently. I mean, we've killed a lot of trades. Filecoin is still kind of chilling out. DYDX, we murdered that, left some runners on this one.
It's another one that dashed, but that wasn't really a swing trade. The cat's in here fucking with something. EGLD is another one at 16% gains. I mean, these aren't going to be, you know, Lambo overnight gains, but if you stack and you position yourself properly in enough positions and you're able to get that passive income while you're day trading other assets like ES, like, you know, stuff we're going to be watching. I haven't looked at this. I've been out of, oh, wow. I wanted this to take the low there.
Okay, it's almost 1240. We got Powell speaking in 25 minutes. So what I wanted to see was a market maker sell. Obviously, we're not getting that into this order block. I still like this level, regardless of the market maker model or not. But we have this range. Go ahead and delete those. We have this range we formed for this week. So if we're talking, again, here's another example of power three. What did I just tell you guys about consolidation, right? And then you're going to get manipulation. Maybe it goes up.
Maybe it goes down. But once you get that Judas swing out of the range, and if you push back into it, you can then target the highs of this range. So you can use that on a daily chart. You can use it with time to try to find the daily power of three using the Asian range and the London Open. Or you can try to find the weekly power of three because we know that if we are going to have a bullish week, that we have a high chance to put in that low on a Tuesday or a Wednesday, and then we push back up. So what would that look like?
accumulation, manipulation, distribution. Forgive the ugly drawings, but you guys get the gist. So the reason I have Monday's logo marked out is because Monday creates a range. And as you can see, this week's a very good example of it. Very clear range, clear cut. So the higher probability setup's gonna come after one of those levels is taken, preferably into a point of interest. So if we look at the four hour and the daily, Haas and the Discord pointed this out to me. We've got a nice volume imbalance that we've tapped into a little bit now.
but got that right there. You can also look at it on both ends. I really don't play the BPRs with volume imbalance as much, but market is in a weird spot right now, so I would wait for one of these sites to get rated. Now, if we get a rate up above this and lower time frame start to shift down, I would be targeting Monday's low. If we get a push under this and then lower time frame shift up, then I would look for Monday's high. It's that simple. Let me look at some of these.
Comments. Appreciate it, gamer. Casper, do you think Powell will shit on the market? He has a way of doing that, doesn't he? I mean, you know, it's... I think it's not a good habit to ever try. Like, to wrap your head around it. Because you might look at it and say, oh, dude, we're kind of bearish. You know, this is... I get this volume imbalance. Oh, dude, Powell's gonna shit on the market. And as soon as it goes up there, you just force a short and it just blasts you. Because, you know, it doesn't take much.
to to get real volatile whenever he has the microphone so my advice is just wait like i won't be entering a trade while he's speaking um especially with uh funded accounts you got to remember these funded accounts you know they like to you if they can unless you've been a profitable trader for a long time like if you're on a challenge yeah trade during news they're gonna destroy you a slippage if they can oh it was just slippage meanwhile have these funded firms they're not even you're not even trading real money
But they'll say it's slippage. It's a fucking joke. But you've got to be careful with that because, you know...
Like I saw somebody on Twitter recently, they were talking about like some broker was a scam because they got liquidated or something because of slippage. And I'm just like, I mean, you may not, you may be wrong or right. I don't know, but you already know that. So why the fuck would you put yourself in that position? You know, I don't get it. Um, back said common cast for a W. Hell yeah. I appreciate it. ICT approved hat. Oh, that's fucking foul. That's funny. Somebody else was making fun of this hat.
look i saw it at the the new balance store and it was nice little nice little cop man says the new balance hat for me um yeah nzd cad i got you cad i haven't looked at this in quite a while let me look at the discord and make sure questions um that sounds over leveraged as
Literally like they apparently they said they were risking 2R and got liquidated and I was like fuck I don't know how the fuck that happened but
We had like the NZD CAD recently. So this is gonna go down to a discount. I'd be pretty positive of that So the reason I say that is if you look we took out this high I mean if you don't go lower but low hanging fruit would be this sell side right there and the reason being is this this leg you move very aggressively right into this high and then now you've gotten the beginning of smart money reversal if you really kind of got it already because you look it's not the the most picture-perfect right up here But we have a strong candle
We have this panel right here close above this high so I'd look at that as the order block price kind of traded into it taking out these highs and Now we saw the displacement to the downside so you could either To be honest, I would watch this handle right here if you get that high
I would classify that as a high value order block. We took liquidity and closed above with that candle in the middle of a bearish narrative. So, you know, I would look at that as a point of interest. You know, smart money is probably involved there. So if we get up that high, you know, you can also look at maybe something in here. We got a four hour. The reason I picked that as a breaker block in a fair value gap, but we can probably refine this in a four hour.
Not as the breakers I mean you could I guess with here because we took these stops, but that's not a high-value area You probably pay attention more to like right here
And this this also lines up at that level so I wouldn't necessarily try to long this back up because they might not come up You know what I mean? But if these lows are all preserved Especially for running this and that would be a very good setup. You know if we just consolidated here Moved up and if you get some kind of reversal zone here or in that order block, I would be targeting all these levels And again, that's just based off of the fact we took the daily high we have a very massive range liquidity in a
premium front running equilibrium and for any discount. Also looks like there's gonna be a weekly breaker under that. And see, I just want you guys to notice something. So like when I'm looking at this, when I see this over here,
I know that's going to be a weekly breaker. It's not a breaker on this timeframe, but I know that this move up, it takes out liquidity and then we get this massive push down. That is going to be a breaker on the weekly. And you can look at this one as well, but this is the more full-bodied candle. So I would be watching this and you've also got a fair value gap in between it. So, you know, a lot of reason to go down. I wouldn't be trying to long this up here. I would be more focused on trying to find a sell and I would be doing it
at this area. And another thing we can look at on the daily, we want to look at the impulse move. And if you're asking why I picked this, I mean, did we move that impulsively off this? No. Did we move that impulsively off this? No. Can we move impulsively off this? Yes. So I'll take this and I will put it to my OTE settings. If you look, that order block is right tucked into optimal trade entry.
So, you know, a lot of value in that area. You know, I actually, I don't even trade Forex. I don't think I've ever traded this pair live. But I'll set a lot for this just because I like to set it that much. So this would be one for me. I would just wait for it. I wouldn't try to trade it up into it. But, you know, if it gets there, I'll watch a 15 minute. I would want like at least a 15 minute reversal. That's NZD CAD. So,
Chats Boston today
Can I explain why I don't scalp crypto? I mean if you define like what I define as scalping as being in a trade for You know seconds to a couple minutes and I just don't see why anyone would do that instead of scalping like the stock market I just don't see it. It doesn't make any sense to me and it's not to say it doesn't work, but it's just like Like let's say you had Two stores right next to each other and one of them sells a drink
for two dollars and one of them sells it for four dollars where are you going to go shop yeah that's the same concept that i look at trading scalping uh crypto against scalping um indices it just doesn't it makes no sense to me um but i mean it does work i i just prefer swing trading with crypto where i do a lot better i'm my time's freed up i'm not sitting there watching the charts and i'm able to you know the days that i do decide to day trade i'm focusing on uh es
vermont primarily and i watch it i watch other things but es is i started venturing off into forex day trading with eu we did well i mean we had um
two wins in like two weeks up EU but it was just to me I do I'm more consistent yes yes is like I know like the back of my hand I trade a lot so it it's just better for me to build that relationship in that narrative with that one chart so you're more in tune with it then if you had been you know trying to kind of watch ten charts at once now what's the daily structure on GU
let's take a look so you know structure i'm actually releasing a video on structure on thursday but uh maybe tomorrow i haven't decided for sure yet but um you know with structure there's a lot of different ways to look at you know what i mean a lot of people are going to say um you know just you know here's highs and lows
Yeah, and then some people are gonna require that, you know, they might say every single one of these is a high and a low high and a low high and a low high low You know I mean
there's different ways that strong high where, you know, you have to have a, you know, a new low to create. Like, let's just say if you had all this, oops, say if you had all this, you know, some people are going to only mark external structure. The way that I like to approach structure is with displacement and keep in mind of the external structure. And I'm going to go more in depth tomorrow in that video or Thursday whenever it gets released. So I'll save that for then. But for this example, I would look at this like the most recent displacement was down.
We took out a pool of buy-side liquidity, have a nice order block right here. Price did exactly what you'd want it to. And if you're wondering, why am I picking this order block? It's because we closed above this high and a couple other things. I go over that in depth. We did that class on the Discord recently. But we closed above that level, took out buy-side liquidity into a price delivery array. And then now we got a displacement out of it. Price returns up.
It looks like it pipped that high again or came very close to pipping it and then massive move down. So the current range I would be working in if I was a day trader would be something like this. And I would be looking at this as a draw on liquidity. So if I'm looking at this as a draw, it's more or less how am I going to get involved or will I be able to get involved? If this is the draw on the daily, I still think we can make a move up before down. So we've got a fair value gap.
Right here, and I think that you if you're going to reverse it's going to be in this gap and not going to be up here And you might not get a premium price here, but we have this push down I would really be watching price anywhere Above this high for a potential reversal into this low Now partial you could take out at this order block right here. But again, I think the daily is moving down towards that low
So if you look at it, okay, we came up, price is making higher highs, higher lows, displacement down. Price comes up, consolidates an old area of interest, displacement down. So I don't view this order block here or the four-hour order block as that valuable because it did its job, which was to get back up here. It wasn't to take up the highs, obviously. Now, I will say that you are engineering a ton of liquidity above those highs. So that's something to keep in mind.
But on the weekly you know to me it looks pretty clear that we I can see it's taking this and preserving that for later That's what I would look at on GU Evan s. How do I join the discord? So you could just use Casper the link is in the description you can use Casper start a free trial Make sure it's a good fit for you or if you want it you can go and enter this giveaway So do that a damn it's Boston. Yeah, you could go ahead and do that if you want That's a way to get in you get four months for free if if you do
if you win so if you're a lucky guy test your luck but um yeah casper dropped some calls g we've been feasting lately it's been nuts uh as far as crypto goes i mean it's just been like as playboy used to say lottery in slow motion it's been pretty nice i think we've taken we took a loss on mkr and bitcoin longs and um so far i think those are the only two losses we've taken in a couple weeks with quite a few wins um
Dash was a nice one six are and they've been satisfying traits, too. That's that's the thing I like like do IDX was just like 75 gain percent gain in like five days Dash was another That was another super satisfying one It's like it was just chilling until it wasn't it just went and it's just like consolidating on our entry Boom, just fucking full TV. I'd love to run around this and the do IDX trade
Do I consider a volume imbalance fully closed after a candle close above, or do I keep it in mind for the future? You can always keep it in mind for the future. I think any level can be recapitalized except a fully filled fair value gap. That goes for breakers, order blocks, any of that. I still pay attention to all that later on. Now, more so in the high timeframes, you know what I mean, than the low timeframes. But for instance, a volume imbalance, if we came up and just even wicked into this,
um and got a nice reaction i wouldn't be watching it as much but you know you still want to see that you're going to see a bar push through that at some time so whether it's right now and you get a nice close through it or you wake up and then dump down you know at some point you can reference back to that my guy what's up johnny oh he said i found it never mind evan okay i guess i was late
um what you think about vthor equity i mean that play i mean honestly i know that oh this shit's going crazy that went fucking crazy and vthor um back in the last bull run i was sick that i didn't get vthor so i'll take a look
See, I mean, I will say this looks good. Oh, just just at a first glance and I'll tell you the reason why so again, look at that Insolidation push down and now I aggressive push back up So let's look at a monthly and look where we're at or in this month the order block right here You didn't touch touch the body. You can also look at this as a monthly order block Daily chart we're looking at a daily
kind of similar to grt right we've got a range a lot of liquidity built up here i mean there are everybody is shorting is like we are not getting above this level look how it got rejected and you know i mean that's a long shot but i wouldn't you know count it out so i think this one is actually um just now kind of starting so you guys are getting good like if you close a day like this or two days i mean i'm i'd be i'd be deep in this
This looks really good actually So if you close a nice, you know big body candle like this or two even I mean that that point I would be targeting like you're gonna call me crazy, but I'd be targeting high That's massive. But again, you know a lot of times when you say that and it's like, oh, did you're fucking crazy? Yeah, like I thought the same thing when I was mapping out GRT 104% and two weeks, you know, I mean, so just just trust the chart No, don't think anything is out of the ordinary because it's crypto shit happens
Can I explain again what the blue block means? So, sorry, I'm probably a little late on that. If you could type again that question. I'm sorry, um, wonkly. Oh, breakers. Oh, an adult leaky, it looks like. Okay, so a breaker is basically, um, if you have a, let's say if you have a liquidity pool right here, and price goes up, and it makes these, you know, big energetic candles up. And let's just say this is one big up candle.
right or what actually let's do like this well no that'll be a good example and i'll show a live example too and then you have a big push down right and takes out all these lows but maybe you just get a wick right here and price comes back up and disrespects that order block that is looked at as a breaker and you will um push off that and oftentimes it will prevent fair value gaps from getting filled so let's look at some examples of a breaker let's go to like a yes or something a little bit more orthodox
So like an example of a breaker would be right here. Went a little deeper, so it's probably a higher time frame. If you look at four hours, do that. So right there. So see how this was the last candle before we came down and took out these lows? And then probably just push right through it.
Bam and then off to the races so that that would be a good example of breaker box Think about breakers. I will say is you got to be very Confident correct in your bias to use them because not every single candle that is a failed order block is a breaker block That's a common mistake. I see a lot of people make is they just look at like every single candle that is Like for instance like right here a lot of people are priced out breaker block and then you see what happens. I mean you have massacred
So you gotta understand where you're at in the market and why the market would put a breaker there. Why is the market taking those stops? You have to be, it's all about context. Everything is about context. Johnny said, proud of you. Hell yeah, I appreciate it, man. News in a few minutes on indices. What's this calling me? Hold on one second. Anyway, sorry about that, guys. DXY about to move. Why am I on NZDCAD? Because someone asked for it, bro.
Obviously, we're not trading right now. What's DXY doing, speaking of? Yeah, so this is the order block I've been waiting on. I was watching this weekly triple balanced price range, but this order block has my attention, too, because it came up, took liquidity, and pushed down. Now, DXY is at a weird spot where we just took out this liquidity, and we could definitely see higher pricing. So we also have this fair value gap that has been tapped into, and we have a weekly breaker on here, so bye.
could see uh some upwards moving on dxy into this high but again i'll be watching this level um you know you guys know me that have been around here for a while i just like stepping stones because you know for eis and most markets that i'm watching dxy to correlate with i'm more concerned about the next area that we're going to not the forecasting the entire market for the next two months um i'm more uh let's blow me up i'm more um
More interested in like, you know, what's our next target because you know, let's just say if we are gonna go all the way up here Well, I mean the market can come up here into this area Maybe reverse a little bit when it's fair about you got and then push up and you know what I mean? And you know, maybe you said oh, we're gonna come up here now and you missed this you missed that you missed that just because you're trying to forecast too much so Again, it's about finding levels. We are likely to see a reaction at waiting for a reaction and reacting If we get a reaction trade if we don't don't trade
So I would be watching this level coming into that that news starting at five minutes Well, I will probably watch that we'll just kick off the rest of the stream with that. So I'll try to kill these questions really quick Neckline or double top or can be hold on scalp nice or GJ Tell us the history you get with play bit
I mean play bit is where I got my start like trading full-time. So I joined play bit and 2020 and I had gotten into crypto a little before that because I was part of the 2016 run and That was where I really started to trade like futures and leverage products and yeah, I mean play that's fucking great That's where I got my start as a professional trader and I fucking love it. It's just that's community out there hands down
USD JPY, already in it short. We had to buckle up. This is about to get, might get volatile here in a minute. UJ got a nice reaction at this weak level right at equilibrium. I think somebody was talking about this in the Discord this morning. I saw this right here. And we talked to this a little bit. I think it already hit the target that we were talking about in the Discord. Let me go back. I'll pull it up really quick. There's a forex chat, maybe.
They are asking this right here, so this was
Yeah, USD JPY we're talking about this could be a potential market maker model off that by side And this was kind of the second entrance, you know, I ended up playing out Yeah, I got pretty nice right there was that was we're talking about it and we were talking about targeting these lows so that already played out on the short I mean You could definitely keep going but I mean you got to be mindful you're in this gap and you know Price seems to be reacting out that fair body gap, but I just follow your plane whatever it is. Just be ready about one minute
uh pal start speaking so uh yeah i'm gonna stream pal he's straight you you tagged casey decrypto now i see it now you ate off the gap oh you ate up the gap film so what do i think of the next move that was like 12 minutes ago but i'm just now seeing it i would say i mean you know you got a shift here this is pretty i would say this is a displacement so you know i would be weary of this fair value gap right here right so and you can also
do this standard deviation you know really already you know you you could see a push higher off this so i mean you never know it's weird how it lines up exactly what i know what i did is i just measured the breakaway gap to the measuring gap and take it pick your poison i mean i would say usd jpy is more bullish than bearish but i would watch it in this fair value gap you know i'll actually set an alert for that as well and this would be a nice hedge against any kind of equity if this did uh did play out
So Powell's about to speak. Let me see if there's any questions I can answer quickly, and then we'll hop over to J-Pow. Would I trade in my funding account while the speech is going on? No. Absolutely not. As far as the stuff, guys, Bitcoin overview, I'll do it insanely fast. And then oil, we'll do it daily chart only. So Bitcoin, not much has changed. I'd watch this fair value gap. Overall target, 25K. Crude oil.
bearish overall but you took out this low i would say drawn liquidity is this high 78 bucks so let's go ahead and get to something oh here it is so i'll go ahead and
Okay, thank you. So, as I think everybody knows, our special guest is the chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, who has now completed five years as chairman, as of days ago, your fifth year, and now been on the Fed Board for almost 12 years. So, Jay, thank you very much for being here. And why don't we start with an easy question. So, you made a speech last week commenting on the FOMC's decision to raise the Fed discount rate by...
a small amount, relatively speaking, 25 basis points. Some people would say that was small. But at the time, it wasn't clear that the jobs report would be as strong as it turned out to be subsequently. Had you known that the jobs report was going to be as strong, would you have done 25 basis points or something different?
David, thank you for that question, and thank you for inviting me here today. It's great to be here. So we don't get to play it that way, unfortunately. We have to, but I'll take it this way. So the message we were sending at the FOMC meeting last Wednesday was really that the disinflationary process, the process of getting inflation down, has begun, and it's begun in the goods sector, which is about a quarter of our economy.
but it has a long way to go these are the very early stages of disinflation so the services sector really except for housing services pardon me is not really showing any any disinflation yet so our message really was this process is likely to take quite a bit of time it's not going to be we don't think smooth it's probably going to be bumpy and so we think that we're going to need to do further rate increases as we said and we we think that we'll need to hold policy
at a restrictive level for a period of time. Then comes the labor market report for January. And it's very strong. It's certainly stronger than anyone I know expected. And so, but I would say, we didn't expect it to be this strong, but I would say it kind of shows you why we think that this will be a process that takes a significant period of time. The labor market's extraordinarily strong.
And by the way, it's good, it's a good thing that inflation has started to come down without, that has not happened at the cost of a strong labor market. So, and of course, since then, labor market, sorry, financial conditions have tightened significantly since then. So, let me ask it another way.
So, by the way, when the numbers coming out, the job numbers, 519,000 jobs, does anybody call you up in the government and give you a little heads up, this is going to happen, or they never do that? So on some data, sometimes we get data just the night before, and it's only me, only me. But not on all pieces of data. It's a very small amount of data, and we get it just the night before. For example, if we were going to get a big piece of data in the middle of an FOMC meeting,
as often happens on the day of an FOMC meeting, it will help me to know it the night before. Okay, so the markets, after your speech last week, the markets assumed that, therefore, there would probably be another 25 basis point increase in your next FOMC meeting. Was that a bad assumption by the markets? So, again, what we said at the meeting was...
was that we anticipate, is what we said, that ongoing rate increases will be appropriate. And the reason is we're trying to achieve a stance of policy that is sufficiently restrictive to bring inflation down to 2% over time. And we don't think we've achieved that yet. So we said that, and now you see the labor market report, and I think, again, financial conditions are more well aligned with that than they were before. So the assumption...
when you made your speech was that probably the Fed might even consider decreasing rates by the end of this year, and the markets no longer assume that. You think the markets are wrong?
Well, so let me say, all of these numbers that we're throwing around here are conditional on incoming data and what happens. So we never say this is what we think will happen. We make a tentative forecast, and then we let the data come in. For example, if the data were to continue to come in stronger than we expect, and we were to conclude that we needed to raise rates more than is priced into the markets or than we wrote down at our last group of forecasts in December,
then we would certainly do that. We would certainly raise rates more. Okay. So today, for people who aren't familiar with the FOMC, who actually is on the FOMC? So the U.S. Central Bank consists of a board of governors here in Washington. There are seven governors. Those governors are nominated by the president and confirmed by the Senate, and we serve terms that are not synced up with the election cycle. So we're independent.
There are also 12 reserve banks around the country, which have a degree of independence. So each reserve bank is led by a president who works there full-time. All 12 of them sit on the FOMC. So that's 19 people sit on the FOMC. So it's quite a large committee, of which 12 vote in any given year. The reserve bank presidents vote on a rotating basis, except New York, which votes every year. So when you vote, do you vote at the beginning of an FOMC meeting and then just...
kind of have discussions afterwards, or do you wait to the very end and then you vote? No, we vote at the end. I mean, the FOMC meeting process takes, you know, more than a full week. I'm talking to all of the participants, all 18 other ones, and staff has sent around memos, and there's something called the Teal Book, which is the staff's assessment of the, you know, of the economy and international economy and monetary policy and all that. Then we have an extensive discussion on the morning of the first day about the economy. Everybody talks about that.
On the second day, we talk about monetary policy, and then we vote on monetary policy around noon on the second day. So does the chairman of the Federal Reserve Board speak first and say, here's what I think, or does he wait until the end and say, well, thanks for what you think, but let me tell you what I think? What do you do? First or last? Different chairs have done it different ways, and so I've tended to do what my media predecessor did, I think. Well, this is what I do. I speak last.
on the sort of the economic go around so everyone else talks about what they think about the economy and in their district for example if they're reserve bank president and i listen to all that and then i give my comments at the end and i kind of sum up what people have said and then i speak first on monetary policy okay so you've said the inflation rate target is two percent um but why two percent and not three percent three percent you know could be tolerable really i mean most for most of
organized history three percent is considered okay why do you want two percent so two percent is the global standard and that is our objective two percent piece as measured by the pce index and that's just that's not something we're looking at changing that isn't going to change it's that's not going to change not going to change no but okay so you need to get the two percent and your goal to get there is by what period of time
Would you like to get there? Well, we say that we're using our tools to get there over time. If you look at our forecasts, we expect 2023 to be a year of significant declines in inflation, and it's actually our job to make sure that that's the case. But I would tell you that, you know, with inflation, headline PCE inflation is running about 5%. This is on a 12-month basis. Core is running at 4.4. My guess is it will take certainly into not just this year, but...
next year to get down close to two percent okay so two percent is firm that's you're not going to get off that yes okay so the theory of raising interest rates is that it will decrease economic activity and increase unemployment but you've been increasing interest rates for a while and unemployment is now at a record low so what's wrong with the theory why is unemployment not going higher
The labor market is strong because the economy is strong. And as I mentioned, it's a good thing that we've been able to see the beginnings of disinflation without seeing the labor market weaken. It's just that there's a lot of demand for workers. In fact, if you look at the supply of workers versus demand for workers, demand for U.S. workers is now more than 5 million greater than the available supply. And the available supply consists of
people who were either working or actively looking for a job so this this is this was not the case before the pandemic the pandemic really had a significant left a list lasting mark so far on labor supply in the united states labor force participation rate came down and there now is a shortage of workers and it it feels it almost feels more structural than cyclical so that that's a that's a significant issue now you've resisted i think saying what unemployment rate would be acceptable
to you, I think, but is there an unemployment rate that you think would moderate inflation such that you would tolerate unemployment at 4%, 5%, 6%? I guess I think about it this way. Get on with those questions. We have two goals that Congress has assigned us, maximum employment and price stability. Price stability, as we've agreed, is 2% inflation. Maximum employment means if you want a job, you can get one.
So right now, the labor market is at least at maximum employment, but many would say that it is out of balance with more demand than there is supply. So what we're trying to do is get inflation down. We're not targeting a different unemployment rate. We're trying to use our tools to get inflation to come down over time. In hindsight, would you say that when COVID hit the economy and we injected $5 trillion of fiscal policy into the economy,
And the Fed did quantitative easing and other related things, kept interest rates very low. Would you say in hindsight that was a mistake or was the right policy at the time? So I think you have to go back to the decisions that were made in real time. And it was something nobody had ever seen. The global economy came to a virtual standstill. People were talking about depression. People were talking and we didn't think we had no idea when we would get vaccines that worked.
So Congress took very strong measures, and we took very strong measures. And you see where the economy is. You've got a very, very strong labor market, but you have high inflation. As I mentioned, we're at the beginning of getting that down. If you look around the world, though, at other countries, they're also experiencing high inflation, including countries that didn't do as much as we did, either from a fiscal or monetary standpoint. So that tells you, though, that a big part of this inflation is actually
related to the pandemic itself, the shutdown and then the reopening. That's a big part of it. Now, the quantitative easing program has increased the balance sheet, I guess, of the Fed. And what is your balance sheet now? I think it's $8.4 trillion. You must sound like you know. 8.4 trillion. That was yesterday's number. Okay. All right. 8.4 trillion. What would you like it to get down to over the next year or two? Is there some lower number?
So we are in the process of shrinking the balance sheet actively, actually passively, I should say. So what happens is as Treasury securities on our balance sheet mature up to a cap, a monthly cap, the balance sheet shrinks in that amount. Same thing with mortgage-backed securities as they are prepaid. So the balance sheet is shrinking. In terms of the target level of it, we haven't put a specific dollar number on it. The idea is we're in a regime of ample reserves. Reserves are...
basically deposits at the at the reserve banks and when we get close to that level where we feel that we're reserves are ample kind of where we were before the pandemic then we'll slow down and we'll sort of test where we are but it'll be a couple of years we think till we get to that level the fed does not uh sell securities it waits for them to mature and then you just uh cash them in right you don't you're not in the market selling securities that are not yet mature is that correct
That is correct. It's also correct, though, that we've said we would consider sales of mortgage-backed securities, but I will tell you that's not something that is on the list of things being actively considered. So are some people that are worried about the federal debt limit and that we might not be able to extend it on time? We have $31.4 trillion of debt. Are you a little worried about the debt limit not getting extended? So the debt limit is really...
something for the fiscal authorities to deal with the fed our only role in this is that we're that we're the fiscal agent of the treasury department we're not a policy maker on that and i will just say this this can this really can only end one way and that is with congress raising the debt ceiling in a timely fashion so that the u.s can pay all of its bills when it has due that's what has to happen and if that doesn't happen no one should think that the fed has the ability to shield the financial markets or the economy
from the consequences of moving too slow. So you don't have any program in place ready to go if, in fact, the debt limit isn't passed in time. This is something that Congress has to deal with. And the so-called trillion-dollar gold coin solution is not one you're in favor of, I guess. As I said, this ends in only one way, and that way is Congress voting to raise the debt ceiling so that the U.S. can pay all of our bills. Okay. In terms of consultation...
um do you consult regularly with the treasury secretary or the head of the national economic council or the president united states how do you kind of relate to the administration for a long long time you know 60 or 70 years there i think there's been a weekly breakfast or lunch with the treasury secretary and the fed chair and that's what i've had with with uh treasury secretaries that i've had as fed chair i've also had a regular or call it irregular lunches with the head of the nec
We also have regularly scheduled lunches with the Council of Economic Advisors. And that's really the institutional structure of our contacts with the administration. So in the way the Fed works today, if you could reconstruct the operations of the Fed, would you change the legislation in any way? Would you think the Fed operates in a way that's as efficient as you can realistically operate?
We're not looking for any changes to the Federal Reserve Act. I mean, I think it does work. The structure that I discussed earlier where you've got the 12 Reserve Bank presidents coming in, what that assures, really, it institutionalizes diversity of thought. So we get different people coming in who've got different backgrounds, different careers, and they think different ways. And I think that's enormously beneficial to our decision-making process. So there has been discussion recently about the Fed, some Fed members.
Fed board presidents selling their securities and maybe not doing everything they were supposed to do in terms of disclosing it. What have you done to fix that process? We put a new system and a new set of rules in place, which I think are best in class for a public institution like the Fed. And, you know, the innovations were that if someone wants to
Sell something that they own or buy something they have to clear that in advance with with staff at the Board of Governors And then you've got to wait 45 days for that to execute also you can't own individual stocks and They're there you can only do these you can only authorize these transactions or execute them during specific times And it's you know, it's it's a and we just go of course all of these are Disclosed if your if your idea is to go to trade things
buy and sell them because you think you know you think this stock is cheap and that kind of thing that's just not something that will work so what is the salary of the chairman of the federal reserve board
It's around $190,000, I believe. Okay, so you live on the $190,000. If you need to sell something, what do you do? You have to clear it for 45 days? That's right. We have family expenses, if we have them, that exceed my salary, then we have to sell an asset. Do you think that's a fair salary for the job? I do, yes. Okay, so today...
How do you coordinate with central banks, let's say, in England or Japan or China? Do you have regular conversations with them about what they're doing? We do. And I meet six times a year in Switzerland with the heads of many, many central banks, even the small and medium-sized ones in Basel at the Bank for International Settlements. In addition, among the major central banks, I have regular dialogues going with...
Most of them and so we we're talking though about is really what's happening In the economy and how are you thinking about policy and that kind of thing? It's very important that that we keep those discussions going because particularly in a crisis You're gonna need to know each other and you're gonna need to know you're gonna be able to trust each other and do you think the US economy is pretty much in control of its own inflation rate or their Events outside the United States like what China is doing or the Ukraine war that are affecting inflation
and make you nervous about where inflation might be going. We have the tools. The Fed has the tools to achieve our 2% goal over time. But inflation in the United States is, of course, very closely related to things that happen here, including the balance between supply and demand. It's also affected by, for example, commodity prices that are really set on the global markets. You know, oil and many agricultural commodities are priced globally. So there are certainly it's an integrated.
global economy and global markets and we you know we are part of that so you get data from all the various government agencies but do you ever use anecdotal things like you go to the supermarket you see prices are high and say this price is high or how do you get you ever get anecdotal things or people ever call you up or friends and say by the way you should do this or that do you ever get that kind of information or do you only get it from the government reports
I mostly get data, but I will say I do believe that anecdotal information is very useful. And one of the things the reserve banks are great at is all 12 of them have big operations where they talk to businesses and nonprofits, universities, every sector of the country and the economy. And they bring that back to the FOMC meetings and they talk about what they're seeing. Because often...
You know, staring at data is great, but you need to have a story. And I think hearing the stories that people tell, it does help me to sort of, you know, assess what's going on out there. So as the chairman of the Federal Reserve, there's obviously an important job. How do you reduce the stress level you have? I mean, you can't be watching economic numbers all the time. So what do you do to relieve the stress other than interviews like this?
You know, the usual things. I read pretty light fiction, detective and spy fiction. I exercise as much as I can. As you know, I like to ride my bike. I play the guitar. I play music. Is that safe, riding a bike? You know, dangerous? It's safe if you stay on the bike. You're good at that. That's what I try to do. You still play the guitar? I do. I do, yeah. Your hair is awfully short for playing the guitar. Don't you need longer hair?
Were your hair longer when you were younger? It's too gray, too. Okay. So let me ask you about the issue of what it's like to be chairman of the Fed. You can't go have regular friendship kind of dinners or meetings. People treat you much differently, I assume, than they used to, right? When you go to a restaurant, are people listening to what you're saying or something like that?
I have always thought that my jokes were funny, David. But, no, so, yes, it's, I've never been a public figure before like this, and it's very different, but, you know, it's a great honor to serve. But, yeah, when you go in public places, you have to be very careful about what you do. And does the President of the United States ever call you with any advice, or you don't, does President Trump ever call you, or does President Biden ever call you, or? Well, I think it's a matter of public record that...
President Trump did use to call me from time to time. What did he call you? No, I haven't had that kind of, I haven't gotten any calls from President Biden. Okay, so the biggest challenge you have now is being able to keep a straight face, not telling people what you're going to do in the future, and look at the data and then come up with the right solution, right?
That's mostly it. I think the biggest challenge we face at the Fed is completing the process of getting inflation down to 2%. And what I want to point out is that we're seeing disinflation in the goods sector. We expect to see it in the housing services sector. And these are the three parts of the core PCE inflation index that we look at. There's 56% of the economy, which is the rest of the services sector. It's the biggest part, obviously.
And we're not seeing disinflation there yet. And that's going to take some time. And we need to be patient. And we think we're going to need to keep rates at a restrictive level for a period of time before that comes down. So when you made your speech the other day when you talked about the Fed discount rate, you used the word disinflation 11 times. Not that I'm counting, but 11 times. So you were saying that disinflation is beginning to appear. Would you use that word 11 times again today after the jobs report? Or would it be less?
inclined to use that word so much.
I might use the, I might say, I would certainly use the word disinflation, yes, which means declining inflation, and I would call it declining inflation, too. And today, what about the debt, total debt of the United States, which produces some inflation, 31.4, leaving aside the debt limit, are you worried about the total indebtedness of the United States producing inflation, or you don't think that's a big problem? Yeah, it's not the level of debt. I would say, the thing I'd say about the level of debt is really...
First of all, it's not the Fed's job, but I would say that we're on an unsustainable fiscal path at the federal government level. That has been the case for some time, and it's something we will have to deal with. It's better to deal with it sooner rather than later. Now, many of your predecessors were economists. You were trained as a lawyer. So they spoke in what I call Fed speak, which is to say incomprehensible economic...
language, which was done intentionally, I think, sometimes they would say. So you tend to speak in English. Is that a bit of a plus, you'd say, when you're dealing with members of Congress so they can understand what you're saying? I'd like to think so. You know, I think it's a real priority to engage a lot with Congress. In our system of government, unlike the parliamentary system, our accountability is to the legislature. It's to the Senate and the House, and particularly the two oversight committees, Senate Banking and House Financial Services.
I think it's very important that we respect that and explain what we're doing and listen to their concerns and share with them how we're thinking about things. And I think they appreciate that. But that is, you know, we have this precious independence. We can't be removed from office. We serve these long terms. The other side of that has to be accountability. And the way for us to get accountability is to be as transparent as possible and try to reach, you know, the people of the United States through their elected representatives.
This is a very high priority, and we're going to keep doing it. So when you testify in front of Congress, how much time does it take to prepare for that? Is that a one-hour preparation session, or is it a one-day session, or a one-week session? You know, these are supposed to be monetary policy hearings under the Humphrey Hawkins Act, and they're actually on anything that's any political issue. So it's quite extensive. You have to prepare for everything that the Fed is involved in and many things that the Fed is not involved in.
So it's a lot of preparation. So when you get questions from some members, you have to bite your tongue and say, why are you asking a question like that? Or you never have that problem? That never happens. Never happens. OK. OK. All right. Well, good. So today, as you look at the country's economy, what is the biggest worry you have about inflation? Is it just that the fiscal policy is not completely under control? We have exogenous events outside. What is your biggest worry about inflation today?
Well, it's kind of what I was saying earlier, which is we're just at the beginning of this process, right? Goods inflation. So we need that process to continue. The whole thing began, inflation began with people not being able to buy services instead of buying goods, and then global supply chains collapsing. And so you couldn't get goods, and prices of goods went up, and that's where it started. But that is now starting to get better as supply chains are improving and as people are rotating their purchases back to services.
You move on, though, we're not seeing it yet in housing services, which is either rent or the ownership, the imputed costs of house ownership. But we expect to see that. So we need that to happen. That's another big part of the economy. It's got to come. It should come in the second half of this year. Then the biggest piece of it, and what I worry about the most, is when are we going to see disinflation or declining inflation in core services X housing?
So that's what I worry about. The last thing I worry about is just another exogenous event. It's a risky world out there, you know, with the war in Ukraine and the reopening of China. And, you know, those are things that can affect our economy and the path of inflation. Right. So the balloon was not your worry, though. You don't care about the balloon. It's not within our ambit. Okay. So today, the Federal Reserve gets data from all over the country.
Are you convinced that you get the best data, you have the best data collection methods, or do you think it's not as modern as what Wall Street gets?
So most of the data that we get are just the same. We don't collect the data on unemployment or inflation or most things. So most of that's just government data, and a lot of that's, for example, very high quality. The labor market data is very high quality. What we get, which I think is better and different from what everybody else gets, is what I mentioned earlier, and that is the reserve banks putting together the beige book. Yeah, the beige book. Putting together the beige book.
And also coming in and, you know, sharing the anecdotes and, you know, what they're hearing, what's happening with each district is different. You have agricultural districts and energy districts. And so that, I think, I think our anecdotal but also just the haul of information we get through that network is, I don't think anybody else has that. So do you consult regularly with some of your predecessors? I mean, obviously one is Secretary of the Treasury now, but Ben Bernanke, for example, or?
I do. I talk to former Chairman Bernanke. I talk to, you know, Secretary Yellen. I still talk to Alan Greenspan now and again. And when you're dealing with your colleagues on the Fed board and you disagree with them, do you say, look, I'm the chairman of the Fed. I am the person who has to make the final decision, and this is what we should do? Or you don't quite do it that way?
It's a process of reaching agreement, and I hear what people have to say. I tell them what I think, and then I'm the one who has to bring a proposal in front of the full committee, not just the board, in front of the full committee on monetary policy, and it works. We have to reach an agreement, and we get to a place. I think you can tell today we are blessed with a diversity of perspectives on the FOMC with 19 people. Of course we are, but you have...
One thing that unites all of us, and that is a very strong commitment to getting inflation down. So in some parts of Washington, people say, if you give me this, I'll give you that. I'll trade this for that. You never do that at the Fed when you're coming up with a decision. I'll do what you want if you do what I want. That doesn't happen ever? Not really, no. Oh, okay. Like you mean a better office or something like that? Well, just, you know, I'll say what you want me to say if you say what I want you to say or something. That never happens, right? No.
No, it doesn't happen. And when you want to talk to members of the board, of the Federal Reserve Board, do you go to their office or do they come to your office? I like to do both. I mean, I really don't like to sit in my office all day and just have people come to see me. I like to go barge in on people. And, you know, I think it's much better to get up and walk around and see people. The Fed has been pretty good at avoiding leaks of its decisions. How do you do that? Because most people in Washington are not so good at that. How do you?
avoid leaks we do have you know we've got very strict rules around confidentiality particularly around the written materials that we have you know we publish these things internally for for the fmc meaning the memos and the teal book and all that um but the other thing to remember though is you know we're not trying to hide our decisions from the public we actually in in the modern in modern monetary policy we want the public to understand how we think how we're thinking and
And if markets really understand how you're thinking and a new piece of data comes in, the markets will go, well, they're going to do this. And it sort of happens organically. And that happened all last year. As we were talking about raising rates, the market priced in rate increases long before we actually enacted them. So we want to be transparent. We're not looking to surprise markets with these decisions. But from the time that you make your decision on the FOMC, whatever time it is at the end of the day,
And your press conference at 2 o'clock or something like that? 2.30. 2.30. So your decision is made by 2 o'clock or whenever it is or something like that. So you've got a half hour, but you have to avoid leaks during that half hour because that's very market-sensitive information. How do you make sure nobody is calling their spouse and saying, guess what we're going to do?
Well, people take this very seriously. None of that happens. You're taking your professional life in your hands if you do something like that. I think people have a sense of self-preservation. So people are very careful about this information. There is a period of a couple of hours after the meeting and until we announce the decision. But actually, we announced the decision at 2. The press conference is at 2.30. So I think it's a fairly small group of senior staff and policymakers that
that kind of know what happened and what we're going to say and i just think everybody understands that that you've just got to be really careful with that to go back to jobs discussion if next month you had another 519 000 jobs created net jobs would that be good or bad from your point of view having a lot of people working but maybe producing more inflation
So we don't have the luxury of thinking about good or bad. It just is what it is. But I would say, again, most analysts, most economists would say that to get inflation down from high levels that we've had, if you look at history, there is some softening in labor market conditions that goes along with that. And that is still very possible and indeed likely here, some softening in labor market conditions. However...
This cycle is different from other cycles because of where it came from, and it's just confounded all sorts of attempts to predict what it would do. So it is good that we have seen a very strong labor market, but at the same time we're seeing wages moderating. Wage increases are still very high, but wage increases have come down to a level that is closer to what would be sustainable, still well above what would be sustainable with 2% inflation.
And same thing with inflation. Inflation is starting to come down and the labor market hasn't softened. We do expect that it will soften. But, you know, it will do what it will do. Our job is to get inflation down to 2% and preserve maximum employment. So when the FOMC meets, as it does regularly, eight times a year, you pretty much know how the decision is going to come out before you actually get together because you've been talking to each other.
Or does the meeting of the FOMC change minds in ways that you might not have expected before the meeting started? It depends on the meeting. I talk to each of the 18 other participants at least once, and we go through everything. What's your analysis of the economy? How are we thinking about monetary policy? How are we thinking about the path forward and all of that? So in some meetings, I will say some of the time,
you get into a discussion at the meeting which suggests that maybe you should communicate differently. And then we'll think about that. And we might actually take a break in the middle of the meeting and then go off with a smaller group and think about that and come back and make changes. Sometimes, though, everything plays out as expected. And when you're having these FOMC meetings, I assume somebody sweeps the room to make sure there's no bugs and anything. Yes, all that. No leaks. No. Okay. And today...
As you look forward, as we are going forward for the next remainder of this year, your basic view would be you'd be happy if the inflation rate were to get down by the end of the year to 2% maybe unrealistic. But your core inflation now or overall inflation you think is about 4%, 4.5%, something like that, or what would you say it is? It's in that range. There are different measures. Yes, we expect significant progress on inflation this year.
Again, it's our job to produce it. And I want to say, again, we throw these numbers around, but the reality is we're going to react to the data. So if we continue to get, for example, strong labor market reports or higher inflation reports, it may well be the case that we have to do more and raise hikes more than is priced in. So if I wanted to go get a mortgage on a house I was going to buy, for example, you would say I'm not going to be any better off waiting until next year than now.
because rates aren't going to come down that much in the beginning of next year, so I might as well get the house now, mortgage. Surprisingly enough, I get a lot of requests for advice on those kind of things. And you don't give any? But I really can't. I really can't respond. Okay, so on the whole, to summarize where you are, you're basically saying that the jobs data that came out was a little bit surprising, but in the end, you're...
You've taken into account, and you're pretty comfortable with the guidance you gave last time, and you're not prepared to give anything that's completely different guidance than you gave last week. Well, I mean, this is a world in which we've had the labor market report, and I think that does, I think it underscores the message that I was sending at the...
press conference and in the meeting that we have a significant road ahead to get inflation down to 2%. And I think there's been an expectation that it'll go away quickly and painlessly, and I don't think that's at all guaranteed. That's not the base case. The base case for me is that it will take some time, and we'll have to do more rate increases, and then we'll have to look around and see whether we've done enough. Okay. And 2% is the rate we have for the last 25 years before inflation came along.
But prior to that, for most of U.S. history, we were higher than 2%. Is it that 2% is now so used to 2% after 25 years of it that you think that's the appropriate level? So we went through this long period where inflation was really anchored around 2%. And we think that, and economists think that...
That's because people start to expect 2% inflation. And inflation, in a way, if everyone expects that prices and wages are going to go up 2% per year, plus productivity in the case of wages, then it will. That's what will happen. Having price stability, real price stability for an extended period of time, is just enormously beneficial to the public. Because you can then, on the back of that, you can build a very strong labor market, as we had. We had a labor market with...
really three and a half percent unemployment in 2018 and 19 and we had inflation running you know just barely getting to two percent wages moving up the most for people at the lower end of the of the spectrum and so this was a we all want to get back to that place but the the bedrock of the whole thing is to get inflation under control the unemployment rate hasn't come down as much as people are going up as much as people thought in part some people say because we don't have as many
Immigrants coming in the country, legal immigrants coming in, taking some of the jobs they otherwise would take. Do you think immigration is an issue in terms of giving us more labor workers, or do you think that's not a factor?
So just as a matter of arithmetic, it was a factor because there was very little migration across borders during the pandemic. And that was part of what was happening, particularly in certain sectors like the agricultural sector and food service and things like that, where there just weren't the people. However, just very recently here, the immigration data have turned up again. And I think that may be part of why people are feeling somewhat less pressure in the labor market to find workers.
This is an issue not for the Fed, though. Immigration is obviously a political issue. We do not seek to be a player on this. But it's just a fact, though, that right now the United States has fewer available workers than it has jobs plus job openings. And when you increase interest rates, the traditional effect is to increase the value of the dollar versus other currencies. Do you have any concern about the value of the dollar going up too much, or that's not something you comment on?
So actually the responsibility for the exchange rate really rests with the Treasury Department and the administration, not with us. Of course, that's another financial variable that goes into every economic model, but we don't look at it as something that we're working on. All right. Well, I think I haven't been able to get you to say anything you didn't want to say. So I would say, Jay, I've known you a long time. I think you've done a great job.
uh in a difficult situation i appreciate your service to the country at a 180 000 a year or whatever the salary is something like that so thanks very much for being here and thank you for your service thank you david great to see you thank you all right so we've still got a couple of years i'm just going to recap a little bit so that's it's a good example we talked about this heading um i don't know if uj is reacting it's kind of cool to see stuff play out quickly like that
Still in the zone. I think this will take some time but nice reaction so far now stock market though If we get a sharp push back into this range like that I would look for Monday's low so You know, you know and also we have a nice water block right here We took out liquidity from this whole range closed above it to trade it into it
Five minute hasn't really given us much structurally broken. I could even see another higher high possibly And then if you get that pattern, you know, I think at this point all of this is prime target So we'll see again I would like to see you know This high swept shift the market structure down or a sharp push back into this range with nice camera closes But that's the end of the day stream and I will see you guys on the YouTube. I'll see you guys next Tuesday I'll be releasing a video either tomorrow or the next day
For me in the discord will be streaming on Thursday and then we'll also do the private class on Saturday So if you guys have any questions, just let me know as always at me on any socials and make sure you enter that giveaway You know for three months of play, but that's pretty big value. So I'll see you guys later. Peace
