what's up what's up yeah i'm not sure if um how many setups are going to present themselves today but i think that we're going to be able to um wait and watch some stuff develop like for instance here with trx um you've cleared out a ton of lows
really this main low right here. You swept that and also went into this four-hour demand that hadn't been tapped. It's nothing I would just long by any means, but if you waited and then you started to see a little bit of internal structure form and let's take out our new four-hour internal high, that could be a potential long, but I would not take anything yet. When everything's crazy like this and it's really volatile, you don't really want to
you know, force anything or make any trades happen. It's better just to kind of sit on the sidelines and watch it develop. Because at this point, you kind of just force some stuff. Because everybody, I've been asked a shitload of times, like, you know, what bounce are you playing or what level are you buying? It's like nothing until I see a reason to. You know, you don't just pick a level in the future. It's from like, you know, 2020 or 2019 to...
to just buy at, or I don't at least. Maybe if you're an equity person and you're just looking to get into new positions like that, I mean, that's up to you. But I always recommend it. Just wait and see what price is doing. You know what I mean? Like you don't want to just try to get or bet and gamble and stuff. Pretty much everything is now just kind of price discovery, trying to find wherever its bottom is going to be.
Let's see here. A lot of stuff's coming down to weekly demand. So, you know, you pair that with structure shifting. So if we can start to see structure shift, then you might be able to have some opportunities, but it's going to take some time. A couple prices, though, or price ranges I'd be looking at. For AVAX, I'd be looking down here, like $13.
That would be an ideal area to start seeing a reversal. And then Solana, I want to see under $20. So that's kind of where I'm at right now with most of these alts. If you want it, I mean, I'm going to wait and see if we just continue to free fall. But what I would like to happen is us to find a little bit of a local bottom. That way maybe we can catch some shorts down to these weekly targets.
I don't really see it just yet. Solana might set something up here, actually. Because what I'm looking for now is we're engineering that sell side, putting those equal lows in, kind of tricking retail to think that we are maybe finding support. But in reality, we might just see price pull up and mitigate and then continue the downside. What I'll do, actually, is I'll set an alert.
for that right there because right now you know yes we are beaten down a lot of people wouldn't want to short here
Um, but we still have our big targets, like our high timeframes are what we build our trades around. So, you know, if we're, if we're looking at, okay, if I'm saying I want Solana under these lows and it's pretty clearly headed there, you know, I can say that I have a bearish bias and I can also wait for, you know, an entry for shorts, you know, it's not, um,
You don't have to not short just because we're beaten down. So you can watch that 15-minute as a more aggressive one, and you'd want to get confirmation off of it. Or you could watch this four-hour zone if we make it up that far before we hit these lows. I think BNB is also getting close to these lows. It's most likely going to clear them out. But if we could see, it's kind of starting to consolidate a little bit.
Nice little flip zone right there. For those of you that came to class, you'll maybe have spotted that. Price came down, reacted to this demand there was in this wick, pulled back, and then pushed through. So you could probably say this candle up here if you want to be a little more precise. All right, 88 still hasn't even taken out its four-hour lows. This will probably provide for some good opportunities soon. Came down and swept right there.
If everything gets a release bounce, you might... ADA seems like it's holding up a lot better than most stuff. There's a few coins I would venture to guess that are still within their four-hour range. But, I mean, at the end of the day, you'd be targeting this weak low. That's going to get cleared, in my opinion. That's your overall high-time frame target.
So, you know, we could look for maybe if you, you know, if you want to trade counter trend, I mean, yeah, it's up to you. I probably won't be looking to do that until I see the majors start to shift. But, you know, we did clear lows here and you can watch for 15 minutes to shift bullish. I wouldn't even touch it until then. Or you could just continue to try to short. So we could just wait for price to come up here and also mark this as well.
Both those zones and then you could try to get into shorts from there probably Like the lower zone. I'm gonna set an alert here as well. I know it's crypto Stream, but I'm gonna look at some forex just because you know Once crypto kind of gets beaten down like this like the volume if the volume stays good then whatever but
You know the volume is ramping up on these dips But I'm interested to see if we start to consolidate at pretty low levels how the volume is gonna be and you know how the volatility will be Because if there's not a bunch of volume, you know, you want to always be kind of cycle to where there is when you're looking at 4x You know, there's more volume in the daily market 4x than anything out there I'm one thing I want to touch on as well is that nothing is gonna get a break until this takes a break. This is the DXY which is
chart for the dollar index and if you see i mean it's just
going running rampant i mean it's due for a pullback you know maybe we get that closer to fomc um but this shit is running absolutely fucking rampant so um this is something you want to keep an eye on when you're trading really any asset but especially currency pairs like crypto or forex um i mean it's due for a pullback but you know another thing um that
kind of gives away this recession as well um is that right now the dollar is has been rising you know and insanely i mean we're back let's go in the weekly or monthly
You know, we're back, getting back up to those almost, not all-time highs, but for this, what's the word for it, millennium, I guess, since 2000. We're heading up in this area. We're in monthly supply above these lows. So, you know, it is due for a pullback, but that does not mean we're going to get a pullback until we get signs of that. A lot of this has to do with macroeconomics, but one thing that's really bad.
compared to now, compared to 2008, is in 2008 you see that the dollar had dropped tremendously when oil had made all-time highs.
absolutely insane but right now the dollar is as strong as can be and oil is as strong as can be so you know that's why like right now we think gas is expensive like it's like oh gas is super expensive but for us compared to everywhere else in the world we're actually in a much better spot because our dollar is also gaining strength
But that's not a good sign in the general scheme of things because what you should see when these macroeconomic situations present themselves is the dollar to not be this strong because it's already bad with the dollar this strong. So, you know, what's going to happen is...
it's going to be pretty cataclysmic for just all financial markets when this starts to pull back really heavily. Because just because the dollar starts pulling back doesn't mean everything else is going to just absolutely recover. You might get a recovery bounce, but it's not going to be genuine. It won't be sustained. So all that stuff to keep an eye on, especially when we're at volatile times like this, you got to be mindful of everything. So I really encourage you guys to start looking at DXY.
And, you know, especially if you're just intraday trading, just see its direction. You know, if you see DXY looking pretty bullish, well, you probably don't want to look for longs because everything you're playing against is denominated by this chart. So this chart goes up, you know, crypto or stocks or currencies or gold, anything should go down. That's what you see today. I think I have forex.com feed.
Gold came right back down into this area. Now, for me, a lot of people are endlessly bullish on gold, but in my opinion, I want these lows and these lows to be taken. I think there's a lot of sell-side being engineered. And while the weekly is bullish here, like this is the swing I have for the weekly, I don't see all this holding down here. I stopped being bullish on gold a long time ago.
Right? I mean, a lot of people are like... Gold's supposed to be $15,000 a bar. Jesus. Because everybody who sees this monthly cup and handle or whatever, and it's like, you know, I see it. But I just see more of these equal lows, like $16.76. That's my overall target for gold. So here I was hoping we could get a little bit of a relief in one of these zones and kind of push back up and give some opportunity for some shorts.
Also, messing with gold the week of FOMC is, you know, can be really good or really bad. But I am going to start keeping an eye on gold more and more. But yeah, DXY is going absolutely fucking crazy. Probably refine this zone down here. Something like that. Hopefully we get a relief there because I want to get a good entry for some shorts to just hold on to. We'll see.
so i think the four hours now switching bearish or has switched bearish already or it's about to be so there i switch bearish here and then it kind of switched back up bullish and that is seeming to not hold here either so if we can get that break of structure by a closure there you know we can look for a pullback once we may be heading to some demand and start to see a change of character and um you know we could look around this area i found that on a 15 minute maybe yeah
Maybe look at that as a breaker. But to be honest, I like playing breakers on higher time frames, so I'd probably not pay too much attention to that. Once we come under these lows and get into these zones, I really want us to see a bounce. That way we can get into some shorts. Yo, I held shorts on the SMP and NASDAQ over the weekend on my MetaTrader. Hell yeah.
I did it on accident because I forgot limit orders in the books. And you know how they trade after hours? So I got out from my computer after hours. So like if market closed, I got up, went to go cook. I came back and I'm like, oh, fuck. And you know how you can't close or put stop loss or anything? It just goes, market closed. I'm like, no. Can't do shit. I caught two gap downs on that motherfucking hub.
Bro, I got a short on Bitcoin yesterday, and I held 25% of it. But I held 25% of it, and I'm just kind of holding on to it, and it's up fucking stupendously. Hell yeah. Bro, I told you, my quant friend, if he calls and says, hey, I'm fucking liquid, my ass is buying puts all over the place. Don't doubt the quants. The quants make the algos. The quants know all.
Yeah, this DXY just has to cool it really is what really most of this comes down to. Yeah, there's a shitload of stuff happening. It's going to be a minute before it cools down. There's so much news. Yeah, I know. Or at least even if it doesn't cool down, it'll start dropping instead of just pumping. I haven't done TA, I don't think, on EuroCAD yet. I was doing TA on a couple coins.
Get the fuck out of here. Say what? I said they thought Spy was going to bounce. And I'm like, nah guys, it hasn't gone above the high that broke the low. This shit is bearish. We're looking for longs. I'm like, alright, I'm out of here. Excuse my trading bias.
Yeah, it's really hard because you know, I'm I don't I don't trade Conventionally anymore. So I'm not looking at VWAPs and shit. So it's kind of hard to listen. Yeah Like it's approaching VWAP like my retail mentality is like oh, I know what that means You know, but then I look at the chart and smart money is like son, you about to get fucked, right? So it's like fuck
And then don't get me wrong, sometimes the VWAP shit works. Yeah, no, sometimes it does. But, like, to me, like, if I have to keep adjusting my indicator to different dates to get the correct levels, it just doesn't seem like that's the avenue. I agree. It's like moving your support and resistance lines on the charts down. What the hell is my cat doing? This is an odd chart.
I mean, I guess you got a closure, technically. Get out, fucker. But I guess you got a closure there. And I mean, I'd consider these daily swings. This is an odd one. But you got equal lows right there. I don't like that. It's going to get cleared. We're doing some of my templates. They had a little messy. I'm doing them as I go. Oh, shit. I'd like if we get a bounce to engineer some more liquidity here. Not really the nicest looking price action, though.
Yeah, just DXY needs a cooler and there's gonna be a lot of setups this USD Frank Setup could be nice as well Yeah, I'll go back to crypto and you guys some of you guys don't really want to watch Forex, but I don't want to take a look Okay, this shit's sad. That's that Let me pull up if you guys have coins in a TA just let me know Also, what's up to people on
YouTube. Oh, yeah, ZP those FTT limits. That's what's up. Yeah, that chart was looking pretty good. Like, well, I mean, like, good for shorts, I should say. Just clean. Oh, it came up right here. Was this the limit? Somewhere up in there, I think? Hell, yeah. What's up, Brax? Running some tea for these people on Twitter.
I'm telling you guys, though, that aren't in Forex, start doing a little research and start getting a little familiarized with MT4. Hugo's Way is a good broker, so is Prosperity. As far as if you want to use crypto and not have to KYC, I think there's going to be a lot of really good opportunities coming up with Forex as crypto cools off a little bit.
I think most of the majors in crypto will still have trades, but a lot of alts are going to completely die off during this. Just clear this weekly low now. I wish Discord didn't make a noise every time somebody joined. So here, I'm going to look at the monthly first. Not really any super clear liquidity targets that I see. I mean, you could say these equal lows are swept, but there still might be some liquidity resting at those levels. We cleared our previous monthly low. So there's not much there.
If we want to look in this demand zone, I'd probably use this institutional candle. That's already been tapped into and filled. It doesn't seem to be holding very well. So that being said, if you guys have coins you want me to do too, let me know and we'll run them through. The thing with crypto right now is like...
Everything is just going to be the same story. It's going to be, okay, we're waiting for a reversal in the four hour if we're looking along. There's no levels that I'm just looking to just randomly buy at. I know that most people have been getting a lot of DMs recently. They're asking, what level do we buy ETH or Bitcoin? We can anticipate and speculate levels that we want to look at them at.
If you're like me and want to wait for confirmation, we don't know until it happens. And I'll go ahead and tell you that's not happened on any coin of interest yet. Oh, and play a bit mean with the Bitcoin dominance. Reject resistance. I think he's talking about, here we'll go over here to Bitcoin dominance. So if you look at this chart, historically over time, usually 50% is a...
kind of a resistance point over since 2021. So I think he's expecting price to retrace and a little bit of money to flow back into alts. That's what the Bitcoin dominance means. Do you IDX? Yeah, I mean, you just, you've got really nothing. It's like holding you up here. You know, you got to think of it like, I mean, we're just in a clear daily downtrend. Bam, bam.
So now your daily range is this. And it's just the same as everything. So what would we look for as a reversal here? We'd want to see price at least on the four-hour, at least start to shift internal structure. So you'd want to clear out one of these minor highs. So if price came up, maybe took out that high, came back down, you could look for an order block or a demand zone, wait for price to reverse, look for that order block.
The price come down and, you know, target these highs. But until then, it's just throwing shit at the wall, in my opinion, for trying to just long stuff down here. Now, if you're just like bag holding equity and stuff like that, I mean, I hope that if you held equity this long, it's because you believe in it fundamentally, because you're going to figure out if you do or not real quick, because I don't think that things are just going to reverse overnight or.
or anything like that i think it's going to be a little bit for sure so be patient with it remember the reason you bought it if you bought it just you know
For a reason that wasn't fundamental, kind of like learn a lesson that, you know, if you're going to buy something and hold on to it with no ops or anything like that. I'm not saying that this is the situation with this. I'm just using this as an example. But you got to be ready to just hold on to everything that you have for a while. And it'll probably be straight. I mean, DYDX is a great coin. And for a lot of you guys that are back holding ETH out there.
As long as you don't paper hand it when it gets, you know, if it gets cheaper and you just hold on to it, you'll be straight. I mean, think that, you know, I don't know if you if you don't believe in crypto, then, you know, that's a different story. But I have no doubt in my mind that Ethereum will come back up to the levels we saw it at. So one day, you know, probably with the next Bitcoin happening. Historically, you know, every four years we see a pretty big run up in price. It'll be 2024, I think, is the next late 2024, if I'm not mistaken.
Shit, messed with all my templates. I did that wrong.
Yeah, I mean, what we'd look for here is just wait for price to give us any signs of a reversal. We're looking to maybe long. And again, right now, this is not the time I'd be watching lower cap alts. They're going to get it. I mean, right now, the dollar is going to outperform a lot of altcoins. And it's going to continue to. Because people, large institutions or large investors, they're not putting a bunch of money into...
you know, like Dogecoin or something during times like this. You know, they're loading up on value, not on hype and meme coins. They're loading up on, you know, they're not looking at it from the same perspective that people say like, oh, it's cheap. It's going to be a bigger return. They don't give a shit about that. They're looking at value like Ethereum, Bitcoin, stuff like that. Solana maybe. I don't really consider Solana too valuable at this price, but not yet at least. A couple of years, you can say that, but what else? Yeah, it was GBPUSD. Oh, that's up. There you go.
You're just free-falling. Just everything. Don't try to jump the gun and force stuff because you're just going to get hurt doing that. Looks like we're about to get another daily break of structure here. I'm not sure where I got this from. I don't know if this is just a low I had drawn. I might be targeting that low.
I was looking, I was hoping to see some relief bounce here, but we have not seen Dixie to chill out at all. So at this point, you know, four hours clearly bearish, daily's bearish, weekly's bearish, everything's bearish. So, you know, until we take out this sell side liquidity down below, you know, one could look to try to position themselves in shorts. There was actually a setup during Killzone here, just wasn't really watching it, but you could have gotten to the trade here. I probably would have.
Actually, no, I did hit into it. Tagged you in right there. Overall target right now, though, is this 1.20766. So, you know, if you could find a way to get in short into that or at that level, or I'm sorry, get in short and target that level, you know, that would be anything you could find with a good risk or reward would be fine. But we want to wait and see if price has broken structure. So now we could possibly expect a pullback in the 15 minute.
and to maybe give us an entry. Looking at this for long, but it just does not seem like it went to... No, there's not any equity I'm trying to grab right now, no. Somebody just asked me in crypto chat. Just kind of like lottoes at this point until we see reversal. I see no reason for me to buy anything, because I want to see strength before I buy.
Yeah, so I mean everything on GP is just super super bearish, but You've removed some of this sell-side liquidity here at that break of structure if we could start to see signs of reversal You might go up here first, but I highly highly doubt it Looks like you've got a little flip zone right here price returns that far I actually find this to that right there
As I said, is XMR considered one of those top value coins to load up at these prices? I mean, to me, XMR is a good coin. But as I said, this crypto bear will probably end quicker than we think. I don't think so. That's just my, I mean, it's just global economics. But does that, you know, you might get a relief quicker than you think. But, you know.
The definition of the crypto bear ending is a big difference than just getting a relief bounce. XMR, let's look at XMR, why not? To answer that question, if it's one of your top value coins, then this is actually way stronger than most coins, I'll tell you that. I just broke through this demand zone now.
Yeah, I mean I wouldn't be buying it here, but I mean it looks it's it's held up more than most coins you'll just do top-down on it and just see What we're working with you could I guess move this down I mean this would be in the weekly low to me because we didn't get a closure everything else looks like a liquidity grab so Nothing really especially yet now for the daily
Seems like it's kind of swept down and grabbed liquidity through here. Something may be down on this wick, maybe of interest. So we'll plot that out. Maybe refine on the four hour. Seems like really everything's been tapped into though. You know, price, when he came over here, we've made that we started to form this demand zone. Price came back into it right there. Made this new demand, price came into it. So I don't really see much interest in these zones.
You're most likely going to see this get cleared out. But we have seen a reaction. If you see a shift in market structure in the 15 minute, you could possibly look for some relief longs. But again, it's just you got to understand, like, I really want to be clear with everybody that it's not necessarily I could just buy the dip mentality time right now. It's more, I mean.
We're approaching a worldwide recession like we've probably never experienced in our lifetime. So to think Bitcoin is just going all-time high during that, it's just not rational. We could see a huge relief in a lot of markets. That's possible. But just don't get that up-only mentality.
I said, is it easy to make the move from crypto to Forex? Yeah, it's super easy. You just got to understand, you got to learn how to understand pips and how to understand MT4, which is, it's an app that you link a broker to because there's a ton of different brokers. Like think of Binance or Bybit, where there's a ton of different providers for Forex and you just link them all to the same platform. And the way you size positions is a little different and the way that profits are calculated is in pips.
which are not percents. It's like if you have the measuring tool, this number right here is going to be your pips, 5428. Most coins, it's going to be the last value. It's probably pennies for XMR. With crypto, though, you can trade crypto on Forex brokers, but it's different across different brokers. I don't really recommend trading anything except Bitcoin or Ethereum. Even then, if you already do that, you may as well.
Trade it on like Binance or BuyBit. But yeah, here with XMR, I mean, the daily swing range, I guess you'd say is still bullish if you go by closures. But it looks stronger than most coins, but I wouldn't buy it. I don't think it's going to hold. What the hell? Let's see if I can find any value areas.
what's down on this wick it's just really nothing yeah i don't know i wouldn't really pay this too much mind i don't like this down here everything's been tapped into there might be something down even further in this wick and you can continuously kind of come in and refine and and uh you know try to force something but i just don't see anything of that much interest maybe this but it's like i mean come on probably where we're nope it's not made it on there yet
If it were me, though, you know, if you're trying to buy a coin, it's because you believe in it and just start averaging into it. I mean, just be prepared for it to go lower. But if we're talking about trading, I think it's kind of redundant to really look at much other than, you know, like Bitcoin and Ethereum, because you could bet that nothing's going to start recovering until they do.
Yeah, sorry guys, it's not much exciting stuff to go over today It's just every single coin is just same thing waiting for reversal reversal rate it waiting, you know to say every chart looks exactly the same That's another thing that is kind of annoying about crypto is everything is gonna look the same on volatile days, you know, it's just gonna be Everything's waiting on Bitcoin to reverse so fit fi What is fit fi? There's not much to go off of here to be honest with you
I wouldn't touch this. Anything like this. If you believe it and you like it, then you can mess with it, but I wouldn't even consider messing with any kind of color. I wouldn't touch any crypto right now for the next two months. I would wait until after summer. Oh, he said I don't want to believe it. I want it to die. Well, yeah, I mean... It already died. Yeah, I was going to say, you got your wish. Yeah.
I'm going to display something. Jesus Christ. What coin is this? I don't know. I just joined back. It was like straight down. It looks like fucking ICP, bro. Right. Look at this thing I have on ICP. I put this on here forever ago. Like the mega ramp.
What is ICP at now? I've been getting my wish. NFTs are getting shit on. Oh, I bet. I haven't even fucking... Oh, those board apes are at 70-something ETH from 100. Yeah, but I mean, it's like... And ETH's not worth anything right now. They went from having 300, 400k to having like 70k. Imagine people that are like, just have never sold.
Oh, there's people that never sold. Yeah, there's a ton of people. There's people. Yeah. I think they halted ICP on perps. I looked at this yesterday, and I was like, wait. I was like, oh, shit hasn't started dumping. I'm like, sure. And then I was like, wait, it's not moving. That's shitty ass shit. But it's weird. Usually they'll delist it. It's just stuck. They halted it for sure.
So I said Bitcoin looks like a rejection right on low timeframes. I wouldn't be considering the low timeframes right now. And that was at 1033. I don't see any signs of rejection. And plus, don't look at the low timeframes right now. What I'm looking for is for something like...
um this over here like when you come down you start to kind of consolidate then you break a high you see what i'm saying you break an internal high so it's don't don't think you're gonna miss the bottom or or you know be just don't fomo in and say this is the cheapest it's ever gonna get just don't do that it's not the time to do that and there's no sign right now that it's going to reverse how much what's the volume on like coinbase looking like today
Yeah, volume's not as high as I thought it would be. Hey, do you want to go over ETH? No, but I can. I'll be the same as pretty much everything else. I just hopped in a little late. No, you're good. Everything's just completely free-falling at this point until it gets some kind of reversal. Let's see. I think that Flo had wanted to bid.
Somewhere over here. Do you guys have any, like, estimates of what you think is going to come down to? Because I've been out of the group, and I freaking bought the dip once or twice, and then I see, I've seen everyone saying, don't buy the dip now, and I'm like, fuck. Yeah, it's kind of like, I mean, I'm looking at a weekly.
I mean, I'm looking at a weekly. We're talking like ugly, but we're talking like 500 type shit. Jesus Christ. I remember I was buying it at 1,200 like a year or two ago. Yeah. But then on like the daily, I'm just going to draw a line where we're at so I have a reference from over here. I just don't see anything in here I like. May I go to a four hour?
So you're really thinking like 500? I mean, you're at demand now, I guess. I mean, I think anything trying to speculate like that is just kind of like a guessing game. You know what I mean? You could watch this level we're at. This might be a good level if we start to see a reversal. I don't know. Maybe somewhere in here there's a good level if we start to see a reversal. But until we see that reversal...
we're just kind of speculating because there's no logic to back that we're not going to continue. For instance, if you start over here, if price would have came up and cleared out this high, that's what you want to see. You want to see this high, I mean. You want to see that internal high get taken. Price comes down to that newly introduced demand. It starts to reverse. But until we have that, it's just playing guessing games.
Yeah, I was thinking about $1,200, $1,400. I was going to see something and it just keeps dropping, so we'll see. Yeah, it happens. And Bitcoin, you know, next...
The zone would be right here on like 20 because we've removed all liquidity. I think that I'd said this a while ago that 22, this liquidity down here, if we slipped from 26, 631, this is the next target right there.
at 22, 21, 9, 20. And then you've got this demand under that. So, you know, if I'm looking at Bitcoin, that's probably where I'm going to see, you know, bids right around here at 20 to like 18. Sweet. I want to say that's a monthly label or was it? I mean, you guys will probably post anyway when you think there's a reversal or anything. Yeah, you'll start to see if you'll post in longs. But even then I wouldn't buy equity.
Personally. Unless you're... I don't know. If you're aiming to hold it for a couple years, then there will be a point where I just start buying a little bit every week. Don't lie to him. Tell him not to hold equity. You said the right thing. You said the right fucking thing. Because we don't know where the bottom is. So right now, don't get equity. When you see a giant boner, weekly, monthly, yeah. Just signs of relative strength. If ETH starts getting like...
You know, sub one. I'll start buying a little bit. Oh, yeah. What the fuck is Michael Saylor? I have a price target for $900, $915. Where's Michael Saylor at? Jesus Christ. He's not licked yet. He's not? I was going to say. He's close. No, he's close. He's close to getting licked. He's like shitting Brits right now. Like, yeah.
Bro, I'm so mad at GBP, at GBPU, at the JPY. We should have taken those fucking shorts, bro. Shorts, I know, bro. Go look at that shit. Actually, don't go look at it. That's how fucking low it is right now. We literally missed out on like 2,000 pips.
I already did the pain once. We talked about that shit in the stream, so I hope somebody fucking took that shit. That's why I want to get everybody up and load on Forex because everybody loves crypto, but I'm just being honest with you guys. Crypto dead for the next two, three years, guys. If you have shit that you didn't sell at the highs, you're going to be holding. I know I have a lot of crypto that I did not.
I think we'll be able to trade. We'll still see volatility and volume in majors. But I do think that a lot of the stuff that we use works a lot. Price action is a lot cleaner on Forex. But at the end of the day, we are kind of global recession mode right now. Another thing too, you'll probably be able to add on to this that I was talking about. One thing that I really looked into is that what's really fucked up right now.
The craziest thing to me is how high the dollar is while oil is this high. Because in 2008, the dollar was dead when oil was doing this. Well, it's just different situations. That's why it's hard to compare to previous...
times that's why it's just it's kind of complicated but yeah so oil is going up because um of the shit in ukraine but that's not the only reason why and then also covid restrictions coming up so everybody's like opening up it's like a double everything like you know so like i personally i'm bullish on oil i think i still think i'm sticking to my gun 150 a barrel oil 120 dxy like i've been saying that for like fucking four months just because
Dude, you know that Japan is going to have to, their government is going to have to step in to strengthen their currency? That is unheard of.
Bro, if I see USDJPY hit 145, I'm grabbing the full fucking power of my ports and I'm just going short on every fucking thing. Like everything. Because, bro, JPY is losing stability. Okay, so they lose stability. China, right? So it's going to affect the Asian markets. So all Asian countries are going to have to devalue their currency.
just to stabilize their economy. So it's hard to give you an example of this because it's never happened where such a strong currency de-pegs. It's like USDT de-pegging from the dollar. That's how you can compare it.
Right there. That's the magnitude of that shit. Because there's only two safe currencies in the world. The check. The Swiss check. Not the Swiss franc. The check. I forgot where they're from. And JPY. My bad to interrupt, but MicroStrategy just transferred 2089 Bitcoin to a new wallet for the first time ever. Whoa.
Yeah, we eat it, bro. We are eating. I have clicks that have, like, almost a year left on them, and they're up. Like, my Apple leaps, they're up 70%. My Amazon leaps, so I bought Amazon share, right, and then I shorted Amazon.
Yeah, somebody asked about Spy. Because that's how you're supposed to use options. Yeah, that's the other way to do it. Spy looks like shit. Yeah, I mean. What y'all thinking on Apple and all those? Apple's going to $100. Under $100. Hey, I sold at $130 like a year ago to buy my house. Like 100 shares. That's what's up. And now it's going to be like back way below that. This shit's crazy. I would say. I'm thinking Apple goes to.
a hundred dollars amd uh you're looking at like 40 maybe 30 bucks amazon 75 you're just stacking the money aside for the buy-ins later basically um no the strategy that i use is so i have puts open so i i i like to play options how they were intended to be played instead of like scalping options and sitting there because that builds up a lot of uh
commission of fees and shit um but besides the point you're putting yourself more at risk being a day trading investor just looking for those short moves versus actually looking at the big picture right so um my favorite thing is to spend a little bit of money and make a whole lot of money and i've done it before like you know with 200 bucks 13 000 the other one was two thousand dollars to twelve thousand
uh you know stuff like that that makes sense i don't like spending two grand just to make 300 bucks like if you ask anybody that's a real investor they'll be like what the we spent 2k to make 300 bucks like that's that's shitty bad risk that's that's bad risk management so and regardless you're seeing that right now people that are trading options that are getting fucked right like
I'll give you an example. All of our options that were called out in chat, if everybody would have been positioned since I said, oh shit, the market's not looking good. It was back in February, right? You could have Coinbase puts instead of them being at 275%. Those could have been at like 500, 600% because you would have got closer than money. You would have taken advantage of all the volatility.
um so like that so what i like to do is i like to buy 100 shares and then you buy the contracts that are the opposite or if you have the money for 100 shares you can short the shares right so you can go short 100 shares of like amazon and then buy a call just to protect you know you minimize your loss
um so what i do like what i do is i buy the shares and then i short my shares that way when i feel like they hit the bottom i sell my shorts and i use that money from the shorts go long so i buy more stock so that's a cool idea if my apple puts go the same way that my apple calls went each one should hit 8 000 to 13 000 put right um i think i have five of them
So if that happens, I would put 20, 30 grand into Apple when I sell these puts and just buy more Apple shares.
And then I would take advantage of that whole, if they hit $100 or $90, the whole ride back up. Should I hop into puts? I'm not in trades besides equity, and obviously the equity is getting shit. No. Don't buy anything right now. If you buy a put right now, you're paying premium. You know how we like to sell in premium and buy in discount?
Right now you'd be selling in discount and you don't want to do that because you could lose. So you want it to, you want price to get back up to a premium, just, you know, smart money concepts back to a premium before you take a short. Because shorting right now, like who knows, what if this is the bottom? I know it's not the bottom, but you know, what if this is the bottom? You always gotta, you know, something I learned from, from Photon is like, if you're going to go long,
Take your long bias, set it aside, and then think of what you would do if you wanted to go short. And then compare the TAs and see which one gives you a higher risk to reward. That'll be your best option to trade. All right. Holy shit, brother. Have you seen the liquidations today in crypto? I have. 993 million. Oof.
Well, Bitcoin's at 22,000, bro. Yeah, I know. I mean, I'm not that surprised, but it is just crazy to see that. Yeah, sorry, guys. I knew when I got on this one, I was like, there's not going to be much to really go over today. It's kind of like, yeah, we're waiting for a reversal, guys. Hope everybody in there.
I want to see if we can get a reversal. The shorts that might work if you're asking about shorts in the stock market right now would be Google. So Google's going to split in a couple of days, right? So my strategy would be to, like, I'm going to position myself at Google because Google is, I think, long-term and long-term Google's quantum computing. You know, nothing's going to beat that. They have one of the best quantum computers out there.
right so even better than intel intel is going to zero um so they split july 15 right so in a month they split and they're doing a 20-1 split so realistically speaking if you look at the daily chart so if casper goes over to the daily google chart type in g-o-o-g-o
it follows it follows uh look at that you see those gappies down there yeah i expect some of those gaps to fill just because they're splitting that's what gives it the bullish sentiment um the split because people are going to pile into it so they can take advantage of um you know the volatility
What do you think of Microsoft? Didn't that just split too? No, Amazon split and Tesla is going to split. Microsoft is strong. I meant Amazon. Shopify is going to split. Microsoft, if you look at the daily Microsoft chart and the daily Google chart, they look exactly right. I meant Amazon, I think. Amazon is going to go to like $70.
I have puts on it. I bought 100 shares and I have leap puts for a year or more out for $95. They're about to go into money. When they go into money, volatility accelerates. Once your volatility accelerates, you're getting paid more from Vega, Theta, and Gamma. That's when you use calculus.
If you get up and do fill these gaps with that, you could catch some fucking mean-ass puts down under this, bro. That's what I'm thinking. I'm thinking I buy the shares up there. I just want to buy the shares just in case. Because your shares, the longer you own them, the less risky they become. Which is something that I might get into showing people and explaining people why that is. But for now, just know that
The longer you hold shares, the less risk there is in the shares. Bro, I'm up 86% today from open. Yeah, I literally opened up. So yesterday I shorted XRP and I shorted Bitcoin and I held 25% of my original position on Bitcoin. It's up pretty great. Yeah, I'm just literally going to hold on to it for now. My waves is up 5,600%.
Yeah, there's not much. Oh, we're going to die right now. I forgot that we had a couple things coming out. The consumer inflation report. Oh, fuck. Is this going to do it? I might actually catch something on this, but it's not Killzone. Well, it's a shorter Euro GBP. Yeah, that shit looks rough, in my opinion. It looks like I was just liquid. GBP is getting strong.
Do y'all know how to turn off notifications for certain channels? Because I have a thousand notifications and I constantly miss fucking callouts. Yeah, yeah, for sure. The best thing to do that I do is I turn off all notifications except my mentions and then also...
i can't even think straight about i was reading something my mentions and then also like your notifications like you pick your roles you know what i mean but you can go to the server um go to notification settings and i think you can put only mentions and then when you do that it also automatically like if you put your you know you get your roles like crypto only or whatever your stocks it'll um those are those will count as mentioned so you'll only get like signals and
Bitcoin fucking died. I'm about to turn off notifications. I might have to ask you about that roll thing again. Hold on. I got you.
What's up, JL? Holy fuck. No more phase B. Yeah, bro. I thought we were going to spring there. I was looking for all the signs, but we never got that four-hour charge at $32,650. Yeah. Because we basically took all the liquidity behind every structure point except $32,650.
That's why I don't like using Wyckoff because it does work all the time. I got into it for a while. When I first started doing Smart Money, that was what I learned first. I never went as deep into it as you guys have. I just noticed it makes you speculate. I think one of the most important things, same thing with Smart Money.
A lot of people try to make smart money sound as complicated and cool. But really, I think the idea and the objective of any trading style or strategy, whatever, it needs to be as simple as possible. Because at the end of the day, we're all still like, you can know as much as you know. And all that's great. But if you have a lot of variables, then your emotions start getting into play. Without you even realizing it. You know what I'm saying?
If you want me to be honest, I can't agree with that statement because I don't think Wyckoff is complicated at all. No, no. Well, no, it's not complicated. But I'm saying, like, look, for instance, you guys were sitting there this whole time saying, like, we were accumulating. You know what I'm saying? Because it looked like it worked. It's either accumulation or it's redistribution. Right, right. Because of human to distra. I get it. But my point is, it causes you to search for stuff almost more than.
simple structure but i mean i know i know exactly what you're saying like there's it works a lot of times but it causes like it causes you to have a bias yeah no no i know exactly what you mean because when i did first get into wyckoff like i would i would tunnel vision whatever bias like wyckoff was giving exactly because but then then it does hit some of the times like for instance like if you look at distro distro on bitcoin like both
all-time high has played out clearly but there's also went with structure and another thing too i've seen a lot like whenever i'm plotting out like low time frame like the shorts i took yesterday on um bitcoin like it was very you know very low time frame distribution you could you see the seller the buying climax then the auto rally sign of weakness you know you don't get the same kind it's it doesn't necessarily look like a wyckoff schematic but it is what that's what's going on you know it's being distributed
But that's, like, I don't know. Because, like, for instance, like, one person that I watched that, like, meant, like, I've seen a lot of his shit, and, like, he, like, switches back and forth between Wyckoff and, like...
Supplying to me. He doesn't know what he's talking about. I don't like Man that much. The more I've learned, the more I watch. He's good and all, but he's the example of what's wrong with smart man education. I don't know. Flo sent me one video from Ment that is trying to talk about Wyckoff, and this dude does not know what Wyckoff is at all.
It's because of the whole point of the idea. I'm not going to go on a chart, put down a bunch of labels, and chart every pattern that I see. I'm looking for the signs and the behavior of the market versus... Yeah, Wyckoff is more volume spread analysis than it is charting. Yeah, exactly.
Showing it from a supply and demand perspective when showing Wyckoff, so you could see how you could still trade Wyckoff. Aw, dude, here's where it gets crazy, bro. That Wyckoff book I'm reading, bro, that I'm halfway through Flow, it fucking talks about supply and demand a lot. You gotta send that to me, bro. No, Manny put it in chat. It's from the Ruben one. It's that online book, bro. Are you talking about the actual Wyckoff book?
No, it's this dude. It's by this dude that studies Wyckoff. Oh, hell yeah. But it's not the 1930s books, but we have those too. I read that one. I won't be reading those. Fucking Leucosis read those. Bro, they're good. I swear. Not necessarily for like, you know, it's not going to make you chart Wyckoff like a beast, but they're just good books for psychology, in my opinion. Like, that was the first thing I read whenever Flyers put me on. Because the first person that I saw trading smart money, like.
consistently right because i saw people trade it and they just didn't i was just like you know i'm not using that but like the first oh my god what is it dumping no yeah dude it's dumping but i'm i feel bad for anyone that tried to fucking long 25k or anything today i'm actually i know mad people i look at the chart that little reaccumulation zone marked bro and when you're coming out of a distribution bro like you're not gonna catch a fucking long there
There's people that were fucking trying to long it there, and they were just playing order block theory, and they're like, this order block. This order block. Yeah, right. Bro, they're like 50 order blocks down, and they're still saying this order block. Oh my god, bro. Everyone's getting liquidated trying to catch his bottom right now. The striped pajama chart. Bro, I'm on a suite. POI, POI, POI, POI.
Wrecked, wrecked, wrecked, wrecked. All the way down because it's in a bearish market structure now. I love that. That's a great one right there. Striped pajamas, baby. The charts look crazy. Honestly, I want to short this here soon. Looks like we're on our second leg down. Today, Casper, I was in the other chat. I was in the other chat and I was like, oh, I'm shorting NASDAQ here.
right and if you look at the nasdaq chart you'll see the swing high like if you look at a 15 minute i'm using a higher time frame right so it's like swing high to swing low my guys it hasn't even broken um it hasn't broken the level it's still bearing i'm gonna go short here people are trying to go long bro nasdaq done fell from that level let's see two percent so it fell 974 pips
To the downside and I didn't even I didn't even get that much money. I Exited at the weekly low like right under the weekly low those expecting it to get rated So I probably caught 600 pips. Holy shit. It's still going But I want I want this to push up a little harder But I think this could we could see some shorts here because you got all this sell side being engineered down below we are
bullish on the four hour but you're seeing these lick grabs like i don't like that like to me i mean yeah the swing structure is bullish but when you see like this over and over again that just says like all that buy size being absorbed i would like to get one last push up into this four hour supply zone because i mean we could even refine this maybe a little bit more i don't know exactly yeah i'll go that wick right there that wick i would just say this whole zone yeah
If you use an institutional candle, like Flo, you'd probably mark this candle, right? Just that last candle? Yeah. Flo's fucking weird like that. You go to lower time frames, you see that as accumulation, distribution, introduction to supply. Exactly. You're looking for the same thing over and over and over, dude. Just going down on each time frame. You'll see it in the same spot. You could go from here, you go to five minute.
And it's just what, because it helps you really pinpoint, like, that's what I was trying to stress in that supply and demand. Inside bar, liquidity rate to the upside, breaking structure, downside, introduction to supply. You can just continuously. The thing that makes me worry about this, you still have that imbalance right there. Right there where you're, it's an imbalance right there.
Oh, I marked the whole zone. Limits on these zones like this are hard for me to play. Oh, no. I don't want to play limits off of it. I want to wait until the 15-minute gets into it. I want to see the 15-minute shift bearish. Beautiful, yeah, same. But I do want to short this soon. I mean, we're in this zone here. So the thing is, I mean, when we're this close to this kind of supply, even though, yes, we're seeing liquidity rate, like you've seen liquidity get rated here.
here and here and but it's just like to me what that says is like yeah it's getting rated and you know each time we do see a little move down so i would watch for shorts but if i were looking at like to swing anything or really target you know these lower targets i want something from up in here yeah but i would still take shorts like um i still i wanted to wake up and trade kill zone this morning but i felt like fucking shit bro like i'm not like that sick anymore but like the fatigue and like shortness of breath is like
Yeah. Do you know what strain of COVID? I have no idea. I think it was that Omicron, though, because a lot of people around here, apparently, my girl showed me a thing. That's what had been going around. And I don't know. I had it the first time. I didn't feel that rough. And then this time, I mean, the first two days are the worst. And then I kind of was better. But it's just weird. I wanted it. But I'm sick because I think it was Euro, USD, and a couple.
i wanted these to do the opposite what they did but they were still setups on them during kill zone i'm looking for gbp jpy longs yeah off of 161 80. that's what i was for our demands look at the yeah we're close to equilibrium now yeah euro usd euro usd looks like it's it's gonna get ready it's gonna come down it's euro usd's in the zone where i wanted yeah we came because it's in the monthly demand zone
Our shorts at 355 pips. Oh, yeah. Yeah, the GBPJPY shorts, we would have caught fucking 667 pips to the downside. This doesn't look bad. I'm glad you brought this up, honestly.
Yeah, that's going to... I feel like it could still go down a little bit more to this 161.835. 161.835. Oh, you're looking for longs of equilibrium? Yeah. Because we have a strong low below that. So I don't think we'll break that strong low down there. Strong low below that. Yeah. Go look at a four-hour chart. I am looking at a four-hour chart. Yep.
If you want to be honest, on our four-hour chart, our strong low would be at... It's the one that goes all the way down to 157.
I think the one I had was down here too, but I'm trying to see it. Well, okay, so you have to remember that you have to use, to determine the swing, you have to use X amount of pips from a pullback because if you decide to go with the one at 155, you're saying that an over 1,000-pit pullback doesn't matter.
The only reason that I'm saying this is because the high was. The only reason I drew it, because I think I was thinking, if you look right here, because here was the low, we came up, then we took that low here. There was no real pullback until here, but then none of these can be highs until we clear that high. The way I do it, at least. I know what you're talking about, though.
Yeah, so I used that low that broke that high right there as strong low. The bottom one. The bottom one to me is a weak low. 155. That would be my strong low. It failed. Well, I haven't marked as a strong low, but in all honesty, it didn't really break the high that broke the low.
I look at these as just flip zones. These lows you're saying, I see what you mean, because they were the actual... Well, really, I guess this was the zone, but all these zones are flip zones to me. Here, I want to actually clean my fucking chart up. I can't have this many lines. I used to keep all my TA on my charts and shit, and now I literally just... I get irritated like two seconds and just hit this garbage can so fast, bro. I'm like, too much. What is this?
which uh this is gbp jpy so on gbp for on gbb jpy on gbp i count lps y are you ted i count 300 pips as a as a swing pullback on the four hour it's super aggressive because it's not really supposed to be that high of that amount of pips but anything that's a 300 pip pullback i count as a
swing from what I've been looking at. I like either of these. I mean, I think where we're at, we could catch some longs, but I don't think this is going to be... I mean, it's sitting on equilibrium, but I want that deeper discount. Oh yeah, I still want 161. But I mean, you did get an internal structure. I want 169. So you got an internal break of structure there.
So, you know, theoretically, if you want to be super aggressive, you could wait. Yeah, we can go down there, too. 159 for sure.
crypto chat so to turn a forex chat i don't mind it though bro i'm i'm actually all about because i was thinking about it and i'm about to do uh i got the like the trial thing for ftmo like it's not like the actual thing just to fuck around with it um all right i would have literally listen to this shit so i i sure did this is why i can already see cryptos annoying so yesterday when i took my shorts on on bitcoin um here yeah so i took these on uh
I took these on my actual account with live funds, but then I also took them on fucking... FTMO? It's just a trial. It's the trial. It hit, and then like, you know...
What was it? Oh, yeah, I wasn't gonna be able to monitor it, even though it's just a trial, but there was just something I was like, yeah, I'm not gonna fuck that. Like, yeah, you ain't gonna catch me fucking that shit up, bro. And it's literally, like, complete demo fun. So, like, whenever it dipped a little bit, I was like, all right, just set stops break even, you know, bro. I would have passed the fuck out of this. Literally, it would have been, like, the actual pass. It would have been, like, 11% of the whole... It would have been, like... That's all you need, dude. They give you a chance to make...
pass the challenge and like two to ones bro like it's crazy how much they give you it's not a hard test they make it easy bro they make that challenge easy because it fucking entices people yeah and then like because i mean the thing is bro you know i read i read more into the ftmo thing and like how the fucking how these live accounts and how you actually don't get a live account you're training on like a demo connected to like a live account
And, like, they're literally making bank off anyone that's just fucking attempting this challenge. Hell yeah. But no, like, bro, where, I mean, the way I look, because what is it? You get at first 70-30, right?
once once it's um once it's now right now it's 80 20 and then it goes to 90 10. like bro okay that makes me because like before i just didn't really look at it like because then i was like yeah i'm not trying to take my bread out of because i want to trade 4x and i was thinking i was like bro what are you doing dog like what the fuck yeah yeah like you know what i'm saying i realized bro fucking algo and i were in a voice chat for like the whole day bro he was explaining to me how to use metatrader 5 and shit
Like, I can literally just, I can just take my, so I was sitting here, like, talking to my girl. I was like, you know, I could just take all my bread out of, like, crypto and just trade fucking, you know, use OPM, bro. Other people's money for trading. And I was like, dude, straight up. Like, why not do that? You think about it, you make 10% a month, dog, on a 200k port. Bro, you're making fucking 90% of that.
That's stupid, dude. That's one to two plays a month if you're just making 10% on these plays like this. Yeah, dude, I'm getting a 200k swing account. Now while I've got you on here, Flux, I know you've looked into it more. I know that everything else you can hold through the week, you can't hold. Obviously, any news that affects the currency you're holding, you can't hold for longer than two hours market downtime.
But then the swing account, what are the catches with that? Because I know there has to be something or everybody would just do that. Lower leverage, you can hold... It's just lower leverage, that's it. Yeah, it's just lower leverage, but you can hold through news events, you can trade news events and all of that stuff. And hold through weekends, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. The swing account's the way. That's what I would say. Swing account's the move, dude. This trade on Euro USD, bro, was like 350 pips.
Well, everybody wants to click money. They want the in and out or they want to try the aggressive counts because they think they can make it a lot faster. But they don't understand what these swing accounts say. You can really do it if you know what you're doing. People were laughing at me when I said I'm using that account. They're like, oh, why are you using that account? Why don't you just use your own money? That's just dumb. That's like saying, why don't you buy your house cash?
It all started because Cedar was using a prop account to trade options.
And people are like, why doesn't she just use her own money? I'm like, because you can take bigger risks when it's not your money. And you just do something else. It's smarter. Oh, and the taxes were different too. They do. You kind of get fucked after a certain amount of time because you can't deduct full-time trading status from your
Yeah, so if you lose a lot of money, you're capped to how much you can write off. But that's a whole other story that I need to get into. Just know that you're going to be... When you get there, you can worry about it. I almost said Bitcoin. Michael Saylor, his entire investment is at a $1 billion loss, apparently. I don't think that's right.
It might be. No, I don't think that's right. You know that Coinbase... Coinbase can technically liquidate their fucking port if they go under. And all the money that's in Coinbase, it will be used to pay Coinbase's debts before they pay back the investors. Just so you guys.
So their stock was down 50% the other week. It sounds like they're trying to fucking kill off crypto. Kill it off. Murder it. Dude, I'm not even lying. You could get aggressive. I don't know. There's probably someone in the US government that's fucking in the crypto group right now. Swing for sure. I'm just talking about this specific chart.
Oh, look, I was just talking about that, bro. And look, look at, look at, uh, trading stream real quick or stream chat real quick. This, somebody popped this up and they're like, isn't this the clause that Coinbase added to their, um, it says, Hey, um, isn't this the same language Coinbase just added?
oh yeah oh yeah celsius is getting absolutely wrecked oh that bitch is going to zero uh cindy you're unmuted now i just now saw where you tagged me and this is my bad he's talking about what's up bro celsius rug pulling or some shit yeah uh excellent what was the yeah so he said excellent there's futures beautiful for cryptocurrency
No, I think, bro, no cap, bro. I could actually see there's some task force in the US trying to eliminate crypto right now. Yeah, BlackRock. Not trying to eliminate it, but they're trying to destroy what it is and then rebuild how they want it. They're trying to give reason for regulations. They want it by their rules. If they haven't got enough yet with Luna, bro.
I don't know what's going to cost. I thought Luna was going to be the reason. I think it is. Did you guys watch that? I watched that one meeting on digital assets.
the one other time at stable coins and they they basically i mean they didn't say it but they said that i mean they did say it pretty much that the united states is creating the central bank digital currency but then like oh yeah they said and then they straight up also said they're like well this could take legislation years to come up with this and they said well you know we're not against using an executive order and i was like holy fuck sheesh like bro what
Yeah, no, this is all planned. What do you think about Gold Longs down from here? I would wait. I like Gold Longs right there, dude. I was just looking at Gold earlier. I think one of these dudes I was trading with was trying to catch Gold Longs earlier. I think it was Jerry, but she's in my zone right now, man. Here or 18-15.
I could even see like 1807 swept some demand introduction down in that area. Yeah, I want to get a good long up to somewhere to short the fuck out of it, bro. Yeah, dude. I'm trying to take her to 2K. Look at the weekly equal highs, man. Yeah, these right here. What if she comes up there? Yeah. That would be insanity. I mean, I wouldn't be that surprised. What's the last time?
Yeah, because like 08, it was one of the quicker assets to rally back, is gold. It literally started like a fucking four-year bull run. All the boomers going to buy the physicals. Gold, platinum, all of that. They're about to go crazy. Because the weakly on gold is still bullish, the way I drew it. Because to me, regardless, if you draw it here or here. Yeah, I see that as the range. Like this down here.
That one and the... Yeah, that one right there. Yeah, because it's weird with me with weekly pullbacks because it doesn't look like it, but kind of like what Algo was saying earlier, that's a pretty big pullback to me. You know what I'm saying? Well, that's demand introduction to me. I see that as reaccumulation on lower time frames, which it probably is if you go down to a daily. So if that's broken, then you can see that as a good indicator for downside. Exactly. Yeah, it's pretty clean. Just based off of that.
And then you've got all that liquidity down there. Mm-hmm. You need help? What's that? Oh, the wine? Dude, this fucking... No, this shit's funny. So my girl fucking... She ordered wine from this online thing. And it's like... OnlineWine.com? Is it OnlineWine.com?
first leaf um it's something like that that's a thing apparently that's what everybody said but um uh yeah like so they like delivered it and um they're like supposed to id you and all this shit and like they just don't they just keep like dropping it off and they they message and say like hey did the wine arrive
My girl was just like, no, it didn't arrive. And they've sent us, like, fucking 30 bottles of wine, bro. I'm not exaggerating. We just, like, keep getting... Bro, what site is this? Put me on. It's FirstLeaf. FirstLeaf, yeah. But I guess it's just because our FedEx worker doesn't give a fuck about IDing. Because they're supposed to, like, make you, like, sign for it. But they keep... Like, they asked. They were like, did you guys get this? Yeah, FedEx called. And we're like, no. Like, we didn't get it.
Just have, like, fucking 24 bottles of wine. It's good shit, too. It's not, like, crazy shit. It's, like, two years old. Four years old. My bad. Four years old. My girl said, what?
What'd you say, Flo? I said, come up right there, start selling it out the back. Fuck. How was your shit up there with Ebo? Y'all and I got turnt from what I heard. Crazy, dude. Had my ass blown chunks. Oh, yes. I unmuted you, but you didn't say anything. I unmuted you. Can you hear us now, Sanon? Because he asked me to unmute him, and I feel bad I unmuted. But I never hear him say anything when I unmute him.
It looks like he's talking talking, but it's no sound Yeah And this site's crazy. It's ask me if I like toast and shit when I'm just trying to It's crazy. It's ask me if I like toast And muted you saying it I feel bad cuz homies asked to been unmuted like whoa And my girl said she's got coupons first come first serve blue No port I'm done
I'm down, man. You guys need to start playing Rust, bro. You know what I was going to say. You knew exactly what I was going to say. I need a new game. Bro, do you have a PC? Yeah, I can hear you. I can hear you now. I do not. Rust? Do they have console Rust? They might. They should. I would think they do. No, I said they have crossplay Rust.
It would be hard to play a console. I mean, I don't know. It's like a super fucking... Let me see. We might see some reaction at a... What is this? What level is this? What the hell? They have it on Xbox One? Wait, am I like... It says it's been out since fucking... 21,724.3. It's not on Xbox? Bro, it's trying to say it's been on Xbox since 2013. Huh?
No shot. Oh, no, it's not. Bitcoin longs at 21.7... Yeah, 21,720. I think it's coming out, or maybe it just came out. I don't know. I've seen, like, multiple things. Oh, yeah, no, no. It says console edition 5 2021, so I guess it has been out. But I don't know how that will work, bro, because, like, I don't have, like, a crazy... Like, my gaming PC, it's, like... It's not...
it's not like a piece of shit or anything but it's not as advanced as it could be and it has some trouble running rust like i mean literally it takes bro like no fucking bullshit like we plan a server that'll have like 200 300 people at a time and it will take me like from the time that i start like click to start rust to the time in a game like sometimes it's like 30 to 40 minutes i'm not exaggerating like to load the game now they got it on here press console edition
It's only got two stars, though. It probably runs terrible. Yeah, it probably doesn't work out too well. Dude, Rust's fun, though. It's a challenge, though, bro. That shit will teach you patience. What is it, Battle Royale? No, hell no. It's like... It's like Minecraft with guns. But, like, survival. It's like you start out... It's one of those survival games, like The Forest. Oh, okay. Yeah, but way harder.
Because you got like hundreds of other people that all want to kill you. It's like Escape from Tarkov. Yeah, kind of like that. Okay. That's like one of those types of games. Like those ultra realistic, well not ultra realistic, but those like survival shooters. I don't know. Yeah, you get shot with like one bullet. Build a base with your friends, fucking clap other clans. Dude, me and my homie, we started the server late and we're like...
It's like, bro, you're just gonna keep your head down, bro. You're, like, running around out there. You got a bow and arrow. There's motherfuckers out here geared up. You hear people. You hide. Type shit. But it's fun, though. Straight gats. Yeah, literally, bro. Like, we, like, went out. Each might show some demand soon, man. I like a good old urethrium.
Oh, it's actually in this zone that we marked a little bit ago. Somebody was asking about it, and I was like, yeah, I don't know. This zone's all right. Fuck it. You could look at it. I was like, it probably won't roll. I had 1,300, and then I had 11. You got OTE at 21.7k on Bitcoin. Excuse me. Some short-term bounce there. I mean, I would play longs. With crypto, I use, for 15 minutes, I like to use...
um wicks but i just don't trust this like as a swing like that just looks like
it's obviously great to me i don't know i would need quite a bit that's why i'd rather use up here then i would be more confident i'd rather use four hour internal structure because here's the thing like when you use like the idea behind internal structure is it's going to be swing structure on a lower time frame but half the time with crypto it's so sus and like liquidity rating that those four hour internal structure
I'm sorry. The 15 minute swing structure breaks aren't even breaking any internal structure in the four hours. So I've one thing I've been kind of like messing around with is waiting to get a four hour change of character instead of. Yeah, I do that. The hourly breaks will show you that. Yeah, that's very well. Yeah. For the lower highs and the higher lows on the four hour. Hourly breaks upside and downside are beautiful for that.
JL? Huh? You getting on? Oh yeah, I'm getting on right now. Alright. Good ol' Bortnite. This game's trash. It is some trash. I literally... Yeah. Sheesh, we got some stuff cooking up for the week, boys. Oh yeah, I'll go. Looks good. Uh...
fucking euro usd bro looks like it is coming directly for the the week low yeah dude i should have i should have take profit even lower but it's all good take profit oh oh yeah yeah because you're already in discount
104.1. I took it at 104.8. You're deep in discount on EURUSD right now, but it's a redistro. It looks like it's going to break... What would this be? When did you short EURUSD? That was honestly clean. I put the...
Hold on. 5 a.m. When? What the fuck? June 9th, 5 a.m. We went over it on stream that day. Wait, you caught that fucking top, bro? Bro, that was the one that I was posting like weeks before. Go in Forex chat right now. You'll see I've been posting that play for weeks before that whole hit. I know, but I'm saying you caught it. Do you know how much that would have paid on the 200k? That's that 30 lot you're talking about, bro. Yeah, dude. 355 pips.
I know, bro. If you did the 30 lot, it came out to like 72 Gs. On one trade, man. You held for two days. That's 1.5% of the account. Yeah, 80% of that, dog. Done. This wasn't the one that you missed? So that you can do a 30 lot, too. No, that was the half a pip. The half a pip.
Wait, it missed you by half a pip? Yeah. Oh, did you chart it on MT5? I charted it on... No, this is on TradingView. No, TradingView missed. Yeah, you have to use...
They all missed. That's why I was like, you caught that trade? Because I was trying to get into a short because I had this worked up for a long ass time. It tapped the .5 of the four hour supply perfectly. No, we're talking about on the MetaTrader chart. Yeah, even on MetaTrader, I recharted it and it hit. Well, I think it was this last candle, right? Was what you were looking for on the 15 minute? Or no? It hit on the 15 minute. It was. So if you look on the hourly, it broke structure to the downside at...
Okay, at 5 o'clock p.m. on May 30th. We should have longed that GBPJPY. The candle before that candle was the one that I chose on the hourly, which was, yeah, that zone that you have right there. Look at my at. The model that I'm building right now, I need to just get back on it. I pretty much have it. I just need to put it all into Notion where it's nice and organized. Basically, it's like... Oh, you started using Notion? Yeah, dude. It's fucking cracked.
Yeah. But I'm still getting used to it, to be honest. I'm using it, but it's like, am I really? I mean, I'm getting there. I'm building a notion I'm going to share with all you guys that's going to have a fuckload of stuff in it. But it's honestly, it's easy, but it's kind of hard to figure out at first to get it looking right. Or at least leverage it the most, the best, I should say. I had that refined, too. Oh, yeah. I was talking about the H4. The H4 was clean.
um algo taught me uh that the liquidity providers are different so you have to like recharge it on mt5 yeah you just got to find your poi on trading view and then refine it exactly for mt5 do you like mt5 over four
I like 5 over 4, to be honest, just because I can place entry, stop loss on the chart. Yeah, that's why they told me the MT5. You can do entry and stop loss on the chart, bro. You right-click, buy limit, you can move it up and down, reset your stop losses through the chart. Oh, I'm talking about the phone app. Yeah, with that fucking stop loss, the green, bro, the lines, are you talking about the lines? Yeah, bro, that shit's fire. I've never used 5, I might fuck with it.
Dude, you gotta check out 5. I think it's cleaner on the phone, dude. A lot cleaner on the phone. I don't know. I like trading on the phone anyway. I don't like trading on the computer, if I'm to be honest. Yeah. I do, but not fucking MetaTrader, bro. MetaTrader on the computer, I feel like I just went back in a time machine. I know, dude. I'm watching Scott Carney all over again. Yeah, literally, bro.
Yo, we should have definitely taken those off of equilibrium, JL. Oh, the Euro USD? Nah, GBP, JPY. I mean, I'd still watch it come down here. See, I would have felt good entering off the phone on these Euro shorts. Because this is like a fully confirmed period. The GBP USD. Bro, we would have had 100 pips. Because these are the lower highs of the four hours. That's a 15 minute lower high. JL, that was a 100 pip pullback.
What? On GBPJPY. Oh, the last time we talked about it? No, right now. No, the longs. The shorts? I don't even want to talk about the shorts. The shorts? That's 700 pips. It's a 4% move to the downside. I'm coming, I'm coming. I don't even want to talk about that. I'm looking for relief on Euro USD, but it might take out that week below.
What else was I looking for? USDJPY. I was waiting for bullish reaction on that. I just downloaded MT5. GBP. GBPUSD. I'm considering. I'm just kind of plotting out the risk to reward. I'm not going to set any limits just yet. But I want to see how we react to it. Got it. Yeah. And if I took them.
Depending on what kind of structure we form here. Depending on why I take profits. Because really, I mean, if look at the four hour, theoretically, the only thing is here, the weekly, to me, I mean, this looks pretty bearish. You get that liquidity rate of the upside. Like, while it is still bullish here, to me, that's a weak low now. Like this, I mean, it's on the four hour, it's a strong low. But on the weekly, which with four hours especially, I try to be really mindful of like the weekly levels. I look at that as a weak low.
because I'm not going to consider this high a high, like a swing high, because we just got a pretty clear it was a liquidity raid. So what's ADA doing? For some reason, I have an alert set on ADA. Maybe it was too short. Oh, it's bouncing right now. Did we tap equilibrium on fucking MetaTrader or something?
On what? GPPJBY. Oh, yeah. Oh, we did. Equilibrium on. Well, we got very close to it on my four hour on trading view, but we didn't fully tap it. I thought it did. Hold on. So to me, it would equal it. It would be just this whole or the range would be this whole range. Oh, no, I didn't tap it. You're right. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. But I'm saying, did it tap it on MT5?
I got ADA though. Orange. Naranja. Shut the fuck up. Have you guys ever played the goat simulator? Yeah. Yeah, I've heard of it. Did I remember when goat simulator was popping, dog? It was like bread in that game. Seems like we got a nice reaction to this. I wouldn't mess with this here.
I'm going to stick to my guns. I'm going to long it down here. What oil? Oil, and I'm looking at the U.S. oil chart. I'm looking for it to hit. Technically, it looks like it put in a three-drive pattern, and that's why it's pulling back, because I'm looking at the four-hour, but what's it called? Yeah, it just looks good. I think we still haven't tapped into supply on the four-hour.
your supply i am supply uh yes technically you tap that demand zone that's sitting at equilibrium though on what uh gbv jpy oh yeah yeah so we should have logged it there but i still think it's going to come back 162.5 that would be eek of that i have
I think we should still pull back a little bit. I don't know. Well, we could come up and form our UTAD or LPSY. Yeah, that's what I was afraid of. I was like, no! No UTAD! Not yet! I have to be in the UTAD. Well, we have to form the UTAD. I'm saying the longs are short, so we could have missed the long part of the shorts. Yeah, I know.
You had a glowing one hour candle too. What do you mean a glowing? Oh, one year. That makes me think of Nessie. That's probably what those candles were, bro. Yeah, y'all remember that shit? That's probably literally what it was. I guarantee it's probably the same logic. I don't really like trading. Actually, I don't know.
You're just kind of out of session really for this right now, this pair as well. It's another thing to keep in mind. Yeah, sorry. I know everybody's probably wanting more of a crypto stream, but there's just not much to work with yet. I think with Bitcoin, for me, next liquidity target that's going to get cleared is going to be down here at $21,920. So that's where I'd start to potentially look for something. But until then, I mean, I'm just chilling.
Yeesh. About to go eat some lunch. I'll catch up, boys, later. I was going to say, yeah, for sure. We'll be on here tomorrow, too. I'll hop on and hit some 4X. I might wake up early as fuck tomorrow and try to kill zone. But yeah, so I appreciate all you guys coming through. If you guys have any questions, just at me, DM me, whatever, and we'll figure it out. And until tomorrow, I'll see you later. Have a good day, bro. For sure. You too, man.
