Hey, what's up, guys? In this video, I'm going to go over setups for the week ahead on the dollar, on the Dow, the NASDAQ, ES, which is the S&P 500, and Bitcoin. So I'm going to let everybody hop in because this was a live stream. And if you're watching this, you can go ahead and fast forward a couple minutes to get ahead. I'm going to post this on Discord. Also, if you guys want, you can get a free trial to the Discord down in the description, as you guys may know if you've been watching for a while.
First I'm going to go over, I'm going to get everybody a chance to get in here, but one of the first things I'm going to go over is DXY and pretty clean price action here. We traded down under these old lows. They're equal lows as well, especially if you're on a lower timeframe. So there's going to be a ton of liquidity here that we took out. We came under them in the last couple of days.
And this has been after a pretty massive correction in the dollar that I think we've all been waiting for. And we've seen the reflection of that in nearly every other market with these massive bullish moves, everything from the stock market to foreign currency markets.
Crypto has not been as much. We've ate some off crypto nicely, though. We caught this little crypto pump and play bit. I think some of you guys may have caught on to that whenever I didn't want to show my regular Bitcoin chart because we were in the trade. That's just not fair to the private members. But I will give you guys some free game here on Bitcoin. I think that this POI is really nice. This order block down here, just because I look at it as we had like a second power of three right here. So we had like this manipulation.
distribution and i think that that's kind of what pushed us back up through the first range so to me that's a pretty important part we if we're looking for a uh i guess footprint of manipulation just like we got this what we used to get into the regular trade there was another i think it was a one hour yeah i use this one hour order block and then i put a stop under this candle it's very bad you got candle because i like both the pois um and the risk reward was good enough for me to trade from that higher poi
I ended up did going down to this fair value gap. But when we look over here, so we have this massive, you know, accumulation, manipulation, distribution. Forgive me with my sloppy drawings, but you guys get what matters. We have another one on a smaller scale over here, if you look.
A lot of orders built up in this range. Price moved down rapidly, and then we expanded. So where do we really expand from? Well, we already mitigated and traded back down into the zone that we originally pushed out of. We kind of came back down to this fair value gap, and then that was where the large investors stepped back into the marketplace. So that's why I like this candle, that order block in the four-hour chart. I think that price has a good chance to go back down here. Or it may reverse this fair value gap, but if you guys...
are not active in any you know swings on crypto or if you're thinking that you know crypto is looking better um at least for some some kind of relief um then you know maybe watch this zone i wouldn't just trade from it um but if i saw a bullish structure you know price rating liquidity into this zone followed by breaks of structure i would look for uh longs if i wasn't already in some we've already been on these for quite some time now it's been yeah over a week
So what I want to go over first is the dollar chart, because really everything that we are watching, for the most of you guys that we're watching the stock market, we're watching...
the foreign exchange markets with dollar pairs, which are majors, and then we're watching crypto. So if we want to see bullish continuations in any other market, that includes stock market, that includes crypto or euro dollar, pound dollar, whatever, we want to see this bearish order flow that we have kind of been newly introduced to. We want to see it sustained because we almost forgot what it was to have a bearish dollar.
When we look at the structure where the real displacement is, I think we have a pretty wide range that we're playing with. And you can look at it from two different perspectives. So option one, and it's going to be our daily impulse range right here.
you'd want to see a reaction from this area right here or that fair value gap. And that's just the first area that's in a premium of this range. Again, that's just using the daily kind of most recent impulse range. And, you know, you could move it down to here, but I think that, you know, this is all one part of the same displacement because if we look, we never took this low really with any force before creating this entire range. So, you know, you could say here, here, because we barely pipped the low, but.
To me, that's not really the kind of displacement I want to see when I look for a shift in structure or a continuation breakup structure. So when I look here, we took that low with force here, so I want to include all of that. Now, option two, if you like a four-hour chart to get a better view of this, is we include all of this because, you know, that was a massive area where we had a lot of displacement. That was when we had the FOMC, if I'm not mistaken, back in early November. We created this massive fucking fair value gap. Now, I like this option.
Overall, this would give me more confidence to, you know, if we came up in this zone and started to reverse, that would give me more confidence in a continuation of the bearish narrative we've seen on the dollar. But I like stepping stones. So what I would say is the draw for the dollar is going to be this zone right here. So again, my reasoning for that is, you know, we could be in a wider range. We could consider all of this. You know, we came down and took the sell side price on the desire to move up, or we can be a little bit more.
conservative with our price range and kind of take it one step at a time. So overall, more of the story, I'm just looking for this zone. So that's 106, 29 to 107. So what that would mean is if I think this is the current draw.
Not for the entire week, but overall, just right now, what I think price is pushing towards, that's what I'm looking for. So if that's the case, we probably will see a little bit of a bearish reaction throughout markets. We also have this volume imbalance in the daily chart, but it's not at a premium of this range. Maybe if you draw it here, that could also be something to watch out for, which that is the 105.69 level. So there's a volume imbalance there.
And then we have that four-hour order block. Now, if I look back over the last 20 days, because if we're day trading, we'd like to do a 20-day look back to kind of see what levels the algorithm is likely to seek after. So you could do it two ways. You could do 14 trading days.
That's 20 days. I like to do an actual 20 days. Somebody's going to say, oh, you didn't do it right, but that's just personal preference. Now, this is where I got that, the last 20 trading days, this is where I got that idea that we could be trading within that entire range. So whenever we look at the last 20 trading days and we see the high and low of that area, that is kind of our day trading range. And if we're in a discount of this range,
and we're at a discount of the most recent impulse range, that gives us reason to look for upside. Now, again, we have multiple confluences we want to use whenever we're trying to develop bias. So we took out sell-side liquidity at these old lows, and we also tapped off of this fair value gap right down here.
really ended the order block. So again, and we're seeing a pretty nice reaction so far. My cats, he loves to be in the center of attention. He's trying to get in front of the computer screen. Sorry about that. If we go down to a one hour, you know, we're seeing a pretty clear shift in structure out if you drop here or there, pretty clear shift in structure. So I think price is trying to reach up. So now for the
Stock market, this kind of goes in alignment with that narrative. Now, if I go on the daily chart, I talked about this a while back. I was wrong. I think it was the week before last I wanted us to trade down lower into this, but I was wrong on that. I still like the level. I was just wrong on the timing. So whenever I look at this level and I kind of look in this impulse, so to speak, and you could really draw all of this range, that would give us that low right at equilibrium.
Fair value gap and unmitigated order block just below. Also, if you notice, that is also pretty close. This is the last 20 days, so you'd move it here if you want to be really specific, but we're also in a premium of our last 20 trading days. So we have that internal sell side liquidity resting right at equilibrium, right? And there's going to be a ton of stop losses there because if we go down to these levels here,
See a lot of stop-offs before you can get there and really here too I think I think a lot of retail traders are gonna look at this as support
This right here is looking like support. It's kind of like a buy wall. So I think that whenever we have clean levels like that or clean areas, clean zones, they like to get clocked. So we've got equal lows on the four-hour right here, here, and here. We've got this internal liquidity resting right at that equal area of the 20-day trading range. So I think the overall narrative here is going to be we're going to see some more downside. Now, we also took...
out this volume imbalance, trade into that order block that we created before that massive CPI dump back in September. So a lot of stuff would make sense to see some form of retracement here. We also took out local buy stops.
It goes equal highs, traded above it, and now we've fallen back in the range. So another thing you can look at, just because I get a lot of questions on power of three, and I think people overcomplicate it. It's really just kind of getting, it's a concept. It's just, you know, accumulation of orders within a range. So we see a range, a sharp push out of the range, and then a massive push back down. So I think that this is what we're seeing here on ES. So overall, I would look for, me, Pirates, I would look for cells.
I'm not going to say every single day is going to be a massive sell-off, but I would be a little bit more bearish into these lows. And again, I'm all about stepping stones. I like this better as a final target, but I'd be watching price here for a reversal because I don't like to get kind of married to a level, so to speak, where I just am forcing that that gets hit. I'm just looking at it. What way is the river flowing? Where is price likely to move towards next? So I'm looking down. We have this zone. I have it marked.
Right. So now some of you guys are probably like, what do you mean? I have a mark just because, you know, I mean, it is when we're looking at right now, we do have bullish order flow. We're taking higher highs, making higher lows. But we have to look at that in the context of that daily chart. We have to look at that in the context of the DXY. A lot of different things that can help us, you know, kind of develop a early bias or an early sentiment before it happens.
So overall, I think we're drawing down with ES. It's very similar on NASDAQ. I think NASDAQ is a better selling opportunity, as of right now at least, just as far until we, because we're farther away from this low. Look at YM and ES. They're both pretty close to those lows. I think that that's the next stop. So you can look at it. We can try to look at it from a long-term, well, long-term for us day traders. It seems like that's longer than a day.
for a lot of people, but I shouldn't use the term long-term. We could look for a more, something that's going to take days to weeks, which I think is going to be down in this range, that low, 39.12, down to this fair value gap. Or you can develop draws on liquidity on lower timeframes. So for instance, if we're on a 15-minute here, I'm not going to be that guy that's going to call level that we're right next to. But let's say if we're up here in the range, well, we had that overall bias that was bearish.
if you look down here on friday and after we took that buy side from those equal highs and then price made clear decision to start pushing down so how do we know that displacement displacement and you can just see that price you know is beginning to be on that sell side of the curve we're going down taking all the stops so um stepping stones i would say this low
And then down to this fair value gap. I've got to revisit things. But be mindful of all these equal lows. So Bitcoin, I think, is going to come back down to this POI. Again, I kind of want to know that in the beginning. That's where I would revisit it. We're already in longs. Some people are taking profits. Some people haven't.
That that's the zone I would be watching I still do like 18 up here 18 200 this level right here 18 230 cuz I we had originally the final TP for me was gonna be this What I'm gonna do now is I'm just gonna take 75% here and stops break even 75% of what's left Look at some these questions. Hi Casper What's up Bjorn? Joe said do I think Bitcoin will sweep 16 7 before next leg up?
What is 16.7 this? Oh, yeah. Well, there's your answer. Yeah, for sure. Good eye. I would say that's what's going to happen for sure. You do the same thing I did with the stock market on crypto. I mean, I just think crypto is kind of consolidating. I think we're in a discount of this range. We obviously have taken out everything known to man in 2022 after the FTX madness.
Do I think that this is for sure just the bottom of crypto? I don't necessarily want to say that. I don't want to say it's not. But again, I'm all about stepping stones. I'm not...
looking to try to catch the entire bottom. I will say though, I am more bullish. If I had to lean, I'd lean more bullish overall. Now that could be another massive fucking manipulation range because if we're looking at this like a daily power of three, I mean, we've already been down here for some time to be honest. It's crazy. I was 11th. Damn, it's almost been a, it's been a month since the FTX shit. That's fucking scary kind of how fast time goes. I honestly don't like that whenever I realize it's been like a really long time.
And I thought it was really short. It just shows you how quick time goes by. What's up, Bloom? Fair value gap at equilibrium there as well, right above or around the order block. That was early on the stream, so probably DXY.
Yeah. Yeah. That's what you're talking about right there. Maybe, I don't know. A little for everybody got, um, also, um, how, how do indices correlate with the dollar same way that foreign currencies correlate with it? Yeah. So basically just like the dollar, think about if your pair has USD, like, so if your pair has USD at the beginning,
That means if the dollar pumps, your pair is going to pump too. If it's denominated by U.S. dollars, which means it has U.S. dollar at the end, then if the dollar pumps, your pair is going to dump. So for instance, a bullish dollar is bearish euro dollar, bearish cable or pound dollar, bearish Aussie dollar. A bullish dollar would be a bullish dollar cad, bullish dollar yen, bullish dollar swissi.
and so forth and the same thing goes for gold indices are also you know the united states equity so they're going to be denominated by the dollar so the dollar is just think of it like you know value pits like um how much money is is how much value is our investors pumping into the dollar by taking profits or by selling assets because if the if the dollar is bullish that means that large funds or large forces
And large investors are taking money out of investments. We're taking money out of other currencies, so to speak, and putting that into the dollar. That's the way that I was taught. And I mean, it makes sense. I mean, it's obviously a little more complicated, but that's the gist. That's what you need to know. Also, thanks for the good vacation wishes. I did have a good vacation. What's up, Hodo? What's up, Haas? Brayden? Where's the crypto? Good, bro. How you doing? Hell yeah.
Where are the rest of the Degenerates at today? The keys.
Yeah, it was fun. It was fire for sure. Super chill, super lax. I mean, there's like a party scene down there, but we didn't really do that. We just chill. Like we went, we did like a sunset cruise, like a booze cruise where it's like you sip like mimosas and rum punch and they go out and have like a live band on a big ass boat. They go out for like a couple hours in the evening. Then we did like a dolphin cruise. It was actually, we actually saw dolphins because everyone I've been on is always on horseshit. Like they're like, yeah, dolphin cruise. And there's never any dolphins.
I kind of knew, I just wanted to go for like to be on a boat, you know, but they were actually, they're actually ended up being, uh, being dolphins. So it was pretty cool. It was fun. I feel like this is literally the part where everybody's like all the late, all the people that were like shorting the fuck out of this entire pump. Now we're going to buy. Yeah. I like oil sensei. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's why I like, it's just like, I swear I've seen some people start getting bullish. Oh, I already have. Oh no. U S oil is where I need to do my TA.
That's crude. I don't know why I'm not trading. There it is. Again, smacking levels. What is this? At 83.28, what did it hit? 83.32. Those monthly levels, whatever side of them you're on, they always be smacking up, especially if they line up with other stuff. I think we talked about this a little bit that we're going to draw back up into this weekly imbalance.
This one, I would say you're starting to get to that point where you're at a lot of levels and prices kind of consolidating and coiling. So you've hit this weekly imbalance. You are in this order block. So I could see some consolidation and maybe more upside, to be dead honest.
Right now, this is something I would be like really using the stepping stone method, so to speak. I would just be looking for this fair value gap that you're almost in already, you know, and then wait for a reaction. Oil has been super clean lately.
So, I mean, and if we don't get a reaction there, you know, I would say that the overall draw would be that low, like 73 bucks. But again, you're getting close to, you know, you're in this month, the order block, right? You filled the monthly fair value gap. You've ran liquidity inside of that. Now you've kind of, you came up and rebalanced or not rebalanced, repriced into this fair value gap. So you're starting to take out those, those walls, so to speak. So like, for instance, if price comes down,
you know, like let's say we have an order block or whatever, you know, whatever area you want to buy from and price comes down into it very rapidly. Like you get like a massive push down and you get like, you know, prices consolidating and it gets a massive push. You know, that first push out is not going to be the one that usually gives you the best reaction. Like it's not just going to do this. It's going to probably move up and kind of do like a stair stepper method. And it builds up that trendline liquidity where retail looks to go long. And then
price you know hits that fair value gap so like for instance if you made a big move down so you've got a fair value gap price is usually going to react from that but once that's gone you know once you take that out you're kind of paving the way so to speak if if the overall narrative is indeed bullish this is what's going to happen before it goes really bullish then you're going to get more liquidation of early longs and then the true move starts so
With oil, if we look on the weekly, we have that fair value gap right there. Price traded right into it, right off that old monthly or the beginning of that monthly order block. And now we've shown the desire to want to push down. We want to swing high. Price is running liquidity right here. You can see it better on a lower time frame chart. We ran liquidity and now massive push down. Super big break of structure right there. So if we're looking at a one hour, it's going to four hour and our daily, sorry.
I'm gonna, you've got this daily fair value gap. I'm gonna go on a four hour to kind of refine it. Got some equal lows right here. I'm gonna go on a 15 minute, just like look at this. All right, I guess I can't.
there we go so um a lot of equal lows right here that we're definitely so i mean it's literally about to take it i don't want to be that guy i hate when people be like yep they'll like send it put a picture of this and then it's like yeah i called that bro but that's that is where i think it's going and i mean it's going to go to this uh fair uh in this fair value gap on the daily i mean that's you're kind of following order flow too if it reverses here that would be bullish you know because again
Like I was saying, we came down into this weekly order block, right? Yes, we had the imbalance because we came down into it sharply, but these are pretty strong levels. I think we're at a monthly order block. We can refine that down into this massive one, the largest candle in terms of body. Tapped into that. We've ran liquidity into it right here.
So we came up tapping that fair value gap, got our normal reaction. But if we start to see bullish order flow, you know, after you maybe take these lows out or take this low or anywhere in this region, right? If we take a fib and draw it on this whole little move, you know, we've got some liquidity here that could get ran under that low. I've got this right here. Okay, that's fair value gap. So there's a lot of stuff that could help the price move up. So if you get...
i would look for like a one hour just to be safe here like if you see price come into this get your reversal pattern um you get that like literally anywhere on this whole uh or in this whole range and a discount you know i'd be looking for longs i think it's what's up how's that flow you see your mic sound hella different how are you doing good bro hell yeah yeah it shows fire what is it
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, the whores. I started fucking with these. They can get a little overbid. Like, I need to clean up some charts. Like, GU. My GU chart's fucking starting to... My OCD's getting triggered. But... Man, this shit's actually really fire now that I look at this. Like, I traveled through this fair value gap. Came down and went right off by the bottom. What was that? 1-9-0-0-8. It was like... Eight. I don't even know that. I can't remember the word for that. Pipettes.
Yeah, I think that I think we're going to move down a little bit on what's it called on equities.
Yeah, no this low right here at 30. It's the 30th little cleaner to be on I I've been testing this strategy, bro It's like a super weird strategy Like I'd almost have to like have somebody code it because it's like super low risk to reward but it's fucking really fire like it's crazy It was like It was only like an average are two and some of them it would be like somewhere three are somewhere like point nine are But it's like some like super it's some like a robot type shit. I don't know if I could even
do it like myself just because i mean i probably could i guess but it was on 30 the strategy is on 30 and it was like it was like 10r for every month for like three months i need to do more yeah i was like damn but it was like a rocky ride though and oh yeah that was also risking two percent of the account on each trade yeah it's pretty dope and it's just only no bias nothing except uh one chart like it's literally just one it's like it's like some straight algo shit like you'd have to
Yeah, like it's like one time frame, one type of day. It's like weird almost, bro. Yeah, that's just crazy. I mean, simplicity is key. It really is. You have to see that Dow looks better than anything else. But at the same time, we took out those August highs. I'm going to look at that actual like US 30 chart for this. It'd be easier probably. Yeah. Well, actually.
I don't know. It kind of didn't tap where I would usually want it to tap. That one a little higher. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you draw the zone like this, actually, this would be like the ICT order block too. Would be all three of these candles. Like that day on the daily. Yeah. So this actually looks pretty good. I like that better. I was being greedy and drawing the max candle. The full port candle.
oh yeah this actually likes i mean yeah if we if we start to get um
Fuck, bro. I mean, honestly, like if I go to like a weekly, because the US 30 has been like straight shit coin pumpage. I mean, literally, if this is the same level, I was just looking at daily. I feel like that. Yeah, I feel like that we could see some like 30, 31, seven type beat over time. But I don't know that that goes that kind of is like dependent to on like the Fed, because if they come out and start talking that no slowing interest rate talk, shit's going to start getting rowdy.
oh yeah that's yeah like the massive because when we first started this rally i kept wanting that to get ran i was like it's not happening bro just this way it's gonna be months it's like it's not that would be fucking sickening people would be everyone would be liquidated i mean yeah if i was looking at this like if i looked at this like just this on like a 15 minute chart i'd be like oh i'm about to shorten this though
that's I always try to think like that I'm like okay like because it's always like the the times where I'm like I either like think something's too crazy or like nah that ain't gonna happen like it always happens I feel like yeah like you said on the if we get a displacement break on the daily like of this recent little low we put in and then like start to follow that I mean I would short all the way into like 31.7 before I would even think about like changing up and then really still be bearish until another daily break up but
yes though i feel like es looks fucking like yes and nasdaq look like yes looks good in my opinion i mean it it definitely still bearish order flow for sure i mean it's it's but like as far as like the the bottom we made here we had that high resistance run on liquidity not like like uh the dow is a low resistance run so like that theoretically would be targeted like what the lows you're talking about but then on es those would be like protected well i mean until they've they've kind of already done their point though because if we
on the weekly chart we've already came back into a premium of this range i mean if we're just just talking about price action and like nothing else like theoretically there is not really a reason um the only thing i could see that we haven't cleaned out is this volume imbalance and that's like literally it that's at um oops
That's like like 42 36. Yeah, that's the only thing like that I mean and to be fair to I always like one thing that I've watched for recently is if I'm like just trying just ranges like any kind of liquidity like that in a range like I like that getting ran just even if there's not a POI beyond it just because it's like Liquidity in a premium. I'm gonna draw this different There we go. Yeah, no, that's always I Have a thing. I don't think I have a daily and volume of balance yet
I'll just be writing it. That makes me sad. I don't know why. I just want shit to be bullish. Like, I'm like, fuck. Yeah, like, but like then at the same time, like, bro, like, I mean, because if I look at like a...
I always get on myself if I ever, like, switch up shit. Like, because I try not to do that. Like, but if I look at, like, DXY on the yearly chart, which I know that's kind of, like, ridiculous. But, I mean, like, it looks like a straight fucking ICT order or ICT entry. Like, look at this shit, bro. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, this shit looks like it's about to fly, bro. Like, at least here. At least, like, 121.
i also because really though it's crazy so like i use this thing this is from like the 2016 ict it's like you got like the monthly order blocks that are like the most recent pro trend order block it doesn't have to even break structure anything it's just it's just a can of gotten engulfed and traded through and like you use the most recent yeah yeah yeah it's usually it can be a rally based but sometimes it's not it just it really depends like sometimes like if you're like like which one is i looking at recently
There was one that was actually like clean because I was showing somebody this. It's been actually a little while since my charts have probably been marked up. But basically it's just that.
That like last pro-trend, so to speak, order buck. So it wasn't all yet DXY. So like, for instance, like here, we're moving up. We've got this down candle, down close candle. So it's like, that would be the first one. Then you take the next, like the most recent candle to it as a bearish order buck that doesn't touch. It's like high or low. And you use wicks. Like if you draw left, the most recent bearish candle that doesn't touch it is all the way up here, which is at 116.
40 now the only thing you do from this really is this is just like a long-term range like you can incorporate it into like your regular premium and discount so like for instance like you'd say okay well we're in you could use it as just like a conflict okay well we're at the bottom of this range you know i mean so like the last kind of so like here you know we haven't hit the top yet but we're in a discount of it so that was also going along with the dxy analysis side where it's like you know
Modest targets, very modest, modest, modest would be like 107, 106. I think it's probably going to go higher, like take out all these highs into this imbalance. And then there's that daily zone. But at that point, then it's like, okay, well, if we want shit to continue, it's really going to determine or what's really going to determine it is just the Fed stance. And I don't want to trade off of what they're saying, but it's going to be at a key level.
one of these fomc days or close to it and then we're gonna see yeah it's like like bro like this shit i remember i'm like es in like september i think it's not on this chart actually go back the show is so fucked up like i watched i was like this is like it's like legal scam shit bro like i swear is like it really was like i was like bro what the hold on is it this one or is it it's either es or um
Oh, yeah, watch this. That's what it was. So it's like, okay, here's the daily order block, like the body. Just the last candle, so to speak. So I'm just going to draw that and make sure my... No, it's not this one. I think it's NQ. Because it was one that was like literally, but I like tapped it and I was just gone. I was like, Jesus Christ. But it's like open scam shit. It might have been. Let me see. No, I don't think it was NQ. Actually, hold on. Let me go to the daily. That was a weekly. I don't know. Maybe it's... I'm looking at the wrong charts again. I did the same thing.
This ended up getting smacked. Oh, yeah, I think it was right here. Yeah, this is it right here. Like, look at this shit, bro. Like, what the fuck? Like, this was like that. It's like, bro. Like, if you just shorted that order block. If you just shorted that order block, bro. Oh, yeah, no, for sure. Like, just trading the daily. Like, just the daily, bro. You would have hit, like, I mean, obviously, no. Like, this is hindsight. Like, this would never happen. But just like that. Just that. Just instant zero drawdown, like, 7R within, like, I think it was, like.
like bro but um like another thing too like the thing that's funny about a lot of people knows about funded accounts is like they're not even like even when you get your account like for the first couple months it's still not even real money so like you'll get filled because ict was like talking some shit he was like no one could have got filled here like no one could have and i was like okay well i did like i know i did but then i'm like okay well he actually has a he has a point though because like even though i'm on funded live
The fund, the firms, they're a casino model, like just like CFDs, like they're not even you're not even trading with real money. They're literally paying you with failed people's challenges. Yeah. So a lot of that's what CFDs are. So even if you're trading, like even if you're on like like Eagle Forex or any any broker with your money and you're trading like indices, it's a CFD. So it's a casino model. So basically they pay the winners with the losers money and they keep the rest. There's actually no instruments exchanging hands.
There's no liquidity. It's great and that's that's like broke what I remember when I read that and I was like Okay, like it's just
bro yeah right you don't but here's the thing though the prop firm game like a lot of them are just like they're all the same fucking investors at the end of the day it's just different front end so like you know like ftmo and mff run their own but a lot of these smaller ones they're like the same groups of investors like that you know people they just develop the front end of the business and then there's the firms that actually have the money and they're it's all the same firms and shit behind a lot of it they're foreign banks but it's pretty crazy like that that hustle
Fuck that. I would never want to put my... Yeah, no, yeah, for sure. That's what Matt does. I'll go ahead and tell you right now. 100%. For sure. Which is the smart way. It's the smart way to do it. Damn, look at this. An Aussie dollar. Oops, wrong chart. It's going to go for these lows. Shit. I like this for Aussie dollar. Damn, it's like I went to the beach and everything's bearish now or some shit. At least for right now.
i think i think this this shit will probably get ran yeah it was fucking dope bro it was actually like cold like good or like physically cold oh no i didn't feel like was that shit cold bro but no um it was no no it was like 80 degrees nah yeah it was like 80 degrees it was like um
uh like 79 80 80 85 like that range but it felt hotter because the bro why am i getting these emails i had these these emails for meld which is like ada ave like it's like they're trying to like be like a uh like a lending protocol on card i give it to me none of these cardano they're all building still make sure i just want to like yolo i know i just know i'm gonna get rugged i'm gonna get rugged for sure
I feel like $100 in it because there's a lot of times where I wish I would have done that. Just like $50 or $100. I want to see what the fuck. Is this even on exchanges? Yeah, I don't think it is. Oh, wait. Oh, no. These don't count. MinSwap. That was another one that was... I remember whenever before the crypto just died. The volume is so low. That's crazy. I was looking into the ADA ecosystem, but that was before they had the Alonzo failure where they couldn't even fucking... It was back in September last year.
But I think once they get their shit together, because they have a lot of government backing. Cardano is like, they're super in with, which some people don't like that, but they're super involved with a lot of very large bodies. Yeah. I think it's good, too. Like, I'm not trying to be on some, like, fucking, you know. Like, it's, like, simple. Okay, like, XMR. Like, if you want to be, like, you know, if you want, like...
nominee not a nominee i can't say that word i always say it too fast but you guys get the picture nominee and you want to uh and you want to use crypto for that reason like just use xmr it's like that simple like don't even worry about anything else yeah this damn aussie dollar looks like shit not like let's see uj is this is this always on some bipolar
It actually trades nice, though. Yeah, it trades nice, though. Yeah, that shit's fucked. I mean, this to me, the monthly levels, it's right at that monthly level. So it's at a discount of that. And then if we do the 20-day look back, 20 trading days. Yeah, yeah. That's going to be...
So 20 days, that's the high, and here's the low. So yeah, it's like there's these equal highs, right? I don't know why I keep drawing this backwards. Yeah, I fuck with this. And there's like that fair value gap. This also goes with DXY too. Dollar CAD's looking crazy as well. Yeah, shit looks crazy. I like Dollar CAD, bro. Yeah, shit looks crazy. And it's like also...
So it's also theoretically, it would be oversold using this strategy, so to speak, but always take the other grain of salt. So this would mean like the new range you're playing within would be, there we go. So you're oversold, so to speak, you're under the range. So then 20 day look back on this. Where's the lowest point? Let's do this.
Yeah, it's super clean, too. This shit looks big bull. Yeah, if we can get above this, I mean, it's pretty positive it will. But if it gets above, like, really, I mean, I want to be conservative of this. But I actually, I honestly just kind of like it already because if, like, right here, like that high got taken, and we didn't take that low again, it's like this, and then this right here.
which looks good and then it's like at that point it's like next for about your gaps about to be lift off lift off time they'll be like because it's like so much shit bro like like once it's like all the same like for instance like all right this is us this is dollar swissy not dollar cad by the way i'm an idiot dollar cad is fire too dollar swissy is just looking wild though
Um, they're not, they're not as good as others, but they're not terrible. They're not like untradeable or anything. I mean, not on MFF at least. They're like a couple pips. I guess it's not like GJ, I don't think. I don't know about on FTMO, but yeah, this shit looks fire. Yeah. Yeah. And it moves pretty crazy, bro. Like, like it, I mean, it's moved a hundred, almost a hundred pips since fucking London session.
I just trade New York. God, this looks fucking fire, bro. Yeah, and the one hour looks clean. Yeah, for sure. It's fire. I like trading it. I've traded it like three times the last week. I got clapped once and then did good the other two times. Dollar CAD, now that we've talked about this. Oh my God, this looks crazy today too. Dollar CAD's been looking fire though.
I just have got more into trading Forex pairs because I swear, I feel like a lot of times I can get higher risk to reward. If there's a week where I'm looking at indices, I'm kind of like... This week looks good. I like shit this week. But on France, that fucking dollar Swiss view shit, you can get massive fucking risk reward there. Just trade the higher time frames. You could have traded the fucking four hour if you just traded this first little zone right there.
it's like fucking one point you know what i'm saying it's like bro what you can max and like min max that's like crazy shit so i like trying to get like like two is cool for indices just because it's so fast and i just know how they move but if it's anything else i like like three to five it's like a good sweet spot and then i've been trying to just like full tp shit too like like not trim early and also not like leave runners like crypto like bitcoin i want to leave runners on this just because it's like okay that that
you know that what if like whenever you look back in like 2023 and bitcoin hit like 30k and you had longs from the fucking actual bottom and you closed them all but yeah for sure oh yeah gold's where i wanted to long it almost but i don't know if i'm gonna actually do it now looking at dxy yeah yeah i still i still want this shit down here bro that's the premium or discount of this fucking uh the m
Do this. Yeah, I could take these high. I did take that high actually. Oh yeah. I like this. If I could come down there, cause like that, there's a, um, zone right here. I want it. This would get clocked or trade from it. One of the other, but I think cause JL was talking about like something along with Wyckoff, like this low, he was saying meant something like from this range, like this low had meant something or he had said something about that low and it lines up exactly with that zone. That looks pretty dope.
Yeah, shit looks fucking gassed. BNX finally died. Did it really? Oh my god. Like, actually died. Yeah. Oh my god. I've been fucking charting this since May. The devs fucking just made... It was like a metaverse game, bro.
Like I when I looked it up. Yeah, I was like, bro Yeah, like it was literally like some kind of oh my god their website I think is done on our mind. I could have said look what it said Said we're sorry, but being it by next doesn't work without JavaScript. I was like, oh, so you go and it's like a 404 Yeah, it's like some like fucking game. It's crazy, bro Yeah, literally a dollar bro, we know still could go down lower because there is lows here. There's a fair value gap there, but
I don't know. I like where we're at. Shit, I'm probably about to hop off here. I just realized what time it is. Every time I go on a vacation, I take a long weekend. I'm always so sluggish getting back on the first day. So slow. Shit, guys. I appreciate everybody coming through. Actually, let me answer some questions on the YouTube because I haven't even had this open. Sorry, guys.
Okay, let's go back. So gold. Yeah, we kind of just went over a little bit. But for gold, for what I'd be looking for, since we came back out of this range right here, so we'd be looking at a potential power of three. We came back down out of it, sharply into it, and created a new little impulse move. So I want to see a retracement to the discount of it, which I like this fair value gap. 1702. So I'd look for like 1700.
But I don't think it's going to be like a straight shot because, again, I like this level right here. I will say that I'm a little less interested as far as like to swing anything from here just because of DXY. But if it's still in this zone tomorrow during New York session, I'll look for a raid to maybe get into a trade. But other than that, I would look for overall downside.
I know 1700 Aussie dollar. We did go over Aussie dollar after that. Do I know a method or candle formation to watch foreign candles form around price delivery arrays to watch if they will hold or not? Yeah, I would just look, I wouldn't look for candle formation, just structure. So like you could look at it. I mean, you could say it's a candle formation, I guess, but really you know, the classic, you just want to see like maybe consolidation of push and then sharp move out of there. So you want to see, you know,
it can look a lot of different ways you know in a live market it's always going to look um
You know, there's going to be mass amounts, but the principles or the concept you're looking for is a shift from lower highs and lower lows to making a higher high. And you want to do that displacement. You don't want to have like the candle come up here and then like shoot back down and have like an ugly ass long wick. You want to have a full body closure. Some people don't use closures depending on the timeframe, but you just displacement is the key. So like, for instance, like if I'm looking on the weekly chart of gold.
Like this is displacement. Like this push out of that, you know, we came down, we took out these lows, that big push, you know, taking out a high, that to me is that, like what we're just talking about. So hopefully that helps. Is Scarb alive? Yeah, Scarb's doing good. He's trading a lot of sports, or not trading, betting on a lot of sports. Scarb's the homie. Rear hunk, hey guys, Bitcoin, go up or down? Down and up.
Casper, do you use time as a major player within your trades, like seasonalities, kill zones, quarterly shifts? Yes, 100%. Seasonality is less, but kill zones and quarterly shifts for sure. You can actually go back and watch a video I did. It's called Will the Markets Recover? It's on my YouTube. I talked about the importance of quarterly shifts, and we called the entire.
recovery of indices from uh this june level and it was because we were going into july and t bond and it also talks about how to use interest rate or t bonds to um kind of determine what the fed stance is on interest rates uh and using the dollar super interesting video so definitely go watch that if you find interest in that stuff oh what's up choppo how you doing
Thanks for the answers, Casper. Appreciate your time. You really are a great help. Hell yeah. I'm glad that I helped, man. And as far as bias goes, I hope that I try to simplify it because it's really just like, what kind of liquidity have we taken? Are we in a premium or discount? What is there at the opposing market extreme? And then what context are we in based off a higher timeframe? Coin. I'll check good old Coinbase. The Ponzi. I'm just kidding.
We might not be kidding. Who knows? So we took that weekly low. We still got a lot of liquidity down here to take that actually. Hold on. I did take it. So we took that massive low down there. So, I mean, you know, you just made all time lows two or three weeks ago. So, you know, if it were me, I'd probably, you know, unless you have some kind of inside information that Coinbase is going under or some shit, I'd probably chill on shorting it and let it do its thing.
I also don't know if I'd be buying it yet either. Where it's, I mean, it did take a low. Yes. On the daily, we are starting to kind of take out highs, but this doesn't, this isn't really the displacement I would want to see. I think you probably will make another low. Like you might come up into this fair value gap, something like this and the volume imbalance and kind of make a shift back down. This is not the, in my opinion, this is probably not the chart I would be trading.
But if anything, I think a little bit more up and then down or just down. But I think really the value would come if we could come back down under this low, like take out that liquidity again and then get that shift. Yeah, it's all about like kind of paving the way. Like you're not just going to get like we're going to take out the weekly low and it's going to rock it. It's going to be manipulation. It's going to be consolidation. And yeah, I got you. Of course. Awesome. I do Tesla for you. Tesla chart last time. It's been a while. So I like Tesla.
Okay, I hit where I wanted. Damn, that's crazy, bro. That was another thing. We were up in this range, and I was like, ah, these equal lows are crazy. And the reason I looked at it, this is the same strategy. I go over it in my video on how to use ranges. We shift to the downside, retrace the premium of that move, down to liquidity, down to discount. And it just takes some patience sometimes with these higher timeframes. But that being said, we go to a monthly. So I would say...
This is the range you're within. As far as like the monthly chart, the monthly order box, so that's 227 and 156, pretty wide range. You are at a discount. It's kind of weird because this is like going against my stock analysis. Well, no, I mean, it's already really reacted and it came back up here. So it seems like Tesla really likes these volume imbalances in the weekly.
So if we draw the impulse move here, we didn't really come back up to a premium. We came close. We're very close. Formed some relatively equal highs. So if I'm looking at this on a weekly, you know, the longs, I see the idea of it because we haven't taken any, you know, this liquidity. We didn't travel into a premium. But at the same time, I don't, I wouldn't push the longs.
I'm going to go to like a four hour and see what it looks like. I mean, a four hour, you look bearish. You look like you want to take out this low. Daily is pretty similar. The only thing that would hold me back is that we haven't moved into a premium. I'm just going to delete everything off this chart because it's too much.
So, you know, if we look, you know, here's kind of our structure here. Boom, push down. I mean, I don't really consider that a new range. I would just consider that part of this range. So again, you know, you guys know that my strategy, I really like going, making sure we're selling at a premium or buying a discount. But overall, I think this is going down. Took out these weekly equal lows. Daily really hasn't given much of a shift that I like.
What I would like to see here is maybe we take out these lows and then consolidate and then make a move up. But again, you know, what we had, why we had looked at these lows, you know, if we're on, I think it was a monthly chart. I can't remember what it was actually. Really, I mean, if you look at it.
I mean, you could almost say this is a new range we're in because we could have said that this at one point, it was our massive range, kind of the external range we're in. Now I've came down and taken out that low. So probably get some more manipulation, but I would wait till like NASDAQ and ES are agreeing with it, but I would eventually want to see some upside. So you got a lot of inefficiencies to fill.
But on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. We'll be back every day this week. 12 p.m. Eastern will be live. I still haven't figured out what what time we're going to do the class for the private discord because I know I was on vacation this week and we didn't have one. But I am going to do that. And then we're going to do another one Sunday as usual. So you guys aren't missing out on anything. And yeah, if you guys like the video, comment, like, subscribe, do all that good shit. And if you want to get a free trial of the discord.
it is in the link or i mean the link is in the description and i'll see you guys tomorrow peace
