So I'm gonna give everybody a second to get in here. So if you're rewatching this on YouTube, you can go ahead and fast forward a little bit Yeah, I'll kind of go over this Bitcoin play cuz I got DM by like three people asking what I meant whenever I was Just trying to explain the signal
So I guess what people are confused about was what I was referring to whenever I listed the confluences. So sell side liquidity is just going to be this low right here. So let me switch to the arrow. So we have this low. When you have a low like this, front running and in balance and also front running a demand zone, that can be formed or viewed as inducement or sell side liquidity, meaning that a lot of retail, you know.
got long here and they put their stop loss under that you know when we still have this imbalance to fill so price can you know maybe come up even pip this first stop loss come back down sweep the low and then start to really go up that um that was what sell side liquidity means
The imbalance, that's just a fair value gap. That was what I highlighted in green. It's just the gap between the candle previous to expansion. It's WIC. There's a gap between that WIC and the WIC after it, meaning that price only delivered or offered one side of liquidity, and there's still orders remaining in that imbalance.
you know down candle like if you notice over here for instance um we had some imbalances
Right there. Oops, did not mean to do that. It's imbalances there that got filled. We had some imbalance, small imbalance, but an imbalance unless there and then imbalance here. Now, there's no time when these will get filled or any kind of strict guideline. They can just be targets whenever paired with other parts of the narrative that you're trying to put together with price. The main confluence for me, I didn't put this in here because most people aren't going to.
I thought that this would be a little simpler, but a three drive. So it's just a...
ICT is the one who came up with it. So we have this first tap where we swipe liquidity, second and third. So it's kind of like just an accumulation schematic, really. I'm pretty sure it would end up being a Wyckoff schematic. But that's just the three-diver we start to see. Once one side of liquidity has been removed from the market, we saw all these lows get swept. And then after that, one, two. So there's three sweeps of liquidity. And then...
The most important part is this fair value gap because we see that displacement came into the market or a large force came into the market with intent to push price higher after we removed that last low. Also, there was a fair value gap. They got a couple of fair value gaps that got filled over here. It's actually from the last long that we absolutely fucking killed in the discord the other day. It was from the expansion candle of that.
Which that doesn't really have any relevance. It's just coincidence. Now, the narrative for me is yesterday there was news that came out about that Tesla, not news, the earning report for Tesla showed that they had sold 75% of their Bitcoin throughout the second quarter of this year. And a lot of people, not even in the server, but people I know in real life were asking me like, oh shit, you know, Bitcoin or...
Tesla has sold all their Bitcoin. Is that going to cause price to fall? And they didn't just sell it. That was just the news. So oftentimes when we have news-fueled pushes to the downside, a lot of times those are liquidity rates, more often than not. And we can pair. I actually have a video about this, but it was more geared toward indices and the morning news that comes out at 8 to 10 a.m.
If we have, for instance, in this example, I have this four-hour imbalance right here, which is a good target for me. It's almost at the daily equilibrium. Ever since the macro stream, I told you guys Bitcoin was going to do this. I said Bitcoin is going to run up. My target was really around $25,000, $26,000. We haven't hit that yet. I think the high was $24,277, so not super off from $25,000. But just like we talked about in the macro stream,
As soon as we started to see, Bitcoin showed this strength right here, this high. Once we hit this and we started to retrace, that's where I told you guys that we were going to start to make a move up. That's exactly what we did. But we haven't really reached my point of interest yet. And the dump that happened, it happened as the earnings report came out. We were already on a little bit of a down move, but then I think we were right at this big candle right here.
You know, supply was respected. You know, if you look at it strictly from supply and demand, you know, on the lower timeframes, we could say, OK, well, you know, we got a break of structure and turn on the 15 minute there. First, we never mitigated that supply. But the really expansive move was right here.
But for me, the institutional candle, the candle before displacement right here in this wick, that got violated. So while we did see a reaction off of this supply, this got violated. So there was supply up in this wick. And we know that a lot of news is already priced in. And what I mean when I say that is a lot of the price action we see following a news report or an event like Tesla.
announcing that they sold a lot of bitcoin a lot of that's priced in already and that we're going to see that in the charts before it happens that's that's what i mean when i say that but in this instance um we wicked above that initial um sell-off candle which would lead me to believe that their you know price there's liquidity that's going to get tagged at some point up here now there is still a little bit of an imbalance here in the 15 minute
that has yet to been filled. And also if we go to the one hour, it is an imbalance and we have this one hour institutional candle before the impulse of the first impulse of move. So oftentimes we'll see price at some point return to that. You know, a lot of people think they missed the position. Like I'm sure that some of you guys that trade supply and demand have had this happen. Like, let's just say, you know, you traded off this order block here. You know, you went short right there. We'll just, you know, wherever you ended up.
finding your load time from entry your stop loss is up here at the top but there's an imbalance but you took the cell anyways and you know you are targeting
You know, way, way down maybe. And then we all know what happens. And this happens to the best of us. There's nothing wrong with this. Price moves around and it comes back up and pips you out and then goes down. So I did a – in the private Discord, we did a class on this. And I put an infographic out on Twitter with the inducement model. But that's more speculative when I'm looking at this price model. But I could see that unfolding here.
So the narrative for me is that we really didn't touch any of the POIs that I wanted to, but we did come really close. So, you know, when we're studying inducement, it's not something that has to be respected or that, you know, is 100 percent going to work. But we can add that into our confluence and say, OK, well.
You know, how many times this price got really close to a point of interest that you wanted and then it runs, you get in the trade, it comes down, stops you out only to go to your point of interest, which, you know, maybe you put on a trade in that zone that makes up for the loss. Maybe you don't. But the point of the matter is that that high or that initial push away.
from right outside your zone. It's called inducement. It's inducing you to get into a trade because the market makers are getting that last little bit of liquidity before they push price where they intend to. Now, what do I think is going to happen after we, if, I mean, you know, we could just dump from here. Who knows? Maybe this play gets stopped out. It's totally fine. It's an L is an L, whatever. But if it does,
Or I'm sorry, if it doesn't and we come up and tap into these areas and then we reject from here, let's say like around the daily equilibrium or around the four hour imbalance around these areas. If we do just reject from there, I would look almost for all the bulls are going to hate me. But down in here in these areas, these lows, I mean, that's just really like looking at a daily chart. That's the only that's literally the only area I see that I really like these relatively equal lows right here.
And I think that that's going to be a ton of, there's going to be an absolute ton of stops there. And maybe after that, we consolidate under that area and we start to see bullishness. Maybe we don't. We'll cross that bridge when we come to it. But that's really the narrative I see. Now, I feel like this happens so fast for a lot of people that they're like, oh, what? The bull run's over. And I'm not necessarily saying that. I mean, this wasn't really a bull run. It was a bear market rally.
Another thing we're going to go over in a second, the indices have all cleared highs as well. They're getting to areas where we're going to look for sales. They're all developing and we could see a continuance, but we're getting to those areas where going off of daily market structure, we're kind of getting to where we might see reversals. Ethereum.
On the four hour chart, very similar setup. We have the daily range. We've came into a premium, moved a much bigger move relative to its daily swing structure than Bitcoin has, because here's your swing high, swing low, moved much farther into premium. Bitcoin hasn't even reached the premium mark, but we're looking at Ethereum. What similarities do I see? Well, we have this supply zone, this drop base drop or flip.
zone whatever you call it now this isn't the honeypot poi for eth but nevertheless it is a poi it's in a premium we did front run it just like bitcoin so you know i have alerts set for it we could see eth come up take this high we could see it run all the way up into this zone i mean anything can happen but these two zones i'm looking at for potential cells what i'll need in order to go short for me i'm going to wait for a four hour change of character i'm not going to rush it so
I would need that four-hour to switch bearish in these zones. Then we'd wait for price to come up, wait for the 15-minute to switch bearish, then come up, wait for the five-minute to switch bearish, and then that's going to give you your entry. There's a little bit of free game, but it's that simple. It's just patience. Most people don't want to do all that. Or they may not have the time, and trading the M15 is fine too, but that five-minute will give you a little bit more confirmation in that M15 zone and also oftentimes will...
reduce your risk to reward. I'm sorry, increase your risk to reward, reduce your stop loss. So with crypto, that's kind of what I'm waiting on. I took the Bitcoin. I like this long better just because Ethereum, in my opinion, I mean, it has a very similar setup, but we're looking here, this fair value gap's massive compared to...
Bitcoins, in my opinion, considering where the stop would be. So, I mean, it's a decent setup. I might keep an eye on it if I'm watching and sitting on my computer and I start to see the lower timeframes give bullish signs here. It might take a long of that as well, but also the spreads on Ethereum are not the best. And I trade on MetaTrader, as a lot of you guys know.
I don't just get that far off. But that's another setup to watch if you want to rather trade ETH. But I think what it's going to give us is that last liquidity rate before we start to see a move down. Because we almost always see a liquidation of the first shorts or the first longs in any kind of trend reversal. So there's a lot of stop losses. Everybody who's gone short in this range, guess where their stop losses are at right there. Somebody tagged me in the disc when we see what this is.
Can I explain why I placed my limit right above the 15 minute fair value gap and not below? Yeah, so for me, it's not above, it's at the beginning of it. At this low, I rounded it up. It was like 71.8, so I rounded up 20 cents. But for me, the risk to reward is good enough. I'm probably not going to be monitoring my computer whenever this hits. Also, if you look over here, we have a...
sell to buy range so if we're using
supply and demand, you have this sell to buy range that's nearly the same. So that was another confluence for me. And I don't really see, I mean, the 15 minute institutional candle, I guess you could use this candle right here, but it's not the cleanest and it's already been traded back down into. So for me, I look at it like, okay, well, the risk reward's good enough here. Maybe if this were happening during the London session and I was going to be,
or i'm sorry during the new york session and i was monitoring it i might try to you know refine on the lower time frame but three and a half uh ours is fine for me personally so now um indices i want to go over indices a little bit um s p
Everything's been absolutely moonshotting. Caught a nice little long off this yesterday, but somewhere in this zone. But today I was out of the office looking at a house and didn't really get to enjoy the fun. There was a PM trade and a AM trade, and I'll go over both of them. But we're looking here, similar setup, honestly, to Bitcoin and Ethereum. We have this supply here. I think I refined it down to a one hour, but it's also...
With the S&P, it's right at the daily imbalance. So it's not to say we can't go higher. We could run straight up to here. But this is a next point of interest for me because there's four hours supply. We're in a premium of the daily range.
So, you know, while the four hour is bullish and everything's bullish, you know, we still are bearish on the higher timeframe, which is the daily. So we're looking at potential reversal zones. You know, I would be looking at either of these zones. So I could, you know, we could see a reversal, you know, up on my brush tool select. There we go. We could see reversal up into that zone or, you know, we could absorb that supply and then get our confirmation entry up there. So again, we're just waiting until price gets to these zones.
Now, as for what kind of targets with indices, now, indices look a little stronger than crypto because we do have these imbalances to fill. We've kind of got some liquidity because really all price is doing is playing ping pong between these levels of liquidity.
And, you know, once it hits one, oftentimes we go to another. Now we've swept a ton of liquidity at these highs here, here, really the major highs right there. That was our old drawn liquidity. Now price is kind of coming up in this imbalance. Also, we've got that sell to buy range when you see these wicks do this or buy to sell. I'm sorry. Just like we looked at on Bitcoin a second ago, this is just a fractal depiction. We're just viewing it on a higher timeframe.
Oh, somebody just asked if I could explain that. Yeah. So a sell to buy range is just whenever we're talking about, this would be a buy to sell. I'm sorry. I don't mean to confuse you. Sell to buy was Bitcoin. But so whenever price is coming down, some people call them a drop based drop. We came back, we came down into, let's see if there was actually a demand.
That price hasn't really hit anything of interest, but sometimes it'll happen when we're hitting into demand if we're going to see a sell-off in a failed demand zone. But what it is is price is kind of just moving, and then we pause for a second. Buyers come to the market, and then quickly price sells off. So it's just a buy-to-sell range. It's just another type of supply and demand. I'll go back on Bitcoin just so you can see how that was a sell-to-buy.
So, for instance, right here, whenever we're talking about supply and demand, we went over this as well in the private class in the Discord.
We're looking at the last little internal range before price broke to the upside. So here was our last internal range, right? Because price is already bearish, we're going to move to our most recent high. Price came, took out the low. So that's going to be our high. Here's our low. So that whole range right there was a sell to buy range. Now you have to get a break of structure in order to confirm this. Now this can be internal like right here, but in this example, it actually broke swing structure as well.
or ended up breaking swing structure over here. So, and that's important that we got that candle closure. That's why I drew the lines over. So I hope that answered that question, Gavin. Let me go ahead and, oops, I just moved NAS. That's actually going to go over next. But, so the NASDAQ's already in a POI that I really wanted to sell it from. I'm not going to rush it. What I'm looking for here, since the four hour is bullish,
I'm going to look for a four-hour internal break of structure. We've got an imbalance down here we could target. Also, there's some lows down here, but I'm not going to rush it. The way I look at it, we're playing the assumption that a daily pullback might begin because with the NASDAQ, we're extremely in a premium. We're up in this daily supply. I refine down to this four-hour supply. It's institutional candle right before displacement. We fill the fair value gap.
Price is definitely reacting a little bit, but I'm not going to jump the gun, especially because I don't really trade indices personally during Asia session. I know some people do with great success. But I'm just going to wait to see what tomorrow brings. The only thing that I have that's making me a little more, I guess, conservative with this setup is the S&P. I want to see the S&P run up into this zone because it's similar to Bitcoin. I don't really...
see what would make price turn around right where we're at. Now, it's not to say it can't, but I would kind of expect us to push up into these zones. I think I made this a one-hour zone maybe. It was just this candle right here, this little light. And this is another example of a buy-to-sell range, but you can continuously refine them because what we see here is price came down, met some form of demand, and then obviously expanded the downside.
So no, this is not really much to go into except waiting for a four-hour internal break of structure So, you know, I would wait for something like this
price to come down then you'd have a supply zone price to come up in there watch the 15 minute break of structure now you have a 15 minute supply zone price to come up in there on the five minute five minute break of structure so if you're just layering the same formula it's not as complicated as you think but we do want to keep an eye on the s&p now reason i'm you know looking for a short at all is because the daily is bearish you know the four hours obviously bullish but
Even the four hour is expecting a pullback. You know, here was our old swing high, swing low, break of structure. So, you know, once we get a four hour change of character and a POI, we could say that we're pulling back. You know, where are we going to pull back to? POIs in a premium of the new swing range. I'm just looking at some balance because it's right near equilibrium. You know, you could even target maybe lower, but.
Yeah, that's a fucking huge move on the NASDAQ. If you catch that, any of you guys that trade it will know that that's more than enough. But yeah, so that covers indices. Tomorrow's Friday, so I don't really want to find anything. I'm going to swing to the weekend most likely, but we'll see what the morning brings. Let me check really quick what the news is tomorrow. I feel like if I ever have even like a day out of the office, I feel like I'm like...
like i don't know how to explain like i'm like out of the loop or something it's just weird because i'm not used to it um no but oh wait yeah there's pmi at 945. yeah a lot of vault news for the euro this week um that's it's funny it's kind of we're kind of just trailing into what i was going to talk about next so with the euro um this morning um euro jpy
It came up rated liquidity, came into this 4-hour POI a little bit more. I posted this on Twitter. I originally was watching this area, but the European Union had interest rates this morning, and they raised them twice as much as was expected. So I'm not going to go into depth of why, but that's huge. That's recession written all over it. And I think we all know that the European Union's not really been in a great...
position. I mean, the euro has reached parity with the dollar, but we've looked, now we've came up, we ran liquidity. Now we've got a sweep zone. So a sweep zone is just a supply zone that swept liquidity. So this is a very high value POI. I'm watching this one hour order block, one hour supply zone, whatever. There, if I get a 15 minute confirmation, I'm probably just going to short the M15 because with euro, yen, I'll be targeting these lows all the way down here.
It's like 136.85 or something. I think this is a really nice setup, but it's still developing. We want to be patient. Do we run the risk of it running away from us if we're patient like this? Sure, but the sooner you build kind of a...
I'm trying to think of the word. I guess a relationship with the idea that you don't have to take every trade. There's dozens of markets where we can find trades. You want to let these develop. Because even myself, sometimes, like earlier, I was like, fuck, man, just short the one-hour order block. But I'm not going to deviate from my strategy. I'm just going to wait until price comes up in here and get that confirmation. I probably won't go all the way down to M5, though, for this. Just, again, once we get into the lower time frames.
If you're a risk for what, let's just say we get M5 confirmation, it'll probably be...
I'd say half the risk reward here. You might get a lower entry, but we're all about risk reward. If I get a 7R, I mean, that's fucking huge, and I'm pretty confident in this setup. Even though it's a short against the end, I know, but I like the price action here. This looks like redistribution, if I had to say. I'm not a Wyckoff guy, but another euro pair that I'm watching heavily is the euro dollar. This is just picture perfect for me. We deviated.
one side of the range right here so if we draw this just like this oops
So we have this range right here that price is kind of was playing ping pong around in. Now we traded one side of the range. Now we did come down and pip this liquidity down here and it seems to be responding pretty well, but I think we're going to go lower. I think we're going to deviate. I'm not more than that, just that wick. And I like this sell side liquidity here. It's super, you know, tons of stop loss here. I think everybody, everybody's been trying to long Euro forever.
All of these dips, retail is trying along, trying along, trying along. And now it's starting to look more like a long against the dollar because we might see the DXY retrace. It's in that monthly supply.
I love this zone here. If we can get a push under these lows, hopefully it happens whenever I'm awake because it seems like EU loves to move whenever London session is going. But we've got that demand zone right here, institutional candle and a little fair value gap that these equal lows are front running. So that'll give us a pretty good long opportunity if we can catch that. Now, where would I be looking to go? Probably all the way up here into this imbalance, daily imbalance right up there.
So, you know, I would be heavily out of the trade before we reached all of that, but I'm starting to like, I've been, had my eye on this for a while. Again, just want to let it develop because if we can catch a trade down into here, target these relatively equal highs, ride the rest to Valhalla with that one. But again, what I'm looking for is price to come back down to this area, confirmation, and just take it from there.
So I think that's all the setups I wanted to go over. I haven't looked at GU as much. I want to show you guys the entries on SPX this morning. So go ahead and just throw some timestamps on here. 20th, New York lunch. I'm actually going to move this to 130 because today is perfect. So really when trading indices, your kill zones are going to be,
And this region, I would say before three, that's kind of unpopular. I've seen a lot of people, but you can catch trades before three, but you don't want to trade in this zone right here. That's New York lunch. But if we look, all you're looking for is we're establishing our daily bias. We went over this in the draw on liquidity class we did in the discord and price obviously is gravitating towards us in balance.
We can see that price is pushing up. It's showing us that it wants to go higher. That's the draw on liquidity. So whenever we come into the market, we look for a setup that aligns itself with that. So what you're going to look for when you come on, remember, this is where you start the day. We'll do like this. 8.30 a.m. You're probably getting, this is New York time. You should be at least in your chair.
plotting some stuff out. So what you want to do is just plot out obvious areas of liquidity. Preferably, you want to say in your favor. So if we're looking for price to go higher, we want to see our sell-side liquidity ran. So where's our sell-side liquidity? This was clear as day. I wish it sucks that I wasn't around for this, but literally got equal lows.
Equal lows. I mean, it's that clear. I don't know if there was news this morning, but this is the same model we went over. I have a video that's free. It's on my YouTube. It's just how to trade news. It goes over this, but price swept the lows. So now what would you do? You go to a lower timeframe, one to two minute, and we're just going to wait for a shift in market structure right there and a fair value gap. Change the line or color this line.
So where's your fair value gap? Right there. One thing I've learned is it's good to jobless claims in the morning. I know that PMI was. I think jobless claims is this morning. I'd be wrong. Are you saying this morning? You might be saying that. That's actually what you were saying probably because I'm talking about this morning. But one thing I've learned playing this model is don't...
So here's that the only thing about this model sometimes it's not going to give you the craziest risk to reward If you use stops like I do now
You know, your internal structure here was this was your high, this was your low. So, I mean, really, you know, if I was going to take this trade, you know, that looks like, oh, like that's a terrible, you know, if you're just targeting the day. But remember, we're so close to our daily draw on liquidity that you can go up into this zone. Now, if you were going to take this trade like this, now, obviously, this isn't really good risk to reward. So what can we do? Just look for the most recent.
swing low and when i say swing low i'm not saying like swing structure just a candle that has you know two candles after it that are hot have higher lows than it and one candle the left of it so what i would have done here was just targeted this low also from a supply and demand standpoint you know if we're looking at this from a fractal nature we have this price tapping into this order block right here what does it do it reacts and then it pushes off so we have a flip zone of demand this candle right here
and what did price do it traded into it and moved up so we shouldn't see it go lower this has been mitigated if you see it go lower than that it's most likely going for the low so when you see one um you know clear signal to get in you can be a little more aggressive your stocks because you're looking at okay what's you know yes we have a fair value gap down here yes there's this demand zone if you want to call it that but
Where is price actually reacting to? What is it pushing away from? Because if you look at it, you say, okay, well, the algorithm was pushing buys, you know, these last little sales into buys. That's why they call it a sell to buy. Because the algorithm, the market makers, what they're doing is they create small sell-offs to induce retail to sell to them.
But then there's those sell orders in that candle. So when price comes down, if their narrative is bullish, they close the sell orders, which in the law of supply and demand causes expansion. So expand up, then you confirm that by the fair value gap. That's why we use the fair value gap for entry here. Now, if you took this, you know, you obviously had a very good day today. And, you know, you're still, you've probably taken some profits. Maybe you close at the end of the day. That's never bad. Let's just say you close. I think this was 4 p.m. right here.
Yeah, it's 4P on the dot. You close the day with 4.6R. The only place you really would have taken partials would have been maybe this high right here and that high right there.
So that's how you could have caught it in the morning. Now that happens always. It's going to happen before noon, really before 11. Most of the time, the setup is going to not the entry, but the setup. Right. So if you look here, when it happens, a London close right into 10 a.m. We saw that push the downside really starting at 10 a.m. on the dot. Now go back, test this. Tell me I'm wrong because it happens almost every day now.
Then we're going to look at the PM entry. Because let's say you missed that. Or let's say the morning didn't give you this entry.
Well, you want to look, I use a five minute for this. You want to look what price is doing right at 130 or right after it. So price was rushing down. We ran this swing low that was forming the lunch hour. This is why I don't like trading lunch because it's literally, think of it like the Asia range when you're trading crypto or Forex. It's literally just generating liquidity, right? None of the big dogs are trading then. It's just these gens that can't get away from.
their brokerage and they just trade. So what happens, a lot of stop losses are right there. Price pushes down and you want to see an animated push. Did we get that? Yes. This is a pretty big flush, especially in the 15 minute, right? A lot of people got scared there. They're like, oh, spy's selling off. We're going down, but we're going to look for the same setup. So you can say, okay, here's our liquidity rate. That was the low we ran. Also, look what else we are running into.
If you're trading supply and demand, you ran right into a demand zone. If you don't trade supply and demand, if you trade fair value gaps, you went right into a fair value gap. This one was even more clear than the AM entry.
It wasn't as good, obviously, because we already saw the AM push, and you would have had not the greatest risk to reward. But you had a profitable trade. Or maybe it ended up being a break-in, but you would have gotten to a trade. You could have trimmed some. Now, what do we look for here?
Again, we have that break of structure. That's just that recent high. Whenever we have this kind of movement, like a lot of fair value gaps, go to like a two minute or a three minute. So if you would want to the two minute here, I recommend if there's two like this, use the larger one. So in that situation, it would have been here. I just use the top of them if I'm going to set limits. You could maybe confirm this with like a 15 second or something. I've thought of that, but I've never done it. Now here, remember your full target.
would be the same because we're basing all this off the daily chart and this will not work if you don't base it around the high time frames you will get because here's the thing you'll find the same setup other ways like you'll you know
like for instance, you'll find like a short narrative, you know, here, where would you have taken profits? Definitely right there. You'd have taken some off. And then also at the end of the day, you always should take some profits. So, you know, let's just say you close in full at the end of the day, five to one hour. I mean, it's, and it's not that complicated and it sounds easier while I'm explaining like this, but the main thing that I used to have trouble playing this setup was understanding the daily bias. And I don't mean,
You know, are we bullish or bearish? Because everybody, you would just have been looking for shorts this whole time if you're just using daily swing structure. You know, kind of erase the swing structure, smart money concept logic out of your head and just think about liquidity. What area of liquidity is price drawing to? In this instance, why did I just delete everything? Hold on. Let me do that. I was on SPY. I want to delete all my TA. But what is that in this instance? Well, it's the daily imbalance.
Also, we've got a four hour supply zone, so you can use supply and demand with it. But, you know, when basing that trade, you're going to be looking at it from a. So I said, do I have a checklist to this set up? I have a YouTube video on it that you can watch. And then there's also an infographic. So also, yeah, for as far as explaining Bitcoin, I already went into that for like the first couple minutes of the video. You could rewatch it at the end.
for why I went into it, or why I picked that level. Another setup I want to watch is gold. Also, you're welcome, Carlos. So I really like this institutional candle on gold here. I will be using confirmation entry. I want to see price push up into this area, and then I'll be shorting, targeting the weekly equal lows. Or actually, did it pip it already? No, it didn't. That's just building even more liquidity.
So, tons of liquidity out of this area. I mean, absolutely tons. Look at all those equal lows. Everybody thinks that this is going to hold on gold. And we might push up even farther before we come back down into it. Because, you know, you'll see, let's just say, okay, this last time, right here, when everybody was probably trying to short to the equal lows, what happened? You know, price reacted extremely violently. We saw...
you know bull run that lasted for um you know seven months so it's not to say that we have to take these lows but i have a good feeling this time we're probably taking especially with the economic conditions the world's in right here but you know nonetheless we still want to use confirmation so i'm going to wait and you know really refine that down we'll look at dxy really quick
It looks like she's ready to start falling. I mean, it's like the day would never come. I mean, theoretically, the daily is still bullish. You know, we're just, we've got to change a character in the daily. So what does that tell us? You know, that the pullback ending. So, you know, once price pushes back into a discount, you know, or a POI and discount, we would be looking for a reversal just by going off the daily swing structure.
um we are uh also in a monthly supply zone now you know it's not um we'll just draw the whole range to keep it simple here all right let's just do this candle right there so um
We're in that monthly supply zone. We've filled it up almost completely. Also, DXY has been flying for quite some time now, especially these last couple weeks. It seems like it's been relentless pain in all markets with anything to do to the dollar. I don't know why. It seems like my connection might be slowing up a little bit, taking a little time.
On the four-hour chart, four-hour charts are actually switched bearish. We know that whenever we're looking at the daily internal structure, it's often the four-hour swing structure, which in this case, that is what's going on. We broke down failed demand right here, showing the supplies in the market. Do you have this front-rand zone right there, these highs above it?
So we could see a push back into that. Overall target right now would be back in this 105.54 region. And that would give us one last little push on indices on, you know, Forex pairs that start with USD or, I'm sorry, that end with USD or Bitcoin or crypto. So that would be nice if we could start to see the XY run down. Now, at that point, it would be more decisional, you know.
in order for us to confirm any kind of bull narrative for anything denominated by the dollar we need this to start really breaking down which we have no reason to assume that it will you know just because we're in a reversal zone does not mean that we will reverse one thing i want to check though um oops is there's a fair value gap on the weekly over here we tapped into
Right here. So, let me go ahead and move this up here. It's easier to do a channel. So, I want to see...
Price hasn't even really traded into it all the way yet. So I would, you know, it's similar to Bitcoin. I mean, this weekly fair value gap, we could see maybe a slight wick above that into that, you know, which would break the supply. But I would really like that if price would push up into it after coming down to this area, because that's going to give us a huge sell off in all markets.
It would go along with the narrative that is being presented to us at this current point with indices and Bitcoin swing structure. And, you know, it would push everything down a little further. So, yeah, I mean, everybody who watched the macro video, you know, you guys were prepared for all this as far as the markets running. I put it on Twitter, so everybody should have seen it.
Yeah, if there's any questions, go ahead and run it. I know, Yai, you wanted me to go over Bitcoin. I don't mean to be a dick at all. I'm not saying I don't want to go over it again. It just would be easier for you to see it whenever I first went over it because usually the first explanation I give is going to be better than if I reiterate it. But if you guys have any questions, go ahead and throw them in the comments. If not, I'm going to hop off a little early tonight. I know we usually go an hour, but kind of went over a lot already.
I actually had a good-ass turnout just now. Look how many people were in here for a Thursday.
It's usually Thursdays. How you doing, Casper? What's good, bro? Hey, fucking, I was actually telling my boy, you need to, at some point we need to hop on raft. I've been going hard on that shit. Yeah, I seen you playing it earlier. I was, I got home from work and I was like, ah, shit, Casper's playing raft. I might have to hop on. And I was like, damn, I got to take my dog to the vet. I can't. Your dog good? Is he all good or is it just like a checkup? Yeah, it's just a checkup. She's a puppy. She's getting like the rest of her shots and whatnot. Nice. Okay, cool, cool.
Yeah, it's fun. We actually just got to the point where we just made a circuit board. We could have made one a while ago. We're to that point, so we're coming up. Don't tell me anything. I got fucked up and saw... Actually, I don't even want to ruin it for you. I don't know how far you are, but I saw some crazy shit on a trailer-type thing. There was some screenshots of what happens in the game, so I was like, damn. Yeah, I ain't even that far. I'll be on tonight, though, if you're down.
possibly i mean if you want maybe you could just hop on this one we're pretty advanced on this one i was gonna say we all should start one but we can you you're always welcome to just hop on and say what's up for sure i think you can just join like the world dm me your steam so i have it yeah for sure for sure we need to get this play bit rust server going bro i swear i mean okay somebody said can i do an example of multiple time frame change of character like refining an entry please yeah sure
i'll go over this naz trade i took the other day it was a really good example of that i hope i didn't delete it if not i remember where it is yeah i did but it's okay um i used to like keep all of my ta i've just ever since then i've just deleted all of it i just can't have that much on my screen okay so where was it oh yeah i think it was right here so
I'm going to start plotting it out, but I want to make sure. It was over here. So we got this four-hour POI here. I included the WIC. Now, what I do here, so first you establish your four-hour POI. So let's just say, okay, and we're trying to frame it short here.
We had our initial change of character right there because that is the last low before a new high was formed on the internal level. Now, it is a WIC. I use WICs for internal structure. Some don't. This is how I do it. So price came up. Now, you could have used this right here as well.
But at that time, you know, whenever if we're looking at like, you know, real time at that point, there was an imbalance above it. So I always include just the whole zone of this last candle before the break of structure is the first little bit before the impulse move. Now, what I always do, I always go in one hour and refine it. So in this specific instance, I pushed it up to this candle. But again, I still kept this wick high. Now, I probably could have went in a 15 minute refined it further.
But this is where I saw the despise from really start, but I knew that there's liquidity up in this wick, so I didn't want to just ignore it. So up in this zone right here, once price comes into... Now remember, this is a four-hour zone. So once price comes into this zone, we're going to go to the lower timeframes.
And we're going to look for a change of character. So where did we get that? The first one was right here. Now, look what happens in this specific example. Price comes up and it does wick above it. So let's just say you're a 15-minute trader. You probably got stopped out here if you're using the 15-minute supply, stop-loss, but price came back. If we're using a five-minute change of character.
um where was this um i can't remember if i use a five minute or i think i might have just jumped to one on this so you could just use a one or a five minute in that instance um after we pipped above it a lot of the times i'm day trading indices i'll you be using a lower time frame um oh yeah so this is what and i think this was that one yeah that was the morning lick rate so that 10 a.m model this is an indice it can be used so there was a change of character now we did wick above it so once that happens you know we can
Sometimes say that's in a liquidity raid, especially at this time of morning. So then you would look for break of structure to the downside. I think the displacement, let me hit the rewind because I'm getting tired of having to fucking scroll around. I think the displacement was on a, it was a small, if I remember right, it was like a tiny fair value gap on one of these lower timeframes. You have to be patient with it. As soon as we hit this replay button, it's like fucking slow-mo.
Oh, there it is right there. Yeah, it was a tiny ass fair value gap here. So, you know, using the indice logic. Also, look what else this kind of coincides with is this last big up candle for the down move. Now, this is too big of a zone so we can refine it. Also, another thing, I'm not a big user of EQ, but if you look that if we use EQ on this range, it was really close to that fair value gap. So I just took a trade off the fair value gap.
And price came back up into it. I'm going to have five minutes to make this quicker. It actually almost stopped me out because you would just use the high right there. So this is kind of a mix of a change of character and a fair value gap. But really, the original confirmation came from that four-hour change of character. Then we layer it into the low time frame. So I hope that helped. I know that was kind of a little bit of too...
two strategies there, but the initial change of character was there. Then the 15 minutes showed weakness with a closure, but we did get that liquidity rate, but that's what we look for. If we're looking for a bearish narrative to play out, we're looking for the buy side to get rated, especially with indices. If you try to just trade supply and demand on indices, it works, but you will get wicked out a lot in this kind of scenario because using a 15 minute confirmation, you shorted.
I don't know, maybe it was this candle, maybe it was the last up candle before the down move. And say you shorted here and your stop loss was a couple pips above this. I mean, unless you put it a ton, which I don't know why anyone would ever put $8 or $9 above the area. You know, you got wicked out and said, okay, well, the trade's not going to work. And it definitely went without you. But that's kind of the...
the bias came from a change of character. And then I use the same strategy I was used for the entry, but, and then it ran pretty far. I didn't hold it all until the end. I had a runner, but this is right when we started that bullish move to the upside was right after that. Cause at the end of the day here, all we were trying to do.
at that time back in there was come down and fill this imbalance which we didn't even tap into it but um you don't want to hold that that was where the bias came from because okay the four hour we had that supply with a change of character okay what's the daily bias where we had that draw on liquidity which it actually didn't get tapped but um okay awesome it did help cool i was hoping because it kind of we kind of went into a different model there but um and that's just an example of once you
I don't recommend trying to mix up stuff whenever you're learning, but once you've used both and you get the practical nature of what's going on. I always tell people, and I see it happen a lot, when people learn order blocks or supply and demand, they get almost too, I don't know how to work. I don't want to say too book logic, because that is what we're using. But for instance,
You know, if we see a clear imbalance or another clear area that, you know, your brain's telling you to look at it, but you say, oh, no, it's not the last candle. I can't do it. Once you get a feel for stuff, you want to look at stuff from a practical perspective, because at the end of the day, we're just using candles to to tell us what's going on and to tell us what the market makers are doing. So if you're getting that, you know, you don't have to be so two plus two equals four about it.
Once you get the hang of things, you'll be able to navigate more like you're in the field. It's like anything. You're not going to read a book about how to swim and go fucking swim. You might get the idea of it and get the general first beginner feeling of it, but how are you going to swim? By trying to swim. Same thing with trading.
That's why it's really easy to maybe learn a concept sometimes, but then applying it consistently over time, you find difficulty because not everything is the same and not everything is so cookie cutter.
I'm going to end the stream on that note. I appreciate everybody for coming through, and we'll hop on tomorrow at 7 Eastern, and I'll be trading tomorrow. I was out of the office today, but I will be watching stuff tomorrow, mainly watching indices during the New York session, and then hopefully EU if it comes down to that level we talked about. But I appreciate all you guys for coming through. Any questions, put them in the comments. You're welcome, Connor, as well.
Anybody that's in discord, you know, I'm always active in there. So just hot me until tomorrow. I'll see you guys later. Peace.
