what's up what's up oh shit covid's whipping my ass boys yeah but on eth right here um bitcoin's the same thing you know we had this you know huge breakdown a return back up and then that massive move down but when you look at price action if we go to 15 minute let's see yeah we were we switched bullish up at this point whenever we were up above
15-minute structure is bullish there for a little bit obviously we saw a change so then that left us with this swing range so
We've obviously returned up into the 15 minutes bearish. We returned all the way up into this, obviously deep premium, came up and negated this area and definitely saw a reversal. But it's interesting because it seems like price is still respecting newfound demand. So we had this demand introduced down here to kind of push us up, price wick down, violent reaction off of it. Assuming there was demand somewhere in this wick.
Not sure where, but we can maybe go to five minutes and see if we can find anything. I know that wick was super crazy. Yeah, that's one of those fucking wicks. Yeah, exactly. When I saw that happen last night, I was like, yeah, I'm not even going to watch anything for the rest of the night. But, you know, came back down to demand. Started to move the episode a little bit. I guess I had to come down here and mitigate. And then we've got, you know, our...
Your internal breaks the structure here. Or no, Bitcoin had it. It looks like Ethereum might not actually have it. Yeah, Ethereum doesn't really have much yet, but we did come up and sweep this high and go into this 15-minute supply zone. So you can watch for a reversal here. Wouldn't really say that.
depending on how you draw it. You can be a little more aggressive with your internal structure. Maybe you drew this as your new internal low, high, middle, lower, low. Or if you wanted to be a little bit more frugal, I guess, conservative. Either way, it broke structure. So at this point, you could look for a return somewhere up here, maybe in these candles up here, and just see how price reacts. And if price can get a nice move to the downside,
let's say price comes up here comes down and takes out this newly formed demand then you could maybe look for an entry off of that because at the end of the day when you look at the four hour though i will say ethereum's cleared out so much liquidity um and then also these when you you know you have this high and this low so now we have you know a pretty big range to go in now while price did return to a premium
Up in this zone right here return and then it failed to make a new low So that would make this for me would be a new high or I'm sorry on a week high Because you know just going off market structure, you know, ideally we'd want to see that taken in this area up here
As far as catching shorts here, you're in a discount pretty heavy. You've got some liquidity up above, and I've got some pretty clear zones I would rather take shorts from for at least maybe a long-term short where you're trying to catch to the bottom of the range. I don't think you're going to catch a lower high in here. I could be wrong. Maybe this was the lower high. I don't know.
That's one thing I'm kind of reluctant to just ape into shorts here. So we've got all this sell side up here. These highs right there. Relatively equal highs above. Sorry, buy side. I don't know why I say it backwards so much, but I think you guys understand. We have buy side liquidity up above this high. Also, you could consider this a weak high.
you know price came down here for the new swing high broke down under this low so now this is our range and you know any high that doesn't take out the low you know we can consider a weak high also we are in a discount now that's not to say you won't be able to catch shorts but you know you probably should be just catching them maybe we're so close to the bottom of the range
Bitcoin or crypto has been looking pretty rough lately with all this manipulation. It just doesn't look too inviting for longs just yet. Excuse me if that was loud. Oh yeah, Joe Money, you got COVID too on YouTube. I hope you get better as well. I'm going to look at ADA.
See, it's a similar situation here with ADA. We have, you know, it's in a bearish market as far as swing highs and swing lows go in the four hour. But we came up and removed a ton of the buy side here. You saw a normal pullback, nothing crazy. You know, ideally, if this is going to stay bear, you'd want to see this come down.
you know and come clear this low which i mean it still might who knows but at this point it's looking like it wants to push up farther in this zone for something i'm not really sure what so i wanted to um want a 15 minute maybe refine this four hour zone here to where i think that we really kind of introduced that supply
I know here was your first internal breaker structure there. You could draw it over here, I guess, but it's going to be the same supply that pushed you down. This is an odd one. At this point, though, I would be patient with this. I would want to see the ADA has been pretty strong recently. I would want to see the 15-minute give us that double internal change of character before I even really considered looking at shorts, but it very well could just blast through this.
I'll set this alert there and I'll just kind of come back to it. No need to rush and force it. It's kind of let it develop. This week's been pretty crazy, as you guys know. So there's been some good trade opportunities for sure. But you guys have also seen what rushing into something can do. For instance, like people that tried to short Bitcoin too early last night or when we pumped back up, that kind of stuff. I get that morning liquidity rate here, though. What time is it? It's 1010.
That's not looking too hot up here. Yeah, that doesn't look too great. Not really any displacement on the Ethereum though. There's none. A lot of times Bitcoin likes to do that double sweep. But what I'm looking at is we have all this range liquidity we formed. We had the London high right here. Ideally, you wouldn't want to see that get taken with force, but you can see what happened when we came up, cleared that liquidity.
Because we look at Bitcoin, remember we are bearish in the four hour. So our high time frame narrative at this point is that we're going to come down and clear out these weak lows. Because you can't really say this hasn't made a new low yet just because price didn't immediately go down. So I wouldn't consider these weak highs just yet. There is buy side resting above these areas.
we can see that we had a violent price reaction from these areas. So, and you know, here we did take out, what was it? You know, it's 29, this right here, it's 29 to 20 right here. So, you know, we had that weak low down below.
it was somewhere in this zone it's not going to be visible in a four hour as much but um right here i'm sorry apologize i was looking at the wrong area i was like wait what you know we took out that weak low here so we removed some liquidity from the market price came back up rushed to where there was more liquidity and now we're um kind of coming back down it respected this demand that was the only thing because you know you'd want to see price you know here's our our swing range is
So it came up, down, up, down. Let's say this is your high. This is your low. And if you're using Wix, I guess technically broke this by like $1, but I'm not going to use that just because it was, you know, it was very short lived. We saw a huge reversal after it. And I could have just been a return to origin here. That was, I was watching for when we came down and, you know, came back on this demand. New demand was introduced.
Seeming to be respected. The fucking Bart haircut pattern. Right. What is ES doing as well? Another thing, if you guys are day trading crypto, you need to watch stocks as well. So, ES, we came into this four hour supply.
You got that original internal change of character. You got one shift, but then you made that new demand. You can't have it overtook the supply, so it doesn't seem like it was ready to go down yet. That might be changing, though. You got that four-hour internal structure break there. That could lead you to look at areas up here or this area right here. Probably refine that.
internal breaker structure one came up we tested this supply then internal structure two from new supply but seeming to have ran that liquidity up into this zone also seems like you rated range liquidity here swept a lot of highs
Yeah, you might see an ES slip from here. This is kind of one of those textbook setups that people take. The ICT people take this. They were hitting on crypto pretty hard there for a while. And also, yeah, you swept this high. If you were in front of the five-minute, this was really your order block. The last candle, I guess, if you're using candles, they swept this liquidity.
Displacement's not. I mean, you have this fair value gap, but it's nothing super insane here. That's why I think it's better to wait for the double confirmation. Like, for instance, they'll play if you come up above an old high in the range.
You form a fair value gap with a little internal structure breaking it, they go ahead and go short there. But I've seen that you can get some false signals like that. You do get in earlier if it does work, but it can be detrimental sometimes. Not really a fan of this on ETH. I guess you should have been more aggressive and looked up here.
Then you have price come it breaks this low goes back into the zone and sometimes it's that Specific and that quick with that internal break of structure So then I guess you really came here BAM
But you still never really got an entry unless I don't know if you look at it like this and you broke structure there Return to this zone of supply Broke structure here came right here and return to that zone and that was kind of your entry I guess but It's pretty tight structure is on the one minute. So it's interesting Ideally on Bitcoin you don't want to see a break below that level Because that would give you that break of swing structure rather than just internal
So here at this point, we're coming up into the London close. We want to see price come up and react to this zone. If we're going to see the day go lower, and if we're going to see a selling program start where they target the sell side, if that occurs, you can just target. At this point, I'd probably target all the way down here. Sorry, excuse me.
The market doesn't just completely slip. There might be some nice opportunities for some TRX shorts up here. I've been watching BLZ. It's insane how strong this coin is, but I don't think it's going to last.
I drew this yeah it's crazy this is like well whenever we're looking for Bitcoin and once if we come out of this bear market we're looking for it to come to like that 35 to 40k 40k level to mitigate it's like that's kind of what BLZ's done here because when you look we really came up to all the way up into the daily range with this one
So at this point, we saw a huge fucking wick off that zone. Price still is pushing up higher, probably to mitigate some levels up within here. But as soon as we can get more confirmation, that's how we're looking to enter some swing shorts. What we're looking for here is because we got that. We moved up. You got that reaction off of this wick. There's some fractal supply in there. Got the internal change of character. Now price is returning back up to the origin of that. You filled an inefficiency.
This wouldn't be where an entry is for me. You need more because this coin's been really strong. So what we want to do now is wait and see if we can, you know, take out that demand, create a new lower high. And that lower high is where you'd look to get short once price returns up to it. But no rush on that. I think that it's going to take some time to develop. So I'll just set that alert and come back to it later. Where is this? I wanted to look at Ape. No, I think that was 15 minutes actually. Hmm.
It's looking interesting for some longs at some point possibly. So came back down into that demand. You saw you guys draw a second ago from over back in late May. Came back into that zone. We got our internal break structure, the upside. I'll draw it over here.
Came up price came back down. It seemed like it didn't get too much into it So I think it's kind of faked out we came back into this demand and then now oops Just kind of sloppy price action here. I don't know actually I think it needs more time because really ideally what you'd want is this newly introduced demand to become respected
And by respected, I mean to see a shift in trend. So we have a price come into it. We break this internal high right here. So then, you know, you'd like to see this newly introduced demand hold up since it had mitigated. But it didn't. It got wicked out right there. And then everything got wicked out right there. So it looks a little weaker than I'd like, actually. I was hoping this would set up. But Abe's been pretty boring lately. It hasn't been much.
crazy there for a little bit but if you look at the four hour it's just been like right like just moving sideways for the last week or so so wait a second can you stay on the ape chart quick yeah so if we wanted to switch bullish right there we would want to clear that high at that wick right there that big wick right there right this yeah um on what time frame
on the four hour. I wouldn't consider that. If I'm bullish on the four hour, your four hour range is this. If you want a four hour change of character, for the four hour to change character, I'm just looking at internal structure. That could be at this point, this high right here.
Right, internal structure. Okay, yep. Okay. And then you would see, you know, okay, price comes there. Does it come down to that forward? I mean, that's how you can start to see when that forward pullback might be over. But it seems pretty weak, to be honest, because, you know, you already kind of got that. Like, that's whenever you look for the pullback to be over. We're just ranging so much with crypto. Like, it's kind of...
Trying to use those four hours, the first change of character to say we're going to pull back. You know, it's like, but in that first one right here, we formed demand. Price came down here. This is why I was looking for longs originally. So then price came down here. You know what happened? We formed a new high right there, or you could say right here.
if you want to be aggressive. I mean, that is your internal structure, like being technical. But either way, it got broken, whatever you were using, whether it's this, this, this. So you got that. So then you look, you know, what demand started this. Let me get some clutter off my chart.
what demand started that move up? Well, you could get a little aggressive and say this, which wouldn't be wrong. You know, that's, but a lot of times whenever I'm using internal structure, you'll just see, you know, I think of it from like a more or less like a, like where, okay, well, how do we know where the demand really came in? Came in right there. That's when the selling stopped. So, you know, obviously that was when it was an old demand. So I wouldn't use that zone.
so we see price comes into this zone now we're looking for that same thing we haven't really got it but um you know it's possibly setting up for a nice little pullback because you could look at this as like a weak high then you have this zone right here that yes it did push into but you could see that get swept or you have this up here that's not even touched and that's also in a premium
But the price actually, I mean, theoretically, you have no reason to come back up here because price already really immediately came back up, mitigated all this, which has been a slow burn. But you did remove a ton of liquidity here, but price doesn't seem to be too strong. It seems like it came up, just four hours supply, came back down. But it's not breaching these lows just yet. Yeah, it's interesting here. Yeah.
We'll see, but this liquidity rate to the upside makes me think Bitcoin is going to go lower on the day. And theoretically, I guess you could have said you got your entry right there. It formed that gap and came back into it. Left some of it, but the gap originally was right here. So you filled that equilibrium of it pretty much to a T. Yeah, I think the day is going to be a selling day. I don't know how far that takes us. We'll see, but...
I'll destroy the whole range. BLZ is looking pretty weak too. Bitcoin cleared out this little recent sell side liquidity for a run back up a little bit. What is ES doing? It's just now moving back up into these zones. I'd look for it. I need to go a little higher up into this. So what is BXY doing? This is interesting.
TXY looks like it's ready for a pullback. This is the dollar. I know I've went over it before, but some people don't know. So you left this equal lows down there. This demand hasn't been satisfied. Also, you've got fair value cap. You've got your break structure here, which could expect a pullback, which you got already. Then you kind of just got a liquidity rate right here. You just got those wicks above, and you seem to be making a...
uh lower high here also you know your internal structure sifted bearish right there i mean your price came back up into wherever your zone of demand or supply it came back down and it looks like it wants to break through this if you get that you might get an initial pump for you know today or something but then after that you might get a pretty heavy retracement on the dollar that's definitely something to keep an eye on
But it could go higher on the day, which would support the short theory. Ideally here for Bitcoin, you'd like maybe a return back up to whatever supply sent you down here. So that would be up in this region for me. Also, you'd sweep some of these highs. A lot of times with these fair value gap setups, you don't get that. But I'm just going to watch this one. It didn't really give that kind of displacement I'd like.
This price action just sucks. Like that crazy wick down. I literally saw that when I was on my iPad last night. I was just like, yeah, I'm done looking at charts for the night. Whatever happened to YunFi?
I mean, hey, it's still up like insane from where it started. Totally fucking slept on that one, man. I was literally sleeping. Like, I took a nap yesterday. I felt like shit. Yeah, I was at the gym. I was at the gym, so missed out.
I mean, like, you really could have, like, attacked this in, like, a theoretical, like, a calculated way, I guess. You could have waited. I was looking after. You know, once your this kind of shit happens, you can just wait until you get, like, you know, that first initial.
The boys were slapping it all night long. It looked like they were fucking going back and forth with it. Look at that. Internal structure is respected. On the one minute, you didn't see that internal structure get violated at all. If you just try to short it randomly through here, you were down tremendously for a little bit. You see it right here. New low. New low. The lows were getting respected. As soon as you came up in this crazy zone, you really started to see...
At first, I don't know if here what's happened first. If this high happened first, then the low got taken. That was your initial change. But the clear one I see is right there. You can see what happened after that. That's when Price really started nosediving. So you could have shorted there with a stop loss above here, which is crazy, 20%. But I mean, the risk to reward was obviously there. And you could have just took it to like this low, that rally-based rally.
Somebody shorted it from like $41. Playboy got in pretty high, didn't he? I think he was in at like $37 or $38 or something. He's over here fucking hacking. Yeah, that shit's crazy though.
This would be a nice setup if AVEX can somehow muster up the strength to get up in here. I like these. We're starting to see this more and more. We see this high front-running, the true supply. Maybe it already did get absorbed here.
because you did see that break of structure internally afterwards, but you see that it did not come down. If this was really where the lower high was, theoretically we should come down and break through all this, but it really didn't. It broke through some internal structure, but you can see it kind of removed some of the buy side or the sell side liquidity right there, and then price is kind of going back up. When I look at these setups, just from a liquidity perspective, the only target you really have is right here.
So if that got swept, then you'd also come up into this fractal supply, which we were finding that five-minute order block. That's where you can start to maybe get a good short setup here. Price comes in there. Look for that one-minute change of character. We'll see. That's something I want to watch. Yeah, it's just the same setup on PostCrypto. We're getting this liquidity raid.
rating all the prior sessions liquidity, which was the London session. Even the Tokyo high. Yeah, the Tokyo high even got rated. Everything did. I might take a short here on BNB. Yeah, I'll take this. Might move this stop up just a little bit. One sec. I just want to go use the bathroom. Yeah, and so if you're wondering where I got this,
We had this move to the upside that looks like a liquidity raid. Price came up. It also looks like it came up into some supply here. Over the 15-minute. We go to the one-minute. We got that initial break to the downside. You could have been more aggressive with it up here if you'd like. Price came and broke down. If you really wanted to be aggressive, you could have said right here. I think we were doing a five-minute. I just started that a second. Yeah. On the five-minute.
You got that internal break of structure right there. Price came down, came back up into what seems like the supply was right here. And then that supply was then respected. Seems like this candle might have been in. It was like institutional candle, I guess you'd call it. Right before the fair value gap, price came up, filled the inefficiency. And then we got another break of structure, the downside. And now I've got another one. We'll see how it plays out. Let me see this little fair value gap get filled.
Come back to it a little bit. Bitcoin got a nice little move down. Probably won't stay on here too much longer than an hour with you guys today. I'm about to take a nap here soon. It's crazy about that Bitcoin short that I've been in since the other day. This shit is insane, dude. It came so close.
to um wicking me out like i saw that yesterday what what oh my god like bro what the fuck but all i used was this one minute level but it's like almost weird to me like it it seems like there's engineering the buy side here but i don't know i mean it's pretty fucking crazy but the only reason it didn't is because my pip period it did wick this high over here but i use that three to five pip um grace period so that was kind of what saved me
I'm still in these. I'm holding on to them at this point. Hopefully we get my next target, which I'm probably going to add a target at that 27.9, that one wick, this wick right here. Another target looks like, yeah, 27.950. Yeah, that's a shit ton of buy side down there. Holy fuck. Sell side, but yeah, I say it backwards like every time too. Yeah, there's a ton of liquidity down there.
This low as well, really. Couldn't see this get protected, but I have to go with structure. Shit, man. Everything seems pretty weak. It's kind of choppy, but what I'm seeing is that possible liquidity raid. We hit, I think it was 15 minutes supply over here. Internal break of structure in the 5 minute. You definitely got on the 1 minute. And then we're seeing...
So the internal break of structure, you know, what caused that? Well, you know, I would say this inside bar because price came here, pulled back, then pushed through. So then what did price do after it broke, came back into it, broke down from that newly introduced demand. It's kind of clunky here on the five minute, but price wicked here, another break of structure. So you can see maybe price come up here. You want to just continue that move to the downside. It'll be easy doing.
It wants to come back up into this zone right here.
So with BLZ, I really want to wait for that double, like I want this to get broken down here. Because until then, until we get that 15 minute internal change of character followed by the new introduction of supply being respected, I'm just really hesitant to try to touch it for shorts as much as I want to. But I want to wait because it's been so, just this right here. So it's like, you know, you don't want to ape into that and then end up just getting stopped out for no reason.
PMB came into that gap. See how she reacts. Ideally, what you'd want to see here, so for instance, we saw price came down, broke internal structure, came back up, mitigated. Came down, broke internal structure, came back up, mitigated. Ideally, you want to see the same thing over and over again. Probably could come up into this candle even. Tezos was another one that I've been looking at.
So we're not at 15 minutes. Tezos is still bullish, in my opinion. This is your swing range right there. I see a little long setup on Tezos, to be honest. That's the 4-hour telling us. 4-hour is still pretty bearish, but cleared that weak high, actually. So I don't like that as far as for longs. So we came up and swept this liquidity. Oops.
I was saying earlier, even though a lot of these coins are in these bear trends, you know, say if price does this and fails to make a new low, usually price is going to come up and tag that high because it didn't do its job. So at that point, there might be something still within this zone up here. It's not getting tagged with these. So you could maybe get a little set up here. But what I'd want to see is price come back down into this zone.
move to the upside, break that, you know, wherever internal structure we leave, and then that new introduced demand zone will be where I'd look to take longs. Excuse me. What's FXS? I haven't heard of that. Oh, there's no perps on finance. It's weird. This actually has cleaner structure than half of crypto. There's a picture there.
I mean, you really did just kind of switch bullish on the 4-hour here. I mean, you got your first change, you know, depending on how you trade. That might be enough. We might not. Starting to get those signs of weakness, though. I would maybe look for this to get ran. Supply somewhere in this wick. Then move to the downside. Probably, like, target these inefficiencies. Maybe this demand. Probably this inefficiency would be where I'd go.
on a four hour something yeah that's going to close the four hour inefficiency you could probably even target all of it be risky though i wouldn't just target that i mean you'd probably be able to target the 15 minute as well right there and then of course this low too bad i can't trade that i could i guess i made a buy bet but
Well, on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here. Get some damn rest. Monitor BNB. What I'm going to do to alert this in a second, if price reaches 3R, you can take 30% to de-risk. But if you guys like the gains before that, take them, whatever. It's totally up to you. But, yeah, guys, until tomorrow, I'll see you guys. Oh, my God, long way. I just now saw this shit. This dude fucking hit.
13,000 on fucking Unify. That's insane. But yeah, guys, until tomorrow, I will see you later. I appreciate you all as always. Peace. Bye-bye.
