So this morning, we obviously saw that dump to the downside. I was just scanning some crypto. You know, I'm going to do this as a little case study, because what I've been really focusing on is developing a nice, a little bit more of a passive model for trading alts, just because with my funded, I'm really focused. As far as like my intraday movements, I'm focused more on indices and Bitcoin sometimes.
You know, I want to still give you guys there in the private server nice signals for alt. So I'm developing, I've been backtesting a lot, just a liquidity raid model. Now for ETH here, there's no confirmation yet. But for instance, what I would look for, it's the same model I use for trading indices. Like we would want to shift in market structure with displacement, creating a fair value gap. But the only thing is here.
And the thing with this model for a lot of alts on the lower timeframes is that sometimes it doesn't give the best risk to reward. So let's just say it gives a massive move up and there's a fair value gap. Well, I'm not looking to take this much farther than the old range low or equilibrium. And it could go higher, but that's just the way the model is. So the risk reward wouldn't be there. But I want to see if we get that shift. There is another one.
No, I think I was looking for another one that just never happened. So for TRX, we'll go ahead and recap this and why I wanted to take a sell. So whenever I look at the daily chart, it's pretty ugly, I guess would be the word for it. But we're kind of just ranging here on the daily, nothing really...
you know, super crazy. But what I see is, let me turn this to a cursor. I hate having the line sometimes. So I see we came down, you know, we developed a little range right here, came up, took that liquidity, and then sought after this liquidity, created a new range, right? So we're playing in a pretty wide range as far as the daily chart goes, and it's not really showing a clear intention of, you know, where we want to go. But it seems like with this displacement that we are drawing towards these lows overall.
because i see all the displacement is down you know except over here but recently it's just down um looking at the weekly time frame it's about the same as a daily not really the clearest intentions here except a lot of sell-side liquidity building up under this low right here
I think that actually took this low. So it pipped that low right there. You know, never know. It could move higher than going down to this low. Again, the weekly and the daily aren't really the craziest, prettiest charts. But the reason I like to sell on the one hour is we kind of formed this range here. You know, we formed the low right here where we moved from and then we moved pretty impulsively away from this. So the range that I would have been looking at.
would have been something like this. And you see how we came above this range right here and very quickly broke down, right? So we got that market structure shift, no fair value gap, but we did leave a nice little supply candle here. And then this morning, the one hour, we had a high right there that kind of front ran at 15 minutes, probably be clearer. And this was also,
Moving right into the London close, we pushed up and expanded pretty rapidly from that. So we have a lot of liquidity built up under these lows now. We took one area of the range and I want to see us move back up to optimal trade entry. That's why I picked that. It's exactly a 705 because we do have a pretty big void here to fill. Yes, supply candle is a bearish order buck.
Well, I mean, it can be a little different because when I'm looking at order blocks, I like playing them more on like a one hour and above. And I like to see the highest volume candle, like a big bodied candle. Like for instance, something like this. Go ahead. What are you going to say, Hoochie? Or is that you?
Oh, sorry. Go ahead. You're all good. If you had a question, I just wanted you to ask it. So would this be considered retracement then, right? Yeah. So whenever we're looking at Forex pairs, now I'm not really like the biggest TRX trader, so I don't know the seasonality. I'm not like the very verse, I should say. Now, if this were a Forex pair, I would look at this right here.
that's going to our power through the high of the day so we moved um pretty abruptly oops wrong thing um moved pretty abruptly from where is new york midnight it's gonna be right here
We moved pretty abruptly away from the New York Midnight up, taking out some liquidity. We deviated from the range we had formed here on the one hour and the 15 minute. We also formed some equal lows down below. And then we came above it during the London session. And that's important. We went over that in the time and price.
videos we went over in the private group and then price broke down, you know, using a five minute, we got that shift and fell back into the range, had this little redistribution here and then saw a massive displacement to the downside. So we took low timeframe sell stops under these lows right here. But now I look at it like we came down, we formed a little range down here, we've taken liquidity. So we should see at least some form of a retracement, which
oftentimes is the characteristic of the New York session. But I will say, looking at this, I think this was that sort of retracement, if you will. Like this was the wick creation of the daily candle. So if you look, I haven't done this yet, but it's probably gonna be right at OTE. Yeah, see, look at that. So when we have this London manipulation, then a little bit of a London expansion consolidation through the early hours of the New York session.
this would be what I would consider your retracement to the 705 and then massive expansion down. And we had that POI at the 705 as well. So just like here, I'm looking at this in the sense that, I think I was on a 15 minute, there's a breaker right here as well. So I like that. I like that at the beginning, it's the beginning of a five minute and a 15 minute fair value gap right at OTE. And we have a pretty clear target below, which is these equal lows.
So we'll see how it works. The optimal entry would have been up here. But I mean, the second entry, well, hopefully it'll play out nicely. So what does it say? I need to move it over. I hate when I do that. I put the position size too early. 6144. There we go. But as we can see, price is just bouncing between one area of liquidity to another. All right. So we have price makes a rapid expansion down.
The CPI dump. Then we start to form a range. We put in sell stops here. We put in buy stops. I would have said really here would be where the buy stops really lied. But at the same time, it's not the high of the range. So I just drew the high. You can see we came up, took that liquidity, and fell immediately back into the range with displacement. So that tells me that the algorithm is now seeking these sell stops. And if we can get an entry to catch that move, then great. And who knows? I might be wrong. But that's just the way I'm looking at it.
Now I wanted to go over an NQ trade. I misworded this this morning, but it's okay. I also didn't take the long that I almost took and took L on, so I'm happy about it. So my level is coming into the morning that I wanted to see either one of them. I wanted to see one of them taken. I'm going to do a rewind just so we can get a good view of what I was looking at.
So when we came into the morning, we have a pretty clear range, right? If you ask me right there, that's it.
So we have sell stops down here and buy stops above these highs. And we have to go in the context that, you know, we had already manipulated the range yesterday. We had that seek and destroy or search and destroy model that we talked about. So, you know, the old range was here as a sell stops, here is the buy stops. So sell stops got ran, then the buy stops, then we formed a new range, right? So now at that time, we had this range right here.
We talked about ES. I took a sell on ES above these highs yesterday.
It's a little different, yes, but this was that. We talked about that yesterday. And you can see how important it is that targeting these lows. Now, one thing I'm looking at now is it would have been potentially great just to hold, but I don't really like holding through the closure hour because my Forex funds, let's just say you're holding between five and six, you can get wrecked if something goes above your stop loss. But similar setup there, took the buy stops and now formed a new range.
price came down this morning right here right and and then this uh little market structure shift it gave the the model we use right so i gave the model but then
Look what happened. This is why, and this happened to me for a little bit trading indices, but now that I've really developed an understanding of what's going on and focusing just on the NASDAQ and S&P mainly, what was happening was a lot of people might have taken that because they would have looked at it like, okay, we rated a low into a fair value gap. We took this early morning low, got the market structure shift, but then they would have targeted the highs. Now, the reason why that doesn't make sense
is because we're late in the week. The overall weekly bias is bearish. Look how we moved above the weekly open, expanded rapidly down. Everybody wants to retrace, but there's really not a reason that we have to retrace. Ideally, we won't see price come back up to that weekly open. It's Thursday. What do you mean? We got one more day.
Are you trolling me? Yeah. I was like, no, but not like the, you know, the overall bias that I see was still bearish for the week. So you have to keep that in mind coming into the late end of the week because, you know, let's look at this weekly candle. If we're bearish, what are we seeking? We're seeking at least, I mean, the previous weekly low, right?
I mean, it doesn't have to, but that would be the first liquidity objective based on a weekly timeframe. So at that point, we're showing bearish price action. We have a bearish liquidity target. So why would we look too long? That's why I didn't take this long. Now, if you took it correctly, that could have been a nice little opportunity, I guess, right? Because you could have looked at it as what's the first, if you're bearish and you've already ran both sides of stops, you're just looking to come back to equilibrium.
So let's draw a fib. Let me fix which kind of fib it is. Let's draw a fib on this range. So what happened? At this point, since we didn't take liquidity, you're not looking at a manipulation scenario. You're looking at something to come up and mitigate or maybe fill other orders. So look in premium for POIs.
Barrage order block right above equal highs. Now, I didn't take this trade. I was actually, me and Mang were literally talking about it, watching it. And the only reason I didn't take it, it's funny, we were literally talking this morning about the market structure shift. So ideally, this is a good shift, right? That kind of candle, that's like no-brainer market structure shift, right? And it gave a long entry up to the next liquidity objective that was agreeing with the higher timeframe bias.
we came up here and look at this i literally drew it out and everything we got a break right there but to me i didn't like that as far as the displacement
I mean, the displacement was here, but then we halted and came up and then grabbed this low. But I looked at that as a potential liquidity grab, and I wanted to give us a three drive. So what I was looking for, I was watching, wanting to short, and I wanted this. I wanted another push up, and then that shift with displacement giving me a clear entry. But as we can see, price did not do that. That was the entry right there. This was the entry of the day.
And the thing is with this, and this is something, you know, the target overall target would have been the range low. But if you're playing in the context of your higher timeframe, it's Thursday, right? We're going to probably expand lower into that previous weekly low. So another thing I've been backtesting is if we are trading pro weekly bias and we're using the power of three, we're looking at this as, okay, this week.
And we'll draw a vertical line. We're looking at the week, you know, we're trying to form the weekly candle. And, you know, we're looking at something like this. We want a down candle. Let me just visualize this for you guys. And we, let's just say, you know, you're a swing trader. Well, up at this point right here, this is where you're at.
You're forming that WIC. That's what all of this is, right? You're moving above the weekly open into a higher timeframe price delivery array. Guess what was there? Daily order block. You're in a premium of the impulse range. So you have price delivery arrays in a discount. You're in a premium. You're at a POI. Price is moving up violently from the weekly open into high volatility news. And then we see...
massive displacement. Was I in the one hour maybe? Yeah. So all of that is just that manipulation. And you see on Tuesday, we have that CPI news come out, price taps in the order block and expands down. Now, everybody that doesn't look at price like this looks, you know, they just went along.
I want to long back up here to the supply because that's what a lot of these Forex courses will teach you is that price has to always go back up there. But what people fail to realize is that a larger narrative is in force. So whenever you're trading pro your weekly bias and you get an entry early in the week, one thing I'm learning is to hold that shit. Because for instance, this trade I took on Tuesday that we went over. I don't know if we went over this one or not. If I would have just held that.
It'd be at 15R right now. Now it would have came back up, gave a little scare, but that redistribution where a demand failed after the initial CPI dump, that would have been the move. And you could have targeted the previous weekly low, which I want to say was this low over here. So what's, yeah, that's last week, right? The seventh? Yeah.
So, you know, that would have been a, you know, 18 hour trade and you could have caught that and just held that through the entire week. Now, in hindsight, everybody is a God. I'm not trying to sit here and say that. Obviously, I didn't do it, but I'm just sharing some things that I'm taking note of with you guys. So, for instance, with ES, same thing. I got a short yesterday. This one would have been a little bit more stressful. And again, with me, with my Forex funds, the only way I would really do this like that NOS one, that would have made more sense because.
you know, I'm not expecting us to run aftermarket hours up to my entry, but let's just say here on SPX, I mean, look, once you get that good entry, right, where you're mitigating the true institutional involvement.
it's probably not going to come back to that area because that, if you do it right and you get a, if your timing's correct and you get everything on point, you're probably getting in and you're using your stop loss as a protected high because you're getting into the same area that smart money got in because that's where their orders were left at. Yeah. You'll know your trade's good if it immediately fucking starts moving in your direction. Exactly.
But you could hold this too and just close it on the week. So I'm developing that strategy. I'm really trying to get more data on it and get it very fine-tuned. But from what I can tell so far, the pro-weekly bias entries you get Wednesday and before.
I'm not saying to just hold the whole position. I think that that can result in a lot of wasted time and wasted opportunities. And whenever people are learning to trade and learning analysis, you feel like you're doing the wrong thing to not hold through a lot of stuff. But I'll tell you from experience.
Like, I'm happy that I took a trade where I took it. You know, because here's the thing, in hindsight, we say that, but, you know, let's just say you were wrong, right? And you had, you know, 4,500 bucks in the table, and then you get stopped out for 1,500 bucks. You know, that's, for one, that's bad for your poor. It's a waste of your time, but the real damage done there is psychologically, because I don't care who you are, that fucks with you a little bit. Maybe not a bunch, but, so, my...
you know, thesis here would be to take maybe 80% here.
and let the rest ride if it's pro trend on a tuesday or wednesday monday i wouldn't really worry about it because monday usually is just liquidity being engineered sunday night and monday is almost always just early traders getting liquidated even if you were correct like let's just say you just thought it's gonna be a bearish um week and you just shorted on monday you got wrecked right you know and it happens every week every fucking week i don't i have been watching
The same setup on Bitcoin. Let me just see. I'm curious, actually. Yeah, same thing.
Because Bitcoin and indices are about the same thing at this point. So I had this breaker and then I looked and I said, you know, I don't even think it's going to come back up there. And we didn't. Because everybody thinks, oh, we have to go back up. You know, I was looking at a potential move back up to this high. But now looking at this, we talked about this yesterday. Look at this paper trade I took, guys. This is really sad. I wanted to take this, but I didn't just because it wasn't time. And I'm trying to really just stay disciplined with.
you know, timing my entries and not being a market participant every time that I want to be. So I'm just, you know, I take the paper trade, just watch the analysis and, you know, you kind of miss or and you kind of get FOMO. But at the end of the day, what it does for you psychologically is far better, in my opinion, because it builds your confidence in your TA. And then the next time it is time to strike, there's, you know, like, let's say, you know, you take an L, you know, it builds confidence in your system.
right and once you develop something where you know exactly what you're looking for and if you get that you enter and if you don't then you don't enter it helps with your psychology because you know that this system works so for instance i'm only trading you know this was the entry model that i look for right we had a one hour high get taken a 15 minute high and then the one minute entry model right here
Now this would have been you could have entered a little higher But the way I looked at it was here was the displacement shift right there
This to me wasn't, right? That wasn't the shift for me. I mean, I guess you could have got an entry there, better entry. But to me, this was the impulse move that took, you know, that gave me that confirmation. We closed under it. So I looked at this right here. You know, I said, okay, you know, if I was really taking this, I would just execute right there. Because to me, what was that? $10 is not worth, I just mark it. People say, oh, it's just FOMO and chasing it. I don't.
I don't think so. Now, if it was a lot, it's different. If it affects your risk reward, let's just see. It would have been a little bit better for sure. But to me, whenever I'm in the market, I'm not that crazy worried about it. So when I look at this as kind of a study and to learn from it, because I'm not sad, I kind of am, but I'm not beating up on myself for not taking it because it was outside of my regimen. My trading plan is trading liquidity rates during the New York session.
This wasn't during New York session. So the model was there as far as the analysis, but it didn't meet my rule set. So paper trade it, nice to see the analysis hit. I'll probably end up starting trading my little, I have a little Binance board I threw a little bit into so I can start trading alts with you guys because I know some people miss the alt signals.
Still wanted to share this with you guys, even though I kind of miss word on it. And you can see that I wanted to just come back down to equilibrium. So when I look at this, I just looked at the first.
you know, area in equilibrium, which was just under, actually, I think it just was, I drew this on my phone, so I probably just tried to put it near EQ, because that's where I would have looked to take it. But now looking back, the true intention was down, because I looked at it originally like this was the first deviation, right, down here. And I'm just gonna delete all this, just because, I wanna make this a little clearer. So, originally, I saw that range as this.
And I saw us deviating here and then moving back up and I wanted us to come above. But now looking back, this was the true range. This was what originated from that move to the downside. So when we look, this is a good continuation pattern that I noticed with indices of Bitcoin. So the first range that is made, not the first initial bounce because that always gets fucking smacked. I mean, I guess I shouldn't say always, but you'll never catch me playing that.
you know this is where you start to see that range to be developed because now we've developed the low time frame area where there's going to be buy stops and where there's sell stops so price comes above the buy stops holy i drew that candle it's like completely opaque um it comes above the buy stops then we come down and take the sell stops so after you have this kind of price action
Right? There is no reason that you have to come back up here. Because oftentimes, that first bit of manipulation, that's where the institutions are really getting involved. Right? Right there. That imbalance. Guess where that also was? Right?
above equilibrium or at equilibrium of the impulse move that pushed us down and actually moved us into this imbalance in that four hour breaker block. So then you get your initial sweep, you've created stops. Stops get ran one direction, then they always get ran the other. But after it ran that second direction, almost always, it just looks as a continuation. All right, so after price came back up and it moved to a premium,
Then you saw you just want to look for areas of potential liquidity.
Or POIs, whatever you want to look for. But we came above that one hour high. I think this is a 15 minute, so it's going to be a little. Came above this high right here. Because when you look, and this is why it's key when you're identifying areas of liquidity. I know that I had a lot of problems when I started out because I just wanted to pick the highest and lowest points. But you got to pick the points that we moved rapidly away from. Did we move that rapidly away from right here? No. Did we move that rapidly away from right here? Definitely.
That's why we reacted off that. And this will help you with taking profits as well. So let's just say you long from down here. Maybe you wanted to target here or here and you got real sad. Well, you just got to ask yourself, what area did we move away from? Because that's where there's going to be institutional stops. Now, where we're at here.
With indices, I'm not really like forcing anything. I might look for a PM entry Let me delete this little range right here You know, we did take out a ton of sell-side liquidity I think we formed on the one hour. There's a nice little imbalance right here
So we'll see how we move into the lunch or going into the end of lunch, I should say. If we can maybe engineer some liquidity, maybe some equal highs, something like this, and then get a rate up here. Potentially could watch the one minute for continuation through the day. Another thing I wanted to share with you guys, actually. Glad I just thought of this. So something else I've been using recently is let's say if you don't catch a move in the morning and you want to catch a move in the afternoon.
Well, if you're playing a continuation, which means you think that if we had a bearish move down in the morning, we're going to have another bearish move. You can take a fib and draw it from the beginning of the morning. Let me go to five minutes. I'll be a little clearer.
So the morning move was here, right? Yes, the market moved a little before this, but I see where was the impulse move started. It was right there, right? We're not talking about pre-market with CPI. Obviously, that was the massive move. So I see that this was the general move of the morning. And if you take a FIB and draw it on that and look for the 100% extension, because oftentimes in the...
Afternoon session, once you come back to equilibrium, which we did, you rated those highs. Oftentimes, you're going to move, and it's a measured move, the same thing you did in the morning, or close to it. Now, I wouldn't just pin this on the wall and throw it, but the reason I took this one was because the one hour had sell-side liquidity right at the end of it.
So that's another strategy you can play for continuations. But it's important you don't draw it across the whole day. You just want to draw it across the actual impulse move. So a couple people. We have some requests. One second, let me look at the Discord. Do you have a video on deviations? I don't. I can make one soon. What's the first request? I'll be fair. Okay, Adam.
I was actually just looking at this. So, Adam, I really, I mean, I want this high to get taken into this order block. It might not, but that's kind of what I want. I need to set an alarm for that. But I would like a push above that because the way I look at it with Adam, it's kind of in its own world recently, right? I'm looking at it in its own context, not really in the context of...
the rest of crypto. And I look at it like the weekly timeframe is a little iffy because we didn't come to a premium. So that alone makes me not extremely ready to short. And then I look on the daily and I see, look what we have right here at that equilibrium or close to it at least. The POI itself touches equilibrium, the tap wouldn't.
The daily structure to me is pretty clearly bullish still. And we're just making higher highs and higher lows. Some manipulation right there to stop out some traders, but you can see that we've preserved the lows. So I just see it as, you know, bullish order flow as of right now. Price just came back down into a discount of a daily impulse move. Filled gaps, right? I mean, if anything, this would have been more of a long. I was talking to someone who wanted to short it, but I look at that, you know, it came down.
Honestly, it didn't really give an entry, but if it would have came down somewhere in here, it would have been a nice entry. But now at this point, I see it going for most likely the highs. I mean, I could be wrong. There's a lot of liquidity up here. That could have been the tap. Maybe it tapped it on some other exchanges. I don't know. This is the exchange I'd be trading it on, so I'm going to watch it on here. But I look at it like, yeah, this was a bearish little.
Range but all I was doing was sending us back down to discount so until you know the
the daily bias would be bearish. I'm not going to short it, especially with all of that. So if anything, I would just, you know, because I see us, you know, yes, we're in this imbalance, right? So we could reverse here, but the daily impulse swing is still pretty bullish to me. I see a lot of liquidity above these highs, front running that POI at a weekly premium. Well, equilibrium, I guess I should say.
So with that being said, I would just wait on this one. I think if crypto does start to really, really fall, it could provide some nice sales. Because if I'm looking at the weekly, it's been moseying on up here, not really leaving any pockets that would stop price. And I know that there's a lot of fundamental stuff. It's like Adam 3.0. I'm not very versed on what that is, but I know that similar to an ETH merge in the sense that a lot of people that are fundamentalists will be looking at that as like...
oh, Adam's going to the moon and all this. I don't know if they fixed their inflationary issue because I know that that was a really big problem for Adam. I have no idea what they're fixing. If that's the case, you could see some supply shock and that's why we're moving up, but I don't see much displacement. I see this more as mitigation because we're coming up into this imbalance.
near that daily order block, not leaving any kind of imbalances along the way. Like there's not one imbalance here on the weekly. So if we just were to start drawing down very violently, I would say you're drawing to first these equal lows.
And then after that, this sell side liquidity down here. That's a really big move. So again, I don't think there's any reason to rush. Now, what would switch my bias is if we did come down and swap these lows, we'd probably form some form of imbalance on the way down. And that could be something you keep an eye on.
So continuation until proven otherwise. Mr. Casper, I have a question. Yeah. Could you head over to the NAS chart real quick or any of the NDC charts? Yes.
So going back to 2016 ICT, what do you think about, oh wait, going the four hour? Oh, four hour, okay. Yeah. What do you think about liquidity voids versus imbalances? You know, I just view it as a liquidity void as an imbalance on a higher timeframe. That's just the simple way I look at it.
Okay. I wanted to ask because, I mean, you have better ICT knowledge than I do, but I remember in the 2016 videos, he goes over how imbalances, like they get tapped, right? But liquidity voids get filled. And then usually rated. Traded back through. Yeah, exactly. But, you know, if I notice that it's a liquidity void on the four hour, eventually that was some, you know, it's like over here. Like it didn't get all the way traded through in the four hour.
But like, so let's just say we have a four hour liquidity void. I'll go look at the higher time frame imbalance as far as a target. You see what I mean? Because that's the way I look at it because I've gotten my feelings hurt. Like, for instance, here's another great example right here. Now, this will probably get traded through at some point. Like the key with a lot of that stuff is, yeah, it'll get filled. But when? You know what I mean? Like, so. Right. But you know what I'm saying? Right.
So I'm basically asking, do you think liquidity voids are supposed to get filled or is it a possibility that we'll just keep creating more imbalances? Eventually. We'll kind of treat it like an imbalance and just kind of keep bouncing off of it. Eventually it'll get filled, but like for immediate bias, I just look at like what I think we're drawing towards and like the kind of the institutional structure. So like, and this is just the way I look at it. I don't know if this is really like.
would agree with some of ict stuff this is just kind of like what i've developed as far as what i've seen work for me is i just look at the daily and the weekly and i really focus on drawing liquidity more than any of that but i'll use that to my comp like to complement that so like for instance in this scenario you know we were drawing up i originally had said this this high somewhere in this imbalance i didn't think it was gonna get like full to be dead honest but i looked at it like okay when we were down here
As soon as we formed this right here. So as soon as we made that second higher high right there, I was like, we're going to premium. No question. You know what I'm saying? It's no question going to premium. And then I look, okay, where are we going? So then I could say, okay, well, there's a four-hour liquidity void. You know what I mean? But if I were to only focus on that, it would fuck my bias up because I would be looking for this. You know what I'm saying? Right.
but that's okay i see that's what i'm saying whenever i like it i look at it but i just to be honest with you bro and you'll see this coming from like bitcoin to nos i literally don't even really use the four hour chart on indices
personally yeah i could see why like that four hour chart you just looked at you saw like a very clean supply zone but it never got tapped the four hours just like will like put you in a bad mood like i swear to you it's if you had a market maker sell on a four hour or a market maker buy like this got mitigated like that if you look at like that and then you can go technically is mitigated because you're traded back into it well no because the the whole that whole down move is supposed to be your
demand creation. If you draw a GAN box on it, you probably tap a discount of that whole zone. Yeah, I agree with you. That probably went right to EQ. If you go to the WIC to WIC, it went right to EQ, I bet. Or actually a little lower. But yeah, like you said, discount. So like this, like you said, just like liquidity voids, like this right here on the four hour, that's going to be probably a daily order block. Let me actually see. Not always, but a lot of times it will be. Oops.
Yeah. See like that right there. That's your best friend on indices is your daily one hour, 15, five and one and weekly. But the four hour, I really don't even use like just because if you backed like another thing too, I don't, I don't encourage trying to use like supply and demand on me personally. I'm sure there's a lot of great opportunities on it, but.
um like four hour supply and demand like like photon logic i would never use that on indices that's just me but i i like looking at it from strictly liquidity because in my experience um and you you trade more like that already i know that but
The best trades are going to be raids, and it's always during usually the morning session, in my opinion. Not always, but the morning session usually gives the better entries. The reason I really like just using liquidity is because it stops me from taking a lot of trades. Like this morning on NAS, I don't know if you were in here, but this trade right here, because a lot of people look at it like, okay, imbalance full, 15-minute structure is bullish, four-hour choach.
right? That's like, you know what I'm saying? Because that's what that logic would train you to do. And it wouldn't even be wrong. Like you wouldn't even be wrong for it. You know what I'm saying? Like this would have been, oh fuck, you know, like here's my 15 minute confirmation, you know, respecting bullish order flow. So you come back down to this area, you come right into it. What does the one minute do? Oh my God. Like you can't even say that's not confirmation. All this down here.
really i guess i should have marked the zone this whole zone down here because you'd mark to the wick low so you come down into that zone fill the imbalance or demand whatever you look at it there's no nobody can tell you that's not a confirmation if you're using the one minute to confirm that zone the price comes up imbalance and then you just get on but it's because of trading without realizing you know like what's the true intention and at this point you know i look at it like we're you know you rated the buy stops
Well, I'm sorry, rated the sell stops, then the buy stops, created a new range here, right? Then we rated those sell stops, rated the buy stops. So then we came back down and just all this was like, and I even, I literally messaged Magnus this morning. I was like, if we take the 830 lows, I think it was 815. No, it was 830. I was like, if we take the 830 lows, I would just look for a move up to premium.
And that's exactly what we did. And premium of this, this was the impulse range that we were trading within. So we came down, took those 830 lows. Yeah, it gave an entry, but I just, to me, I don't want to take that just because one thing I learned the hard way with indices is you can get good entries and then you just get burnt like at break even or for a loss because I've talked.
improper targeting but it's just from not understanding the range and taking that weekly bias into perspective so for me it's no raid no trade with indices like never I'm not touching it if there's no raid no trade I like that you feel me like I'm just not and it makes me like today I FOMO'd like I didn't actually FOMO but I FOMO'd like a little bit watching this move up but I was like no like just whatever like if it misses fuck it and then I watched it dump
What's funny is I almost took this goddamn cell, but it didn't give me the displacement I wanted because I looked at it like, okay, we had these 15-minute equal highs right here and this order block right here. And so we mitigated that in the potential reversal zone.
And if this candle would have just closed under this, if this candle would have closed under this, I would have shorted immediately, like upon the closure. I wouldn't even have waited. I would have shorted right there. Stop lots above the lick rate high. But I watched it. I think I was looking at that two on the one minute. Yeah, I wanted a three drive. That's where that type one, type two comes in, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And honestly, it's like.
it's pretty hit or miss on the one minute i won't lie yeah sometimes you'll look great and it'll be like reaccumulation yeah so that this right here like that's why i was like that's why i was like nope it's gonna because this is what happened like when we were on live stream last week and we took those notch shorts they ended up reversing we got we got like 50 points nothing crazy but and that was a great example of i had targeted too far on those notch shorts we took anybody who was in the stream last week you probably remember what i'm talking about because we ended up getting some nice profits
And then it reversed, just like how the people in longs here. So it's like the same thing, right? But this to me, I looked at it like, okay, you know, whenever we have these areas of liquidity like this, I like seeing three drives a lot of time on the one minute. And you'll see that second drive oftentimes will give you, quote, an entry if you're looking for it. And then price will come up, take this high, then give you the entry.
This morning that didn't happen. It's okay. Whatever emits the trade.
It's never fun, but it is what it is. Looking back, I see, okay, that was the signal, so to speak. But I'm not really mad at it because it didn't really fit what I wanted to do. So I can't be upset that I didn't take it because at the end of the day, following my system and being disciplined, that benefits me more than the P&L from this one. I genuinely believe that. I know that sounds crazy to some people.
I'm in this for the long game. This is my profession. So I look at my psychology while trading and me as a trader way more than I look at like each day. Because once you like anybody like JL, you'll agree with me. I know anybody who's funded is going to agree with me or anybody who's been profitable for a while. The analysis is the fucking easy part. Your psychology.
is what defines you and your limitations. That's what's going to make you, are you going to be a five-figure trader? Are you going to be a six-figure, seven-figure trader? What are you going to be? And that's not going to be based off of who's the best analysis or who's the best analyst and does the best analysis. It's going to be based off of who thinks properly and who maintains their edge.
And is robotic to an extent. That's who's going to be able to take trading to the next level. And that's my opinion.
Now here, what I want to see, like we were just talking about, I'd like to see some consolidation, potentially see a lick raid with that one minute entry model into this imbalance. I'm not trying to be a predictor. It's my new term. So many people ask, like, what if we go to the weekly open, create a fair value gap, reverse, raid liquidity. And I'm just like, I mean, Jesus, like that's possible. But like, fuck, man. You know what I'm saying?
I have no fucking idea. But the only thing I look at is like, where are we at now? So I don't want to push that narrative like I'm predicting it. But if we get that, I might take a sell. Might not. This week's been really good. So I don't care to just chill either. And I'm sad about this. Not sad, but this Bitcoin paper trade. It's just funny. I deleted it, but it was like right there. Could have just held that bitch to the range low. But again.
I learned from that. I learned from that more than if I would have taken the trade. So, you know, it's silver lining. You've always got to stay optimistic and be objective whenever you're looking at, you know, your trading and your performance and your analysis. Because, again, I cannot stress it enough. Oh, here's another thing, actually. Sorry, guys. Caffeine's got me.
There was SMT divergence on the S&P right here. So this could have been another confirmation. And I want to start watching both. I just haven't gotten the habit of it. So we see right here, we didn't make that higher high. Yes, we did. So that could have been even more confirmation to go short on NQ, even if you're not trading S&P. Or the S&P, it really didn't give an entry, in my opinion.
I mean, it didn't even break structure. Unless you're talking about this. And it's like, I mean, I wouldn't have looked at that. Is that the one minute? Yeah. If you go down to the 15 second, your internal... Oh, I'm sure it did on the 15 second. Yeah, your internal swing that broke structure to the upside right there. That's the accumulation. That's where you swapped bearish. Yeah, no, for sure. I personally don't use the 15 second, but I'm sure that it'll oftentimes give like, look at this. It's going to be like a straight sniper. Did it hit that breaker?
That's probably actually what it is right there. I didn't actually. I thought I did for a second too. But this fair value gap, I guess the opening of this is where it, the order's really, yeah, look at that candle shelf off of it. One thing I was doing with the 15 second was like, I was testing it, but it just wasn't consistent enough, was the...
confirming the fair value gaps. Like, let's just say like the one minute did break and then the 15 second moves into it. I would use it to confirm. But what I found was half the time it just gave a shittier entry. You know what I'm saying? Like that one minute model, if you do it right, hits. There's no need to confirm past it for me.
another thing too like like i tell people like like it's cool and like fun to like look at like oh 15 second entry like 100 are like fam you're not taking that on a funded i'm sorry like if you are you're crazy because you're you don't know what you're risking because your fill is not going to be your stop loss it's not like you can go ahead and kiss that shit that's all pipe dream shit that's demo shit because like bro like if you have like
you know, a $2 stop or a $1 stop, let's just say on ES, like, I mean, you can get like a four or $5, but one, you know, may not sound like a big difference. That's a huge difference. You know, a one minute candle can move, you know, four or five points on ES.
if it gets volatile enough. And oftentimes, if your stop loss is in the wrong place, it's going to get volatile at your stop loss because it's going to absorb that liquidity and go another probably a couple points past it. So let's just say you use some 15-second entry and it's like, oh, 100R. But let's say the one time you're wrong because you're going to end up being wrong. Instead of just losing 1% of your account, if you're risking 1%, you might've just lost 3% or 4%.
You know what I mean? And it's like, maybe you took an L earlier that day. You just lost your account if you hit the drawdown. I mean, it's just like, to me, it's like a lot of that shit, bro, is just like, it's just pipe dream demo shit, bro. Like a lot of the shit I see on YouTube, it's just all people selling fucking dreams. But, and that's, I don't know, maybe people disagree, but let me look at some more alts. TRX coming back up. Okay. Yeah. There we go.
The Miners are moving to ETH Classic. Yeah, they've been talking about that for a while. I have a buddy who's pretty big on...
He's big on Bitcoin mining, but he's been telling me for a while that Ethereum Classic was going to be a move for a lot of the miners because a lot of people don't realize, but Ethereum miners, I think, made more than Bitcoin miners did in 2021. And, you know, they're not going to be happy about that shit. Plus, another thing with proof of stake, like all that is is just centralizing Ethereum without centralizing it. That's all that is. It's like, you know, we're decentralized. You just have to have 32 Ethereum to be a node.
It's like, okay, it's real decentralized. It's like, or you can, you know, give us half your profits to be a part of our node. It's just a push. But, I mean, it does help for, you know, the usability of the platform, you know, but. The supply of ETH Classic is not that fucking, it's not that big, man. Yeah. Interesting little PA here on ETH. I'm not trading this right now, but.
A forward test. A little void right there. I would focus on the lower one, most likely. Could see it move back up to retrace some of this move down. I'm just not going to trade it during the merge, or the day of the merge, I guess I should say. TRB. Somebody asked if I avoid any time frame in crypto.
You know, with alts lately, I just have been not looking at anything less than a five minute. But the one minute does give good entries. I'm not saying it doesn't. I just I just know my personal style right now. I'm not sitting there camping on all charts. So five minutes, probably lowest you're going to see me on Bitcoin. I'll watch one minute charts and stuff because, you know, that's more what I'm actively trading. But also I look at kind of like a side hustle. Ideally, just want to swing or trade, you know, not like a long term swing, but just like a couple of days in the trade type thing.
TRB. I'm not sure what that box was.
I fell through the breaker as I was watching that breaker. Let me go ahead and redo all this. Yo, what's up, Casper? What's good? Bro, is there any particular reason why you trade TRB so much? I'm just curious. No, no, I'm not. This is just somebody requested it on YouTube. Yeah, no. My dog stays on TRB's top. Not in a bad way. I'm just like, bro, dude.
There's something I don't know. Fuck TRB. Honestly, that shit. We got in like longs. ADA just fucking rails. Goes like 7R or something. You know, Rune went a little bit. I didn't make anything off that. I got stopped to break even. We took an L on Soul. But it was nice. And I was like, you know, on Soul, we got invalidated pretty quickly. You know, so we took the L, whatever. And then TRB was just like, fuck you. Like it would like.
every time the market pumped it would have like the most minuscule pathetic move and then every time the market dumped it was just like massive death i think it was like
I don't even know. I think it was over here in this region. I can't remember. But, oh wait, no, no, I'm in the daily. I'm fucking tripping. I'm sorry. I thought it was in the four hour. I was like, wait, that's November. No, it was over in, I think, this region. Yeah, it was like this. Like we got in somewhere here. It just literally just chilled. The market's just flying right here. This was the market pump. TRB moves like nothing and then dies. But anyways, looking at the weekly chart.
The weekly seems pretty clearly to be drawing down towards this imbalance here.
So I'd be looking for a move down into that overall, before you start to see any kind of bullish weekly scenario. Yeah, you got a daily change of character, I guess, if you look at it like that and you're in that demand. If you were to try to long, I would require like four hours shifting bullish, which would be quite a bit, be all the way up here. I'd probably be more short biased, if you want my opinion. I think we're coming for these lows. Again, looking at it from a...
you know a range perspective um and above that four hour high the 15 minute that's actually clean once we got that displacement break of structure which really was right here i look at those lows getting taken and that's not structure i mean you could look at as this i just look at the displacement move fair value gap entry like as soon as that second candle closed and create a fair value gap you could have entered anywhere in there stops above that
And then target the lows. That's the way, that's the narrative I see unfolding here. Not great risk reward. I can't say I would have taken it. It's not bad, but just for the, you know, for a higher timeframe move, but that's what I see. You're probably going down for these lows. You could even maybe look to take it down into that weekly imbalance, make it more worth your while. But that's kind of the narrative I see playing out. But on that note, I do have to hop off here. I got something I got to go do. I'm actually going to be late. I just realized, but yeah, so.
If you guys have any questions, as always, just feel free to reach out. Yeah, that's about it, guys. I appreciate it, and I'll see you tomorrow. Peace.
