We turn Miami to Miami, we do this with that and she hit me. She really hit me. I'm cutting shit all out of the shit. My heart doesn't fall, that's the difference. Put it down in the top. Yeah, I fucking all traded.
What's up guys, we're down here in miami and today i'm gonna pull back the curtains on what a day in the life looks like how i make money trading and Yeah, really just show you guys what's possible because this is my ninth year trading and I came from a small town I really never thought that I would make it this far And I just want to give you guys a glimpse into what your future is going to be if you guys lock in So with enough of the chitchat, let's get started So real quick, let's hop into my strategy that I use to trade nasaq
same thing every single day and it's so simple even a beginner couldn't mess it up so today as you see right here all i did was i put these vertical lines to map out the different time ranges so for example i'm just marking out between 6 a.m and midnight and then 6 p.m and midnight okay so whatever the highest price was and the lowest price that we made during those times i just marked those out as levels and i'll just look to trade based on the reaction to those levels so
For the reactions, I'll show you guys live. We'll see if we get a trade today. I'm gonna be trading with the team. Important thing here, guys, is just making sure to stick to the plan. Maybe you get a trade, maybe you don't. It's important to execute if you do. It's also important to not execute if you don't. What I wanna see here, guys, is like...
If we get above this high and hold, like kind of like how we did, if we look at this London high, the way we hit into it pre-market, that tells me that overall, there's a decent chance that we're gonna move higher. I don't wanna just die on that hill though, but we are already hitting into this Asia high. So I wanna see, do we hold above this? Do we get a fail flip or do we start to get a reversal? I was also looking at the profile for NASDAQ and if we get above like 19, 300, 400, which is far away, I think the market could start running like.
crazy if we start to see that kind of like continued bullish intention where all this time-based liquidity is just getting absorbed and we're moving higher that's where i would start to look to be a little bit more aggressive and expect some more volatility to upside so what i'm watching for to be clear here is now that we've hit this level like do we treat it just like we did with this london high and hold above it and start to push or does it start to give us that reversal and i'm not against taking a cell to be clear like if we get a cell and it's very clear
i'm happy to take it but i am leaning a little bit more bullish and see that's what i mean whenever i say scenarios like sometimes you'll have no bias at all sometimes you'll have you'll lean one way but the key thing is to make sure you still would take a trade either way and if anything it should just affect your risk management right like it shouldn't affect you like not taking a trade or only taking one side we hit this high this low right here just ended up hitting into this down close candle i want to see a little bit more
But if anything, I'm leaning more bullish. That can change very quickly. Essentially, again, like I said, how we react to this high, the market seems to just wanna push through it. I'm gonna go ahead and take one long, just very light risk at 860 stops. Okay, so it's very, very light risk on this. Reason being is just the way that we're interacting with that high. Also the pre-market, we kind of already traded into that Asia high.
saw a acceptance of it. So I'm gonna put an open TP. I put it up at that previous daily high, which is the level that we had earlier. Stops are at 860. So it's really good risk to reward too. And this is kind of what I was talking about yesterday and all the time, really. When you have a trade that has a lot of logic and it has a lot of risk to reward, I'll always throw a little bit in it. For example, like it's the opposite. Like this trade, it's like, okay, well, you get one tiny little one minute close under the first candle of the day.
to me that's not necessarily something i am going to really pay attention to now we've hit lows we've rejected them we've hit highs we got accepted above them had this little attempt at a sell-off and then immediately that candle got engulfed so willing to put a little bit of risk on it it's not something i want to like bet the farm on but i do like the setup and if we start to get some motion we could get a nice rush now something else to pay attention to as well or just to remember is
We have Google earnings today. Also guys, who bought Meta with me and Google? I know that none, I can just tell when people, oh, so many people did, okay. Yeah, we absolutely like fucking crushed that shit. I was like, if this market, if the market does like just recover from there, that was like generational buys right there. Like massive, like crypto gains on Meta if it hits. Another thing too, Bitcoin buys are up nicely. It took a while.
but uh we didn't get in the full full position cool so we're running about let's see what like 30 points in profit nothing major let's see if we can get a little a nice pump here i like the way this looks though i like what i'm seeing and see what i mean like again like whenever we come above these highs like after you've hit that level how does the market react in the highs and lows like in this example okay well lows we're sweeping them and immediately pushing the upside highs you see and right here like when this candle that down close candle right there
notice how like it hit this and it had like a big push down and immediately popped back up to me that's a high likelihood that some traders are getting trapped there so like those early shorts are getting trapped right and ideally we want to see the market use them as fuel so i want to let this run a little bit i'm not going to trail stops just yet but if we start to get some nice clear displacement get some room between us and price like our entry and price then that's where i'll maybe move my stops dude i love trading man
It really is like, it's so cool because there's like, I have a lot of work that I do with the business and everything else. And I mean, a lot of it I'm excited for it to be clear, but like trading is the one thing I'm like really excited about when I wake up. So like you wake up, I'm just like on a day that I know I've set up to trade and I know that it's like I'm down here in this fucking beautiful house. I got you guys to hang out with in the morning. It's just like absolute peak start of the day.
trading makes me hate going back to my day job yeah dude 100 cool guys running up like coming up on 1300 in profit actually 1400 now it's moving pretty nice so nice move up almost 2r currently i'm just gonna hold on to this for now because it looks pretty good we'll see if we can get stops moved up here soon i mean it's it's moving nice
let's go what i'm going to do though is since i think we were good enough at this point i mean it's not like there's a crazy like structural sweep here but if we come back down all the way down to our entry likely would be either you know either able to get another entry or we wouldn't be you know seeing the market continue so i'm going to go ahead and move stops to entry overall we'll let this run towards that previous daily high but we've taken out these highs right here it's kind of another reason why i want to move up this so we'll see what happens i'll give it some space
Ideally, I'd like to see it flush through these. I mean, wouldn't we all? All right, guys. So we're up pretty nicely here. We've got like almost 90 points roughly in profit. Cool little 1800 on one NASDAQ contract. Oh, 2000. There we go. Likely going to go ahead and trail up stops to this right here.
just to kind of get something because I want to make sure we secure some gains for today on this move. So now we've secured about 48 points. It's like over a thousand bucks. Not too bad for 20 minutes. Hopefully we get some more. I want to see if we can run. It looks good to be clear. Another thing too, if you notice this matches up with like the five minute price waiting. Like if like, let's just say we were using price waiting at this high. Now, for those of you who don't know, price waiting is just looking at a candle. Look at this right here, bro.
Brick requested another 40k yesterday. Another 40k. And he's up. How much are you up right now in the actual accounts? He's up 178k. Every day is green. That's fucking insane, bro. That's actually wild. Brick, do you want to come to... I'm going to fly you out somewhere like what we do with Jaden, bro. The market's railing. We're up like 3k now. Dude, let's fucking go. Actually, it was like $900 in risk. I'm sorry. $900. Good shit, guys.
We're up like 150 points now. 10k day. Let's go, dude. Let's fucking go, man. Everybody's fucking crushing. So now we're almost approaching 4k on the day. I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to trail stops up again. I'm going to put it to this candle body. I'm not trying to hang out and let this thing play around too much. So we've secured a good amount of profits now. Regardless if it hits this trailing stop or not, I'm going to be thrilled on the day. Hey, you're the goat, bro. You're the goat. That's you, bro.
Cool, there it is. Out for like 3,300 on the day. So I'm happy with that, guys. New three funded accounts, 6K, just passed his first funded account solo. Let's go. Ethan, 10K on the day. We absolutely just crushed the day. Now, look, guys, I want you guys to take some time and go get off the screens. You've already made some money. Don't sit here and chop away at it. Please don't fuck yourself up. Don't care if the market runs without us.
I'll let you guys in on a little secret that I don't know if you guys forgot. The market will still be here for another day. You made good money today. Don't fuck it up. Review and reflect. Ask me any questions you have in the forum. Great gems today. Great trade. Let's go. Much love, guys. Anything you guys need, I'm here, and I'll see you guys later. Peace.
All right. So right around this time, I got to check in on Slack, check in on my businesses because I've been locked in trading and doing other stuff. Usually right around this time, like right around this 11 a.m. time, I kind of switch out of like deep work and trading mode to being more working on stuff that is like requires quick attention, hitting the gym, getting any kind of like, you know, business manager type tasks done.
And yeah, so we're on the way to the gym right now. I think we're going to meet up with some of my friends. We'll see if they pull up or not. And after that, I got to go pick up some stuff from the jeweler. Got to get that taken care of. So yeah, let's see where the day takes us. And it's crazy, man. Like sitting here talking about this is just, it's wild. Like to be honest, guys, those of you who know my story, you'll know how crazy it really is.
not that long ago you know like earlier in my life i had gotten into trouble for weed and all sorts of stuff and you know at that point i really didn't know what life was going to be like you know i was looking at time and all this stuff and and god is good thank god i ended up getting a second chance at life and turn my life around so just riding this car like trading making you know it was like 3 200 bucks in a couple minutes helping a lot of people too like really just being around a lot of people trying to to chase the same goal
It's just crazy. This future song is funny. It's called Chosen One. I don't know if you can hear it. I used to listen to this song all the time whenever I was back in that old life. So it's when I listen to these songs in a different state of mind. I got chills right now even saying it. Because it almost takes you back to a different version of yourself. Like some of those old songs. But once you've gone full circle and you've really realized who you really are and fulfilled your full potential, it just hits different, man.
You know, just for those of you guys watching, whether you're at rock bottom, like, I don't know if it's the same as what I was because I had a pretty crazy story. But, you know, rock bottom comes in many different forms. So understand, like, that's actually when you have the biggest advantage you'll ever have. Because whenever I came up in trading, it was because I had nothing to lose. You know, like I thought that my life was over. So I had no fear at that point. And going all into something, really just diving in and eliminating all fear, that's how you really win, right?
and that's what that's what that taught me so if you guys are at rock bottom understand you got the advantage of having nothing to lose and absolutely nothing is as dangerous as the man with nothing to lose it's funny like i think a lot of people think with trading that once you're a trader you just like trade all day or something you know that's like a misconception is that you just get good at the markets and you spend all your time trading which is funny because
Why would you know when he gets into trading originally because they get in because they think you can make Easy money in a short amount of time, which is not easy I always say trading is the hardest easy money you'll ever make because yes, you guys just saw me make that money It was what 20 30 minutes, but this is my ninth year doing it. So every time I make
$3,000 in 20 minutes. Or on Monday, I made $20,000 on Monday morning. I didn't make $20,000 on Monday morning. I made $20,000 over the last nine years. I made that $3,000 over the last nine years because all of those lessons, all the losses that I went through, that's what made me able to make that money. So that's another thing I want to be clear with you guys is that it's not something that you're going to become a millionaire overnight at. I'm never going to be one of those guys that's here to sell you that dream. Of course, yes, I live a great life. I've made millions of dollars.
But it didn't come without a lot of pain and suffering. So I want to be super clear on that. As you guys know, I'm always trying to paint out realistic expectations and nothing crazy. But the thing is, though, the thing is, your wildest dreams are also realistic expectations. The problem is you don't have the patience or the discipline to stick at it and keep doing the same thing over and over and over again so that finally I'm plays out.
and you finally get there because really the the only thing between you and what you want is time and the right mindset like nothing else right because you know if you if you truly believe you're going to get something and you actually sit down and work at it like i'm not saying you you play on your phone and have it on a youtube video like you're actually working you're actually doing everything you need to do to get that thing there's absolutely nothing in this world you can't get i mean take it from somebody
I was written off as a failure. I was written off as somebody who was, you know, my life had been over. I was going to go to prison. Everybody thought that I had completely fucked up at life, including me. And fast forward, you know, what, almost five years later, I've made millions of dollars. I've retired my parents. I can do whatever the fuck I want to do. It's crazy, guys. And I don't say that. I say that humbly. I don't say that to sound like I'm flexing. I say that to motivate you guys and show you what's really possible because I came from absolutely nothing.
If I can do that, literally any of you guys can get through it too. So always remember that. Always remember that anything that you're going through, it was put there for a reason, man. It was put there to make you into the person that actually can get what you want to get. And whether or not you take advantage of that and take it as a lesson or you complain about it and blame why you're not successful on it, that's really up to you. And that's what makes either a winner or a loser in this world.
And the sooner you realize that, the sooner your life's gonna change. All right, man, so we just put up at Boxer, my boy Kyle, or as you guys know him as J-Cap, is gonna be here in a second. So we're gonna go ahead, get warmed up, get ready, probably do some upper body today. But yeah, man, let's get right into it.
Boy, it's good. So we just got done at Boxer. The car's here.
We're about to, I got to meet the jeweler. These boys got to go get ready and then we're going to grab some lunch. But yeah, you know where to find JadeCap. It's JadeCap on all social media. Dude just got like two and a half million dollar payout. Definitely hit him up. Marco Trades. Make sure to give him a follow. Well boys, I'll see you in a little bit.
she's got like that mobile jewelry shop like we're at the rest we're at casa too we're actually gonna go to casa too again but we were at casa too the other day and she just pulled out the whole like whole jewelry case i was like she's ready i got my girl a little uh little bracelet too for a nice little surprise gift she's gonna love it yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i know it's perfectly yeah it's funny like on these vlogs i feel like it's always just like only rolex is it the jeweler you know what i mean but uh
Hey, this is the bigger win. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Also, guys, make sure to follow Camilla. I'm going to put her Instagram. It'll be up on the screen. She takes care of me for everything I need with jewelry. I've spent a good amount of money with her. She's always taking amazing care of me. As you can see, we're just pulling up over here to meet her. And she pulled up on me the other night. We went out to dinner.
it's just always a good experience always a really good experience yeah so jesse it was very nice to work with him because he had a nice knowledge about natural diamonds and it was made the process really easy and fun and we decided from the scratch he chose the stone and we
and ended up doing this beautiful ring for anna yeah she's gonna love it she deserved she's a sweet girl so yeah the uh the jewelry i had before we were talking about the dinner like when i was in my past uh life i had like the big diamonds and stuff it was just funny how different i am now it's like so much more clean and classy yeah because the jewelry represents your style all right guys so we are done now she got me the ring she gave me the bracelet thank you so much camilla i really appreciate you yeah yeah
Have enjoyed it. Yeah, of course. Of course. Everybody make sure to follow Camila. Again, I'll put her IG on the screen somewhere. She is the best jeweler in all of Miami. Just the best jeweler. So if you need anything, hit her up. She'll take good care of you. Thank you so much. Thank you, Camila. Thank you.
Originally got in in 2016, I put in like, it was like 20 something thousand, like low 20 thousand, turned out 380 thousand, right? So then I'm like, I'm the shit, I'm a traitor. I got this shit. Lots of all of them. People that I know that came into this, looked around and said, okay, this is how this works, okay? And within a year made a bunch of money.
Right now we're going to head over to my boy Jeremy Haynes' house. You guys may have heard of him. He's an absolute legend in the business space, in the marketing space specifically. He's helped a ton of companies get to a million dollars a month and I've learned a tremendous amount on the business side from him. And cool thing a lot of people don't know about this guy, he actually got some crazy payouts from Apex.
And this is somebody who didn't trade. He's just a go-getter. And the way he put it to me, he said, everything I do, I want to be in the top 1% of. So when he went and started trading, because he saw some people getting payouts, he said, I'm going to be in the top 1%. And safe to say he did it. And I think this is going to be cool for you guys. And I tell a lot of my people that I work with this all the time.
So winning or losing is just a way of life. It's a mindset. It's who you are. Like if you take a winner who's really good at something and you put him in another field, he's likely going to win again. It might take him some time, but winners win. And I want to go ahead and show you guys exactly what I mean by that, by breaking down how Jeremy did it, the strategy he used and how much money he made, because it's actually pretty crazy. And yeah, I'll let him tell you guys though.
But we're gonna head over here right now get through this traffic. We're driving over the bridge from Miami Beach I've got to go up to his penthouse. So let's get it Honestly, this one doesn't even sound as good as mine, bro
Like nowhere near as good as mine. Yeah. I mean, it's still badass. Supposed to be faster? Did you get there? Like, I honestly don't know the genuine. I can't tell if it's like, maybe I'm off the mark. I thought a 750s was supposed to be faster. It feels like, really, like, feels the same. I mean, like, maybe even a less, a little bit less response. Mine's the performance, though, so look at this fucking guy.
Think she fuckin' know about it A quarter million in by the time I heard back I say her name in the song, she gon' be two-pappy Bro think I'm wrong, keep it in two-sided
All right, so we are about to hit Komodo. It seems like every trading influencer online is in Miami. So I organized a big dinner with everybody. I got like 20 people going. So we're going to hit that up here in a minute and then afterwards probably get some cigars to end off the night.
all right so that ends a super long day it was a good day we uh went to komodo what else we did we did a bunch of stuff just had cigars i'm tired as hell i gotta wake up in like four or five hours but hey it's miami right
We're going to wake up tomorrow. I might go to the heat game for a little bit. My boy Jeremy got the VIP suite. I don't know if I'm going to make it. We tried to move the yacht back to where we can go late enough so I can make the game. But if I can't make the game, then I'm just going to do the yacht. But we got another big day tomorrow. I appreciate you guys watching, getting a little inside look at everything. And yeah, make sure to subscribe to the channel. Let me know if you like content like this. Usually I just post the educational stuff. So I've been...
pulling back the curtains on my life a little bit and yeah.
I think it's cool, it's fun. I'll tell you what, it's almost more fun than making educational stuff. Still love the value and everything, but it's nice for a change just to kind of like live and just, you know, let you guys in on what my life looks like and just, you know, kind of normal stuff. But anyways, I'll see you guys in the next one.
We go to AZ and send it, we go to AZ and get it I'm hungry, I admit it, I'm swear I'm conditioned I serve and I hustle on any condition
