Hey, what's up, guys? If any of you guys were watching this on YouTube, go ahead and fast forward a couple minutes because it was a live stream, so I want to give everyone a few to get in. What's up, Slim Kim and Haas? I don't know why you're server muted. Why is my Discord lagging right now? I'm trying to right-click your name, but it's loading. Discord's been pissing me off lately. Okay, there we go. What's up, Johnny? You're goaded, Kasper. I appreciate it, bro. You've been killing it, too.
Yeah, just learning every day. It's been a crazy couple weeks just like personal life stuff, but I'm back at it. Hell yeah. You definitely caught on quick as fuck, honestly. I was super surprised.
Yeah, it's been crazy. We've been talking about these highs on indices for a while. Again, obviously, that was a clear bias. I'm not a genius for telling you guys that one at the beginning of the week, that we were going to come up and take these highs. We did just that. So now we are, and I put out, I tweeted about this and said basically,
to be patient with indices and let the market show you its hand, right? You know, whenever we are at key levels like this, and when I say key levels, I mean above an old high, so we're in a liquidity pool on a high timeframe. We also are inside this imbalance. So, you know, if we look at this from an institutional perspective, think of it like if you're a market maker, what are you doing here?
Well, whenever we're looking at where institutional orders might lie, it's going to be in this area right here where they might lie. Right. Why? Well, you've got this supply candle if you don't look at it like that. But what gains my attention more is this imbalance right there. So now we're looking at potential institutional orders anywhere here. And guess what else was engineered right below that as these liquidity pools. Now we're on US 30.
We'll go to SPY, same thing. NOS hit it much earlier, but it's all the same thing, really. We're looking at that initial area where orders might reside.
So when we're at a level like this, it can be a little more difficult to establish your daily bias. As in, where do you think today's candle is going to close lower than it opened or higher? Do you think we're going to be lower than yesterday?
So leading up to this, it's very clear that we can say, you know, whether we're right here, here, here, anything under here, you know, when we were down here, we said we're drawing to this high. We're pushing up, we're showing displacement, right? So whenever you see strength like that above these highs, because I get a lot of questions about like, okay, how do you know which old high to...
where we're going to reverse, so to speak. Well, for one, you kind of get a feel for it. I'll be honest. And it's almost, there's an art to it. And there's kind of like some instinct to it. But one of the easier ways I can try to explain it is whenever you see this kind of move into a liquidity pool or something you thought was liquidity pool, you get that strong move and a strong close. So what does that tell me? That tells me that price is drawing higher. Tells me that something,
needs to be cleared out above this level. Now, this one is easy. There's a lot of equal highs. We know that price loves equal highs because there's a lot of stops there. And I had somebody ask me today, and they said, well, how do retail traders not just run out of money? And if institutional traders are, well, not institute, if market makers are looking to hunt these retail stops,
How did the retail just not run out of money? Well, it's not just retail stops that are being hunted. Whenever we say institutions or banks, that term gets thrown around immensely. And I think it gives a false narrative. I use it a lot. I even use it. It's just a habit. But don't ever get it twisted and think, I mean, every single institution is out there using this interbank algorithm.
It's not at all what's happening. Half the time, these stop losses and these levels that we're hunting, those are institutional stops. They're more high value. Of course, yes, there's retail stops there, right? But for instance, you know, like whenever we see these massive moves down, you know, not only retail is getting stopped out and getting wrecked, you know, massive funds are getting obliterated. So we're looking at these daily levels.
You know, any institutions that got short anywhere in this consolidation that were looking to swing shorts, you know, to the next market crash, we're going to go to the 1930s again, not the levels, but we're going to have a Great Depression. That's what everybody was waiting. Everybody keeps talking about a market crash.
You know, prices is just done, right? Everything's going down. So there were a lot of institutions that probably got short here. They might have swung it all through this. They were probably taking profits, but there's going to be a lot of stop losses above this area. So when we look at price coming up and it comes above this area strongly, we get that displacement into it, and we don't see a reaction like that. That tells you that price wants higher.
So at that point, our daily bias is that price is going to continue to move to the upside. Now, on top of that, we had a little bit of a giveaway here whenever the NASDAQ went above these highs. The SPY is going to do the same thing. These charts almost all look the same. It's almost like there's algorithms running in these markets.
Once we come up in these areas, there's also these imbalances. If you look at supply and demand, we went over this a little bit. There's this fractal buy-to-sell range right there, those wicks. Anytime you have wicks that look like that, we know that on a lower timeframe, there's going to be an order block or supply candle, whatever you call it there. We also see that price did not make it above that zone and moved impulsively away from it. So we can say there's probably mitigation occurring there or orders being filled because there's a fair value gap.
Now we're looking at the market from the perspective of we're above old highs. Everybody is bullish. Actually, a lot of people are bearish. A lot of people are bearish, especially on crypto. But I think a lot of people are regaining hope and they're getting FOMO. And then we have Fed talk about we're probably going to get a 0.5% rate hike in September.
Also, September is usually bearish, historically, as August is bullish. So we're at a weird spot. So it can be harder, I guess, to find a daily bias.
But I did want to just touch that with indices. And also, that really goes for crypto, too, and Bitcoin. Now, I think the daily bias on Bitcoin is pretty clear. I think it's down right now. I don't think there's anyone that can argue that. I think crypto, the daily bias, or the general bias is down right now. Mine is, at least. It's not really a scenario where I'm looking to build longs or build equity.
I just don't see it yet. Now, that can change. We can come back down under this area and, you know, purge out and then we move up. We might do that. But I need signs that that's going to happen. I don't just. A lot of people, when price gets super cheap on crypto.
They think it has to come up. And we did see it already. We saw a big move to the upside. I also see a lot of liquidity on both ends that needs to get purged. But for now, I see price coming back down to these regions. So just really touching up on the bias that we went over for indices, everything's been met. All of the targets have been achieved. And also, if you were here yesterday, you caught the move on SPY up to that target. And this is a really good example.
of how to develop a daily bias and then implement it intraday now this was easy because we were very close to it and i appreciate everybody commending in this trade but i it's it's really it was an easy trade it's very easy it's like free money now we went over yesterday but for those who didn't get to see it i'll go over it again um whenever we have price drawing up above to something that you know we're looking at a higher area let me replay that so i don't have to keep moving do one more candle
So whenever we have established that price, we want to come up to this red line, the equal highs on the daily chart. So if the market makers want to push price up into this area where they not only have access to liquidity, but they have their potential orders still residing on the daily chart, there's this imbalance, right? And also there's a weekly imbalance.
So if there's orders still in this area which we're anticipating there are and it seems like there definitely were They're gonna need
They're going to need buyers, right? And where are those buyers going to come from? Buyers are going to come from getting stopped out on shorts and also people buying the breakout. So they're going to have to push price up there. Now, if they're going to push price to the upside to rebalance their books and fill those orders and have access to a liquidity pool, this is like their gold mine. How are they going to do it? They're going to use the same formula. The algo is going to do the same thing that it's doing up here, and it's going to do it down here, but on a much smaller scale.
So we came on stream, I think it was a 1030 and happened almost immediately. It happened literally in that first little bit, the liquidity rate itself. So whenever we're looking for our opportunity to catch the move of the day or.
the morning trade on indices. We just look for that liquidity rate that is opposing our daily bias. And what I mean by is if we think that we're going to go up, we look for a sell-off. If we think we're going to go down, we look for a rally. So we identified, you know, where's our major liquidity at?
Well, you can look at the last swing, the low that you moved impulsively off of, which is going to be that one right here. So we already cleared this, right? We cleared that before the market opened. Now, you might be wondering, why didn't I take this move right here? Because it was before 9.30 a.m.
Whenever 9.30 a.m. hits, a ton of orders are executed. And oftentimes, you're going to be able to tell the bias for that day within the first three five-minute candles if you know what you're looking for. You're going to be able at least to confirm your bias. So, for instance, whenever we're looking at...
Price action here. It was a little a little different than that you can't you know, you could look at it like okay Well, you know, we came up, you know, the last thing we're looking at here is You know break a structure to the downside We've got a fair value gap and you didn't break the high right here. You came close, but you didn't break it So you might look at it like okay, this is a sell scenario
Now, was there a selling opportunity? Yeah, sure, there was. You might have taken that. You almost got stopped out, or maybe you did with spread, but...
A lot of people get lost in that narrative of like, okay, that's going to be the move of the day. We moved up, order block, we're going down. I'm targeting lows down here or something fucking crazy. And that just comes from not having a good daily bias or a correct daily bias. But whenever we know what we're looking for, we're not going to entertain anything else. So we also want to see that displacement move. And oftentimes it doesn't, when I say you know the intentions,
Within the first five minutes, it's not like the setups there in the first five minutes. What I mean by that is whenever you know what you're looking for, you'll develop an eye for your trigger or for your framework. So if we're looking here, equity opens on this candle. We see a big move to the upside. Didn't break any highs. We didn't rate anything.
For me, with indices, I need a RAID, right? Now, what can increase my interest in that RAID if it's going into a POI or a fair value gap? And specifically, I just look for fair value gaps with indices. I don't really trade supply and demand unless it's US 30. So whenever we look at the market this morning, we come up and now what happens whenever we have this kind of price action right there? What does that induce?
That induces a short narrative, right? From retail traders that look at that as resistance. So people are like, oh, we couldn't get above this level. This is my level. We're going to sell off.
And maybe you caught a move there. There was a move to be had up here. It looks like price came up, a little break of structure, came up into the fair value gap. And if you stop here, I mean, it's not something I would have taken, but there's always a move to be had. There's always a trade you could have executed. There's a woulda, shoulda, coulda. You can always go back in hindsight and everybody's got 20-20. And don't let that, that's kind of off topic, but don't let that get in your head.
Be selective and know what you're looking for. So what I'm looking for at this point is just some kind of entry to get these equal highs. So I'm waiting for a raid of lows. And I need displacement. So again, I didn't take this because it's before equity opened. So I know the true raid hasn't happened yet. Or at least I think. Now, you know, I don't know for sure. Nobody knows for sure anything. Now again, what did I say about what makes something more interesting?
if it's going into a fair value gap. So just to have an under the hood look at what is actually occurring whenever price does this is throughout the PM session and then the Asian and London sessions, price just generates liquidity on indices most of the time. You get moves, but a lot of times it's just generating liquidity, right? Where is that liquidity at? Where was the sell side? Right there. It did get taken, but it didn't get taken.
with the open. So once we get that move and we clear out all of that morning liquidity and all that sell side, there's going to be a ton of people getting stopped out and there's gonna be a ton of people looking too short. So this also goes with the bias that these equal highs are engineered. So they're inducing bears to short and then they're stopping out bulls. Why? In order to obtain
enough liquidity to fill the orders that they had, they got left behind in this fair value gap. That's all the algorithm's doing. They're generating liquidity, giving a false narrative, that way they have exit liquidity. Because guess what's going to happen here? All those shorts are getting stopped out in this range, and they're going to move price up to their liquidity pool. So once you develop that narrative and you know what you're looking for, you just execute without thought. As soon as you get your trigger, you mechanically execute. So what's the trigger?
Well, we look for that RAID and then we go on the lower timeframes and we look for a shift in market structure with clear intention to go higher. So technically speaking, I want to break up any high. Notice I didn't care if it was this high. Now, some of you guys that know structure, you supply and demand and internal structure that I also use for certain confirmations, you're going to say that's not the internal high. And you're right.
Like this isn't right here. It did break both, but let's just say it didn't break this high. I would have still took the trade because it broke a high. So liquidity, when I'm using these raids, I'm not looking at it like a structural confirmation of a POI. I'm just looking at it like it shifted structure. It showed the intention that price was seeking something higher. Because, for instance, if price comes down into this area,
We see a little displacement on the way up. So that tells me that those stops are getting bought up. But if price was to continue to the downside, you'd think we'd react to this, you know, that high. Just like we're looking at this low pushing in this fair value gap, you'd think this high pushing into this fair value gap, like what's going like a 15 second, you'd think that if this intention was to go lower, we wouldn't come back above that high. Because if price was going to go lower and target the sell side, the orders,
here would have created a great enough of an inefficiency that would push price down and seek the sell stops. But that didn't happen. So that's why it doesn't matter necessarily what high. It matters that we're seeing that impulsive move is now changing character. I don't want to confuse the match. It's not a choach. It's not a change. But it is changing its behavior. And it's showing us that now price is being delivered to seek higher liquidity.
Again, we're tying this all in with the narrative that we want for these highs. And then we've got all this built up here, all these sell stops. So price breaks up above. Now, if you guys were live, I just executed here. Because the way I usually use fair value gaps, I don't use equilibrium. Otherwise, I would have been here. Now, yeah, I get it. Every bit counts. I think that would have been...
$1.40 more of a better entry. I'm okay with that where it was. You may disagree with that. That's just how I do it. So I just executed market. Now what you could have done and you would have got a better entry is you could have waited for a price to come back down to this fair value gap. But that's why.
That was the whole reasoning behind this trade. You see price did come back down to that fair value gap. And what's happening? Price, let's just look at this in the similar way that we're looking at the daily chart on SPY. I know this is going to sound a little ridiculous to some of you. Let's just look at it. I'm going to make this much, much bigger. It's going to be like a fucking dot. It's probably still going to be like a dot. Yeah. Probably wondering where I'm going with this, but give me a second.
It's not the same, but the only principle I want to show you is that see how they had these equal highs. We might want to look at that in a second. It'll take a little bit. But see how we had these equal highs right here. And there was this imbalance. This is from the one minute chart. So price comes up and it hits into those equal highs in that little liquidity pool satisfying these orders.
Again, the same thing that's happening. And we talked to this on stream. It's the same thing that's happening right here. So once price meets one draw, it comes up and it satisfies these orders. Now, where is it going back down? To these orders right here. Kind of like witnessing the battle of supply and demand live or on a deeper perspective. But if our bias is correct.
These orders will create an inefficiency large enough to where price will then seek higher liquidity because price only expands to where it can find equilibrium. If there's an inefficiency of orders, for instance, if there is no sell side left, if it's all been bought up and it's been removed and bought up.
from smart money, and we're confirming that with this kind of schematic here, then we look for price to seek the opposing liquidity. That's why we use some take profits here, take profit wherever, I deleted off the chart, but it was another one of these highs. So we all know what happened from there. And that's why we see, that's why time of day effectiveness is important.
And having a genuine understanding of what's going on is important if you want to get explosive moves like that. Very quick, painless, no hassle trade. So let's take a look at SHIB. I don't want to get off topic, but I also don't want to miss an opportunity for you guys. Nice reaction so far, honestly. We'll go back and look at the squiggly we drew. And I'll show you why I picked this area.
We have these equal lows here. I wanted price to come back down. It's exactly what it did. Sweep that liquidity, push in this fair value gap and this fractal demand zone. So if we see, price has now hit that level. So what I'm going to look for here, let's see where exactly we tapped into. Pretty nice.
i want to see how price reacts here depending on what kind of if the one minute shows me enough strength i'll enter off of it but i want to see major displacement otherwise i want to see a push above these highs and get a structural confirmation of this poi so i'm looking at this like it's both liquidity uh this fair value gap and um an imbalance
It may take some time, but I like this setup. So I'm going to keep SHIB on watch. I don't know how much I'll watch it during the PM session, but I want to take it up to these equal highs. A similar thing we're going over with S&P. I built a narrative that I want the highs. There's an imbalance. There's going to be a liquidity pool up here. Maybe there wasn't enough liquidity. The tape wasn't showing enough orders for market makers to fill whatever.
I'm sorry, showing enough stops for market makers to fill whatever orders came in here.
So maybe they had to engineer it. You have to think like that. If you want to really, really be able to leverage SMC or leverage price action, whatever you want to call it, you have to look at it from a genuine, what if I was the market maker? How would I think? And that's really the whole rationale behind smart money concepts. But so many people get caught up in OB this and fair value got that. And obviously we use those, but don't become a fucking robot to where you don't think like practically. Because markets...
They're a living thing. So you have to kind of have a fluid approach to them and think of it for what it is instead of trying to make everything so scientific. Now, while you can get a scientific strategy, you need to execute it as if you're with expertise, with confidence of your system, not based off of just the numbers, but based off of your personal narrative of what you think is happening.
And that's when you'll start to really be able to execute trades without thinking and also hold the trades and not cut them early and not care if they go wrong because you know you were just, you know, you made the choice you did and you stuck with it. And if you're wrong, then, you know, so be it.
So initially a nice reaction, but it's not showing too much strength here. If it pushes much, much lower, I'm really like, if it wicks under here and reacts really nice, that'll be fine. But if it goes under here and doesn't see an immediate reaction, I'd be probably looking for somewhere down in here, if not lower. I'm guessing corn is dumping right now. Yeah. You know, I almost wanted to short this, but I didn't.
It's okay though. While we're on Bitcoin's chart, we were over this trade last night. So the narrative that I was building is just like I was saying earlier, down first off. And let me pull something up for you guys that are just on YouTube so you guys can see it is not just something that we talked about or gave.
you know, a bias on, so to speak. Here is where we entered it right here. Taking a Bitcoin long, right there. Just so you guys are not like, oh, you know, everybody's seeing hindsight. No, we actually took it and play a bit. So the overall narrative, of course, is that down, we're seeking lows. The price is seeking the sell side. It's removed.
The buy stops. We're in that imbalance. We're in a premium. So once price is in that mode where it's hunting, the sales that's hunting sales stops, we overall have a short narrative. How do we confirm this last daily liquidity rate? We drop down to the next lower timeframe and look for a break of structure with displacement.
Did we get that? Absolutely. All right, right there. Now, when you see this and you look, okay, well, what do you says to do with that? You know, if you look at, yeah, there's some supply candles, massive order block, but, you know, what can we really do with that as far as being precise? So, you know, let's drop to a one hour. So then we have our liquidity rates a little bit more visible. We push down and there's buying opportunities all through this. But one thing I want to touch on,
Because a lot of people, they want to take every first buy and take it to the narrative. So let's just say, before I get ahead of myself, actually, sorry, things come to mind that I want to cover. But overall bias is that now the institutional structure is bearish because we see that.
Price was pushed up above an old high to take the buy stops. We engineered a narrative where retail thought we were breaking out. Everybody's bullish. We're above 25K. We're going to the moon at 30K. 30K, bull, bull, right? So they're buying. Smart money sells to them. Smart money sells to them so much that there wasn't enough buying liquidity to fill all the orders up. So we're anticipating there's orders all through that fair value gap.
Because price moved inefficiently and only offered one side of liquidity. It came down and was just massively dropping towards all this liquidity under these lows. Right there. So once price expands like that, we see those massive fair value gaps.
We can infer that, well, smart money sold to these buyers and the algorithm was spamming sales to maintain that inefficiency of orders. So price expanded to where they could find an equilibrium, which looks like maybe under these lows was really the deciding factor. And then also, what else you got? Fair value you got. So on the one hour, we can just draw a fib on our impulse move.
If we are looking for price to maintain a bearish institutional structure, we're looking for price to react impulsively away from equilibrium, this midpoint. Because we know that smart money only sells from a premium and they buy for discount. And we're looking at a sell-off scenario. So we're thinking, okay, well, price pushed up, took the buy stops.
expanded down, expanded so rapidly that it did not fill all the orders. Where are these orders remaining in this fair value gap? Where in the fair value gap in a premium of the impulse move? Now, a lot of people do the fair value gap. That works as well, but I personally, I don't think it actually came into it. I personally have had better results for me using the impulse move. Now, some people might be wondering, well, why didn't you use this high?
The reason is, yes, this is where it started, but did we really move that impulsively from this? What did price do? It just bounced from one area of liquidity, which was this high, down into this fair value gap, then pushed up. Now, where did the impulsive move really start? It started off this high. That's what we were coming off of. Now, what was this doing? It was probably rebalancing the low timeframes. So this is on a one hour. Let's go to five minutes.
What was happening here? How could you confirm that rate on a five-minute, been a little more aggressive? Again, break of structure with displacement. This is the same thing we just talked about, but on a much quicker and more dynamic scale. So where do you have the fair value gap? Right here. Where is that fair value gap at? It reacts from premium of the impulse move that caused the break of structure. Where would that have been at? Right there.
The major impulse move in the higher timeframe happened here. So we're in a one hour. We've established that prices came down and taken out the sell stops. And we think it's going to end up going even lower. But before it goes lower, it's going to need to, I guess, refuel, so to speak. So how is it going to get back up? Because if you're the market maker and you've got money on the table up here, how are you going to get price back up there? You're going to have to push it back up.
And some people call this Wyckoff accumulation, whatever you're going to call it. Just smart money was absorbing the sell-side liquidity.
that retail was selling, all their stops, right? And all the breakout traders. Now, how do we confirm that? You know, you might say, I've had people ask me, well, then every low is a buying opportunity. You know, not, so to speak, because not every low has valuable stops on it or enough liquidity.
Equal lows and clean lows usually do, but not every time. And how do we confirm that? How do we confirm that smart money is buying the dip, so to speak? Well, we can drop down to a lower timeframe. Let's go to a 15 minute and let's look at what prices, how does price react under those lows? So when we look under these lows and under these lows, right? Did price bounce from there? Sure.
But what else did it do? Now, when you're looking at this, it may look like this is all one little move, but now we'll drop down another time frame. I'm going to delete this premium. I think you guys can tell. But we see that price pushes down and then it pivots very lightly right there.
So what that's doing is that creates a low. So that impulse move really ended right there, came back up, pulled back a little bit, and then continued. So you come down. Then you would look at this, or I would look at this, like a high. So what happened under these old lows? Price pushed up with displacement and broke structure.
Somebody asked me today, why wouldn't you use the first one? They were actually asking about this over here. But for one, a lot of times the first drive, so to speak, on these higher time frame, I guess schematics, you'd say, is not going to be the last one. It would just be very easy at that point. Also, scaling back out, when you look and you want to ask yourself, what is price drawing to?
Now, whenever price hits, comes back down, look, what did it bounce off of? Imbalance, right there. Oh, it did raid liquidity into an imbalance. Then price comes up, leaves this little fair value gap, but then what happens when we go back into it? There's definitely no low time for information there. So let's just go, take a one minute. When price came into this imbalance, what happened? Couldn't even make a higher high.
Continue to the downside. Now somebody might say, oh, over here it did. That's just forcing a buy because we're not even in, it didn't react to where the only place we would think institutional orders reside. So we're looking more at imbalances here. We're not looking at order blocks and demand zones. We're looking at displacement and the same principles that we just went over here, but on a lower timeframe. So once price...
It starts to break the structure, though, and then it doesn't give us our entry. But what we can infer from that is smart money is buying this dip. But maybe there wasn't enough liquidity in order for them to get everything they needed in order to put in as many orders and be filled at an efficient rate to create an efficiency in supply and demand to where price must rush to where there are orders. Because guess what? They've got a ton of orders here. The tape knows that.
Guess what else is getting engineered? All of this liquidity. And this is what's called a creek in Wyckoff. All that liquidity on the buy side where everybody's saying, short here, short here. We can't break resistance. This is new resistance. Everybody's selling. Now, maybe some people made some money. Obviously, you can see it's moved down at times.
Quickly as soon as it hit a low what happened every time it's coming out and taking these lows you get up take a low right there break a structure so There's another thing you can look at a three drive so to speak So we have three liquidity rates. It's an ICT
It's theory or pattern, whatever you want to call it. But where you have, there's three drives to every accumulation phase. Whether you're seeing it on the time frame you're looking at are a higher or lower time frame. But if we look here, one, that's the first drive, two, and then the third drive. And then you see the failure to make a lower low on that fourth, I guess, so to speak, drive. And you also see, after the third drive, most displacement.
So when I came, I guess, into this bias was somewhere right around in here. So I looked at this as price came up, broke structure with a fair value gap. Now, obviously we didn't get any kind of indication to go long in there. What I did notice is that we failed to come take out the low.
That tells me once price comes up into an imbalance, usually you'll see it seek the next area of liquidity. But where that was, was these equal lows. So see how now there's these liquidity pools front running the major structure. Usually what that tells me is that price wants to go higher because all price is doing is bouncing in between liquidity pools. So you went from here up into this imbalance above that high. Then where is it going?
Well, of course, back into this imbalance, but it didn't react there. It was drawn to these equal lows. Price reacts impulsively to that. We start to come back over here into this fair value gap and consolidate. So now I look at this as the last little phase of this accumulation where price has shown me that the market has a desire to go higher.
so once price comes into this little fair value gap and yeah it's tiny but it's it matters price comes into this area and also i think it was some lower time frame demand right here you look at that as that demand zone wasn't really what i was looking at i did notice it and gave me a little more confluence but i look what is price doing right here it's consolidating
All right. Also, it looks weird. We actually had a, I don't want to deceive anybody. We moved these stops. Let me see what the first stop was. 23,795. So it wasn't a 50R trade. It was like an eight or nine R. It was like 875. What was it? What did I say? 23,795. Sorry.
So roughly like right here. It was just these lows because I looked at it like, okay, well, if this is demand and if this fair value gap is valid, we shouldn't make a lower low than over here. And then initial impulse move away. And also if you look at this, this looks like an ICT order block because it took stops. The sell side was being offered and then it switched and we see price come up and break above it pretty quickly.
And it should not go lower than that. That was the reason I put my stop there. And I looked at it. I didn't know it was going to expand as crazy as it did. But I looked at it. This is the beginning of the end of that accumulation phase. So then price now, we've absorbed all the sell side. All the stops have been taken. Also, I think that came into like a higher time frame POI as well.
Yeah, there's like the four, you could have looked at it like a, you know, came back down and you got your stop hunt or whatever. If you're playing the POI, you know, you're looking for a confirmation of this POI, you know, you got your liquidation. Because a lot of times, some people, you know, they'll wait and then they go and refine in like a one hour. So I said, okay, you know, here's the, or this bottom one, I'm sorry. Here's your POI.
You know, you got kind of that fake tap and then the liquidation. So you could have looked at it like supply and demand entry. And then, you know, you got your 15-minute confirmation. Came back down into the 15-minute order block. You could have looked at it like that too, right? And then you got a five-minute confirmation. You see what I mean? You could have looked at stuff like that as well. That would have gave you a little bit of a late entry. You wouldn't have got in until right here on this order block. And it would have been skewed, to be honest.
That's all beside the fact of the matter. But then, yeah, after that, the overall target, if I'm looking at it from the market maker perspective, if this is a manipulation range to where the intention is to push price back up and just mitigate these orders.
Well, I'm not going to try to take profits at the top of it or whatever. I'm just looking at the first fair value gap and a premium of the impulse move. So for me, that was just right here. You can see that we are correct. Price moved nothing less than impulsively away from our order. I need to move this over still.
So, super nice trade. 8.7R, and I think overnight, I mean, it happened. 2 a.m. was, I guess, when it was pretty much done. We entered at 7.45, so beautiful trade. It's always nice to see the narrative take place in that manner to where, you know, you are...
everything played out how you wanted. So I did want to really break that down. I know I probably just, as long as you've ever seen somebody break down a trade, but I hope that helps you guys because I think you should look at stuff like that. And that's how you're going to be. You'll get a lot better a lot quicker if you start trying to actually understand things from a practical perspective. Let me see if I have any questions. I haven't looked. See in the comments.
Okay, sorry, guys. So somebody said, hello, Casper. Not somebody. I'll leak you. What's up, bro? What's up, Fullport Shorts? Dr. Coco said, okay, but what about the one-week chart? I'm assuming you're talking about the indices. I'm trying to think of... I mean, I guess what I... I can't remember if I went over it afterwards or not. I mean, I think that...
We're in a weekly imbalance and we're above weekly equal highs. So again, we're at a very key level. We're also inside this weekly order block that arguably has already been mitigated. So I wouldn't really pay attention to that as much. But I think that we're at a decisional point. We could definitely quickly 180 here. I would not be surprised. If anything, I would see probably consolidation. But again, I'm not trying to tell the future because this is just me using my...
you know, personal opinion. Okay. The SP analysis. Yeah. So, um, I mean, I look at it like, okay, well we're in an imbalance in the weekly or above the highs in the weekly, just like the daily. And, you know, it's kind of a decisional point, you know, we could consolidate here. Usually these kinds of areas, um, we'll be able to get decisional bias sooner than later, but I could also see it consolidating. If you look.
It's above the premium of the old impulse move that we're looking at where the price delivery array is. Overall, from this impulse move, we're having a premium. So if anything, I wouldn't probably be giga bullish, but time will tell. Anything can happen. So I'm just more about waiting to see me what the daily is reaching to. So now overall, what I would look for, most likely if we get another daily close like this.
Because today was FOMC day, so I don't want to use just that one candle to give me my bias. The next target would be this imbalance down here. And it doesn't have to be... When I mark these levels, I mark the fill. It doesn't have to be the entire fill. It can just be right to there. But that is the only area I see price drawing to if it starts to push the downside. Somebody else asked me... Okay, cool. Yeah, I'm glad it makes sense.
Somebody said, yeah, let's think like the market maker of gold. That's like God himself. That shit is insane how fucked up gold is. It's fun to trade, but I only scalp it in day trade. I don't like holding anything for too long. Somebody said, can I look at Bitcoin? One hour time frame, potential quick long. I hope you didn't.
Maybe actually, let's see. I'm going to spy. I could eat my words, but it didn't look too hot at that 20 minutes ago. What I would look for if I wanted to build a long narrative is I want to see a break, massive displacement break above this.
But then you've got this imbalance here. So, I mean, if anything, it looks like bearish order flow is in play. I mean, you're waking up something pretty nice. But the way I see it is, okay, well, we had lows taken. You had a nice closure. Yeah, you reacted, right? And you did kind of break above this area right here. So, you know, for me, I would want a nice break of structure above that with displacement. But other than that, I just see this move to the upside, potentially just coming up.
filling this gap. The inbounds is filled here. The one hour, that little fake FOMC pump pushed up, engineered a lot of buying liquidity. That tells me that market might want to push lower. Again, the daily bias is that we're going to go lower. I'd be selective with the longs. You saw how much I built up a narrative of this, trying to take a long. Obviously, we can take longs, but I'm going to be picky. Personally, I wouldn't. Looking at the one hour.
But I mean, that can change. Again, it's just about watching. It's just reacting. You know, if we get like, if I got a massive candle, this candle just does this. Yeah, I'm going to look, I'll look for a low timeframe trigger and whatever imbalance it leaves after another candle closes after it and makes and confirms a fair value gap. That's another thing. Like for instance, let's just say this candle moves massively the upside and there's a gap between this wick and wherever it is. You got to remember the next candle after it has to close to be an imbalance. An imbalance is a three candle.
formation, not just the candle that causes it. Somebody said, hi, Casper. What's up? I know you day trade, but what do you think about midterm spy next year or so? I'm not really one to be that guy that tries to...
To tell the future. I mean, we gave our analysis smacked on S&P for the month that we went over it. You want to go back about, I think it was like, will the market recover is the title of the, I can't remember. We went over this July 1st and talked about, I'm not going to get into all of this, like an hour long video talks about how the money moves between larger hands at every quarter. And after these futures contracts are delivered and completed. And also,
the bond market and we use the bond market to kind of give us a bias of what we thought was going to happen. It was on fucking point. Right. Definitely. I'm proud of that. So not trying to sound like a dick, but I am proud of that. Um, it was literally, we were down here, but, um, I think it was like, yeah, it was the open of July. So it was the down in this region right here, but, um, you know,
I don't, again, I'm not really one to like look at like what's going to, where's Bitcoin going to be in 20.
Here's my opinion on that. Anybody who says it, they really don't know. No one fucking knows. For me, I don't need to know that to make money. Hell, all I need to know is what I think today's going to do. I don't care what's going to happen in six months. Now, it helps to have a general bias, but overall, I definitely see retracement in the short term.
But depending on world events, there's a lot of shit that can happen. We can go to war with China and everything. You know what I'm saying? There's just so much shit that it's hard to tell. So I would advise you not to get wrapped up in that. And don't care as much about it. If you're looking to trade. Now, if you're looking to invest, well, I mean, statistically...
i guess you said long term i mean long term to me is like one to five years i mean historically you might see a year two and five years from now unless america has fallen this is probably going to be higher i mean let's look right at 2016 and here's to 2021 you know it's a lot higher sorry let's go where's the first of the month you know
statistically, you're going to make a lot of money holding it in the stock market. So long-term, as long as America is still a thing, we'll go up. And that's just top historics, but you know. I said, do I see the fair value gap we have around Bitcoin 24, 200 area? Give me a timeframe. Probably find it. You're talking about this right here. Yeah, I like it. I like it a lot.
If anything, if we do start rebounding here, and we maintain it, but that's probably where we draw to. I'm actually going to mark it up. I do like that fair value gap. And again, it's like up here. In this impulse move, the whole fair value gap is not a premium, but there is going to be... Look at that. We can kind of refine it now.
This right here. That would be the ideal area. It doesn't necessarily have to go up in there because if we go on to maybe a four hour, and again, this is where price is fractal. You can always get different viewpoints. The impulse move would probably be something like that. So in a four hour, yeah, it's much high into a premium, but the one hour, I mean, I would look at, really, this was the last impulse move right here, and price did not move back up officially into that area.
But I do like this zone still. So, I mean, I'd look anywhere above this high, really, for signs of a low time frame reversal. I mean, it doesn't look terrible here, to be honest. But I'm not going to participate in that.
Um, do I think a recession will bring us down to like 2008 though? I mean, again, it's like, I don't like, like, I'm not trying to sound like to be a dick. I'm just saying like, who cares? You know what I mean? Like, unless you're, and like, again, I don't mean to sound like a dick. It's like, oh, who cares? Like, fuck your question. I'm not saying that, but I'm trying to give you a perspective of like, don't care about that. You don't need to know. Do I think we're going to 2008 numbers? Fuck. I hope not. Jesus Christ. You know what I'm saying?
america's probably fallen at that point i mean good god you know i don't think we're nothing like that and if you want to talk about like percent wise 54 we were halfway there on the last drop we had so it's like i mean i don't know you know again i don't down another 50 i don't think so but again i
Who knows? That's why I like day trading. I'm not in the business of trying to know that. I'm just knowing where is this weekly candle most likely to go? Where is the daily candle? Looking at the monthly, we're kind of trading back up into this region of this monthly order block right there at 4,371. So that could be a very big potential reversal point. All right, guess where else it has to fill this weekly imbalance. You see what I mean?
So we're getting to a lot of those areas where we could see more downside. And then where we go after that, probably down to into this candle down here. Or if we don't reverse there, we're going to go way lower down in here. You see, I mean, we can go and try to find these areas, but it's all just kind of like crystal ball stuff after a point. I'm just looking for areas where we might reverse. And once we reverse, I confirm that new trend and then I trade with it. And then I wait for the next one.
If you guys don't have any more questions, I'm probably going to hop off here. I can smell the dinner my girl's cooking, and it smells fucking great. I need some Parmesan chicken with potatoes. Yeah, those Bitcoin longs don't look terrible, though. I'll come out of the monitor. Was I trading in 2008? No, I was not. EOS? Yeah, I'll run EOS, then I'm going to hop off.
Okay, so we've met a weekly drawn liquidity. I think it was like a weekly change of character it got. Maybe that was a different. I'll just redo it. Honestly, the weekly does not look terrible. It looks like it could retrace a little bit, but I'd look under these lows. I'm going to mark this. I would look for price to come down and take that out. That would be my next interest. Did you see how we're selling off right here?
Coming into this daily Supply candle also filled the I guess it got rid of it, but The that daily supply candle filled the imbalance so your daily drawn liquidity is met Definitely would look for some downside overall. I like these lows a lot so you could target you could frame short ideas around that
Watch watch for fair value gap maybe to form here might give you a short opportunity I would just take it back down into these areas if they're already met though Sheb we already we already did she but I can look at it again Fuck you really react. Maybe it did. I'm glad you actually said that. Okay. It's chillin Yeah, not not enough for me yet, but overall Target is these equal highs the daily
We're at a four-hour fractal or one-hour demand zone, cleared all the sell-side liquidity, potential reversal, but nothing yet. Where we target, we could look at these highs up here, this imbalance, and then the major highs right there for the final.
It's developing, though. It's not there. Anyways, guys, I appreciate it, as always. We'll be on tomorrow morning at 10.30 a.m., and hopefully we can catch another move on indices. I'm not pushing anything on indices, but I...
I'm probably leaning more towards looking for sales. Again, I want to see a daily candle more after this FOMC day. But until then, be safe. I'll let you guys notice, or anybody that's in the Discord, I'll let you guys know if I enter any trades. And yeah, have a good night, guys. I appreciate you. I'll see you.
