These three liquidity concepts will change your life. And once you understand them, you will never look at trading the same way again. You see, most traders get these rules completely backwards, which is exactly why they keep getting stopped out and end up missing huge moves. And I discovered this the hard way. I lost thousands of dollars before seeing success. And it wasn't bad luck, and it definitely wasn't poor analysis. It was just a lack of understanding liquidity. And once I figured this out, I went on to make millions of dollars using these exact concepts I'm going to show you today.
I've used this to pass prop firms, get payouts from them, and even make $100,000 in a single month. This works on any market and any asset class from futures to stocks to crypto and forex because all markets work based on liquidity. And if you stay with me for the next few minutes, I'll show you how to simplify liquidity into a simple and actionable strategy that will help you become a profitable trader and finally start passing challenges and most importantly, getting prop firm payouts.
So what if I told you that the biggest moves happen when traders are trapped and not from just simple buying or selling pressure? So this is how we saw the move with GameStop or whenever we have explosive moves of Bitcoin or any market that has a huge move. This is how it happens. So let's just say we have a high, right? And above every high rests liquidity. Now, the reason for this...
is there are stop losses here but there's also buy stops so for example let's say if the market moves up to a high there's going to be a lot of buying at this area okay now buying can come in the form of people who are in shorts let's just say they got in shorts here and they put their stop loss right there for whatever reason and their stop losses are going to be up above that structure point now let's just say if you had equal highs
Like anytime you have a lot of highs, there's gonna be a lot more orders at them. That's why equal highs are so much more valuable. Now, the reason for this is not just because people have their stops on shorts. There's also gonna be buy stops, which means people are going to set orders that are gonna be buying on a breakout. So let's say once the market hits this level, there's gonna be a lot of people that are buying at this area.
So there is a ton of buying going on, whether it's people getting stopped out on their shorts or whether it's people buying into longs. Because when you're shorting, what is happening when your stop loss is hit? You're selling to enter and you have to buy to exit because you're buying back the contracts you shorted, whether you're taking profit or whether or not you are getting stopped on your position.
So whenever you hit a level, any kind of key level where there's a lot of liquidity, which could be equal highs or could be some of the other levels we're gonna talk about in this video, you should see an aggressive move if you're gonna continue, right? Like if the market was gonna continue here and you're having all of this buying going on, well, you should see a pretty quick continuation. You should see a lot of force pushing the market in that direction.
So in this example, if price barely moves up, then that is your first clue that something isn't right with these buys. Because if there's so many people buying up in this area, the market should move pretty aggressively. Now let's talk a little bit about how markets work. If there is a lot of liquidity here, who has an opportunity to get involved? Well, when we're talking about market manipulation or smart money or all these different terms that get thrown around,
What we're really talking about is very large market participants that have power to move the market. Let's just say if you were a huge market participant and you wanted to get short somewhere in this range. Let's say the market was ranging around in this consolidation for some time. Well, you would have to wait until you had enough liquidity to enter the market. Or let's just say if you sold right here. Let's just say if you wanted to sell, you know, a...
$100 million worth or whatever high amount. Well, what's going to happen is you're going to get slippage. Now, a lot of people hear about slippage in the retail world with their stop loss getting hit and the market moving away and they get filled at different areas. But imagine if there just wasn't enough liquidity for you to get into the trade because that's what's effectively happening.
So in this area, if you're a very large market participant and you just want to market sell, you know, 100 million or something right here, right? That's not going to give you a good entry. You're going to get filled here. You're going to get filled here. You're going to get filled here. You're going to get filled here and all over the place. And you're going to immediately be down a lot of profit. You're going to lose a lot of money immediately. So what these larger market participants are going to do is they're going to wait until there can be enough liquidity for them to get into the trade with a good entry price.
And if you're trying to sell, there needs to be a lot of buyers. So where the market is going to produce a lot of buyers is likely where in a bearish market, the market makers or the smart money, whatever you want to call it, that's where they're going to sell.
Now, this also holds true for bullish markets. Let's just say if you're coming under lows and the market makers wanted to buy, they're gonna be buying under lows because a lot of people are gonna get stopped out. Let's say anybody who went long, and there's probably gonna be tons of people who went long all through this range. All of their stop losses are likely to be at those obvious points of liquidity, which is gonna be under lows.
Okay. That's where most people put their stops is under lows. Now you're also going to have people who want to short this breakout because a lot of people are going to enter short right at this area. And this is where you're going to find your real edge, which brings us to our first concept, which is liquidity absorption. And this is how all of the huge moves in the market that happen at a very rapid pace work. So what this is going to teach you is how you're going to be able to not only catch good moves, but good moves that move rapidly, that move with a lot of force, that move.
very aggressively and as traders that's the moves we want to take because you're going to get better is to reward you're not going to spend any time in drawdown which is extremely important for prop from accounts and to be honest everybody likes getting a trade that moves right in their direction immediately and this is going to teach you how to do exactly that so what causes these big moves is going to be either aggressive buying or aggressive selling
So where aggressive buying and aggressive selling is likely to take place is most often going to be in the form of stop orders. So let me give you an example here. Let's say if everybody wants to long this chart, whatever this was, and everybody wants to buy above a high because they're looking at it like a breakout. This is where all people look to buy. And sometimes breakouts work.
Of course, we're not always gonna look for reversals, and I'm gonna teach you later in the video how to spot that. But let's say if all of the market makers decided they wanted to push the market down, and all these traders are getting long up in this area, there's tons of people getting long, they're putting their stops in different areas, all through this little range. Some people have stop losses that are tight, some have them that are down here. What's gonna happen to all those traders is that once the market starts to reverse, once the market starts to push down, and you start to see bearish structure,
And this signals that the smart money sold to all of the buyers above these levels. That's what you're seeing whenever you're using market structure or any of the other concepts you use for an entry model. And once the market falls back under the liquidity that was taken, all of these people up here are now underwater. And guess what's gonna happen? If they're in buys, and that's why I told you these are more important, if they're in buys and they're putting their stop loss wherever their strategy tells them to put it,
Once those stops are getting hit, guess what's happening? That is aggressive selling because a lot of market participants are going to be exiting their buys, which is in turn a sell. And on top of that, remember, the market makers have sold aggressively up here. So the market's going to rush rapidly whenever traders get trapped. So if traders are trapped up in here,
and we know the market's moving away from that area, the market is going to continuously go for their stops. And people might've put tight stops. They might've put stops all the way at the low of the range. There's a lot of different ways people put stop losses, but they're almost always going to be at some form of low. So once the market moves from one side of liquidity and you get your confirmations that we're going to be moving away from it,
All of these lows can be targeted because these traders up here are now underwater and the market is moving down. And this is what happened with GameStop because all of the multi-billion dollar hedge funds were trying to short GameStop, but GameStop kept moving up. So they were forced to exit all their positions at a loss, which acted as rocket fuel for the trade. Now, this happens on a much smaller scale every single day, and it happens at specific levels during specific times. Now, before we get into all that, I want to show you an example.
example of a trade that I took using this ideology. That way you can see it on candlesticks and understand how to really execute. So if we look right here, you can see I made $3,200 trading just two contracts of NASDAQ in a pretty short amount of time. It wasn't the craziest move here, but this concept is powerful and it happens every single day, multiple times a day. So in this trade, if we look right here, I sold up above this consolidation. So just like I'm showing you right here,
Right here in this is where traders are getting trapped. So if we're looking in this example, traders got trapped right up in here. So as we came above a pool of liquidity, I used an entry confirmation to get into the market and I targeted the opposing pool of liquidity.
Now, the reason I got into this trade is if you look right here, we came above this high, right? The market had been consolidating here. And as soon as we popped out of the consolidation, like we talked about before, if we don't see aggressive buying, if we don't see continued displacement to the upside, and the market falls back into this range, well, then we know this liquidity was sold, right? All the buyers that were above this high, all the people getting stopped out on their shorts or buying up in here, all of those traders are now going to be underwater. And guess where their stop's going to be?
It's going to be right here or right here or any of the lows on the way. And you don't have to always catch the entirety of the move. You can just look to catch to the next low with good risk to reward. So right here you can see as this candle fell back into the range is where I entered the trade. And then I ended up holding it down to this low. Now another bonus about this is that we had a higher time frame fair value gap. Now for those of you who don't know, a fair value gap is just a tool we can use.
to see which way the market is pushing aggressively and where orders in the market are likely resting. So a fair value gap is just, if we have a three candle pattern, so there's one candle and then the middle candle, which is the second candle is always expansive. If you have a gap between candle ones wick and candle three, anytime the market comes into this area and you start to get any kind of bearish patterns, it's much higher probability than if you didn't have a fair value gap.
So I can't stress enough, for whenever you're seeing this happening, you need to have some kind of reason to look for it to happen. It needs to be in a fair value gap or another level. But fair value gaps are not the only thing you need to pay attention to. There are more levels that you need to understand, which is what we're about to hop right into.
But first, if you're finding value in this video and enjoying it, go ahead and subscribe to my channel and like the video as it helps me grow and put out more free content for you guys. I have hundreds of videos and I release two every single week teaching you everything you need to know about trading. So again, make sure to subscribe and like the video. So next what we're going to be talking about is time targeting. Now this is going to tell you when to trade, which is extremely important, and when not to trade, and also where to trade.
which areas of liquidity are likely for traders to get trapped at because obviously it's not every single high or every single low and not every time you're going to have a fair value gap to use. Now, I lost thousands of dollars and I blew so many fun accounts, even understanding liquidity and understanding the basics. I mean, think about it. If smart money needs liquidity and the reason the markets move is because of liquidity, then when are they going to look for this liquidity? Because the whole idea is that they need a lot.
orders they need a lot of liquidity to enter trades so they're always going to do this at the times where traders are most active so what you're going to look for is the highs and the lows of the previous day which is gonna be the daily candle or the high and the low of the previous session which is going to be either Asia or London session and then also opening prices
So for the previous daily high and low, it's pretty easy. You just mark out the high and the low of the previous candle. Now the reason you're going to be using these levels is because a lot of traders place their stops or watch these levels. So we're going to have the previous day, the previous session, all these levels matter, but let's go ahead and talk about how to mark the previous day's high and low. It's very simple. You're just going to go to your daily chart and you're going to go to the previous daily candle.
And you can mark out the highs and the lows. Super, super simple. And these are going to be levels that you watch for traders to get trapped at and watch for entries at. Now, for previous session, it's very important you get these times correct. So we're going to be talking about the Asia session and the London session. For the Asian session, you're just going to use the range between 6 p.m. the previous night and midnight.
So the range between this area, whatever was the highest and lowest price, those are going to be very key levels you're going to watch in your trading session. And then for London, you're going to watch from midnight to 6 a.m. Now, a really easy way to mark this out and visualize this is you can go in trading view, go to your vertical line. It's right here. You click this, vertical line, and you just throw a vertical line at those times because then it'll separate out everything really easily. So you're going to mark out all these levels.
the midnight, 6 p.m. the previous night, and 6 a.m. the current day. So what you wanna do is extend out the highs and lows that haven't been traded into. It's very important. You need to pay attention to the ones that haven't already been hit. So in this example, you could mark out the London low and also the Asia highs, which bonus, if you have equal highs, that's gonna be even more of a powerful level because there's more liquidity at that level.
Now, let's talk about when to trade because this is equally as important as what levels to trade. So if you're trading New York, meaning you're trading futures or crypto, you're gonna wanna trade between 9.30 a.m. to 11 a.m. Now, these are Eastern times. Now, if you're trading Forex, you can also trade New York. I recommend that you trade from 8.30 to 10 with Forex, or if you're trading during the London session, you can trade between 1.30 a.m. and 4.30 a.m.
I find that for futures and crypto, New York is best. Forex can work in either one, but this all works for literally any asset, okay? Gold can work in either one as well, but gold is better during the New York session as well. So you're gonna wait for that time to trade. So if you notice right here, it's only 8.45, so you'd wanna wait until it is 9.30 at least, right? So after this next candle prints, it will be 9.30. Now, what you wanna wait for this time
is to see which of these levels gets hit. Because remember, we're waiting to see if traders get trapped, and you don't wanna pay attention to every single level, you wanna pay attention to the most important ones. As we can see, the market hits up into this level, and we don't really get a very energetic push. Now, you can go to the lower timeframes to kind of see what's going on here, to see whether or not the market continues buying, because remember, if the market is bullish, we're gonna continuously have buyers up here, right? Because either way, we're gonna have buyers.
People are gonna try to buy this breakout. Now, if they're the ones who are in control, then the market will likely continue up pretty aggressively through this area. But if you see the market stall and just consolidate and start to rapidly push back down, that can frame a trade setup of its own because it's telling you that now traders are trapped in this area and the market's gonna move away from that towards what? Towards the opposing time-based levels. Now, you can also just look for any kind of low or high
in the opposite direction. You don't always have to trade at the next time-based level. The goal is just to get good enough risk to reward to capitalize on a trade and take your profits. And this was the Asia high, because if you look, going back on the chart, it was the high made between 1800 and midnight. Now notice, you have the Asia low right here, but it was already taken out, so you wouldn't pay attention to it.
And the London high was right here because it's the highest point between this time window. It was already taken out as well. So you're not going to pay attention to those because they didn't happen during the right time to trade. Now, I know all of you are wondering, well, how do you actually enter the trade? This is all great, but you need to know how to execute. And you're exactly right. But more importantly, what you need to understand is that not every single time you're going to get a reversal.
A lot of times you will get that continuation and most traders fail to understand how to trade those continuations and they always look for reversals, which leads them to get stuck in a confirmation bias and they'll just take losses when they could have been taking wins. Or sometimes you'll take a loss and be wrong, but if you're able to act quickly and move quick on your feet, you're going to be able to turn that loss into a win, which is exactly what I'm going to show you with fails and sweeps.
Now, whenever price gets into a time-based level where we're going to be looking for a reaction, there's really two ways you can plot whether or not it's going to reverse. Now, the first is going to be on your higher time frame, which could be your 15 minute or your one hour. Or if you're swing trading, it could be even higher time frames. But this is usually going to be something you look for on a higher time frame.
So what you'll see is we're going to have a swing high form away from that level. And on top of the swing high forming, you're going to fall back into the range. So if this was the area you were looking at to see manipulated or to see a reversal from, and you form a swing high, which is just a candle that has a higher high than either candle on either side of it.
and the market falls back and closes in the range, most likely, traders are now trapped up inside this wick, and the market's likely not gonna return to that area. Now, you can enter trades up in here if you use a lower timeframe confirmation, which we're gonna get to in a second, but if you traded in just this right here, you could enter the trade right here.
and put your stop just above that high that was manipulated. Because again, traders are trapped up in here. Because if the market is indeed bearish, it's not gonna go back up here where all these traders are underwater. Because remember, again, these traders getting stopped out is what is going to move the market aggressively. That's how markets are gonna work. So you might get a little retracement, but it should not go back above whatever time-based liquidity pool they got swept.
And if it does, then you're most likely wrong on the trade, and it doesn't make sense to have your stop all the way up here. Now, that's just a simple way that you can use to enter these trades on the higher time frame. But if you want to use the lower time frame to get better risk or reward and get in much higher, then you can use a couple different things. So you could use either a change in the state of delivery, an inverse fair value gap, or a market structure shift.
And these go in order from which ones are going to get you the best risk to reward and are the most aggressive to the ones that are the most conservative and get you the least risk to reward. So a change in the state of delivery. Let's talk about what that means. This is something that a lot of people get confused by. The easiest way to spot these is you can go to your settings and turn off Wix because changes in the state of delivery are all about a series of one direction of candles getting engulfed by the opposite direction.
If you're bullish, notice how the market engulfs to the upside. It engulfs these down close candles. The market comes down. This little down candle doesn't engulf. And we continuously see that happening. So we engulf this candle again. We engulf it again. We engulf these series of candles because you just look at this whole down move is like one series of candles. It's one down move. And up moves are engulfing it. We're closing above those areas. So bulls are in control. But what happens right here?
We only have one little up candle and this series of down candle engulfs it. And this is what starts that reversal. Now, this is going to get you the best entries, but it's very important that you only use this at key levels. OK, so notice how important it is to have this happen, because right here you have it right here. Look, the market engulfs an up close candle, but it wasn't at a key area of liquidity. So it didn't matter. You wouldn't pay attention to this and expect a reversal. However, once the market engulfs.
and changes the state of delivery at a key level, that in and of itself can be a trade entry. Of course, you don't have to keep your wicks off all the time. It's just an easy way to spot it because it has to do with candle body. So right here, the market was in a change in state of delivery. Now you could just execute as soon as you engulf that candle.
And this is the exact entry strategy I used to get into this trade. As you can see right here, we have this series of up-closed candles that got engulfed. Now, I got a little bit of a late entry, but I still got in based off of this ideology. But let's just say I missed that entry. There are multiple other ways you can confirm and get into the market. Because you have a change in the state of delivery, an inverted fair value gap, or a market structure shift. So inverted fair value gaps are pretty easy. We talked about fair value gaps earlier and how they are just a gap.
in the middle expansive candle and there's a gap in the wicks of candle one and candle three now if the market's bearish and this bearish for value gap was continue you would want to see it trade into it and move away but if the market closes above like you see right here that is a sign that that fair value gap is no longer a fair value gap and now it's just an inverted fair value gap and is going to be a reversal pattern so if we look at this example right here we saw the market inverted
this fair value gap as well with that change in the state of delivery so if you have two types of confirmation that's even higher probability to enter the trade now the last and my least favorite type of entry is a market structure shift the reason it's my least favorite is because you have to wait for a big move for it to happen now this is what ict 2022 is based on and quite frankly why i don't really think that's the best strategy because it caused you to get bad risk reward so
Once the market comes down and closes through a low and leaves a fair value gap, that's a market structure shift. Now, a lot of people will either wait for the market to retrace into this level or they'll just enter the market all the way down here. Neither one are really good because look at how huge this difference is. Let's say if you just executed as soon as the market gave you that shift and put your stop above the recent high.
you're not even getting good risk to reward even if you hold it all the way down to that level. You're not even getting appropriate risk to reward. Or if you waited for the market to retrace all the way into that level to get good risk to reward, you just missed the trade. Meanwhile, if you executed on the change in the state of delivery, I mean, you got an amazing risk to reward all the way up here, and you didn't even have to hold it all the way down there. You could have gotten multiples. This is over two times what you would have got even waiting for a retracement with a market structure shift.
and you get in and out much easier. Or if you use the inverted fair value gap right here, you'd have entered on this candle because that candle is what closed through the fair value gap. So you'd have still gotten three to one risk to reward. And you're always gonna put your stop loss at your most recent swing point if you're getting in above the pool of liquidity that was taken. Now, let's just say if you got in on that market structure shift, one way you can use to get a little bit better risk to reward
is using that higher timeframe method. Remember we talked about if the market is trapping traders up above this level, you shouldn't see the market go all the way back up there. So you could just put your stop just below that level and that would help you get decent risk reward. But notice how you're missing so much of a move and it's just not, it just doesn't make sense to me. I think it's better to just wait for these higher probability levels and trade from those with more aggressive confirmation.
Now we're going to talk about how to catch these continuations in just a second, but I want to go over some bonuses that give you even higher probability of a reversal. So number one is going to be SMT divergence, and number two is going to be opening price. So let's talk about SMT divergence really quick.
And also guys, if you wanna get this mirror board I'm using to teach you some of these concepts, you can click the link down in the description to download my free course. It teaches you literally everything all for free. You get this access to this and the video explaining all of it by just clicking that link in the description. So SMT Divergence is pretty simple, okay? It's if we have correlating assets and one is making lower lows and the other is making higher lows.
Or if you're looking for a bearish SMT, it's when one is making higher highs and one is making lower highs. So for example, if we're using NQ, right, which is NASDAQ, and you want to see a correlating asset, you can just use ES. So in this example, let's say if ES didn't take out that Asia high, okay, didn't take out that time-based liquidity and make a higher high, well, that would be bearish SMT. And that would be even more of a confirmation that you are likely to reverse.
Now, another thing you can use are opening prices. So there's going to be two types of opening price you can use. The first is going to be midnight. So you just take the open, which is if you have a bullish candle right at midnight, you would take the bottom of the body because that's where price opened. And you could extend that out in time. And that would be your midnight open. Or you could use 730. Now, 730 is just to be used if you're in the New York session. And since this was a bearish candle, you would have taken the top of the body because
that is the open of that candle and you can extend that out and that's going to be your 730 open. Now, the way you use these bonuses is only if you have everything else we've talked about. You've traded into your level and everything except SMT. Remember, SMT is a bonus as well. But as long as you've traded into your level and you're getting your lower time frame or your higher time frame confirmation that the market's going to move away from that time-based level, if you're above opening prices and you're bearish,
That is a bonus. I want you to think about these as if you're selling from above these levels, you're selling at a premium. Now, let's just say in this example was a buy and you were trying to long under a time-based low and you had gotten your confirmations the market was going to go up. Well, if you're below opening prices and you're trying to buy, that is a bonus. And it's not to say price has to be below the opening price.
for you to buy or has to be above the opening price for you to sell. Again, these are just bonuses that can give you even more higher conviction in your trade. But what about when price doesn't give this type of signal? What about when price hits a level and it doesn't give you an entry model or maybe your entry model gets stopped out? What about all those times you tried to just continuously trade reversals and it didn't work and the market went without you? Well, this is what we call a flip.
And this is the missing piece to most traders puzzle when it comes to becoming profitable because all they see is reversals and they not only take losses that they don't have to take.
but they end up missing out on trades that they could have taken because they're waiting for a reversal. Now, if you look at markets, a lot of the times they're not going to be reversing at these levels, especially when we're having extremely strong trending markets, which is what we've seen with the futures market this last year. And a lot of traders get chopped to pieces because all they want to do is try to trade reversals, mainly because they've learned from ICT or other traders that only teach how to do that.
But that's not how you trade. So let's go ahead and talk about what we call a flip. So I wanna teach you by example. So this is a trade that I took trading NASDAQ. I made $6,000 trading just two contracts, not huge position sizing. And this was based around flip logic. So in this example, we had our London high. We've talked about marking out time-based levels with our highs and lows. And in this example, we had marked out that high. So what happened when the market traded into this level?
Well, we did initially get a little bit of a reversal. I didn't take this loss here, but I could see how a trader would have taken a loss, and that's okay. Anything you learn is gonna sometimes cause you to lose trades. That's just gonna happen. But you're also able to make money when you're wrong if you understand flips. So remember, our whole logic is that the market should start to move down and keep moving down if the market is truly bearish.
and the smart money is selling above these time-based levels. But let's say in this example, the market came back up right above that high.
Well, as soon as that happens and you're displacing, right? As soon as, and the key here is you're displacing. Now, what I mean when I say displacing is you're not just, you know, kind of pitter pattering up to this level. You're really pushing through a force and then you're following through, creating fair value gaps and the market is aggressively moving in that direction. Now, once you see this happen, once you basically say, hey, I was wrong that we're gonna reverse here.
And this can happen with or without you losing a trade. It doesn't really matter. But once you're proven wrong, once the market is displaced into the upside and putting in bullish order flow in one direction and you're seeing aggressive buying, like we talked about before, if we have this liquidity up here because there's people buying, right? Everybody's buying whether they're getting stopped out on shorts or they're buying the breakout. If you see a continuation, guess what?
the buyers are still in control and you're likely to move to the next level. So if those buyers are in control right here at the London high, then guess what's happening? The market is going to rush to the next level because buyers are aggressively buying and they're still in control.
So in this example, we had the Asia high, which was much further away, which provides you an opportunity to trade that move. And oftentimes, these are going to be some of the most explosive moves because there's a lot of aggressive buying going on. Now, this stop loss is supposed to be right here. But in this example, I entered the trade right here after we had continuous.
bullish price action, we are delivering bullishly. If you notice right here, we're engulfing all of these down close candles multiple times, right? So if the market was going to be bearish from here, as soon as we had this change in the state of delivery, the market should have continued that. But what happened? Pretty quickly, the market ended up changing state of delivery back to being bullish, okay? And not just once, it did it multiple times.
And the market was clearly telling us that there was aggressive buyers still pushing the market to the upside. So when this happens multiple times, you can basically say, cool, this level is getting flipped, right? If this level isn't producing a reaction to the downside, then where are we likely to go? It's going to be the next time-based level. So if you have decent risk or reward from this level up to this one, that can be a trade that you take, regardless if you took a loss right here. Oftentimes, you could take a loss.
and the market tells you you're wrong, cool, that's fine. You can then capitalize off of you being wrong and take a trade into the next level. And this is why daily bias is okay to have, and you should sometimes have it, but sometimes your daily bias is gonna be wrong. And sometimes, or a lot of the time, you're not gonna take a win on a trade. That's okay, but you have to know how to A, capitalize when you're wrong,
And B, make up for losses. Because if you always are just trying to trade reversals 24-7, that's all you see, it's going to be very hard for you to be a profitable trader. What I've shown you in this video is just barely scratching the surface of what I know about the markets and what I've used to change my life from trading. So if you want to learn more, go ahead and click the video that's on your screen. I appreciate you guys for watching and I wish you the best in trading.
Just make sure that no matter what, you're not out here gambling, you're not over-trading, and you're not trying to make this work overnight. Because if you do any of those things, it's going to be much harder for you to see success. And always remember, yes, trading is hard. And it's okay. It's okay to take a while. So don't be too hard on yourself. Just stay focused. Always stay moving forward. And I'll see you guys in the next video.
