This one candle is why I'm able to have consistent winning days like this, this, and this trading in less than one hour per day. And it works in any market, whether it's futures, stocks, crypto, or forex. This candle tells you how to find winning trades, how to take accurate entries, and how to easily avoid losses. Ultimately, everything that you need to trade profitably. And mastering it makes trading stupid simple.
And that's exactly what will happen in this video. And by the end, you'll have everything you need to trade consistently. To do this, there's really only three things that we need, and this candle gives us every single one of them. First, it gives you your trading range, which shows you where to trade, but arguably more importantly, where not to trade. That way you can avoid senseless losing streaks. And second, it gives you direction, telling you who is in control of the market, whether that's buyers,
or sellers third it gives you your trade entry target and stop loss that way you have a consistent clear-cut way to find winning trades now to understand how this candle does this you need to understand that every candle is a battle between buyers
sellers and this specific candle shows you exactly who won that battle and what they're planning to do next what's crazy is that most traders completely miss this and waste years along with thousands of dollars not realizing they have everything they need to trade profitably right under their nose because there's one candle that prints every single day that contains more information than
all of the others combined. And while everyone else is analyzing dozens of candles and complicated trading concepts, juggling multiple timeframes, and getting confused by the conflicting signals they give, this single candle cuts through all of the noise. And once you see what I'm about to show you, you'll never look at the markets the same way again. And we're going to start by looking at how this candle gives you your trading range every single day. Simply put, it shows you where to trade and where not to.
which as I said earlier is equally, if not more important. And right here is where most traders get stuck on a hamster wheel because they're constantly hunting for new levels.
drawing lines all over their charts, constantly second-guessing themselves, trying to figure out which concepts or levels are important and which aren't, getting confused trying to analyze multiple different timeframes, and then they end up with a chart that looks something like a spiderweb. But the candle that prints at 9.30 a.m. Eastern Time on the five-minute chart is all you need.
and it eliminates all of this confusion. And while everyone else is drowning in complicated analysis, this one candle gives you the only two levels that you need to find winning trades. This candle creates what I call the battlefield, a clear zone with defined boundaries. And one thing about battlefields, they're not safe everywhere. In fact, most of the battlefield is a zone where you'll get killed. But as in any battle, there are strategic areas where you want to position yourself. And then there are the areas where you get killed.
This is where most of you guys spend your time throughout the trading day unknowingly. Take a look at this range. This is formed by the high and the low of the five minute candle that prints at 930 AM EST. These two levels become your entire trading roadmap for the day. And we only look for trade opportunities once the market reaches one of these levels.
Here is the key in between these levels. That's where most traders lose their money. The beautiful thing about this range is that it's completely objective and appears at the same time every single day. That means there's no guessing, no room for misunderstanding, and most importantly, no subjective analysis. I see so many traders stuck paralyzed because they keep thinking of all these different things that can happen. They say, well, it depends on this or it depends on that. And they end up stuck.
having no idea what they're doing. And best of all, this market gives you these levels every single day at 9.30 a.m. sharp, and they become your guide for the entire session. But here is where it gets really powerful. This isn't just about having levels to trade from. This range tells you something much more important. It tells you when not to trade. You see, most losing trades happen in choppy markets. And this is where you get chopped up, stopped out, and frustrated, which then leads to emotional trading and losing streaks.
it's similar to starting your day off with something stressful and the rest of your day you're more frustrated which inherently makes you make worse decisions but when you have this range clearly defined from 9 30 a.m you eliminate that problem entirely and start off your trading day with patience and a clear-cut plan it's quite simple really when prices inside this range you don't trade
and this one rule alone will save you more money than most of what you've learned about trading but having the range is only the beginning because once the market reaches one of these levels there is a specific pattern that tells you exactly which direction that big money is pushing the market and i'm about to show you exactly what that looks like now you have your range clearly defined from that 9 30 a.m five minute candle you know exactly where to focus
and where to stay out of the market but what happens when the market actually reaches one of those levels i mean how do you know which direction the market is going to move or if it will continue much less find a trade entry well for that we go to the one minute chart and look for what i call explosive direction and it has a very specific signature that most traders completely miss now here is what typically happens traders see the market approach their range and they get excited they think this is it
This is my breakout. So the moment they see a wick poke through the level, they immediately jump in, hoping to catch the move from the very beginning because they have FOMO. Then there are the slightly more experienced traders who think they're being smart and they say, no, no, no, I need to wait for a candle closure for my confirmation. So they wait for that candle to close beyond the level and then they enter. But what if I told you that both traders are making the exact same mistake?
you see i used to do the same exact thing when i was new so i know how it feels you want to jump into every single trade because you have fear of missing out if you don't and this caused me to blow many accounts until i discovered a simple method of finding market direction the first step to finding the direction is something called a fair value gap but that's only step one there is a second step that most traders never wait for but before we cover step two you need to understand fair value gaps now fair value gaps are really simple
three candles moving with violent force that leaves a gap in between the wicks of the first and the third candle like you see here now this pattern alone isn't really powerful but when you see it occurring at a strong key level you're witnessing in real time the footprints of who is in control of the market and this reveals whether it's the buyers or sellers who are winning in this battlefield
which then tells us the direction the market is likely to move. And this is great, but direction doesn't tell you where to enter trades. I mean, simply put, knowing where the market will go isn't how we get paid as traders. And that's where the third thing that this candle reveals becomes absolutely critical.
which is the perfect entry timing that puts all of this together into a simple and repeatable trading strategy. But first, make sure to join the free community so you can see the strategy applied in the live markets. It's totally free. I'll leave the link down in the description. Now for the strategy. You have your range from that 9.30 a.m. 5-minute candle, and you know the first step of finding direction, the fair value gap. Now you may be thinking, I've seen this before.
and think the entry is going to be based on the fair value gap being created and while yes that entry works okay it comes with losses but what if you could avoid most of the losing trades with just one additional step and yes it's simple but it's powerful as you'll see in the back testing results later on in the video
which will blow your mind now i want you to realize that the market is like a rubber band and after any explosive move when the market gets stretched out it almost always snaps back to test key levels and this is where most traders panic but it's actually where the best opportunities appear now here is what typically happens traders see the fair value gap and enter immediately but then the market starts coming back towards the gap
and panic sets in and they think oh no the trade's going against me so they close the trade for a loss not understanding what the market was really doing but in reality this is actually the best thing that could happen to your trade now i used to panic during retracements too i closed a bunch of winning trades for losses simply because i didn't understand what the market was really doing or have a system for how to react to it and that was until i discovered that this pullback is actually the market giving you a gift a second chance at a much better entry and that's exactly what happened
happens in the retracement to the fair value gap. But you can't just jump in when price first reaches the gap. There is one specific signal that tells you the bounce is real and not just another fake out. This is the market's way of saying I've tested this level, I've found support or resistance, and now I'm ready to explode lower. It's just a second layer of confirmation that the level is actually valid and will give a good move. And when you see this engulfing confirmation at your fair value gap, that is your entry signal.
And here's the beautiful part about waiting for this bounce. Your risk becomes much smaller compared to your reward. Because instead of chasing the initial breakout, you're now getting a three to one risk to reward ratio. And with a three to one risk to reward ratio, you only need to be right 25% of the time to be profitable. But as you see here, this strategy actually has a 70% win rate.
like i said earlier the results would blow your mind now i'm going to show you exactly how this played out on two live examples that way you can see this entire process in action so now we are here on trading view and you're going to be starting at your five minute chart now i want you to take notice that this is a recent example this is from august 29th and at the time of filming this it's september 1st these aren't cherry-picked examples like you'll see in most youtube videos so we're going to go over here to the left and select our trend line tool
you can do that by clicking right here and what we're going to do next is mark out the high and the low of that first five minute candle that occurs at 9 30 a.m est next to find the direction and our trade entry we're going to go to the one minute chart by clicking this button up here on trading view now what we're looking for here is the market to move aggressively outside of the range and create a fair value gap which we see right here because as you can see there is a gap between this candles wick
and this candles wick this means that the direction would be bearish since this is occurring to the downside so we're going to wait for a retracement back into the level to then try to frame our trade but remember the market just tapping into the level alone isn't enough to find an entry and we need to confirm this by waiting for an engulfing
to occur now as you can see with this candle it engulfs the previous candle's body so at this time you'd be good to enter the trade now to find your risk reward you're going to go over here on trading view and since it is a cell
since their fair value gap is pushing to the downside we're going to click short position now you would enter the trade as soon as the engulfing candle closed and you put your stop loss one tick beyond the candle that you engulfed and then you're going to target a fixed three to one risk to reward so as you can see on this trade you would have 680 at risk to make 2040 and at this time you sit back and let the market do the heavy lifting for you
As you can see, the market hit the target in a pretty short amount of time. This trade took 21 minutes to play out and it gave you a profit of $2,040. Not bad for a 20 minute workday if you ask me. So let's hop into our next example. As you can see here, we've got the high and the low mark. So we're gonna go down to our one minute chart. And once we're on the one minute chart, we're going to wait for a fair value gap to be created outside of the range. As you can see, we have that right here.
The market created a fair value gap. Even though it's a small one, this would still count. And since this candle closed outside the range and it's a part of the three candles that are a fair value gap, it counts. I see people think that the actual gap candle has to be pushing through the range or outside the range. That's not the case. As long as one of the three candles closes outside the range that creates the fair value gap, that's all you need.
so at this time we're going to wait for the market to come back down into our fair value gap and a lot of people are going to get impatient here and start fomoing into the market and these are the exact mistakes that you make
that make you an unprofitable trader. So please don't be one of these people who is getting cooked because they have FOMO. After the market has traded into the fair value gap, we want to wait for an engulfing. And as you can see, we get it pretty rapidly. And remember, our stop loss goes under this candle because it's the one we engulfed and our risk reward is fixed three to one. So we have $445 at risk to make $1,335. And at this time, you can sit back and let the market do the heavy lifting for you. Now, this was an extremely fast example.
There is another strategy you can use to trail your stops up that I teach in other videos here on the channel. But as you can see in this example, there was only a one minute.
Time elapsed during this trade. So you would have made $1,300 in that one minute of work. Now, I can't tell you that this is going to be like this every day because it's not. Usually it'll be around that 15 to 20 minutes, but that still isn't bad if you ask me. Like I said, this one candle gives you everything you need to trade profitably. From your trading levels and your range, to market direction, to finding your entry, target.
and your stop loss but here is what i've learned in my nine-year career as a trader knowing the strategy is only half the battle the real challenge is executing it consistently day after day without second guessing yourself or falling back into old patterns and that's exactly where having someone guide you through each trade
each decision and every market condition becomes invaluable. Because trading alone can be isolating, confusing, and quite frankly, expensive whenever you're learning from your own mistakes. Because even though I've just shown you how powerful the strategy is,
It only works if you're able to stay consistent because chances are you've already had many great strategies that could have made you a profitable trader, but you still haven't hit your goals. And the reason that I know this is because I used to be in the exact same boat, which is why now I mentor traders to help them avoid all of these losses and wasted time. That way you don't have to go through the pain and all the blown accounts that I had to go through. Now, the way that I do this is I actually trade live with you, sharing my screen and my executions. That way, whenever you think a setup is
not clear or market conditions are choppy or you don't know what to do there's going to be your mentor right there with you on top of that every single trade that you take is going to be reviewed that way we can identify all the mistakes that you're making and quickly correct you and make sure that you're on the right track you'll also get access to our proprietary software and direct access to me for anything you need and if you haven't guessed already
This is not your average trading discord. And because of this, I'm so confident in my system that I will literally personally trade with you until you're a funded trader. If you apply what I tell you to do, and it still doesn't work now.
Due to this being a very direct mentorship that is intensive, I do limit availability and don't work with just anyone. So I'll leave a link at the top of the description of this video. And if it does not work, then that means the slots for this month are taken. But if it does, then that means there are still slots for enrollment. Now you will need to go through an application process before getting accepted, but go ahead and click the link that's right beside the word mentorship and you can go ahead and apply today. Now, regardless if we work directly together or not, I'm rooting for you to win.
and you truly have everything that you need here for free on YouTube. The mentorship is just a way to fast track your success. So I appreciate you guys watching. If you're new to the channel, make sure to subscribe because I put out videos every single week, breaking down everything that I've learned in the last nine years that I've been a trader. And I'll leave a playlist here on the screen that has a ton of videos and even a two hour free course. That way you can learn everything that you need in order to become a successful trader this year. Thank you guys for watching and I'll see you in the next one.
