i finally figured out how to use the events i don't know why i wasn't doing that before instead of just posting live like in vc i can actually post the damn like a and copy the link from the event section feel like a boomer let's go tesla pumping we taking this to the moon spy and see equal lows right here i'd love those to get ran i'm spy oh i think we're gonna run these lows
Can they just tag me or they say? Which lows? The equal lows, the ones I made at right at 830. Like two candles. I also said, can I give thoughts on where I'd enter GRT? I'm not sure. I'm going to watch Indices for the first little bit, but I'm pretty sure it didn't play What Give You Got. I guess you missed that one. You want a new one is what I'm guessing. I mean, I wouldn't chase it. It's like...
I'm not saying crypto is not going to keep running, but don't be that dude who doesn't buy anything at the bottom or trade anything and then buys at the top. It's one thing to not get in the trade, which is fine, but I don't know. I haven't looked at GRT, though, so don't take... Because Ethereum, Playboy had a good point because people are still like, bro, why are people still trying to buy this shit? Ethereum's literally ran... What Ethereum's done is the equivalent of Bitcoin hitting $25k to me.
I'm not saying it won't go farther, but I don't think that you should get married to that notion that it will go farther. Tradingview really needs to get their shit straight with their... I was talking about Spy, by the way. You probably thought I was talking about Nas.
That's cool. I closed my NASDAQ and profits. I'll wait for the other limits to hit. It's always good. Because I'm great trading, so it should be fine. I'm not going to play the DAO or mess with it. Honestly, the DAO, I just use supply and demand. I swear, you don't even have to do the liquidity shit.
We'll see if those hit. I'm going to try to leave those where I'm going to say. But I'm up on my Tesla. Call is heavy, so I don't give a fuck. Oh, you said no. You have a lower entry than play bit. Oh, well then don't. Just don't mess with it. And no, no, you're fine. You're fine. But yeah, Indices is like, the reason I'm watching them right now is because of the time. I would just switch over, but this is kind of like the time of the morning you watch these.
too much on my screen but yeah if you're already in it i mean i guess you're already in on equity i'm guessing and you can always unmute your mic if oh your server muted that would probably help i unmuted you if you if i don't know if you're like at work or if you could talk or something but it's if you'd rather type type you definitely can i just know my fault i didn't know if my mic was working
Am I unmuted now? No, no, I can hear you, yeah. Okay, perfect. No, I'm in on leverage already. It's only 5x, and I got in lower than PB's entry. I was just wondering, because I'm figuring we're going to retrace soon. Yeah, we'll look at it and see. I wouldn't rush, so we'll definitely get a look at it, though. Perfect, perfect. Yeah.
So, dirty 30. I mean, it already hit this flip zone. Kind of like this fat-ass candle right here on 30. Also, what's up, people on YouTube?
The IP that's how you say it J.I.I.P. IP and then what's up at a leaky Rune yeah get you guys I got I will promise I'll check some crypto in a little bit, but I do want to Keep an eye on indices. I can kind of cycle through some shit. I do want to look at Bitcoin though. It's like really with the time dude. I swear It doesn't like it doesn't delete anything like on like when you do like
Two screens on trading you like never deletes like it posts everything that you post another one, but it doesn't delete anything Did Bitcoin take the highs? No, it's probably gonna go for these highs Yeah, right now what I'm watching for with equities is basically I just want like a really impulsive move Running liquidity in one direction Which is really the only liquidity I see to run as to the downside which would be nice because if we run the liquidity the downside and then you see a
the low time frame is telling us that smart money is buying up that dip, then we'll be able to get in some longs for the day. Also with Bitcoin here, I like this zone. I'm going to watch it, kind of just see how the low time frame is great because I'd like to catch some longs up to these highs because we're going to tag this. But after that, I think we'll probably retrace a good little bit. But I do think we're probably going to tag these highs, at least this one.
It's only 9.39. Usually you won't see this setup happen until right around 10 a.m. It's not like set in stone. It's really any time between 9.30 and 11.
Also, if you guys are putting stuff in the Discord, try to do it in the actual chat for the voice channel. If you mouse over the voice channel, there's a little message icon, and I'll see it easier because that's just the one I'm going to watch. Because if I don't watch just one, I won't see my stuff. I'll be bouncing around too much.
Yeah, really, because what I'm seeing on Bitcoin is whenever I have kind of like a POI that's close by from a higher timeframe, I'll just trade the M15 up to it. So what I'm looking at is, okay, well, you broke swing structure right there. So let me do this. And then, you know, if we're looking, you know, okay, well, where are we going to long from? Well, those longs kind of played out. It looks like last night they came into.
It's POI around 3 a.m. during the London session. If we look what happened next, the first thing I look for is a five-minute break of internal structure. But if we look here, the five-minute and the 15-minute had the same internal structure. So what happened once we broke that? As soon as we broke it, price dipped back down into this order block. So that's kind of where we see price hit into this order block. Then you could go back into a five-minute.
see what what you know kind of supply you have or demand you have here like what's the most recent demand it seems like we're tapping into like right now but really at this point what i would look for is i want to see the lower time frame shift bullish i want to make sure all the time frames are agreeing so at this point the problem with this zone for me is it's not the first zone that caused a change of character so really what i'm just looking for is pois where i want to see every time frame switch bullish again
fight if possible because you know 15 minute uh still bullish the five minute though is not now so i'll like let it pass and like the let the five minute not be bullish if it's the first change of character like for instance if it was this this uh poi right here and price moved up and then it came down and you know wasn't bullish anymore then i would consider playing from that area but at this point i want to make sure all the time frames are in line
But the overall target, if indices can hold and Bitcoin can maintain a low time frame bullish structure, the overall target would be this 23K on the dot. And then downside most likely. You could trim off at areas along the way like this imbalance if you wanted. Yeah, that would be a good point. Right above this recent high. I would play music, but I think it will get me copyrighted.
Need to like look into that cuz I was thinking about that yesterday. I just rather just play some music and sit in silence sometimes because Really at this point it's kind of just waiting for price action to do its thing. Let the market do its thing for us What the fuck why did my indices gone? Which feeds are these even from that's frustrating. I like move. Yeah, how did I manage to do that? I'd really like a push under these lows NOS has given more
of what i would look for than spy at this point but it's not really all the way down there yet because we could be just trading back down into this demand we just created but i i like playing liquidity raids on indices personally i've had better luck with that it doesn't always work but um that's kind of the model i play on them
Yeah, exactly. I have to play non-copyright music, which is never... I'm sure there's actually some good, like, lo-fi non-copyright. And I found something one time, like, it said it was non-copyright, and then I used it, and it definitely was copyright, because I had to change it in my video. I got a claim. I was like, what the fuck? Yeah, I know, like, CryptoFace does that. That dude, like, Lord, Cyborg, whatever, he makes, like, the lo-fi, like...
Oh, he does? Yeah. It's like S-E-I-B-O-R-G, I think. Oh, yeah. It's like the dude that does the background music. Shit like that would be good. See, it looks like indices are going to make a move to phase lows. Quinn's pissing right now.
um i'm just now seeing what you're saying jray but what i was saying that the chat is like the one that's like the i know you're in stream chat so there's one that's like if you mouse over the late night crypto and then you hit like open chat there's like a button there but i'm reading these right now oh i'm an idiot actually those were yesterday that's my fault um
Sorry about that. I guess I just did answer those yesterday. I'd say it's just hard because I had to turn my notifications for Discord off, like where it's, where they pop my screen because I get, it's just, it was ridiculous. Maybe this was the better POI right here. Kind of like this on Bitcoin. Right. It's interesting too because really indices didn't come down as far as I would have liked some of them to. Like they came really close to the zone, but I mean.
we're not like
I'm not forcing that zone to be hit, but when I'm looking at the one hour, it almost looks like, or the four hour, it looks like inducement. But overall, narrative's pretty bullish still for me. But I will watch this zone up here because what I could see is like a little power of three playing out where we come up, tap this, you know, if we leave this behind and then kind of clear that low and then make the move. But that's just speculatory at this point.
Spy and see if it did the same thing. I mean, I was on spy. No? Yep. Nos and spy did the same thing there. Interesting. You know, I'm waiting. I'll go ahead and take a look at stuff because it's not really giving me much until we see something. GRT. We'll do that one first. Then we'll look at Rune for Adeliki. So...
i'm looking at i'm just kind of marking the daily internal structure to get any major pois that we want to definitely keep a track of when we scale through these lower time frames
The main thing I'm seeing is this institutional candle right before the displacement on a daily chart. It's right at equilibrium with the daily swing range, too. The daily is kind of breaking up, so it's telling us that, hey, we could be starting to pull back, and whenever we start to pull back, we look for zones like this. I'm going to go ahead and put this as a fair value gap. So I'll jump down in the 4-hour. Refine these POIs down.
So just off rip, I really like this POI down here. It's kind of that nice flip zone from a lower time frame. We're hitting some supply blasted up. A lot of orders were injected in the market there. Got some four-hour supply up here. If we're looking at the current swing structure, it is bearish with our swing high up here, swing low down here.
If you were looking for another entry, I would probably look somewhere in this region, like around 10012. That would probably be the next area I would find interest in. Actually...
the thing is here whenever you have you know you can look at it like yes you have bearish market structure on a four hour but that daily is telling you that it wants to pull back so i wouldn't pay attention to that as much you know what i mean like you could maybe catch a short from here but you know we're using the higher time frame always to um
kind of guide us to what what what you know when could this time frame we're on get violated because you have to be in context of you know the the higher data set which in this instance is the daily chart so yes four hours bullish but the daily is internally bullish and we're expecting a daily pullback and come up and rebalance price that you know desperately needs to happen it's needed to happen for a while so that being said you know this four hour we can kind of
take that with a grain of salt and really be looking for longs down around this area now we don't want to target the entire range so that four hour being bearish it's not necessarily a huge problem to us you know let's just say we kind of come down right here if this even happens and then we get in down here well we're just targeting this high we're not looking to target here here you know you can play longs up to that area but we're just using that daily internal structure to kind of guide us down that path but um
In short, I would just look for 10012 around that area. Rune. Appreciate exactly what I was looking for. Hell yeah. So with Rune, you asked.
You said also when I'm getting into my zone, what confirmation do I use? I like to use the five-minute into the one-minute. With crypto, the five-minute is fine, honestly. You can just use the five-minute confirmation, in my opinion. A lot of the time with a lot of alts, especially like Bitcoin, you can kind of get into the one-minute sometimes, but that's just a personal thing. I was doing it there for a while, but I've realized the time efficiency of it kind of doesn't add up for me.
The rune looks pretty good here on the daily. So you ask for Wyckoff or break of structure. I'm not sure exactly what context you're asking from. But we're looking at the daily. You know, it's bearish. But let's see. Actually, this would be your swing. I would mark this over here as your swing structure. So, you know, with rune, the only problem I have.
which a lot is going to just depend on Bitcoin, but you're in a daily supply zone. The daily, yes, this gave you signals the daily is going to pull back, but they gave them a while ago, and it's already done that. So at this point, what I would be more concerned with is that while we're playing the daily pullback on a ton of coins trying to...
play against the trend you know you don't want to get caught up in that notion that that's not going to end because remember we got to remember we're playing counter trend so here i see a lot of trend line liquidity developed if i go to the weekly chart the weekly is is looking pretty good i will say i will say that so um you know we came back down into this weekly demand
And then from there, we formed this weekly swing low. The market's shown us that it wants to go higher, but we did just fill a massive fair value gap. Daily is in daily supply. Go to the four hour. You know, we can refine the supply down. And really, this is where the displacement kind of started that's not been mitigated other than this zone up here. We can use this as well, that last candle.
It just depends how you refine your zones, really. But there's a ton of liquidity down here. Retail sees this trend line, and they really want to just stay long. So keep that in mind. There's a lot of sell-side liquidity under you. You're in a daily supply zone. The daily pullback might be over. The weekly for value gaps filled. Really, at this point, what I'd be watching for, and I'll actually set alerts for this, is the four-hour to internally shift bearish.
So what I'm looking at is if we break down the four hour, and then we could look for the 15 minute to come break down the five minute. And then from there, you could really just target, you know, either demand or sell side liquidity down here. So that's kind of what I would be seeing with Rune. I don't, I wouldn't be kind of like day trading this right now, just because let's wear these really big zones.
If you're somewhere where we're not in a really big zone and for this, you know, just wait for the bigger move to tell you what's happening because you got a ton of cryptos to watch.
You said, I'm not sure what you mean. You say VPOI for ADA, theta, and DYDX. I can just look at the coins. I don't know what POI you're really referring to. This is kind of still what I want to happen with ADA at some point because it looks like accumulation here, but I want us to come down and take out these equal lows at some point. It's pretty tough for me to want to...
Be super bullish on this long term until that happens and just hide all this really quick So the daily swing structure is still massively bearish get a lot of room to run We're looking at that pretty big zone up here Interesting structure though. I'll just mark this
So, you know, the daily's broken structure to the upside. It hasn't done that yet this whole time, except, well, it did over here. Actually, it's not true. It did over here. And that could have been the daily pullback over here, really, because you do have these equal lows. You didn't pull back into a premium, but if we start to move up, you know, that would tell me that these are really weak daily highs and that eventually they're going to get taken. So another PO I'm going to mark is this right here. But overall,
May see some short-term bullishness here depending on the rest of crypto. ADA is kind of in its own lane sometimes. It's like a dinosaur coin. Their holders are seemingly pretty steady a lot of the time. I would refine this down to this last candle right here. You can even go into a one hour if you want to get really picky with it and use this candle. Because that was the last candle before we saw an actual engulfing where we saw a big impulse. So, not today.
When I say targeting the daily high, I'm not going to put my TP for that specific trade on these weak daily highs up here. It's going to be the internal high that we make. You're just building a narrative. For me, that's all I need to look at this because I'm not going to try to mess around with this.
and other setups, because that's the setup that I want to play. If I get left behind, that's cool. I think there's a ton of other setups to watch, and I'm not really going to get super involved past that more, or past that with this one. I'm going to take a peek at end of season, see what they're doing. I already take off. Yeah, it looks like they're reacting to that demand. Didn't really give a liquidity rate setup this morning. Almost looks like they're going for that supply up here.
If we get up here and start to reverse, I would almost like to sell again. I'll look at some coins here soon. I want to keep my eyes on what's going on right now. I will look at algo and stuff though. Just not getting to that 10 a.m. London close area too. Usually you'll see some volatility right around this time. We did just fill this fair value gap. I've personally had better luck waiting for the supply.
I like this setup it's given us. We've got sell side liquidity below, sell side liquidity here, and then also this unmitigated demand zone. But we want to confirm this zone up here before doing anything like that. Or we get that nice impulsive move right here with the London close into this demand zone. That would be even more ideal. What is the risk reward here on Bitcoin? I'm just trying to see. Yeah, I'll take a long on Bitcoin right here. Hurry up and signal this.
I really would have liked this to get ran before that, but they gave the setup, so I'll take it.
It's one thing I've learned is you kind of just be mechanical with it. Like even if you're, there's other factors, you know, if you get your trigger, if you don't take it every time, the ones that you do miss will be the winners and the ones that you don't, you know, the ones that you end up don't taking are going to be, or the ones that you end up taking are going to be the losers because every strategy is going to have wins and losses.
You got to just kind of execute. And once you accept the risk, like you understand, like, you know, okay, well, if a loss gets hit, it's whatever. You kind of detach from like giving a shit about it. But that all comes in hand with also risking the right amount of money for you where you feel comfortable. Let me go ahead and update some TP's for this shit too.
Brad's on MT4, such a bitch. I've been in profit for a little bit, but it's crazy. Fucking Bitcoin, dude. Damn, Spy's already up in this zone. Spy and Nas have been moving a little differently. Usually they'll obviously move differently, but usually they'll at least be meeting POIs or at least close to them all at the same time. We're relatively close. Spy's in its own world lately. Look at this one hour. I'd almost refine this to this zone over here.
There also is an order block right there. Like an ICT order block. Not on Tesla. Say what? If Spy gives a nice setup here, I might short this shit. Yeah, it came up so much shorter. It's crazy. I wonder why Tesla's selling off so crazy. But they get stopped out of my trade.
I think everybody, once you see people get emotionally bullish, like how everything's been, that's whenever it's time to pull back. A lot of the time with stocks specifically. Oh yeah, for sure. That's why I can't sit and chat like that and listen to people.
I think it sounds like I'm trading on the NASDAQ for buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, sell, sell. Yes, it's bad for psychology for sure. Yeah. I just set my positions and go. I got kind of greedy. My Teslas were up $1,200. They'll have to take it. That's always fun.
It's all good, man. It's all good. I like this institutional candle on spy here. The reason why I'm not too worried is because if you look at the premiums on anything, this is why all stock boys like myself were all like, because premiums aren't moving. So futures right now is the way to go. Why is that exactly?
um right now because this volatility is already priced in so the market makers aren't moving the premium and that's why you see like you go to stock chat you'll see um
what's it called like they're saying it's boring this morning because you're not getting these wild swings i saw them talking about do in a wild swing the premiums aren't accelerating or decelerating right it's not it's not like you're risking your risk to reward right now on these trades on options it's probably like for a thousand dollars you risk you'll probably make like 50 bucks to 100 my god
Yeah, you've got to think about the big picture because usually if you really look, unless your contract goes over 100%, you're under a one-to-one R. And usually the contracts cost a lot of money because of the volatility. So let's say we went into a, I'll give you an example right now, SPY, right? So if we didn't want to trade on, this is why I really have laid off the options because it just doesn't make sense.
like the risk to reward like yeah you see people getting big gains but that's cool you know unless you get a nice ass snipe like like playboy did with spy that was a nice one but even then that was kind of dangerous because he sized into spy like let's say i bought 10 contracts uh you know two three thousand dollars they dropped more than 50 percent 40 contracts just to
bring the price down far enough for me to actually make money which is like me putting well like six seven thousand into a position to make three thousand
yeah you know so like right now with spy if i'm trading like a daily contract which is what you know myself and most agents are playing yourself um well we can't even use that as an example sorry i need exhausting but let's say we go uh july 20th which is tomorrow right at the money calls are costing you 228 dollars right and
What people don't calculate sometimes is if we go and we look at the metrics of that call. So it's at $230, right? You're paying to hold that contract. Like if you hold it today, you're paying $132 to hold it. So you take that off of your premium and that's what the contract would be worth if you hold it. And it's just eating away at the premium. So you need SPY to make a significant like three Delta moves for you to get paid.
Because the delta is paying $45. So you have to offset the theta. So if you're getting paid $45 for every dollar it moves up, but to hold a contract is costing $150, that means that it has to move five deltas for you to profit or the volatility has to accelerate. And for volatility, we're only getting paid $9. So you would need the percent point of volatility to shoot up. So it's like, uh, uh.
Like Nicky Nick just said, who still has the $400 spuds? So if you were holding out the $400 spuds, they're worth $2 right now. They were worth $200 like three years ago. What?
Fuck that shit. Yeah, it's like your risk to reward. There's good risk to reward. Right now, I'm in one of my most terrible trades. And why am I saying it's terrible? Because it's like Tesla's doing some bullshit, right? So I spent $2,300 on the contract, right? It moved from $713 to $751.
And I was only up $1,200. But I still risked $2,300 to make $1,200. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, that's crazy. It's just like, ah. Because with options, bro, the way that I see risk with that is it's like everything you put in it is risk. Oh, for sure. Yeah, exactly. So I'm like.
Because I was thinking about starting focal options. I was like, well, you have to do your stop loss kind of weird. And then I was like, really, I was like, well, actually, your whole position is like, really, if you want to risk 1%, I was like, what the fuck? It's like opening up a futures trade with no stop loss. And that's why, because I always see, and it's like, oh, so-and-so's up 200%, 300%. I'm like, god damn, they're going hard. And then now that makes sense, because it kind of goes with it.
like don't get me wrong you can buy the zero days and them go like 150 and you banked but if you are looking at risk to reward it's just shitty like it's just shitty because options weren't meant for you to trade them like this options were meant for you to buy 100 shares of something and you buy the opposite position on a options contract further out
So let's say I buy 100 shares of Amazon at $120. You're buying the $100 put for a year out to hedge that position. That way if my shares drop, I'm still making money. Are there any like strangles or straddles that capitalize on that? It's just not worth it, bro.
the amount of money that you need for that to work. Like, yeah, you could go open one contract, one straddle, one strangle. You're going to spend like 500 bucks and you're only going to be able to get like, what, like 30 to 50% on it.
Like, it's because we trade futures, and even if you trade Bitcoin, like, you see the difference. Like, you know there's options on Bitcoin. Yeah, Delta actually has a shitload. Yeah. Like, Delta Exchange, we have a lot. Darabit, I used to play options on crypto all the time, on Darabit, a long time ago. Like, 2017, 2018 type shit. And, you know, I got...
I made money and I lost money. And that's where I learned like, oh shit. Okay. So that's just my outlook on it. I've been trading for a long time, you know? So like, it's cool. Like I've made some banging plays like, you know, where I specialize is like, I spent $200 to make 15,000, you know? That's a nice art. And I've done that like a couple of times. Like you just need to be patient.
Honestly, because something else Braden said about GJ, shit, it looks bullish, bro. That's fucked. I mean, shit, bro. It's like these aren't equal highs up here, but they're relatively equal. Retail is going to view that as a resistance level. But you have removed quite a bit of liquidity here. You're hitting this trend line liquidity. Could pop up above that. Ideally, I wanted you to come back down to this region to long it.
But, I mean, you feel the inefficiency. If you got another break of structure here, like you made a higher high here, especially if you closed over it, I would probably look for longs up within this candle. But I'm kind of just waiting on GJ. The market structure is just super wonky. And it's like until there's a really good setup, I don't even want to play it. There was the other day. It just kind of didn't give me what I wanted. I wanted it to come down a little more. But I'll show you guys. I posted about it. But, like, the setup happened, like, right here. But I was like, bro.
I'm sorry. I can't long in front of shit that looks like this on a 15-minute. Even this Bitcoin trade, these equal lows to me, I'm kind of like, hmm, they're relatively equal. I was looking at gold for shorts, bro. Oh, 100%. I don't know why everyone keeps trying to fucking long gold, bro. I have no idea. At the beginning of this range, it was a potential. But after that first fail, I honestly don't know. I don't understand it. But I want to short that bitch down to like $1,650, dog.
Like, literally. Like, hopping some straight swing-type shorts. DJ's fucking pumping right now. But, I mean, I guess really what I would do here is, like, I mean, I don't even see, like, an unmitigated four-hour zone except all the way up here. And, like, I mean, I guess if you, you know, you could try to play the 15-minute to that zone. You know, I mean, it's like, fuck, bro. Oops. Damn, I need my alert to be reset. I hate when I do that.
I'm getting the same vibe across the whole market. Also, people aren't taking into account that we have so many events this week. Tesla earnings are this week, aren't they? Yeah, they're tomorrow.
So if you look at Tesla in the 4-hour, it's an accumulation schematic or it could be redistribution. So regardless, it's either going to go to 850 because it's going to break out to 850 or it's going to Utah to 850 and then just decimate the market.
Yeah, you put it well. It's in an accumulation now, but in one move. That's why I just try to tell motherfuckers, bro. Don't get stuck on that Wyckoff shit because it sounds cool, but it's like... The best way to use it, Casper, is to use the range failure feature. So with Wyckoff... Hey, Richard Wyckoff here. With Wyckoff... Hey, bro, I've been sniping entries since 1929.
Yeah, we're not really supposed to use the Wyckoff schematic in between the ranges. That's not how he intended it to play. You're supposed to catch the LPSY or the LPS. That's the trade. I actually caught Bitcoin on that. I'm going to tag you in some shit that I charted up, bro. Fucking caught for like 10R. Hell yeah. It peaked for 10R. I actually was able to capitalize on 4.
Cause I do like a trailing stop. Another one last night, right? Yeah, bro. That shit beat me like $10, fam. Oh, I guarantee. I probably know. Like the one, did you up late? Was it this shit over here? Oh, yeah. Yeah, you know. Yeah, that shit was clean. Yeah, he caught the LPSY and he's like, it's gone. That shit's clean. That was clean. I was looking at it this morning and I was like, damn. Cause I've made like, unless it's alts and crypto, I don't even like.
look at shit during tokyo like like alts i will and shit and i'm gonna start messing i played big dude i was literally at the movies the other night bro and i i put a most baby ass position but i was literally watching the minions movie with my daughter and i fucking was i got an alert my girl was like what is she was like really like i was in the theater like like on my phone on trading view and i just look at my girls looking at me she's like really i was like what i was like she's watching it like it's not like it's affecting anything like i'm not
I'm not invested in this movie. And I literally, like, I opened a trade. It was literally just, like, a 5-lot, bro. On corn, on MT4. Because it was a tight stop loss. I didn't even have to do that light. Like, I could have put, like, literally, like, a... Probably, I don't even know what the actual risk would have been. But I opened it, put my stop, and then I, like, forgot about it. Bro, that shit was up, like, 18R. I didn't look it until, like, 2 in the morning.
Cause I was like, Oh, it's just a test run. And then I like, you know, we went out and after that, we went and ate and it was just like, you know, put my daughter. So I was like, Oh fuck. I have that Bitcoin position open. I just looked, I didn't even look at my empty floor. I just looked at trading view and I was like, what the fuck? That shit fucking flew. The coins should start pulling, start pushing up. A lot of the big market stocks hit, uh, went and rated the lows. Oh hell yeah. Frizz. Good shit.
with that white cop brother i only look for the distro schematic honestly i think i think that that's what because right then and then from there i'll try to short lpsy or long and ar yeah
What is this? Something he said. Noah, you can check my channel. I have some good videos. A lot of the streams, I'm trying to organize them more and put in the title what I'm going over, but I have some videos about how I trade and stuff. I'm actually going to start putting out a lot more stuff here soon. I've just been doing most of the stuff private in the Discord. I didn't have the banner on.
Best advice would just be to study market structure. If you have any questions, you can always ask me, but I'll just look up some good videos on market structures like MANTFX is decent with that kind of stuff, like basics. You'll kind of figure out who you learn from the best. Somebody said, what do I think of USDCAD? I haven't looked at it in a while, but the last time I was looking at it, I wanted to long it when it came down far enough, but I don't know if we'll ever see that day or which feed it was on.
Okay. It actually looks like it wants to this feed. Hold on. I don't even know. I guess I deleted my fucking alert because it came down exactly where I want it to. I'm glad you said something about it. I removed it from my watch list. Not because I don't like it or something, but just because I've been trying to trim down my watch list. But really here, I would be personally looking for...
I don't know that this impulse moved down. I don't like that. I don't like that at all. Because what I wanted was a return down to this zone, this daily order block, and then to start playing up towards the end of the monthly range, which is pretty far above. It's all the way up here in this area, $1.33. But I think a lot of that's going to depend on...
how the four hour starts to shift because i think the four hour now again is bearish here so really i would want the four hour to shift internally bullish 15 minute i mean it'd be like the whole nine for me so this is something that's still developing i don't know what what perspective you had on it but that's kind of what i was um looking somebody said
Or Noah said, all right, because I feel like a noob in all the charts. That's okay. Everybody starts out somewhere. Don't worry about it. You'll learn faster than you think. So how does this chart I'm seeing work? These are actually just two different. So they're both different charts. This right now, I changed it to USD CAD, which is a 4X pair. I had it on the S&P 500, which is SPX or SPY. There's quite a few different feeds for it.
um and then bitcoin's at the bottom so they're just showing different uh different stuff right now because you can you can look at you know as many as i think your subscription has to be upgraded to look at more than two but you can look at up to eight at one time what is this right here oh my god what what is the point of this like what would this even possibly do you see this shit oh oh no
I guess if you're one of those people that uses volume profiles instead of candlesticks and shit, you know, you've seen those people how they just use the volume ranges. Yeah, serial killers? That they're like, yeah, I don't know what the hell they're doing. No. Then they're acting like they invented some fucking style of trading. I'm like, what the fuck are you doing? I mean, I've seen people... Use the mountain if that's what you're going to do.
It gives you an area of volume underneath the price action. It moves with it. Yeah, I don't know, man. It's just complicated. I don't know either, bro. The first time I saw that, I was like, whoa. I mean, if you're going to do all that, just learn point and figure. That's it. Point and figure teaches its volume with price action mixed in. That's how you get the O's and squares. And it gives you a range based off of that.
It's how you're supposed to use Wyckoff. Really? Yeah. I've always seen the point figure. That's what makes it more accurate. So you use the Wyckoff structure, and then the point figure helps you develop a bias, whether it's going to be a UTAD or what's it called? If it's going to be a sign of strength or something like that, it'll give you an indication based off of prior metrics.
for it to support your argument crazy like yeah and people don't even use that shit anymore point of figure was used heavily like 08 to 2014 2015 bro like that shit we don't use that shit anymore right
um no you're not invading at all noah like that's literally what what we're here for is for you to learn um what software is this is called trading view but yeah not please ask questions i wish people would ask more questions also somebody said do i use stochastic rsi absolutely not i don't use any like that at all i don't use any kind of rsi
I think if you have a strategy that works where you're using it and you're profitable, great. But I'm not a big fan of using certain indicators like that because I think they can cause you to force a narrative that you want to see. I think the better thing to do is just go with price action. But on that note, guys, I'm going to hop off here.
I appreciate all you guys coming through. Tomorrow we'll be on here same time. Thursday and Friday will be in the evening. We'll be doing more education and kind of just answering questions, doing TA on coins. The earlier streams are usually tiered towards kind of watching equity open, playing the New York session, seeing what we can find. But kind of to close off, I'm just going to hold these Bitcoin.
longs for now spy is in this zone it's interesting it could be just absorbing supply but uh depending on what spy does here is what we're gonna see probably play out for the rest of the day ideally i'd like it to just push the upside and take out the daily highs after that you know flush because we talked about on stream yesterday we wanted a you know purge of the longs we talked about in the discord because everybody is so emotional about it so you want to see a purge of the longs but i will say we didn't really
go down as far as I'd like. So kind of just playing it by ear. Could see one last little move down, clear out these equal lows, come into this demand down here. I think this is kind of going to be the area where we see that up in this region. So be safe out there. Also, fuck you, Oscar. I'll go for you because I did forget. Hold on. I'll take a look at it. I won't do you like that.
So daily structure is bearish. So I would say this is really your daily range right here. You've got, you're almost up into a premium already. But the thing is, a lot of these alts is like, a lot of this is just depending on really what Bitcoin does. Like, it's all cool. You know, like, okay, we got alts and, you know, but it's like.
If Bitcoin runs 25K, this is probably going to run past its POI. I wouldn't doubt that at all unless we get a nice retrace first.
Still be mindful of it because that daily pullback, you know, has given us the sign that started back over here. We've taken out the weak high. So now we kind of have a new little daily range here. As far as our internal structure goes, it's pretty tight. You know, if you get back under this area, you're probably looking more downside. But a zone I would watch, I'm going to refine this into one hour. I actually like this. If you can kind of consolidate here.
you can play around in this area and maybe form more liquidity you could look at a potential long opportunity under that i actually like that setup because you got this equal is front running the zone nice order block right there your target the only thing about it is you know this point i would you know definitely be fully out at this area right there
Is the daily order block also a fair value gap filled? No question for you out in full there. But even, you know, you'd be scaling out along the way. Like, you know, say if you came down here, let's just say price kind of does this number. You know, you'd be scaling out here, any imbalances along the way. And then the most of the trade would be taken off by that point.
Yeah, so for ALGO, that's kind of what I'd like. I like the setup, though. It looks pretty good if we can hold above this zone. And the main reason I like it is not necessarily because I think it's extremely going to remain bullish. I like it because it's decisional. And what that means is we have a POI. We have our daily internal range. The price tag is pretty tight. We know that if we get in here and let's just say this trade doesn't work from this area, well, I'm not going to look at it anymore, personally.
That's what I like when I say I like it. It's not like I think it's going to for sure go. I do like the opportunity that it might be providing. Another thing to be mindful of, though, is this four hour supply right here. So, you know, the four hour structure.
It seems to be pretty bearish still. So, you know, you could be just, you know, continuing your four hour. Because you've already pulled back. There's no law that says you have to pull back into a premium of that daily range. Again, a lot of this is just going to depend on what Bitcoin does. But on that note, yeah, you can refine it for sure. Let's see. You could refine it to a couple zones probably.
that and then you also got i'd use this whole candle right here that up oops that up there um but yeah i think you're at a decisional point um let's just say that would be a good target so let's say oh wait i refined the wrong zone just realized that was the daily zone
So let's just say price doesn't push up into this right here. The four-hour zone's been tapped, and we come down and deuce those early shorts, come into this zone, then get that reversal into a refined area. That would be an ideal trade setup. So anyways, guys, on that note, I'm going to hop off here. I appreciate you all coming through. If you've got any questions, tweet me, message me. If you're in the Discord, you guys know I'm always in there. So until tomorrow, I will see you later. Peace.
