What's up? What's up, people? Nobody ever chills in the voice chat anymore. I'm still chilling in here. I know St. Omos is in here with me. What's good, Mason? What's good, decking? This short played out nice. You in Doge? I feel like a Doge here in a second. Right? Yeah, yeah, everybody be doing the comments on YouTube. Makes it easier for me to see. Oh, yeah? You're like, wait, how? I'm sitting here with this dude. Right? 42, 588.
I think Spy and Everything crashed today, didn't it? Or am I wrong? I didn't watch, but nice. Hell yeah.
Oh, yeah. Now, Glacier actually got me on harmonics. He taught me, like, the basics, what I knew about them, and then put me on with some of the, like, educational stuff on YouTube. And I still use them. Like, I like to use them, like, kind of with the smart money levels. Like, say, if I'll get, like, an order block, a lot of times you'll get an order block at one of the key fib levels to the harmonic, right? Like, say, whether it's at the terminal bar or where it completes, like, D point, or you'll have it, like, halfway up CD, which is...
going to be a profit target if you are using the structure to trade. So it's weird how those levels coincide. But I mean, it all goes back to the perspective of thinking that the market is indeed trading mainly off of algorithms. So that's why Fibonacci sequences are so prevalent. Right. No, 100%.
i want to go actually for the video i made today for the fair value gap i sometimes like it's hard to find good examples of um setups i know some of you guys didn't watch it so i just want to kind of touch on this as just such a clean example of how to actually trade a fair value gap oops went back to the daily um let's see i think they're gonna be from the top the way i structured them these you don't need
So really, whenever we have these fair value gaps, I'll use the replay so you guys can get a better view. A lot of people I see in here, ignore this up here since you know why that's there. A lot of people I see in here, they'll play the 50% line of the fair value gap. And that's how a lot of YouTube shit will teach you. It's not to say that it won't bounce from there, right? We can all agree that price oftentimes...
will bounce off of equilibrium of fair value gap. But price bounces off equilibrium of everything. Just because price bounces off something, that doesn't mean shit. That means the price bounced off of it, nothing further than that. Whenever you are looking at the market for what it is, and you're playing a fair value gap for what it is, you're playing it from a perspective that it's unmitigated liquidity. Now, why would only half of the liquidity be swept up?
It just it doesn't make sense. Right now, that might be for the initial bounce and reaction. And we might have multiple dozens of candles go on before we see that that fill take place. But the important thing is, is to understand, like, what you're actually looking at here. So we always talk about liquidity. Right. We talk about the.
sell side liquidity in the form of stops getting ran. Like for instance, if here was your stop loss, right? Stops got ran right here, right? There was liquidity down below. They got ran into. Why? So smart money could absorb these positions, right? They're going to make you sell and buy it from you. So whenever you're pushing to the downside, right? Sweeping up that sell side liquidity.
And you're going to look for price to move to the upside. Why? Because if they're trying to obtain your liquidity low, that means they want to make it go high, right? Pretty simple. So when you have a fair value gap, what's going on is during this given timeframe, here on the four hour, you see price pushed up and broke structure. It doesn't have to break structure, right? But the important part is that it pushed up and then it closed at a lower level than the WIC high. It rejected from its high.
went back down, but still closed positive. We didn't get any breaks of structure to the downside, didn't get a change of character. So what could you assume that's going on here? Liquidity is being swept up, right? Just like we see price here, maybe on a weekly, this entire move right here, all this liquidity getting swept up on a weekly that looked just like this, because our price is fractal.
You're looking into an infinite, you know, you can go on the, you know, from the four hour to the one hour, from the one hour to the five minute. I mean, you can only go so far. Obviously, we can get out of the one minute and I guess the 32nd. But the concept I want you to grasp is that there's a lot going on within each candle.
Once we can identify that from just looking at one candle, you're starting to gain an actual understanding of what's going on. And that's why I really hate the fucking Wyckoff schematics. What it breeds is people trying to copy and paste a sample market structure that some educator came up with to try to put in the infographic, when in reality we're trying to trade real-time in markets. And people get so caught up in trying to...
rationalize why this chart does or doesn't look like whatever fucking infographic they have on the other screen. You're not going to get far if that's your only focus and you don't want to get past that and understand what the fuck it is you're looking at. It's just liquidity being manipulated. So now that we've seen price trade up, get rejected from a high sweep up liquidity, it then did what? Expanded.
So here you see price is coming back down and sweeping up the sell-side liquidity, right? We need sell-side liquidity so we can induce retail to sell their positions to smart money so they can then expand it. Now you see there's a huge gap between the wicks, right? Some sell-side liquidity got swept up and then even a little bit more here, but a ton is left behind.
So using this knowledge, since price always returns to an area of liquidity and almost always reacts to it, we can then say price is most likely going to return to this area.
And how the fuck does that actually matter? Just because you know that doesn't mean you know when, right? So that doesn't mean you just sell because this is the, you know, a dumb way to look at it. People would say, oh, well, so we short, right? Because if price is going to come here, we short. And you say, well, no, not necessarily this and that. And then people get caught up in that. They just don't really want to look any farther. They're like, fuck that, whatever.
So then we have price create a swing high. Right. So before returning down to this sell side liquidity. Right. This untapped liquidity. We now need to do the exact same thing we are doing here. Here we are cleaning up sell side liquidity. So price can be pushed up.
And here, liquidity in the buy side has been engineered so that smart money can now manipulate maybe buy stops here or take profit orders, whatever it may be. But mainly it's buy stops, people playing breakout orders. Like say you say, oh, on the break of this, I'm going to go long. Maybe not even a buy stop. Maybe it's developing an area of liquidity.
based on the fact that traders will most likely enter the market as high as breach because they think they're playing a breakout. So now you've established your external range liquidity, right? Before you go back inside your range and sweep up all of the internal liquidity you've left down below,
You need to sweep up the external liquidity, right? So now we can establish that once these stops, we'll call them stops, or once this level has been broken, we can then scale in and look for a possible trade setup, right? Remember, this is on a four-hour chart, so this took a couple days.
Right. Then we have it right here. Happened quicker than four hours even. So this is why you got to be on your P's and Q's. We'll go back to right here. Let's go to the 15 minute. So once price breaches this high. Right. And this is it all plays in to the same message I'm trying to tell you guys when I say manipulation of highs, manipulation of lows. Right. This is a good.
real world example of that and how that can mean many different things. Like why is price, why are highs being manipulated? Well, to obtain more buy side liquidity, right? Well, why are lows being manipulated? Vice versa. That's how you can identify which way you can expect the market to expand from whatever consolidation it is you're in. So once we have this break right here, we had our alarm set.
We were waiting. We didn't do anything. Remember, we identified this four-hour, it's like a fucking tongue twister, this fair value gap. We waited for how long?
We waited for two full days, right? To some of you guys in crypto chat, I know that probably seems like a fucking eternity to enter a trade. I know it does for some people. And that's fine, right? But eagerness can get you fucked up. Now, once price has reached this level, we can then look for a short position, right? Why short? Because we have this liquidity down below that needs to be swept up.
We've swept up all recent liquidity above. So now the market is going to go where there is supply or demand, right? The next area of demand we're going to have is down here in this fair value gap. So once we have price breaching above these old highs, we can scale in. We can even go to, let's go to one minute just to really dissect this. All right, so I'll get rid of this big fucking bubble. Hold on.
We have price bull flagging above these highs. You know, every retail trader is getting in. We're going up the moon from here. We're bull flagging above this old level of resistance. We look great. You know, it all looks perfect, right? So then we have price come up and we have somewhat of a consolidation begin to form. You can see that we're getting some lackluster momentum. We have, you know, we go from high or low, high or low.
high or low, but you see we don't make a higher high just yet, right? Come up. Let's see. It makes, I think it makes just a bit of a higher low and then falls back down. All right. We're seeing that rounded top, right? This is why I tell you guys watch out for rounded tops. So after we get that rounded top, right, what are we looking for now? Well, we're going to look for, we're going over the other nine stream, but for those of you who weren't here, we're going, oops, I just deleted the wrong thing.
We're going to look for a change of character, right? Just like we set these alerts for this level being broken. This is simply, you know, you don't have to watch for this to happen. Now, if you're on a one minute chart, actually, you know, you probably should be close by or at least have a trading plan ready to be implemented. But you don't have to sit and stare at it every candle. You have alerts for that. So now that we have a change of character, meaning we had from a higher low, higher low. Now we've made a lower low.
We're still doing nothing. We're not jumping in. We're not playing breakouts, right? We don't do that. So then price comes down. You see it consolidate. And now we've got, actually it takes one more candle. We've got another lower low, right? So that's going to structure. Let's go ahead and put some of this up.
Now we've got this lower low. This is going to be your confirmation, right? Now, while both of these are breaks of structure, the initial break of structure to reverse a trend is a change of character, right? Once that happens, we establish new external range liquidity, right? This is going to be swept. Now, in this situation, you have to be mindful of the high time frame narrative because I know you might be thinking, oh, well, once this liquidity is swept, we should go up.
Not necessarily. And this is why that even when you're trading the lower timeframes, it's important to use levels and confluence from the high timeframe narrative. Or you're just going to be wondering why your TA didn't work whenever you're just running uphill. So we want to play with the trend. And if we are playing against the trend, you're going to have a different approach like this. Now we want to look for that change of character confirmed by break of structure. And we're going to look for the order block.
before this breakup structure and this is going to be a good example for a lot of you because almost all of you are going to say that the order block was right here right and you're going to tell me like well that doesn't make any sense how is this the order block
Well, what you're looking at in an order block is the last manipulation in price by institutional investors to induce liquidity so they can then push price farther because they're going to sweep up a little bit more liquidity here. In this example, they were entering some longs to hedge their shorts, right?
But you're going to see volume with smart money. Notice with this candle, and remember, you're on a one minute time frame. They're probably entering the market throughout this entire period. So you have to think of it as a zone. Really, this all could be an order block, right? That's why all these linear teachings of, oh, just the last candle before break of structure, they don't always, it doesn't always play out like that. Because remember, you're tracking order flow. It's not like two plus two equals four. You're tracking something and you're using.
market structure to do so, but market structure isn't always that just, you know, black and white. You want to find the candle that has the most volume, right? You see a significant amount of more volume here than here, right? It's like about five, six times as much volume. So that's why we're going to choose that candle. So after this break of structure, you're doing what? Absolutely fucking nothing. You're waiting again.
So what we're going to do is we're going to set limits at the bottom of the body of this order block, right? Now, why are we not going to enter a trade right here? Well, if you're down here, you're selling at a discount. And remember, we are following a higher timeframe narrative, but we are still trading within this range. Price has not left this range. And remember, we don't sell at discount and we don't buy at premium.
So after you set those limits you would just completely sit back and wait It's gonna take a while if I'm not mistaken for this to play out so we can see Once price came back up to that order block you can see it filled perfectly
You got an absolute snipe of a fucking entry off this. And whenever you have a good limit, this is why it's better to play these confirmations, use a change of character, break of structure, and play that level, rather than try to just short from here. If you would have just shorted here, you could have been, probably got scared of your position, you didn't really have much of a plan, you're kind of just hail marrying it.
I mean, most likely if you did that, you don't really care about position sizing. But with the way that I've taught you guys to size your positions, when you're using this kind of setup, you're going to be able to make much more money because your risk to reward is higher, right? And this isn't even a crazy, super tight stop relative to the move. I mean, yes, it's 0.79%. Theoretically, if you were on 10x, you would have probably put around 13% of your port on this trade, risking only 1% of it.
And this is another thing you guys don't get. You think I'm trying to tell you to size your positions so you can be safe and not lose money. I'm also telling you that because if you lose the same amount on each trade, well, newsflash, if you have a stop loss of 1% versus a stop loss of 10%, guess what position you're putting a fuckload more money into, right? So with this setup, if you use this completely properly, it took, remember how long this took, right?
So we had this fair value gap established all the way down here. This trade setup took almost four days to even enter. Looks like maybe another day to play out.
So price wicked right off the level, just like a lot of these orders we've played before. This is exactly how they're found. This is a very nice one. We didn't actually catch this one. I just found this kind of backtesting. But price moves violently away from the level, breaking structure, signifying displacement in the market. Large money has entered or left the market here.
Now we see our first target is just a recent low. Now you could also target order blocks. Like right here we have an order block, right?
You could target that. Now, it's up to you. And say if you were playing a reversal really like this, you could have targeted a higher level. Like on the Bitcoin short we're in right now, I targeted order box and these lows because we're shorting Bitcoin in the same week of a Bitcoin conference while we're maybe about to start flying all-time highs. So you're kind of approaching it at a more...
aggressive angle as far as taking profits go. So price comes down and obviously cleared both take profits. It's pretty simple how you structure your exit from the trade. You just look at what other areas of liquidity, right? Because we enter trades off liquidity, right? We swept up the liquidity, formed more, we entered off of it. Now, where is price going to go since we've swept everything above? We're going to go to the areas of liquidity down.
recent lows, quarter bucks, or the original reason we targeted this trade, which was the fair value gap.
Now, some people look at it and say, oh, well, you could have held. You probably had a runner left. I mean, anybody who's been doing this a while, even once your full TP hits, most people have a 10%, 15%, 5% runner left. But regardless, I mean, if you put 13% of your portfolio on 10x, right, so we would have had a 70% gain, you would have made around 5% to 6% of your, probably more than that actually.
much more than that, like 8% of your portfolio in one trade.
And you did it in a non-DGEN way. You were patient. Yes, you got heavy in the position, but you did it because you framed an actual really good trade that you could take rather than just aping into shit and hoping it flies and continuously averaging down when it doesn't. So it's super easy, right? I know that it's easier to maybe...
watch this on stream or watch it on a YouTube video or whatever than to do it. But that's just because you're thinking too much and you try to rationalize just jumping in or out of positions too quick. But I did want to go over that before we got started because I think that's a really good example of how to actually use a fair value gap. Us people want to play the bounce of it, which sometimes it does work, but that's not even how they're supposed to be. I don't know where that came from.
a lot of times the reason you'll find the bounce of is here in this example you'll have an order block right around equilibrium right that's why you'll get a bounce but remember when you're playing these order blocks you're going to see price always reacts in areas of liquidity right but even drawing this range you know generously the entire blow off top to low you're still far in premium so we wouldn't have wanted along there you get may get a reaction but it's it's not going to give you a trade setup like this
So if you guys got any TA you want me to do, any coins, whatever, just let me know. I'll hop on them. IMX. Yeah. Yeah, I still have his limit set. Just chilling, chilling. It's actually, this shit dumped today quite a bit. I still like this setup, though. There's a lot of demand down here.
Pretty light stop-offs as well. If I'm going to play limits on any of this, yeah, Dot and Zill, I got you. The limits are 1.7460. Yeah, fucking Denzel voice. Yeah, there's definitely a lot of different...
a different ways people play stuff i mean that you know some of this stuff is just what's worked for me um and what i've back tested because like you said there's just a ton of different teachings but the best way to do it is get like a little bit from you know from whatever you're learning from and then kind of like run with it because half the time a lot of the people like that are trying to teach people shit they only have so much sauce and then they just start like making up bullshit that really doesn't work that well
So that's why I kind of just like, I just sit here and we'll try to backtest shit. Like when I'm trying to learn something new, I'll backtest it on Ethereum and Bitcoin. And then if it seems to work, dope. And then I'll also notice sometimes like shit works differently on certain coins, but.
I'm like, because that's like the thing with order bucks. There's like a lot of different. Yeah, exactly. I feel you. It's real. Like it's, it's like brothers. There's so much fucking smoke and mirrors of trading, bro. Like half the fucking like Instagram gurus and shit do not fucking know nothing.
So IMX, we can kind of touch back into it. We have, I think it's a daily fair value gap here, right? So we're aiming, we're seeing, we need this liquidity to be swept up, right? Within this fair value gap, we have a limit or an order block on a limit. I think it's on low timeframe.
We have this order block that is under equilibrium, right? So whenever we're playing this return to origin setup, I'm going to go back to the daily. This is a very good example of a setup that is taught completely different than how I play it. So whenever I play a return to origin, I just look for an order block at...
or preferably just a bit under equilibrium, right? A lot of times they're sitting right on top of it. And technically, yeah, it's in a premium. But if it's sitting right on top of equilibrium, we're playing a return to origin. That's a little different for me. It has to just be at or below equilibrium. So once we get this major break of structure here, we go on a chart that has a better amount of time. Is this too much?
So whenever we have this major break of structure here, we're going to look for a return. This is where late longers will get faked out because people will look at this like a change of character, if you will. You can actually play change of character on the daily. So for instance, here, your change of character would have been right here on this order block, and you can see how that played out. It's actually above our entries.
Once we get that major break of structure of this entire trading range because remember this was the swing high that resulted in this break of structure here.
So that's going to be the strong high of your range. Once you break that, you can consider that a major break of structure, right? So once we come back after this expansion to the upside, we're going to look for that order block that, you know, started the expansion from equilibrium. That's why you oftentimes want to see it just at or just under equilibrium.
Often they're also in the equilibrium of their respected range. Like this one, we find right at equilibrium of the trading range that it was moving within before we had this explosive move to the upside. And you can determine that this is really the last manipulation in the market before it just went completely crazy and broke structure all the way up here. I mean, this was a run from...
you know, 60% run, right? So price expanded violently away from equilibrium.
from this order block a lot of people say this one why because it was the major break of structure well for one it's already been tapped so it'd be a breaker block which are still viable and they're still demand zones but it's not what we're looking for when we play the return to origin so we're going to look for that order block that is right under equilibrium right where volume look at this volume came into the market you see nothing right there was some back here in this massive pump but then it was just
Very little volume here, right? All of a sudden, here you go. True intentions revealed the market and buyers started coming in droves, right? Pumped it up. Now we have this manipulation of highs. Just like I was saying before, you get these rounded tops. Also, another thing you can look at, we had these higher lows, higher lows. Finally, we started to make a lower low, right?
So really after this, if you're looking at on this one hour, let's do the four hour to make it a little cleaner. There was your first lower low. And then here was your break of structure. So at this point, you would look for the candle with the most volume, similar to that Ethereum play. And you could say when price returns back to this area would be an entry for a short, right? Where would stops be? Theoretically, you would put them.
I mean, this is going to be a big stop, 17%. So you could put them above these highs. And I wouldn't probably play this because of that stop loss and also these equal highs right here, equal highs right here. It's just not really an attractive trade setup. But this is how you would play it if you're going to. You'd want to see something like price come back down, maybe hit an order block on that level.
here, and then make an expansive move to the downside. Returning where? Right down here, around where orders are. Actually, I think I drew it way farther. Hopefully it doesn't do this, but you guys get the picture, right? Now, Matic, yes, I'll look at Matic next. And thank you, I just now saw that. And Gini.
Now, with this setup, we can also say, like we were using fair value gaps before, that price is going to return down to this area of liquidity. Now, instead of looking for the full fill of this fair value gap, because I'm not going to trade. If I was shorting it, I would be looking for that, but I'm not shorting it.
I'm looking for reason to return to origin, right? Because we have other forces of liquidity that are within this level. And I'm not looking to short, right? This setup, shorting a return to origin is not necessarily a high probability trade setup because you are trading against the macro trend, right? Sure, you're making lower lows here. I get that. But you're not going to have any confirmed change of character in the high timeframes if price does what you're expecting it to do, right?
Because, for instance, here you have to break this low probably is what would happen because you'd move down whatever low you make. Here was your change of character in the daily, right? Whatever swing low you make, which it's not going to be right here, it's probably going to move down farther at our level. If you break that level, then yes, you would be looking at a shift in macro trend structure. But until then, shorting is playing against the trend, even if you're doing it from an area of premium.
So we're going to look for price to return back down into this internal liquidity and sweep up all remaining sell side liquidity before expanding the upside. And I shouldn't really say all because there is some areas of liquidity down under here, right? It's actually, let's make sure. Oh no, it looks like I would almost still consider those equal. But the main form of liquidity that I'm seeing is you have yet another fair value gap down here with an order block below.
I have no reason to believe price will return to those levels until we break down from these levels. And then at that point, I probably would be very selective on entering a trade because we'd be taking some super heavy selling pressure for that to happen. Somebody said Matic. I have such a small runner left in Matic, it's pointless. This pump, I sold most of it, and it's just been chill. I mean, it's not pointless, but... Let me go to...
What is this? The next president has to be ProBitcoin. Different chart because this one's all marked up. So...
This is another example. High time frame fair value gaps can be not very large. You see that's a very small gap, but there was a lot of selling going on here. And think of that like a vacuum that's going to suck price back up into it at some point. And having an eye for all these different levels is going to make you way more confident in identifying trades. Because maybe if I was watching Matic intraday, I would have had this level marked up. And once we came into it, I would have said, hey.
Let's go back here. You know, where am I going to, okay, I'm getting a change of character, right? So the five minute actually, it's like, oh, I got a change of character, right? That's going to be the initial break of trend, right? That's why I don't use trend lines the way most people use them, right? Here's your first break of trend because you're not making a higher low after that.
Oh, wait, actually, no, this is your first break of trend right here. I apologize. There's your first break of trend. It's going to be your choach, as you would say. And then you have confirmation here. You would have ended up setting limits here with stops above the range, right? Remember, we're on a pretty low time frame. If you're trading a higher time frame, we would have set up just like that ETH trade. So whatever has the highest volume. It actually looks like it is this candle here.
This is how your trade would have looked. Whatever you have targeted. You'd probably go to the high time frame. Let's just see. One hour. You would have probably played this order block here. Just to be safe. That's what I would have done. And it actually wouldn't have hit full target. This wouldn't have been the craziest setup here, to be honest. So if you'd look, it would be...
a um two to one that's and that's you know you don't you don't want to take every trade you know what i mean but if if you can see price does react the same to these levels right maybe if you did this on you just played this order block right here right you even got a better entry so
Just because price reacts to a level and because what kind of TA you're doing is right doesn't even mean that the trade setup itself is going to be that good. That's another thing. I see some people don't want to put their trades on a fucking chart like this because they're going to look like this shit. I've seen people do that. That's not how you consistently make money in trading because
Whenever you, you know, everybody takes losses. And whenever you take a loss, if you size your position right, it's not going to kill you. But a lot of people take more losses than they do wins. But when they win, they win big. And that's how they make money. And thank you, man. I appreciate that decking. What was the next? It was Luna. Yeah, Luna. And then Phil.
Still a lot of trendline liquidity here. One thing I will say about Luna, though, is it's just, I mean, I guess they changed alerts. Yeah, it was weird. I had to upgrade to get rewind. I was like, the fuck? Because whenever I was trying to do this, like this rewind feature, I was saying I had to upgrade for it. And I was like, damn. Because I think I was an idiot and bought the most expensive trading view and then downgraded from it. And my subscription ended today or the other day.
Here, you would... I mean...
Luna is just crazy, dude. There's a lot of fundamental stuff going on for Luna. So that's another thing you got to keep in mind. I mean, they're buying billions, literally billions of dollars of Bitcoin. They're redefining the DeFi space with an actual decentralized stablecoin. I mean, what they're doing is fucking awesome. I love Luna, right? Luna is a super great project. I think Luna and Adam are my two favorite layer ones.
near is also really good too but i mean with this you just have more of a confirmation of trend of the upside and whenever the market dies a lot of the times uh that luna's ran all right let's just put um can you even do that still how do you do it you add like a can you not add a fucking oh yeah it's right here we'll just do total a lot of the times that um i do log okay that was not the way to do that
Okay, what the fuck is going on? Fail. Take this off. How about this? So when you take total and you look at it compared to Luna, you can see that Luna is extremely the inverse at a lot of times. You can see during this time right here, the market was dying, consolidating. Luna was running to new all-time highs. If we go in the weekly, it'll probably be even more prevalent.
right luna is like the inverse of the rest of the market here um so uh it's it's one of these things like i'm sick because i haven't really bought you know any um equity in luna since like you know i owned it like like six dollars and sold it pretty quickly um but i don't know what the fuck i have much i'm just deleting that
But, you know, I just looking at the chart for what this doesn't look like something I'm going to be a buyer in just yet. I think I had a drone like this, actually. Whenever I see these trend lines, and this is kind of goes hand in hand with those ascending triangles.
I want to wait till that's cleared out because, you know, in essence, this is just another form of liquidity. Just like we're looking for those highs to be swept, order blocks to be mitigated, fair value gas to be filled. We're looking for trend lines to be broken because there's tons of retail traders that are going to get shaken out if that breaks. They're going to be freaking the fuck out. Just tripping like, oh, dude, we got to get out. We're breaking down. That's why you see false breakouts and false breakdowns and false breakouts.
If I could see this get cleared out, maybe a return. I don't think we're going to see Luna fall super strong unless crypto really takes a dive. But if we can manipulate here and come back down, maybe into this area, this range, or even if we are just, you know, actually that looks pretty good. It's already been tapped into though. Maybe I'd look here and look on the lower timeframes for, there you go.
So I'm going to look in this whole zone right here because they both have pretty high volume. But really what I'm going to do to pinpoint a better level is go into the 15 minute and try to find, let's see. Yeah, there you go. So this is how you can use the change of character in the past tense, right? So here we had lower high, lower high, lower high, higher high. Second break of structure. You have your order block right there, untapped.
So I'll label this for you guys just so you can see this would be your change of strut or change of character
This is your breakup structure. Remember, you play this order block. Oftentimes you'll find that these setups are too at around equilibrium. This one's actually not. Sometimes you'll see it just like this. It's even more confluence. And this one's not been mitigated, right? So if we look at this from the perspective that we need to return to origin, we have trendline liquidity that needs to be mitigated.
and it will definitely have been mitigated if we come back down to this area. That's where you can look for these really good trade setups. But if you want to be even more careful and more of a sniper, I guess, you find the level. So we got 66.95. Drop this. Make sure everything is precise. We had 60. What was it? 66.95. Always want to be surgical. Just continuously triple, double check everything.
So here, right, what you're going to watch for is the same change of character and breakup structure after the downward swing in price that pushes us to this level. Same way that you identified this level is the same way you're going to identify if you're going to enter the trade or not. And now we wait, right? And that's fine. This could take a while, and I'm totally fine with that. I've been getting left in the dirt by Luna since like $50, so it's nothing new.
Yeah, they're all in Mpix. I've been alerting pretty much everything. Like, this one I'm finding live. But I have a lot of alerts set, too. That's like, I can make a list, though. It won't be tonight, but I can do that. Well, I was actually thinking about doing it anyway because it's been a while since some of them are set, and I wanted to remind some people. But also another thing here. Look at that. Got a fair value gap.
It hasn't been traded all the way through. So even more confluence to this level, right? Since this is going to be most likely the result of a downward explosion of price whenever we do hit this, I'm going to wait and set limits just because like earlier I was in chat and somebody asked to watch sand. Here we go. We're actually might be getting, this is another trade I'm watching in the 15 minute.
If we can get a change of character, I'm expecting it probably to be this high. I won't really enter, obviously, off this change of character. I am looking at these highs up here. Maybe find a very quick in and out trade. But with sand, I found a level on the daily chart. Maybe I found this fair value gap. And there was an order block within. I'm pretty sure it's equilibrium as well. Just under equilibrium. Hold on.
Hold on one second, I'm in the stream. I just answered the call. Go back to play the voice chat. Sorry about that. Now, the value gap...
It's not been filled all the way, but I think I found an order block. If I remember right, add a change of character here. So we see on the four hour looking back, we had this initial first higher high, right? Then we broke that structure here, left an order block behind. We came, we had a nice reaction here, right? So now what we're going to be watching for is that change of character.
All right, let me go ahead and put it this high. So we're going to look for that change of character on the load timeframes, right? And then once we get that, we're like for a break of structure. Once we get that, we'll play the return to origin of that move. And that's how we make sure to stay safe whenever the market is being super, super volatile. And whenever decking you asked, I always say equity, that is spot. It means you own the coin. You're not just owning contracts.
Oh, shit, I just realized TNTLX asked me to do DOT like at the beginning of the stream. My bad, bro. Pretty close to our limits, but not there yet. This is also a return to origin setup. Instead of using this order block right here at equilibrium, I decided to scale in and find some better levels. I think we're going to be returning down to this level. You can see if you played the wick of this daily order block, you're up nicely right now. But I never really do that. I don't really play the wicks. Whatever I did here is up.
Instantly. Good. 25% on 10x. Yeah, but with DOT, I think we do need to come back down. Draw this trading range right here. See this order block sitting right above equilibrium. Pretty clear stop loss down here into this low. We have a lot of liquidity to the upside that needs to be swept, right? Mainly this order block here. That'll take profit there.
Also, this set of equal highs and then these major highs. Really, these two are the main major take profit zones. Even if you just took profit to here, I mean, you're still a seven to one, but it'd be a swing. So I'd be leaving the price, the final target as the major high. Can I do that? Yes, I got you.
With that, we obviously got a major break of structure. Here you have this order block right here with a fair value gap above. Really one big fair value gap here. I mean, price, I guess you'd say it was two if you want to get technical, which is how you should be. This fair value gap just got filled. This is probably similar to the Ethereum trade. There is a nice opportunity for these shorts here above an old high.
That would have been a very nice reversal. Now, we've filled this gap. We can say that's mitigated. Take that out. We've got this, and then we've got an order block just below it. Instead of playing just this order block, you can approach this two ways. Do what we did with sand. Set an alarm, which I'll be doing. Turn to origin. Now, we can go in a little deeper. Here's the four hour. Maybe go to the one hour.
and find the change of character so here is where you made a new high
Here was where you broke that structure your order box gonna be the one with the most volume There's really not much volume here. So this is kind of a weird one and you would say I mean, it looks like these three candles down here about the same which is nothing So I guess we'd say the last candle or you could play all of them It's really not a big price and I probably play all of them But notice this comes exactly with our level so more confidence for me to just set alerts rather than limits
and sit back and wait for this liquidity to get tapped. It's just all a waiting game. Once you can identify trade setups, all you've got to do at that point is learn to be patient and let price come to you and let it be in your court. Just try it. How much do you want to bet if you did this right? It's going to come back.
It's funny I say that, and I can think of all the coins that just fucking flew to all-time highs without me. But it's okay, though. You're going to miss out on opportunities by playing it smart and having a strategy. You're also going to get opportunities. But one thing you're not going to do is lose all your fucking money. So that's why it's much better to be patient and willing to miss out than always aping into everything. Let's see what sand is giving us. Looks like it wants it.
can i do crow yeah let me actually move this out and set an alarm i just realized i don't even have an alarm set all right yeah there is i just couldn't see it it's weird at crow they actually have a lot of going on um that looks awful they have a lot of going on fundamentally i think there's a lot of defy this actually looks really good i'll just tell you right now this looks very good
You'll get good at this where you can eyeball it, right? So like we're gonna Pinpoint this a little more but I can look at this and I'll tell you okay Well, here is your change of character Right here's your breakup structure confirm it order block down below which one had more volume Looks like this last one did on the left So I'm just gonna play all of the Wix everything and you could set alerts Right at that level make sure it's right
This play hasn't expanded on the higher time frame, so you're really just playing mitigation at this point. You're well in discount, so you're cleared to buy in that aspect. You're looking for a continuation of this bullish price action, and most likely it was a return to origin of this range. Look at that, right at equilibrium. It's as easy as that. LPT and clay, I'm going to do those. I'm going to hop off here. I haven't even heard of either of those.
I like how fucking TradingView has everybody's logo now. That shit is hard, bro. I saw this and I was like, something's different. I realized it's like, oh, there's actual logos for all the crypto. This looks good as fuck.
We've got, looks like equal highs, right? Up here. They're not equal, but it didn't get cleared. You see this high did not push through. So you've got buy side liquidity at the top of your range. It's always a good sign. You're seeing this manipulation, right? Rounded bottoms here. Early longers got, I mean, they made money if they took profits, but early longers usually don't. Rounded bottom, rounded bottom, rounded bottom, right?
So once you can identify that we have bullish price action starting to form, then see consolidation and we do what? Well, you can wait for expansion. You can wait for a break of structure and then a return to origin, which you might be seeing right now. You see the last structure that was broken was here, right? So you could say, let's take this fib down here. Look at that. It's right on equilibrium. Go to a four hour. You also have a change of character here.
And change of character. Market structure break. Order block right there. You guys opt out if you use the tight stops. That's why I don't really... I do it sometimes every time I see it. Like Tezos. We got fucked on Tezos because of this. I was trying to take a stop like how you're by the book supposed to trade order box and use the low of that cluster. And obviously this seemed to just wick right through that.
So that's, you know, you could, and if you would have used the low of the range, you know, you would have been in profits. But this is why I'm getting to be more and more picky, and I want to play more low time confirmation. But I'll tell you, it's easier to chart that shit than it is, and watch me chart it than it is to do it, because you put yourself, like, don't put yourself on, like, a clock. Because, like, when you do this, you're like, all right, fuck, here it comes. Where's it going to happen?
Uh-oh. What's going on? Right? You're going to play the first one. Oh, we broke new highs. I'm long. You know what I mean? So just be mindful of the fact that you have time and it's okay if you miss out. And it's also okay to just plot the trade out and just not even trade it. Sit on the sidelines. That's always totally fine.
So overall, LPT, you might be... Honestly, I mean, this could be mad bids right here. I don't know what this is. If it's something Hood brought up, I know it's some gas pack. Hood has all the underground coins. Put me on Cotty a minute ago. Fucking Clay. Clayton? Is that its name? What kind of name is that? I mean, not that there's anything wrong with that name, but just for a crypto. I know I have a good friend named Clayton. That's what makes me think about.
I don't know what the fuck this is, but this would almost make me to believe this is some form of like game coin or something that people mine. But I mean, personally, unless I was buying this fundamentally, this is something I would probably stay away from. This chart's just like, how much is coin a dollar?
You're not seeing much volume with this coin. No smart monies. I mean, some may be, but you're seeing an average of under $20 million a day. Most days, $10 million US dollars even traded. Unless people are just hodling it because it's something super fire, I guess I don't know the fundamentals, but I would probably cool it on this one. There's just not enough volume to trade. And if I'm going to invest, I'm just buying it based off of what it's doing and who's behind it. So then the chart really doesn't matter.
Thank you.
But I'm going to hop off here. I think this is a super good stream. We went over a bunch of real-world examples of some of the stuff that I'm teaching you guys. I'm trying to get better at putting it into words. It's one thing I know whenever I'm streaming, a lot of you may follow it, but a lot of people aren't really getting what I'm saying because I'm saying it in a cryptic way. That's how most people that trade like this, they want to keep it almost like they're trying to...
you know, run game on you or like keep, keep the upper hand or something, but I'm trying to learn to put it into better real world examples, kind of put it out, put it all out there. That way you guys can take it and run with it and develop your own style with it too. That's why you hear me hating on fucking Wyckoff schematics because they create a fucked up mentality with this shit. But anyways, I appreciate all of you guys as always. I'm glad this is helping you guys. So yeah, if you guys.
Have any suggestions on topics I could cover, any questions, just feel free to reach out, DM, at me, hit me on Twitter, YouTube, whatever the fuck you want to hit me on. But I'm going to hop off here so my girlfriend doesn't kill me because she's trying to go get some drinks. But anyways, you guys have a good one.
