Hey friends, I've got some really exciting news for you, which is that we are launching another
channel. This one with the person who taught me how to be a journalist, Max Fisher. Back when I
was a lowly animator finding my way in this world, Max was a reporter. He had been a foreign reporter
for a decade. He had a lot to teach me and I shadowed him. I wasn't really supposed to be
writing scripts, but I was writing scripts when I was at Vox and Max would edit those scripts
and we would make videos together. Eventually we invented the map explainer format together.
Iran steps up its influence in turn. You see this now all the time on my channel. It's a
mainstay of the channel, but Max was a co-developer of that format. We then went our separate ways. I
started my own channel here and he went off to be a columnist at the New York Times and then to become
a podcaster. He wrote this amazing book called The Chaos Machine and actually read his book and
reached out to him and said, Hey, uh, we should reconnect. So we reconnected and I floated this
idea. Like what if you came over and started a channel here at new press where we are building
creator led channels with journalists who care about explaining things and helping audiences
understand the crazy news environment we live in. We've been working on that for about a year now.
And today it's live. It's called the bigger picture with Max Fisher, and it will be your guide
to understand the tumultuous news environment that we live in right now, not outrage and opinion and
fear mongering. This is going to be rigorous reporting that helps you understand what is
happening in the world, helps you make sense of it, helps you aggregate all of the things that are
happening so that you don't feel so overwhelmed. It's going to publish a lot more than I publish on
my channel because he's very prolific and much faster. So the bigger picture is live right now.
You can see the link in the description. And if you like what you see on this channel, you're going
to like what's over there. For those who are still here, the rest of this video is going to
be a conversation that I had with Max. We talk about our origin story. We talk about media. We talk
about a bunch of things. I hope you enjoy my conversation with Max Fisher, the newest new press
journalist. Max Fisher. Welcome to our studio. Hey pal. First time to be here. I know. I can't believe
it's seen it like any other viewer. I've seen it so many times and now I'm here and let me tell you,
it's even better than you thought it was. And it's so much tinier. Yeah. I feel like I've shrunk
into like a little shoe box. I almost feel like I need to give people a warning before they come,
like come to the studio. It's not going to, it's not what you think. It feels, it's just what you
think it's going to be from the videos, except one ate the size. We're actually crammed into a
dollhouse. We are. And we, we've taken a weird sense of pride in like continuing to operate this
like increasingly large media company. Punishing yourself with this tiny little studio. Yeah.
Cause it works. Like it's worked, but then it doesn't work. It's like too small,
but like, there's something about jamming everything into this space that also is like
really spot on for what we make, which is like, it feels very warm. It feels very lived. It feels
like this is all stuff that it feels like I arrived in the middle of a shoot and like eight
different videos happening in real life. And that is kind of what's happening always.
Do you feel like you live inside the channel at this point?
Sometimes I do this morning. I was driving my son, uh, from something, we were on rock climbing
and he was asking me about the immune system cause he was feeling a little bit sick. And
I suddenly was in the middle of an explainer where I, me and Chad GBT and him were all like
exploring the deeper understanding of how antibodies work and how the immune system works
with a viral infection and all of these things. And, and so sometimes I do think that my life
is a giant explainer because I, I just, I am always doing it to, to the point. Like one
time I was with my, my friend on the streets of San Francisco waiting to get into a restaurant
and I was explaining to him something about like the horn of Africa and pirates. And I was like,
and I had like my Google maps out and I was like, if you zoom in, you'll see here and the big boats
can go past this thing. And I literally was screenshotting it and drawing a line. And then
like a fan walked up and, and like, they just like walked into like an explainer.
So you're just doing the video all the time.
All the time. You are just like a caricature.
You should, anytime you feel like someone is like walking around you and like, they're
kind of looking, he's like, is that Johnny Harris? You should just start talking about
the horn of Africa just so people think like, yeah, that is what I do all the time.
All the time. Yeah. All right. Let's introduce who you are because you are now a part of the
family as it were reunited, reunited. This is a, this is a very important reuniting because
we were in the trenches together almost a decade ago building another new media venture that
was making waves. And then we went our separate ways and now we're back doing it again. So Max
Fisher is a acclaimed international reporter who has worked at little newspapers such as the
Washington post, the New York times. Um, I know him from Vox, which is where I got my start in
journalism. I walked into Vox as an animator with no understanding of what journalism really was other
than it had to do with newspapers. But I had a lot of curiosity. I had some animation skills and I had a
degree in international relations and I got into Vox. It was 2014. Vox was brand spanking new. It was like
this industrial concrete floors, startup millennial vibes everywhere. And all these young, smart
journalists that like just sort of threw me into the trenches and we started, I started to learn how
like mass communication worked and you were the head of the foreign desk at Vox. I'm curious,
first off, how you got started in journalism, but how did you end up at Vox? Like what was the,
the origin story of you getting there? I've not, I don't actually know the answer to this.
I mean, it's funny to hear you describe Vox as another kind of like independent starter because at
the time it was, and at the time doing like a bunch of people, it was the Washington post and like
a bunch of people leaving the Washington post, like one of the most institutional establishment
media brands you could have to start a website owned by another company felt like the most like
independent rebellious thing you could do. And that feels so quaint now, like now that feels like,
and in some ways it is just like another form of establishment institutional media or just like
working for a different company. But I like a lot of, I'm 40 and like a lot of people, my generation,
like I came up in college during like the Iraq war. And like, it was an era when I thought of
journalism as something that was really important, but I also thought like really had my quibbles with
like the mainstream media and thought like the mainstream media and social media has all these
biases that like help bring about the Iraq war. But also that's like the only, only game in town.
If you want to be a journalist and like, you want to help people understand the world because you think
the world is fun and fascinating and like interesting and important. And it's like a good to help people
understand it. You have to go to, if not a big newspaper, then like a news website that is started
by people who worked at a newspaper. And it's crazy to look back at that now 10 years later. And like the
world is so much bigger, you know, and like the things you can do with the media is so much bigger. I know that
doesn't answer your question, but they're like, the answer your question is just that it's changed
so fast. Yes. The answer to your question is I just like, I loved helping people around me
understand what was going on, especially at moments when they felt like confused or like it's upsetting
or like, I don't know, like when the news is scary or when things feel like destabilizing, I feel like
there's a specific kind of journalism that I think you and I ended up doing, like took our different
paths to that you could call explainer journalism. Although that always feels like a little pat. Yeah. You know
what I mean? Like the name is gimmicky. Yeah. Yeah. Like the BBC used to have a series called like explainer and
it was like explainer colon what's going on in Lebanon. And it was like the most simple like Wikipedia
timeline. It's like a Google result. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And, and like that was explainer. It was like a
boiled down like computer generated, but like in 2010 and it doesn't, it doesn't enlighten you. Yeah.
That's where I feel like, and so what you're describing is an impulse that I have too, which
is like a desire to explain, but like the deeper thing I think is like to give people the full story
or at least a D a bigger version of the story that allows whatever the event is happening right
now to make sense in the context. And, and therefore that the, the event right now, the headline that
you're hearing about actually like makes sense. And it sinks in as like a real thing that, that
happened and it has a, it has a before. Do you ever read this book ghost wars by Steve call?
Yeah, of course. Yeah. Great book. That is the book that made me want to really made me like
understand the kind of work that I wanted to do before I read that. I was like, I want to be in media,
but I'm not really sure what I'm trying to accomplish with it. Yeah. And for people don't
know, this is a book about like the entirety of the history of Afghanistan leading up to
the Taliban, Al Qaeda, nine 11, the American invasion of Afghanistan is basically like,
how did all of these global forces come together for this to happen? And we're reading that book
and it talking about like religious fundamentalists in the Gulf States and political turmoil in
Pakistan and the cold war and all of these things that came together to like put this
little country in the middle of Asia on this path that ended up being the center of the world
basically. And having this moment of being like, I get it now. Like I had been reading about
Afghanistan in the news for years, just like as a news consumer, but I didn't like, why is this
happening here? Like, what is the deal with this place? And having this moment of like the pieces
click together and it feels so satisfying and it feels so empowering. And I loved that moment so
much. I was like, I want to do this for other people like forever. Yes. Basically. And I think
that both because it like, it feels really good. And it's just, I think it's especially when people
feel like scared or upset about the world. That's like, those are the moments when I really thought
the most of it. Like, why am I doing this? What is my purpose here? That I feel like that's when it's
the most important. Yeah. Just because it gives us the tools to understand like what's happening to
us and around us. So we feel like we can navigate it as an individual. It feels really empowering.
Dan, that's cool. That's, it's cool to hear that you had that impulse to like create this Steve
called empowering, enlightenment, understanding, the feeling of understanding early on. And like
you felt it and then you wanted to create it. I feel like my, my sort of intuition around this,
it also comes from that same thing. It comes from like a, I wish someone had explained it like this.
Totally.
So I'm going to construct something in a way that makes sense for me. And it turns out that like a
lot of people secretly want to understand the world in that way. And yet I always had such a
problem with traditional forms of explaining things, both in school textbooks and in journalism,
because it always felt like there was something I didn't know. Like, like they, like they say all
these words and they just, and there's such a presumptuous voice.
It's like there's a big hole in the middle of the story.
Yeah. And it's like, is no one acknowledging it? It must be a me problem.
Right. Right. Is what I thought for a lot of years is like, oh, everyone knows what Sunni and
Shia are in terms of like the difference in the Middle East.
And why there's the conflict there. It's like, I forgot to read that article that explained that.
Everyone knows though, because they're saying it so nonchalantly that like everyone must know.
And, and the truth is they don't know.
They don't know.
They don't. They don't actually know.
It's so funny that you mentioned Sunni and Shia specifically. That was actually the moment,
like the radicalizing moment for me. It was at the Washington Post,
Syrian civil war was happening. And I was reading all of these stories about like,
quote unquote, why it broke out or like why there are these like fighting between Sunni and Shia or
these different groups or like, why is the country fissuring along certain lines?
And I like would talk to the reporters too, because they were my colleagues. It'd be like,
hey, I'm going to write something about this. Like, it didn't really seem like you had space to
address this. So like, what's going on with this religious conflict? And I would realize that they
were incredibly skilled and talented at this very important work of gathering facts and like telling
me what was going on in that moment. But that is a different set of skills from understanding
deeply. Why are things happening the way that they are? Like, what is the hole in the middle of
the story of like, and often didn't even think to ask that question. And like wanting to go out and
be like, well, like, let me actually try to understand in like a deep way. Like,
why did this country out of all countries break out into this war out of all wars? And it turns
out that there's a good reason that people don't answer that question. Right. There's a real
explanation. It's also a good reason people don't answer that news articles. It's hard to figure that
out. It's a lot of work. And then it's hard. Like once you gain understanding to then communicate
that to people in a format that is short and clear and that a million people can engage with,
that's the next difficult thing, which is why I love visuals and why I love animation. Because
animation is this like fourth dimension of understanding where you can use, you can use a
grid, you can use colors, you can use motion, you can use sound and music to teach.
Was there a moment that you felt like you saw that power that visuals had in storytelling and like
explanatory power? For me, it, it started actually when I was like an elementary school
student. Really? Because I'm super dyslexic. Okay. And so reading was always so difficult for me.
Oh, I see. And so I, I would go through sort of the traditional linear forms of learning,
which were always based on, you know, memorizing names and dates and regions and kind of like,
it's a, it's a very sort of taxonomy, like labels are the important thing. If you can remember
the labels and you can repeat the string of words, then that's smart. I was always so bad at that.
I needed to understand it like in my belly or I wouldn't understand it at all. And the only way
for me to do that was to visualize it. And so starting really young, I would ask to do like
video projects to like reenact something or to make a video about it. And that the act of making
something so that I knew someone would have to watch and understand was, was like, that was my
beginning of my training. I didn't even know it. And that continued into college of studying
IR and a ton of econ, like it, like it was basically an econ major. And so I did all these graphs and
all these graphs. And I started to just design the graphs. Like I learned, I taught myself like
Adobe Illustrator and started to redesign all the graphs and try to understand like, why does it
slope down like this? And like making it beautiful and like just expressing it visually was a tool for
me, not for anyone else's consumption other than like my own or a teacher. So that was sort of the
basis of it. And so it wasn't even just that you were a visual learner. It was that in order to get
the things that you had in your head that you knew what you understood for yourself to convey them to
other people. Yes. It had, I had to process it through the nonlinear process of visualizing
things. And, and so in college I was, I wanted to be in the foreign service. I wanted to be a
diplomat. Like I was very into like international things, but I was like always leaning on video,
both as like an artistic passion. I liked the aesthetic of, of like being able to make pictures
move and photograph things. But then when I learned about animation and graphic design,
that helped me unlock curiosity and then maps. That's why maps are such a huge part of my life
is because they are the ultimate, like, if you want to understand something visually,
like a map's a fantastic way where you actually have people and politics and space that you can
then like draw things on. I feel like you really unlocked map guy, gender inclusive as an identity
for people. Like people were out there and knew that they loved maps, but I feel like now people know
that like, no, you can be a map guy, gender inclusive as like who you are in your heart. And
like, I didn't realize that about myself until you and I were working together. Are you a map guy?
I am now. Thanks. Thanks to you. I love maps. So that, that brings us to Vox 2015, Syrian civil
war. Once again, I was learning how to be a journalist and kind of being torn apart. Like,
to be honest, like I was hired as an animator. Everyone was whip smart. I'd never published
anything to anyone other than just like small little things for think tanks. And I'm like,
I want to write scripts and like report on things. And you all were like, these scripts are really
thin. And you like taught me how to like actually beef up scripts. And I was always good at explaining
and storytelling. Right. But I didn't have the, like, really make this thing rigorously reported.
So I got a lot of training for you. And one of the big moments, like a real life changing moment
for me was you and I were both feeling the same impulse that now I understand was like a thing
that you had felt for many years. Syrian civil war, what's going on? Everyone's asking this
question now because it was 2014, 2015. It's like a really coming to a head in a big way. The news
and even think of something that's happened since then where it was like, everybody was paying
attention to it and everybody was like, yeah, really wanted to understand it. And, and we were,
and I think we sent around on Slack, like a New York times, uh, article called like Syrian
civil war, Colin, who is fighting whom? And there wasn't whom. And we just like totally
like leaned in to just sitting on the times. Yeah. Um, and we're like, this explainer doesn't
do it. Like let's do what they tried to do. It's a list of facts, which is not an explanation.
And it's like, it's, and it's like trying to break it down with like bullet points. And
it's like, let's actually tell this story in six minutes. And so that is when I turned
to the map and started thinking about like these icons and you started writing an explanation.
And then we like came together and we, we developed this notion of like, what if we could give every
one of the players, uh, or the, the, the groups, their own icon, and we can load them up with
motivation and with stakes and put them in territory and we can summarize what they want
and where they are and the evolution of this thing in a single take, just a, just a map the
entire time. And everyone's moving around on the, on the board. And that we, we worked on that. It was
probably, you know, two, three weeks. You voiced it. Which felt like so long. Yeah. It felt like
really like two, three weeks and it was six minutes long back then. That was like our longest video.
Like no one's going to watch this. We had to get permission to make it six minutes.
Yeah. Cause we were doing like two minute explainers back then. You voiced it like under a blanket or
something. Cause we didn't have a VO booth. So you were just like under a blanket, you voiced it.
I animated it in like a few days and we put it out and like it went bananas. Bonkers.
A hundred million views on, on Facebook back when that was the, you know, pivot to video.
I was just actually thinking about that moment because, you know, I knew we were going to have
this conversation and we were going to talk about like, Oh, like how did the arc of my career,
like bring us back together again. And I was thinking about the fact that 10 years ago when we
made that, I, despite my like skepticism of the establishment media had become like, you know,
had spent years in it and become like kind of a creature of it. So in my mind,
my job as a journalist and the pinnacle of journalism was writing articles, writing like
thousand word articles that people would read on the internet. And there I was at Vox writing
articles about the Syrian civil war that would do like by our standards really well and get like
a hundred thousand reads or maybe even 200,000 reach, which was like, we couldn't believe we're
reaching that many people. And then I worked with you and we made a six minute video that reached
tens of millions of people. And I was like, well, that was a fun experiment, but I'm going to go back
to my real job now of writing articles, which is obviously like the pinnacle of the form. And
did that for another like five or six years before I was like, huh, that's interesting that I did one
version that reached this many people and another version that reached a trillion people more. And
also it's more fun to watch and it's more interesting. I wonder if there's something to that.
Wow. I love that. Yeah. You always had the sensibility around visuals, which I've recently learned it's
because you are a cinema. Like I, so I have no, as, as people will learn quickly, I have no technical
skills whatsoever, but I do love visual storytelling and movies, especially because it just uses all
the senses. It engages all of, we've never had an art form before that uses every other art form in
one. It's so cool. It's so cool. And there's so much power in it. If you choose to use it. I think
that's the big thing that I learned at Vox was most people, cause it was, there was a revolution
happening at that time that I was able to like sort of catch the wave on, which was everyone was
like, Oh, digital video, video journalism needs to be reinvented. And most outlets were pouring lots
of money on it, but they were just basically saying like, let's make pretty articles. Like let's make,
let's like write articles and then like pretty B roll. Right. And we were like, well, what if we engage
all the senses and make sure that the voice talks to the motion in the animation, which talks to the
B roll, which sets up the evidence for that. And like, we actually make it a choreographed
experience. And that was truly like the secret to this case. And that was a Joss Fong, like Joss
Fong, who was one of the founders of the box video team and my editor there, that was her whole thing
was like, make the voice and the visuals dance together. That's the most effective version.
And we, that's what we've built this whole thing off of is, is, is making explainers that really
tightly like leverage the power of visuals. Well, and we're at, I think a really exciting
moment for that because for the last hundred years, anything that like looks good in a movie
has been incredibly expensive to make. Like it would cost tens of millions of dollars to make like
a good looking frame that had interesting effects in it. And that like lighting that looked good.
And the fact that you were able to reproduce something that would have, you know, previously
required like years of fundraising to get the money for that you could do in like a few weeks, like
obviously a huge amount of that is the skill that you and the team bring to it, which is like not
something you reproduce. But we're also in a moment where it's possible for someone like our size to do
something that looks as good as a lot of movies look and has this special thing, which I think new press
is really built off of, which is it's, it is relatable and human. And even though it's, it's produced,
you still sense that like human flavor. It's like small enough that that is the ethic of the internet.
Like that is the reprieve that people, once they could express themselves and consume really
conversational, relatable things, we learned that everyone secretly wanted it. Right. But
because of the choke point, the bottlenecks of corporate like gatekeepers, like no one could
actually have access to that. And so I really believe that like this next era needs to continue
to push the form. And especially with AI, like the amount of like visual craziness that we'll be able
to do is just going to explode even more. Yeah. But how do we do that while also maintaining
this beautiful thing that like someone watches and says like, Oh, that's a real person with real
questions. They're earnest and I can relate to them. And, and, and therefore like I trust them and I want
to be a part of their inquiry. Right. That's a really important ingredient for me.
And it's something that, I mean, it obviously has its roots and kind of like
2000s era blogging and 2010s era blogging where you feel like, and I think that also is, it's been
forgotten because it was so long ago now, but I think a lot of that too is like a reaction to the
Iraq war and the financial crisis and a sense of like these big institutional outlets. Like,
I'm not sure I can trust them happening at the same time as the internet. Now I can access someone who
is, you know, even if it's just whoever, just a blogger on their site feels like a real person
who's like, they might not be perfect, but they're walking me through what they're thinking. They're
being transparent about it. They're not doing this institutional authority voice from nowhere view
from nowhere kind of thing. And I mean, I think when I think about like the first vloggers to really
capture that, like Hank Green, you know, it's someone who you just, you feel like you trust them
immediately because they're bringing you along on this journey. It's like, they don't necessarily
have the same resources, a huge institution. I do feel like we're at a point where that kind of like
the vlogger voice and the independent voice is something that it's part of the ecosystem now,
right? Like we all kind of get it. We all know what it is. It's part of all of our media diets,
but I think we are also all feeling some kind of a need for not the institutional weight of a big
media brand, but the sense that like, I can really trust what this person, outlet, newspaper,
whatever it is, is saying, because it feels really high stakes right now. And it feels really important
in a way that maybe it didn't, you know, 10 years ago. And I think there is a, an industry of
professional, artificial, um, authenticity that has been created. Like the influencer economy
has developed so well where now people can, if authenticity was a currency of trust with early
vloggers and bloggers, um, then it became effectively kind of like easy to fake. And now people can't
trust it. Authenticity. So, and yet I believe, especially in a world of AI that like the humanity
of journalism or of, of, of, of curiosity should always, will always, should always shine through.
And so there needs to be a balance of institutional credibility and human authenticity. And that I
think new press, like new press is Cree. It's like two sides of it. It's, it is creator driven.
Meaning the reason why we have Sam's channel, Kristoff's channel, and the channel that you're
launching is creator driven because we do believe that like you, the journalism would be better if
it's driven by your curiosity and people will relate to it. But then we, the reason we're tied
together under this umbrella called new press is because we want that to also signal trust and say
like, Hey, we are very transparent about the fact that we're trying to do something really rigorous
here. You can trust us and we'll earn that trust. We'll earn it. But then if, if you trust new press,
because you've spent a lot of time with me or with Sam, people will hopefully do like,
that's what brands are good for is reducing uncertainty. So they'll look at your channel
and they'll be like, okay, if he's the fourth channel in this thing, and I've trusted the other
three, my uncertainty is right. You don't have to spend a year like sort of producing that trust.
Yeah. And I think that that is the power. And the thing that people want is like to be able to
offload some of that uncertainty to a brand, but the brands that have that are kind of like,
or had that traditionally are now like they, they aren't trusted. And so like, we, we have to build
that up again. You know, what excites me about this moment in media amid all of the, you know,
economic and industry trends that are scary is that I feel like it's a moment where audiences really
want to come along for the human element of it. And they want to come along for exploring the news,
for what it means in a human level. They want the authenticity of a relationship with the creator,
with the person that they're following, but they also really want to come along with the rigor of
how do we know what we know? Yeah. And why do we, why do we think this? Yeah. Yeah. You know,
what led us to believe this piece of information? And there's a sense of, you know, maybe it's,
it's years of, I think being on social media and seeing the way that like the Arab spring unfolded
and seeing that you can follow along a story in real time in the internet to understand what's
happening, but also knowing that social media as a decentralized mass really can't always be
trusted and the algorithms will lead you in weird directions. And who knows what that thing is that
went viral that I saw. And I think there's a sense of like, I want someone who I can trust,
who I have a human relationship who will walk me through what's happening. And I want to come
along on that journey and I want to be engaged in it. And I think that that is a really unique moment,
honestly, in people's relationship to media. Yeah. It's, it's exciting. And we're going to figure
out if it, if it works for the next few years, like we'll see. So let's get to your show. Cause I do
want to hear about like how that fits into like our bundle of different shows at New Press and like
how you're thinking about it in the context of this conversation. Um, you went from Vox to the
New York times. I remember we went to some restaurant and you told me you're going to
the New York times and you were like, I'm leaving. And I was like, Oh shit. Um, and then you wrote a
book, the chaos machine, which is an amazing deep dive into the rise of algorithms. I loved that book.
Um, you have been at Crooked doing a couple of podcast shows and now you are here. You were
launching a show. The show is called the bigger picture with Max Fisher and it is conceived by you
as, as like the New Press ethos is, is like, it's a creator driven thing. I want to hear now that I
understand a little bit about like your, your heritage in curiosity and explainer stuff, why this
show and what, what, like, what is this going to be in terms of your expression of like all of your
experience now and what you want to see in media right now? I mean, look, the truth is it's a scary
time. It is a scary time in our world. I don't think that that's a partisan statement. I think
that if you look at like opinion polls, that's a, an opinion that people hold truly across the
spectrum. I find reading the news distressing. I also feel like I have to read the news because you
have to know what's going on. You have to understand what's happening. And I hate feeling
caught in that. I hate feeling like I have to keep up with what's happening because maybe it's
going to burst through the door tomorrow, but it's also, you know, it upsets me. It confuses me.
I don't understand where our world is going, where this country is going. And partly his response to
that and feeling like, you know, I spent the last few years because I kind of, I got disaffected
being mainstream media. It's also, it was just like, again, it's distressing to read the newspaper
all the time. I thought I want to have more of a relationship with my readers, listeners,
viewers, whatever. And that was why I turned to podcasting because it's, there's more human
relationship during the pandemic. It was a time we were all feeling isolated. It does feel like
it's a time when just in order to like get through the day, we need to understand what's going on in
the world around us. So that was a lot of what made it feel appealing and kind of important to me to
have a show that would, the idea is we'll ask a question with every episode, something that feels
urgent, that's, you know, happening in the world. Why is it so hard to get a job right now? Why do
people on ice wear masks? Why is housing so expensive? Why is my electricity bill going up?
Not all of it's going to be bad. It's also going to be, I want to do one on why does dating feel so
weird now? Or like, why do I hate dating all of a sudden? And then try to answer those questions in a way
that will take people on a journey and feel surprising. And the idea of in the name of the
show, the bigger picture is that we'll start with some question that will be about something discreet.
Why are people on ice wearing masks? And then following that journey, we'll start to see how
it connects to all of these different things that maybe we're also curious about, or maybe we haven't
even thought about, about how the law is changing, about what's going on with immigration, about, you know,
what is Donald Trump up to? And the idea is that it will be a journey that is visually interesting,
that is fun to go along on, or at least engage along on, that will have twists and turns. And
then at the end of it, you will feel a better sense of like, I get it. I have a sense of agency over
what's happening. I feel a better sense of like, being able to navigate this world, because I have
like, a sense for what's going on and why. Also, a lot of it was just like, you were saying, I'm a
big movie guy. I love visual storytelling. I never thought that I would have the opportunity to do
primarily visual storytelling, because I don't have those technical skills. So it felt like absolute
serendipity. When you reached out to me, I don't know, it was a year ago, at this point, something
like that. And we're like, we're doing this thing, and we'd love to have you come along. Like, I never even
would have entertained the possibility. But getting to plug in to your team, which does such like,
incredible work, is really exciting. And the idea of getting to find ways to tell these stories that
will feel like surprising and interesting to people. Cool. I love that. That's really fun to
hear. And I can't wait to see the show take off. It's a cool thing to be at the company, like to lead
the company that is producing this show. But because it's led by you, it is your thing, like
your cinematic inspirations are making it into the art direction. I love being also an audience
member. Like, I love like witnessing it come to life and also helping it and like supporting it
where I can. But like, that's what I feel about Christoph's show, Sam's show, like, it is fun to be
surrounded by other people who are doing this work. And what I find is that each of us have our
own way of answering questions. And the answer to the question is cool. But it's actually the journey
the like, everyone has their circuitous little like, way of processing information through that
actually is the juicier, like Sam's diagrammatic approach to, to geopolitics and to like sports
is a way that I don't think I don't think like that. And his curiosity expresses differently
than Christoph's, which expresses differently than yours. And so I think that journey thing
as a viewer, as like a consumer, I deeply value being able to like, see how your brain
paths process things and doing that out loud. It imbues trust, but it also makes me process
questions differently.
Yeah.
And that's what I'm excited about with this show is like seeing you do that out loud.
Can I tease one of the episodes to speak to that?
So I'm not going to give away what the episode is about, but just the way that it is going to
start is actually a reflection of something that would like actually happen to me because I wanted
to reproduce part of the experience of B discovering this thing. I was looking at pictures of the
skylines of different cities, these skylines of these like Asian mega cities, you know, Beijing,
Shanghai, Kuala Lumpur. I was looking at how new they looked. And then I looked at a bunch of
different skylines over time, like photos of like Rio de Janeiro, Mexico City going back like 50
years. And if you look at it, like every 10 years, the skyline looks different. Like you see
it growing, you see getting taller, the buildings look new, it expands outward. And then I looked
at the skylines of American cities and they did the same thing up until like 1960. And they just
stopped. It's completely frozen place. And it's crazy because you can see that there was a time
when they were like growing really quickly. And it's not like these are like some forgotten old
world cities. Like these are like New York, Chicago, these are really vibrant growing cities.
But the, and if you look at the skylines now, you'll be like, oh wait, all of these buildings
are like from the 1890s. That's frozen in time. And that was, and I won't give away the videos about,
but that was something that like unlocked for me a question that I had been like, kind of,
it's like one of the 20, you know, you're always like researching 20 different things and like,
maybe it yields something and maybe it doesn't. That's when I was like, this is the answer to a
question I have been asking for myself for a while. And I'm really excited to show people
me going on that journey and like, not just see the different skylines, but like how that led me
to a fun or like an interesting realization about things that affect all of us.
And you can do that because the channel is your, the canvas of your own curiosity. And like
our whole theory with this different media model is that like, instead of the brand being number one
and all of the voices under the brand having to conform with the brand's guidelines, like a normal
sort of assignment based model, we're flipping that into a place where the creator's voice is the
number one thing. And then the brand guidelines are there and they're present and there's standards,
but they are not, they don't impose stylistic strictures and, and so that you can have your
skyline moment. Right. And I can have my like, whatever going, looking for bunkers in the Swiss
Alps, like with Doritos, with Doritos and chopsticks to eat my Doritos because, you know, I can't get
that dust on my fingers. Yeah. So it's just like our quirky minds do much better work when I believe
when they can explore, at least they, they do work of the kind that you mentioned, which is
the explanatory, trying to process information. I think the fact-based going out, gathering the facts,
that is something that the traditional institutions do. They have bureaus all over the world. They can do
that. It's so valuable. I never want to like undermine that. Our work is made possible because of that.
But for the work that I think the world needs a lot more of curiosity and understanding,
I believe that it's best done in a world where you can nerd out about skylines.
Let me ask you something. You are very much the person you present yourself to be in your videos.
Like you are, you are Johnny Harris. YouTube is like also the real Johnny Harris. Is that,
is that something you have to make an effort to do? Do you know what I mean? Are you thinking about
like, how do I communicate who I am? No, no, no, no, no. It's it, the moment, even at Vox,
I was able to be kind of my weird wild self. Like they let me, and that's the reason I was able to
thrive there because they let me. It's why when the New York Times tried to hire me after that
Civil War video, I was like, no, like I, it's the New York Times, but I, I would be stifled. Like
I wouldn't be able to do my thing. Cause it, for me, I don't know how to do it any other way.
And I tried to pull for that and tried to like help push along. Cause I thought it would have been
so exciting to work together again, but man, you made the right choice. Yeah. Yeah. And for me,
it was not even a, it wasn't even an option because I've always needed to be able to process
in kind of a nonlinear chaotic way. Yeah. That was really, it was really hard to conform
to anything else. So yeah, this is me. Um, I'm obviously like a, you know, like a version
of myself on camera that, that is not the full me, but it is a big part of who I am in terms
of a kind of chaotic and very curious person doesn't like to do the same thing twice or in
the same way, like to do it differently every time. And the fact that YouTube exists to allow
me to do that and to like then match, make me to, to, to people want to watch that. Like
that's a beautiful thing. It's like the theory of why I'm able to do this work at all. Otherwise
like I, this is, this would not be my job. I wouldn't be able to do this job if I was born
in like the sixties or something. I, it's true. Yeah. I would never, I had separations
about going onto YouTube. It's like, uh, you know, I've written on reported on the company
and people can see what I have said about it. Um, the fact that you are able to do what you're
doing on it, I think is the thing that like gives me faith that like, okay, it's like, you've
got the algorithm and that's, you know, there's always, there's always a boss, you know, and I
was working for a newspaper, there were bosses of the newspaper and it's like, now the boss is the
algorithm. And that's always a set of constraints that you have to work in. Right. Like that's not
a conspiracy theory. Um, but the fact that you were able to do it and it's like, you can see it,
it's rigor, it's real journalism. Yeah. It's rigorous journalism. People want it. And when we do hour
long videos, people show up, like there is a lot of people who want this and the algorithm is
effectively a reflection of human psychology, like for better words, but like, sure. It does
give people what they want to see. And if people want, there, there are a lot of people, it turns
out who want rigorous, deep explanations of what is happening in the world. Yeah. And that gives me a
lot of hope. It gives me a lot of hope. And it gives me a lot of hope that this platform that's,
that's off the algorithm track can be a space where we can bring like the people who want to do that
in a big way over to have even more intimate and like beautiful learning experiences because they're out
there and they're thirsty for this. Right. And, and that gives me a lot of hope, even in spite of
all of the polarizing realities of social media. People are sick of it. People are sick of, I mean,
they're, you know, there will always be like intense partisans, whatever, but I really think that
as much as these, so many of these huge platforms are priming people for like ultra partisanship
and tribalism and conspiracy theories, distrust, like I, nobody likes that, you know? Yeah.
We're going to get tired of like the outrage button always being pressed. Absolutely. Yeah. And I think
that like, and look, I'm susceptible to it too. I'm not going to claim that I am immune to it,
but like nobody feels good after that. And like, you feel good and nourished after something that
feels like enriching and informative. Yeah, totally. Max Fisher is launching the bigger picture now.
I'm very excited to have you in the family and back together and we're going to build this thing
together and, um, I'm, I'm rooting for your channel and here to support it. I am absolutely
terrified. This is a big, a big jump, but, um, I'm really excited. Cool. And I'm very grateful to
be here. And thank you everyone watching as supporters of new press. Um, let us know what
you want more of like to hear about what questions you have. Uh, we deeply appreciate your support and
we will see you in the next one. That's a, that's a wrap. Great sign out.
