This place, the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
One of the most complex, longest-running conflicts in the world, and you're probably not hearing
about it much on the news, but it is important, and it is connected to the entire world.
It's a war where the front lines are always changing.
There's militias, hundreds of them.
They control little patches of territory.
Let me show you the one map that got me deep into this story.
It looks like this.
All of these are the groups, the many, many different groups, armed groups, and this is
the territory they control, or controlled.
This map is totally outdated, because every day it shifts.
These groups blob together, they break apart, they join alliances with the National Army,
and then with the rebels.
This is a war that is funded by minerals, by roadblocks, by illegal taxes, extortion.
And in February 2025, the logic of this war reached Washington, D.C.
The president of the Congo is offering Congo's vast minerals in exchange for military support
to push back Rwanda-backed rebels.
These are the kinds of deals Donald Trump loves, and the U.S. is moving forward with what it
calls a path forward for a deal.
But this video is not about that.
That will be on the news, and we'll see where it goes.
To me, what's much more interesting is what is going on here?
How did it get to look like this?
This patchwork of all these different groups?
Where is the government in all of this?
Well, it turns out the government is actually a part of all of this.
This isn't just about minerals.
It's not just about rebels.
It's about power.
How power is extracted and sold and traded in a space where a central government does not
control or have a monopoly on violence, like in most countries.
And it's all happening in this country that is much bigger than you think.
At least it was much bigger than I thought.
Congo is a continent of a country.
It's as large as all of Western Europe combined.
Congo is home to tens of trillions of dollars of untapped mineral resources.
I mean, we cover a lot of wars on this channel, but this one's different.
If you watch our videos, you see a lot of maps with icons.
This group versus that group.
Sometimes it's like four different groups.
Sometimes it gets really complex.
We make icons to represent these different groups.
But for this one, we can't really do that.
And I wanted to understand why.
There's something about the nature of modern conflict we're describing that is not what
most people are probably familiar with.
They see maps where Ukraine is versus Russia or Hamas is versus Israel.
And what we see here is a much more fractal kinds of conflict, which is actually much more
common than those conflicts I just said.
That's Jason Stearns.
He's like world expert on this topic.
And he will help us navigate this very complicated, difficult to understand conflict.
So let's dive into this conflict, the context, the background, and how it got to look like
this, how it's lasted decades, how it's reshaped itself over and over again, and how the sides
aren't trying to take over the country.
They're just trying to extract value from it.
And it turns out that war can be very valuable, especially when you add to the equation what's
beneath the ground and the power that comes with controlling people and land and movement.
Now, the roots of the story, of course, start with Europeans carving up Africa.
We covered that pretty extensively in our How Europe Stole the World series.
So if you want a deep dive, go there.
But why don't we start here?
This image that we've sort of doctored up to make it a little bit more immersive, this
is European leaders inventing countries in Africa in the late 1800s, carving up this map,
looking for resources.
And the Congo was one of the many inventions of Europeans.
Congo was created actually as the private fiefdom of a Belgian king in 1885.
And so the whole purpose of the Congolese state was always to extract from the local population.
It was never to create a government or a state that provides public services or public goods,
including security.
The Belgians mapped it and discovered just how many valuable resources the place had.
The most valuable at the time was rubber.
And it led to one of the most brutal colonial exploitation campaigns in history.
It's got an enormous amount of natural resources.
Congo is geological scandal, is what Congolese call it.
It's the largest producer of copper in Africa.
It's the largest producer of cobalts.
It's one of the largest producers of diamonds, tungsten, tantalum, tin.
You go down the list, they have it.
The uranium used for Hiroshima and Nagasaki came from the Congo.
A lot of Belgium's wealth came from Congo's mines.
Again, go watch part three of that series if you want a deeper dive.
So the most important part of this section of the story
is that Belgium didn't build a country out of Congo.
They built a pipeline for resources to Europe.
The roads and railways led from mines and plantations to ports, not between cities.
It created ethnic groups and tribal identities and then played them off each other
so that they could conquer them.
But also, in the process, sowing the seeds for future conflict and division.
That deep history really is important understanding where we are today
because a lot of the habits and the trends and the logics of the state sort of persist until today.
Some of the structural issues that Congo is still facing,
moving from bad governance, destructured army, lack of a sustainable policy.
That is actually where we can situate some of these trends.
Hey, real quick, let me tell you about threat protection
and these new tools coming out of NordVPN, who is the sponsor of today's video.
I'm very grateful that they sponsor our journalism.
I started using a VPN, like, years ago now.
Originally, when I would travel, I would connect to the internet via the United States,
which is what a VPN allows you to do.
And for a lot of years, that was the big perk.
Like, I wouldn't get kicked out of my Gmail or something if I was in another country
with some, like, security two-factor death loop.
But since then, Nord has become a much more useful tool.
I've recently been learning how vulnerable we all can be
when we are surfing the internet on public Wi-Fi,
like when I'm in a coffee shop or a hotel or whatever.
When you're connected to Nord, your internet traffic is secure.
It's encrypted.
It's one of many perks you get as a part of their threat protection suite of tools.
This blocks malware and phishing attempts, annoying ads.
It generally makes being on the internet safer,
which, like, cyber attacks are getting weirdly sophisticated.
So I feel good when I'm connected to NordVPN.
And it just happens in the background.
Like, it's not like I don't have to, like, type anything in.
It just is in the background.
It doesn't mess with my speed.
Oh, and I can watch streaming shows from other countries
when I connect to other countries, which is kind of sick.
Anyway, so I'm a big fan of NordVPN.
It's really affordable.
And they're giving a discount to anyone who uses the link in my description.
It is nordvpn.com slash johnnyharris.
When you sign up for the two-year plan, you get four extra months for free.
And there's a 30-day money-back guarantee.
So you can get all your money back if it's not a good fit for you.
So nordvpn.com slash johnnyharris.
Clicking the link helps support the channel.
It gets you in on that discount.
Thank you, NordVPN, for sponsoring today's video.
And with that, let's get back to the DRC.
Let's now fast forward to modern day, where the Democratic Republic of the Congo is an independent
country.
It's one that is shaped by a lot of conflict, especially in the 90s.
It's also shaped by what happened next door in the 90s, in Rwanda, where a civil war and
genocide led to the fleeing of millions into the Congo.
Some of them gathered together as anti-Rwanda rebel groups, all of this leading to what became
known as the Great War of Africa.
Okay, again, we're not going to get into Africa's world war.
It's a huge thing.
But just look at the map of this war.
It did turn into a complex web of actors, some allying with the Congolese government,
some being backed by foreign governments.
I mean, there was a lot of players in this war.
But it's still not this, this fractured group that we're eventually going to explain.
The big difference is that the goal for these groups during the big war in the 90s was to
win, was to take over the government, winning power of the state.
I mean, that's how most civil wars are.
One side wants to take over the government.
Okay, but here's something you don't see on this map.
And it's very important for how we get to the fractured group.
There are actually tons of small militias in a bunch of different villages in this region.
Over the years, a lot of small self-defense forces formed, militias that were meant to
protect villages in the absence of a functioning state.
There were self-defense groups that had emerged in part because the state had collapsed.
Again, these aren't rebel groups.
These aren't political groups.
These are just people trying to protect their community.
They're like their local police force.
So keep that in mind, the self-defense forces that each community has, they will become
important in just a second.
This big war ends in 2003 and all the different groups come to a peace deal.
There's elections, democracy tries to sprout, and it fails.
After one of the groups loses in elections, they flee to the east and form a new rebellion,
widely believed to be backed by Rwanda.
So it's like the early 2000s and the DRC is headed towards another full-blown civil war.
Now, the Congolese government at that point was a weak government.
It had just emerged out of a war.
Its army was hodgepodge of different armed groups thrown into one joint army.
And so they really didn't have much of an army to push back against this new rebellion.
This moment is crucial for understanding what happens next.
You got the rebels.
You got the DRC government that is super weak.
They don't have a super cohesive army.
So who do they turn to but these dozens and dozens of small community self-defense militias,
the ones I was talking about earlier, like local police force for these communities.
They turn to them.
They say, your fighters help us counter this rebellion.
We will give you weapons and support.
In addition to our army, let's just pump weapons and ammunition into all of these local
militia in the eastern Congo.
So the state funnels weapons into the eastern DRC to help them fight back the rebels.
And in the short term, it kind of worked.
The Congolese government achieved what it wanted to, halting the advance of the rebels.
And eventually, in 2009, this kind of re-emergence of a civil war was ended in a peace deal that
was brokered by Rwanda.
But remember all the guns and ammunition that the government sent to the small defense forces?
Yeah, that's still there.
A flush with weapons, mostly old Soviet-era weapons, so Kalashnikovs.
These groups are now more armed and more hardened by war.
And these small defense militias now see an opportunity for more power and for growth.
The big reason of why there's so many and why they're so prevalent is because of a lack of kind
of a security footprint from the Congolese state.
It's kind of like the Wild West out in eastern Congo that if you want to provide security,
it's got to be on a village-by-village basis, which is how these are all kind of springing up.
Moving around some of the very remote villages, farmers were still not aware that former
president Kabila had died.
There is a sort of disconnection from locals, especially in remote areas, to peri-urban and
urban centers.
And so here we are at the explanation of why we have so many armed groups in the eastern
Congo.
But do you see how this is different than the typical civil war that we cover on the channel
and that you usually think about when you think about a civil war?
This isn't as political.
These are now a hundred different armed groups spread over an area roughly the size of California,
whose goal is not to take the state.
They're too weak to take the state.
Their goal is basically just to survive and to extract whatever resources they can extract,
a generation of fighters who all they know how to do is fight.
When you have absence of states, people will refer to them as their protectors.
War becomes a mean of survival, becomes a mean of dignity.
That's the origin of this fragmentation.
Congo's really kind of got this rainbow of individuals here as far as what group looks
like what.
They'll come across very professionally, you know, camouflage and full fatigues, well-equipped.
And then in contrast, you'll see some of these groups.
They're obviously much poorer equipped.
I mean, these guys aren't running around in fatigues, but they have, you know, rain boots
and soccer jerseys on and just carrying around beat-up AK.
So this gets us closer to what it looks like today and why this war continues.
There's no front line.
There's no single enemy.
So the question is, what do these groups want?
What is their goal?
Almost every single armed group, if you go and talk to them in the Eastern Congo, they'll
say, we're here to protect our people.
But if you go and talk to those people, they'll tell you, well, that's how they started off
as.
And yes, those are our sons and our nephews and whatnot.
But now these guys are not here to protect us.
Almost every single armed group, almost by necessity, because they need to feed themselves,
they recruit, sometimes forcefully.
They extract, they tax, and they become predatory.
And so you have this transition from local self-protection groups really to extract to
these groups.
Everyone keeps saying that they tax people.
Taxing is what a government does to its people to run the government.
So what do they mean by tax?
Well, this takes us back to the resources and the minerals that lie beneath Congo soil.
You got some diamonds, not a ton, but it's mostly tungsten, tantalum, tin, and perhaps
most valuable and abundant in these mines, gold.
We're making a whole video about gold.
Just gold, everything gold, because in researching this piece and reporting out the global supply
chain and trade of gold, I became endlessly fascinated with this stuff.
Much like everyone in history, gold is this insanely magical, weird, crazy thing, and we're
making a whole video about it.
So expect that some time in coming months.
Okay, but before we go any further, let's clear something up.
Because the way that this is reported, all the conflict in Eastern Congo, the way that
it's usually reported by media outlets is blood, gold, conflict, minerals.
There's a conflict in Congo, and it's all about minerals.
As you will see, that is a part of the story.
But it is not the whole thing.
It goes far beyond minerals.
That is part of the motives.
But it does not justify or explain the overall scope around armed groups, militia, or self-defense
initiatives, implementation.
These groups will tax anything they can.
Cattle, charcoal, cassava, market stalls, dumb guy on a motorbike.
And as one report was titled, everything that moves will be taxed.
Whoever is perceived as a protector, meaning an authority, then they are rightful to perceive
or to fix, put in place taxation.
Recently, we noticed that some armed groups were now easily collecting taxes like nobody
could have thought of an armed group delivering a building license.
Yet it is happening now.
And I will show you what those taxes look like in just a sec.
But let's get back to gold, because even though gold isn't the root or the main driver
of the conflict, it is a huge part of how the war economy works, how these groups are
funded, and how this stuff is connected to the global economy.
So all these dots, look at all of these dots.
Every one of these dots represents a gold mine.
This is very difficult data to get your hands on.
And the International Peace Information Service are the group that collected this.
They do incredible work and have generously helped us in providing their data and expertise
for this story.
I would not be able to tell this story without those on the ground collecting data.
Okay, so you've got all these gold mines, but look what happens next.
These are the armed groups that we talked about, the ones that started as self-defense
groups and then got a bunch of weapons and ammunition from the government to help stave
off the rebels and now use that firepower to make money off of a lot of things, including,
as we see on this map, gold mines.
It's the perfect economy for the mafia, really, right?
What does the mafia provide?
The mafia provides two things.
The mafia provides financing.
It has good access to huge amounts of money and it provides protection.
And for something like gold, what you have, if you're a gold digger in the Eastern Congo
and you have 50 grams of gold to sell, that's an enormous amount of money in the middle of
nowhere.
And so you need protection and you need somebody to buy it.
You need financing and so these are very easily militarized sectors.
So let's get really specific now so we can see what this looks like.
Let's zoom into one of these mines so I can show you how these local turf wars work, how
this war economy works, how this gold flows from a hill in Eastern Congo to the international
markets.
And along the way, we'll see how all these armed groups and the government have built
some version of violent order, half war, half cooperation, all happening in a space where
the government is at once totally absent, but also, as you'll see, very present, but in
a way that you might not think.
You have millions of people digging for tin, tungsten, and mostly gold, actually.
This is a pit mine or artisanal mine.
This is thousands of young men digging in hillsides, sometimes in terrible conditions,
in lots of different pits.
They're all, they're dotting mostly very remote hillsides in the Eastern Congo.
They work in these harsh conditions, often with little more than shovels, pans, sometimes
bare hands pulling gold from the soil.
These are fairly militarized pits.
You'll find soldiers.
They'll provide, quote unquote, protection and security in exchange for payments.
This is unrefined gold.
So it's extracted, maybe it's powder or flakes or a small nugget, and then it starts its journey
towards the city.
But this journey will cross through the territory of dozens of different groups.
Roadblocks are one feature of the landscape of the Congo, and there are thousands of them.
Roadblocks are everything.
So one of these armed groups has a roadblock, and they demand a cut from anyone transporting
minerals.
If you know the system well and you're well connected, you have relationships, that will
help you with these transactions.
Ensure that they don't get violent.
Go into a little hut and you give them what is expected.
There'll be some negotiating back and forth, but you pretty much know what you're going to
have to settle for.
They'll get some of them.
Now, again, I want to emphasize this doesn't just happen for gold.
You can be stopped for anything.
You can be stopped for carrying cattle.
You may have to pay just to move through the checkpoint.
Again, everything that moves will be taxed.
There could be 50 or 60 of these roadblocks before you get to a major city.
A motorcycle could be taxed a few bucks to pass.
If you're a big truck, maybe you're taxed $700 for a single checkpoint.
And according to the people we talked to, a lot of these transactions happen without violence.
It's the threat of violence that keeps the order going out here where there is no government.
Wait a minute.
But look, that is a soldier.
That is an official Congolese military soldier, like from the government military.
And this is where it starts to get even more kind of mind bending on our normal boxes and
categories and frameworks for understanding conflict.
Turns out that the government military is very present out here.
They move around in this system.
They have roadblocks of their own.
And they end up behaving very similarly to these armed groups.
They set up checkpoints.
They extract illegal, informal taxes.
They'll pocket some of them or they will distribute them, not to the state coffers, but to their
network of alliances and relationships, which could include other armed groups or local police
or even commanders back in the capital who want in on all of this.
And again, what you start to see is a kind of quasi order where there is a equilibrium
of the tax rate.
The same that the Congolese government would impose if they were out here.
But now it's an armed group or a Congolese soldier that's sort of acting like an armed
group, but also technically works for the government, but doesn't get paid very much.
So they subsidize their pay by setting up a checkpoint to make more money.
Like you start to see that all of these power systems, none of them are strong enough to
command the whole state and to impose order.
And so they fracture and they all end up grabbing what they can.
So if you are a peasant in the Eastern Congo and your day-to-day job is farming cassava
and beans, two staple crops in the Eastern DRC, then you have to get them to market.
Chances are, if you take them to market, you're running to a roadblock manned by people with
guns.
You have to pay taxes to them.
If you don't pay taxes to them, they could get violent.
And so abuse and violence is part of day-to-day life.
Funerals are, I mean, it's a very social world.
And so it's rare that several months go by without there being a funeral.
And so death and violence are things that are just much more present.
So we're going to get back to our journey of gold from the mine to the global market.
But first, let me just drive this point home by going back to our map.
Remember, these are the dots that are gold mines.
These are the local armed groups.
And these dots are instances where between 2021 and 2023, the military of the Democratic
Republic of the Congo was reported to be interfering, which basically means showing up
with roadblocks or showing up to pit mines and threatening violence and demanding payment.
Not for the government, but for themselves and their alliances.
Again, thank you, IPIS, for this data.
Violence permeates life.
Most of the population knows nothing but war.
We grew up as children, kids who only knew violence and war.
Growing as a child, I think you don't actually perceive that as something that's appealed to
it.
And as I said, people somehow, some ways rationalize that as a way of living.
But at the same time, they know how to navigate these wars and these press.
They know how to deal with soldiers.
They know what the logic is of violence.
OK.
We're back to the truck that's driving.
It's passing through all of these checkpoints, these roadblocks.
Once you've made it through the checkpoints, maybe 60 of them.
So the gold makes it to the border and it's almost always smuggled across.
Gold is very small.
You can put it in your pocket and walk across the border.
They'll be walking across the border.
Sometimes that would be official border and they just hide that on their person.
And it mostly goes to either Rwanda or Uganda.
This is where it gets refined.
There's this one Belgian businessman who has been convicted of money laundering.
He's on the sanctions list for the US Treasury for contributing to armed conflicts and illicit
trade in the DRC region.
He owns one of Africa's largest gold refineries.
It's in Uganda and it processes a lot of this smuggled gold that comes from this conflict
region.
Uganda's gold exports were about a half a million dollars in 2014.
In 2023, not even 10 years later, they jumped to $2.3 billion.
A lot of that's coming from the war economy next door.
Global markets needs, at a lower cost, some of the minerals that can be found in Congo.
The multinationals have tested and saw it working to get what they needed out of Congo
through local armed groups rather than dealing directly with the central government.
And so they perpetrate that.
Same thing happens in Rwanda.
If the gold is smuggled across the border in Rwanda, it goes to a refinery that is owned and
operated by Rwanda's army.
And then once it's refined, it's put it on an airplane and it goes to Dubai.
We are now out of the checkpoints and artisanal mines and threats of violence and in the gleaming
city built off of oil, which is the epicenter of gold.
It's one of the world's major gold hubs.
Tax-free, strategically located here at the center of the globe, a huge amount of the gold, especially
coming from the DRC and a bunch of other regions in Africa, including a bunch that fund this
war economy, come to the United Arab Emirates, who doesn't ask very many questions.
Instead, they combine it with all the other gold.
It's washed clean of all of its conflict blood, and it's sold off to the world.
The origins disappear.
The corruption is polished away into a universally desired store of value, impossible to trace.
It goes into jewelry.
Some of it goes into industrial manufacturing.
Gold is still used for coding and electronics and other things.
And some of it's used for laundering money.
Buy gold and all of a sudden, you know, magic like magic, your dirty money becomes clean
money because it's gold now, right?
It's very opaque once it reaches Dubai.
This gold disappears, yeah, into Dubai, into Russia, again, into the EU to push for the minerals
and the resources that are in this region are absolutely massive.
And again, you know, it's everything for electric cars to satellites.
I mean, there's a lot of money involved in this and they're a massive exporter.
Okay, but let's get back to the Congo because I'm less interested in gold.
Although I'm really interested in gold and I make an entire video about it.
And I'm more interested in what keeps this system going.
This system of artisanal mines with soldiers, hundreds and hundreds of checkpoints, military
soldiers that work for the government, but also behave like armed militias that are extorting
people at every turn.
The threat of violence that breaks out and ends up destroying the lives of the local
people's at a moment's notice.
And I wanted to understand what keeps it going.
This system has been going on for decades, just like this.
It turns out that this eternal war economy produces a lot of value, mostly for the warlords
and power brokers and government officials that are in on it.
But also somewhat paradoxically, this provides a sense of, albeit violent, stability and security
for the people.
It brings a lot of money to the region.
You know, it's a double-edged sword.
It also provides enormous value to local societies.
Does it fuel violence?
Yes, absolutely.
I think that ambiguous nature of the mining sector is not something that many people have
been able to grapple with.
When, for example, under President Obama, they passed the Conflict Minerals Act in 2010,
it led to a temporary boycott of minerals in the Eastern Congo and it created an enormous
amount of hardship and resentment towards the United States by people digging in these mines.
So the war economy in the Eastern Congo is not going away anytime soon, especially because
recently, in addition to these local turf wars that is fueled by minerals and a global
gold trade, the regional proxy dynamics where outside countries start to meddle in bigger
ways are back in full force.
After a bloody invasion, M23 rebels now in full command in the city of Goma.
So Rwanda has invaded the Eastern Congo and backed armed groups in the Eastern Congo on
five occasions, right?
And so there's a pattern that goes back almost 30 years.
Rwanda considers the Eastern DRC as part of its sphere of influence, much like Israel
and southern Lebanon, much like Pakistan and southern Afghanistan.
Last week, the Rwandan government newspaper announced that $1.5 billion of gold had been
exported from Rwanda in 2024.
The entire Rwandan budget is $4 billion.
That is an enormous amount of money.
And it's difficult to say that doesn't play a role.
I am sure it plays some sort of a role.
So I think there's a bunch of different factors.
I think it will be misleading to boil it down to one factor.
The story of the Congo has been a dismembering and dilapidation of the state since it was first created.
The state was a predator when it was created by the colonial enterprise in 1885.
And it's remained so really since its creation.
These same communities are destructured because kids that are born within these communities,
they see this as a model.
That is the only model they have been exposed to.
And so long as you have a state that's really invested in violence,
I mean, the Congolese elites are also invested in violence for a whole host of different reasons.
As long as you have that, it's hard for me to see neighboring countries will continue to meddle.
Multinational corporations will continue to profit.
So I think really what you have is an ineluctable state, really.
You have to go back to the state that would be able to provide the most basic of goods, which is security.
And so I think it's really that's the foremost challenge for this generation.
It's really a generational challenge.
It's not something that can be fixed quickly.
And I think it will not come from outsiders.
I mean, from what I've seen in the Congo over almost three decades is those people are there.
They're ready to build. You just need to give them space to do that.
Hey everyone, thanks for watching.
This video was different in some ways because this is an area that is an information vacuum.
That's why I'm really grateful to our sources who helped us get insight into what's happening here.
If you have unique insight, whether local or professional or whatever, in this region or anywhere else that is an information vacuum,
I'd like to know about it because I want to report more on these parts of the world that are not paid attention to as much and are harder to report on because they are shrouded in conflict or are remote or difficult to understand or whatever.
That's something I'm very interested in.
So please leave comments, reach out, and thank you all for watching, for being here.
And I'm going to make this video on gold.
Like, what is your questions about gold?
Tell me everything you want to know about gold, its history, the chemical properties of gold, how it's used in medical treatments.
Like, gold is an endless rabbit hole that I plan to descend into.
And I'd love to know what you're curious about.
Okay, that's it. Thank you so much for being here and I'll see you in the next one.
