[    0.14s ->    30.12s] Hey guys, what's up in this video? I'm going to show you how to turn a trading view indicator into an options trading box that you can automate your trading based on specific entries. In this video, we're going over how to do this with the MACD indicator. So again, this works if you're trading credit spreads, selling puts, selling strangles, iron condors, whatever type of options trading you want to do. So let's dive in. The first thing we need to do is to define when we want to enter a trade. So this right here is the MACD indicator. I have it on the bottom of my chart. You can pull it up by going to end.
[   30.14s ->    60.12s] to indicators and typing in MACD, M-A-C-D. But basically what it does is it shows us the low points in the market. You can see here this blue line, which is the MACD line. When it crosses above the orange line, we tend to see the market kind of have a push up. You can see here, we pushed up here, we pushed up here, we pushed up here, all after these areas where the market drops. So what are we learning from this? Well, if we want to set up our entry to get in an ideal entry for a credit spread to sell a put or to do something like that, that makes it
[   60.12s ->    90.12s] money when, when, when the market goes up, this, these are the best times to do it. So how can we actually automate that? Well, first thing we need to do is we need to set up an alert and an alert to trigger when our entry requirements are met. So again, we can do this with any type of setup to the downside for MACD or, or, or upside or anything we want to set it up. But for this example, I'm going to set it when the blue line crosses above this orange line, meaning that the market is now projected to move higher based
[   90.12s ->   120.12s] So again, I'm going to set it in an alert. So again, I'm going to set up an alert. I go to MACD, I set it to crossing up and I want this MACD value to be the MACD, this meaning the blue line. I want the blue line to cross up and I want it to cross up above the MACD signal line, which is the orange line. So I want the blue line to cross above the orange line. So that means MACD, the blue line cross up above the signal line. That's when I'm going to signal an entry to trade this stock.
[  120.12s ->   150.12s] This only once I can trigger this once per bar, once per minute, again, on the daily chart, it won't cross that often. So I can literally just set it up to a once per bar. So once per day, um, it's kind of how that was structured since you know, this is a daily chart that I'm looking at right now. So once per day, if it breaks above, then I'm going to enter a credit spread, a sell put, whatever it is I want to do. So just like that, I have the entry requirements set up for the, for, for the alert. Next thing I need to do is I need to set up my options spot so that it triggers
[  150.12s ->   180.12s] whatever trade I want to do. I'm going to use the options auto trader because it's one of the most simple option spots around. And again, you can request access to it by clicking the button down below. Um, but again, you just click on create an auto trader, connect your broker account. Um, and then we can create an, uh, an auto trader. So again, we could sell a, uh, sell a put. We could do a one, one, two trade. We could sell strangles, sell calls, credit spreads, ratio spreads, iron condors, et cetera. Now for this example, I'll just do a credit spread trade, but again, you can put on whatever
[  180.12s ->   210.10s] I want to put on once these entry, uh, re re requirements have been met again, the best ones are trades that take advantage of the market moving up. So that'd be self puts a one, one, twos and credit spread. So let's do a credit spread. Now, what am I going to trade the, the credit spread on? Well, this is how you typically set up your trade. How do you want to trade it? If I follow best practices, again, we're looking at spy here. So I'll, so I'll trade spy, but we could also do this on futures or SPX if we wanted. So spy, we can do a 45 day, a day out trade, or if we want to make it,
[  210.12s ->   240.52s] um, a, a bit closer to a, do a faster trade, we could do seven DTE or something like that. I'll just set up based on best practice. We'll do a 30 Delta, um, that we're going to sell that and then buy the 25 Delta. This is our credit spread level. Um, again, we're going to do advanced entry. We're not really going to set up the entry rules here because we've already defined it in the trading view system. So we're just going to move here. We're going to enable it on the trading view, uh, web hook, which means that it will only accept entries from trading view. Um, so again, that's what we're going to do. Save and continue.
[  240.52s ->   267.52s] That next, we define how do we want this trade to be managed? How do, how do we want the options bot to manage this trade once it's been entered from the trading view signal? So again, if we're following a typical tasty live approach as a 50% take profit, and then we can have a stop loss of something specific or early management of 21 days. This is typically average. This is the best way to, to trade a credit spread. Um, but now that we're combining it with the trend and with direction, it's going to be even better. Um, so again, we set that up.
[  267.52s ->   283.52s] No stop loss. Um, and then next we define is how much money do we want to trade with? Um, again, it's a credit spread. So we don't need much money and we'll all choose a thousand here for this example. Uh, you can see here, it's going to be about $500 a buying power and will make me about $188.
[  283.52s ->   313.52s] So that's, that's factoring in the, the, the 50% take profit. Um, so again, we'll have a decent return here and our win rate should, should be pretty high. Why? Because we're already using a great strategy, um, which is 45 days out credit spread, but we're combining it with the trend. Cool. So I'm going to save this. I'm going to set it live. So save the auto trader. And there we go. Now we have this 45 DTE, um, auto trader right here.
[  313.52s ->   324.52s] We have right here, my trading view web hook secret. So I just got to click on copy URL. And for anyone who's going to try to copy mine, this will be changed by the time this video goes live. Anyways, you just copy that URL.
[  324.52s ->   354.50s] You take that right here and you, and you post it into the web hook URL section. So let's recap what is happening here. We set up the settings to define when the MACD shows that the stock is going to start bouncing. So this example right here, when something like this crossover happens, showing that, that the market will go up, we will then trigger an alert that will send a signal to this URL, which will then trigger this 45 DTE credit spread.
[  354.52s ->   384.50s] To enter for us, it's going to enter automatically based on the entry rules that we set. Then it will manage the trade based on how we set. And then again, I'll be able to track everything from here. Like you can see here, it shows me how close I am to my, uh, take profit, how close I am to stop loss, uh, when it'll expire. And I can see all the details about the trade and the, and the performance in here, but just like that. And one simple system, you can literally automate any indicator on trading view, but specifically with MACD. So my question is, when are you going to do this?
[  384.50s ->   403.50s] When are you going to start applying this? Because guys, literally, if you're doing credit spreads now, they're a great approach when you do it like this, a 45 day out trade. Um, but it's going to be even better. If you trade it with the trend, the same thing with selling puts, if you sell puts on spy on SPX, on futures, you probably have a great, a great win rate right now, but you can make it even better. You can profit faster and collect more credit.
[  403.50s ->   419.50s] If you sell puts when the market's down like this and you catch the move up. So guys, that's exactly how you integrate a trading view indicator into the options auto trader system. And if you want to learn more, click the link down below. All right, guys, see you in the next video.
[  419.50s ->   420.22s] We'll see you in the next video.
