I will survive it. I know that if you take most people with my wealth, they can't handle jail.
But I know who I am. I am not a rich kid. I've never had an easy life. I didn't grow up with
a silver spoon. In fact, I'm a poor person with a lot of money. I'm fine there. I will have more
in common with those people and I will get along with those people, those criminals, and I have
deeper conversations than I would with most other people. I'm fine there. I want to make a point as
well that I've observed is that you make points in an extreme way because you're a smart guy.
There's a reason you're the most Googled person on earth. So when you make those points in a certain
way, it allows different people to take it out of context and use it against you, but it also
garners attention so people listen to you so they get the reason you've made that point or what you're
trying to teach people out of it. Yeah, my communication style is abrasive.
Abrasive, but effective as fuck. I could turn it down. Effective as fuck.
Yeah, but it's effective. That's right. And I'm talking to be effective. But people will take
what I say and take it out of context. Of course they will.
Let's do a plan. What do we do if in, so your case is over, whatever it is that you're going
through is done. And Trump is president. What's your comeback like?
Comeback?
Let's plan.
Have I ever left? I don't know.
Come back to the US, I mean.
Ah, okay. I'm not sure where I'd live. I'm not sure if I'd have a house. I'm not sure if I'd
settle in any one place. I'd probably just stay in hotels and stay there for a few years.
Move from place to place.
More than that. Political, business-wise, personal brand-wise, what's the messaging?
It's going to evolve, obviously. I'm sure you've considered all this. You've had a lot of time to
think in jail.
Yeah, there's going to be, there'll be new battles to fight at the time. There'll be new things which
are interesting. But I think that we already have the pieces in play. We're dismantling the media
censorship. They're trying to dismantle the information wall. They're trying to teach people to be
healthy again. They're trying to teach men to be strong again.
Maha, make America healthy again.
That's right. So I think they're already doing all the right things. I just need to jump on the train
and help everybody out the best I can. This is what's most important. I mean, the key most
important battlegrounds are already under attack now, which is primarily the information censorship.
That was primarily the most difficult thing for us to deal with and crack. Elon saved the world by
buying Twitter. Truly saved the world. He has saved the world, and I do not say that in any
hyperbolic way. And the fact that people will sit on Twitter and call Elon not very smart because
they disagree with his politics shows just how mind, this is what I mean. These people have lost
their minds. There are reporters who work for the New York Times who have achieved nothing in their
life besides regurgitate garbage that they're told they're supposed to regurgitate. ChatGPT could do a
better job than they could. And they sit there saying Elon Musk is not very smart because they
disagree with his politics on his platform as he puts rockets in space. These are the people who say
I'm a human trafficker, so fuck them. These people have lost. You can't reason with that level of
stupid. They're so emotional and so ideological that they're uninterested in truth and facts.
There's a certain subset of the population that have no interest in what is true. They're interested
in what makes them feel good. And they're very different mindsets. They're very different
mentalities towards things. And that's why you have this permanent wall you can't seem to penetrate.
And those people are only going to believe what they want to believe because of how it makes them feel.
Which is why they're losers, by the way. Because you don't win in life by ignoring objective truth
and following what makes you feel happy. You win in life by self-analyzing and reflecting and making
the difficult choice because you understand it's going to benefit you more in the end. And you win
in life by ignoring how you feel and doing what you're supposed to do. That's how you win. That's
why these people are objectively losers. By the way, when you say, going to the initial point you said
how Elon changed the world, one interesting thing is not only what he did with X, it's what he showed the
world to be possible. So a lot of other platforms, like, you know what Mark Zuckerberg did recently,
put out that, I think he testified or put out a letter saying he made a mistake under the Biden
administration when it came to COVID. And I had Mark Andreessen on the show, one of the smartest
people on this planet. And he's on the board of Meta. And I think he's on the board of X as well,
I think, or was. Anyway, he said, Mario, Meta's watching and other social media platforms as well
are watching the X experiment. That was like two years ago. And I think a lot of other social media
companies will either have to follow suit when it comes to censorship and free speech
or, you know, lose a lot of users.
Well, yeah, it's the four minute mile. They've shown that it can be done. And they had Zuckerberg
by the balls. I don't know. I don't know. I've never spoken to him. But they had him by the balls
and he was afraid for himself. You know, he's living in America. He has a family. His platforms
are being used to push information the American government do not want pushed. They said to him,
fix this or you're going to go to jail. And the guy that he's free speech, free speech,
freedom, first amendment. Yeah. Until the men in the black suits turn up and knock on your door
and say, you have to fix this suck. Otherwise you have to run to Iran, China, or Russia. And the way
the world works is even if he was crazy enough to try any of those things, then he'd be in their
pocket. And guess what Russia, Iran, and China would tell him to do? Say what they want said.
It doesn't work that way. You don't get to just go through life and not have a roof over your head
that you have to some degree adhere to. So he can't give up the American sphere to go anywhere
else because he's going to have a new problem. So yeah, of course he did what he was supposed to
do. Elon's the only person who could have done what he's done. And now he's inspired the others
to be brave. And he's going to, now that they have power in government, they don't have to fear the
government agencies like they did before. So the world has completely changed. But I understand why
Zuck did what he did. Of course. Do you remember that? Did you go through the Twitter files when we,
when we covered? Yeah, I remember them coming out crazy. Yeah. No, I mean, they were crazy.
But I, I knew all that. I was like, well, duh, like that's, that's all it's ever been is an
information war. That's what I love about how I've shown this show info wars. That's the war.
It's an information war. Every war since the beginning of time has only ever been an information
war. They just want to control what you think and control what you're allowed to say. That's
what it's all about. It only gets hot when the information wars have failed. They try the leaflets
and the propaganda. It only gets hot with the tanks and the bullets when everything else doesn't
work. So they can put a gun to your head and then tell you what to read. It's the bottom line
is an information war always has been. Of course, the American experiment during the era of spring,
when they were trying very hard to use social media to overthrow all these governments,
once it worked against them, social media in 2016 on Trump, they just turned the apparatus on itself
and said, all right, we'll use it on the American population then and try and
delegitimize Trump because Trump was a social media president, which they didn't want.
They want to just keep having these democratic elections between the two teams which are allowed
to win, which isn't real democracy because you have two teams. Do you think we're genuinely at
a turning point now? Well, it depends. Is it enough? It depends what Trump's going to do.
Will he do what's needed in your opinion? He's got there's a lot of resistance. Well,
he's got four years. And one of the things I like to believe is that Trump's nightmares keep his
wounds fresh. You know, that's one of the best things about the assassination attempt. It's not
the fact that it helped him win the presidency. It's not the fact that it made him iconic. It's
that reminded him what they did to him in 2016 to 2020 with the Russia gate garbage. So you mean
he'll, he'll think twice before doing things or he'll be more driven to do things. I like to believe
he'd be more driven to do things because Trump, I know, and I'm saying, I know, even though I've never
spoken to him, but I know because I can see by his demeanor is very similar to me. He doesn't take
this crap personally. He considered all those trials in New York, a massive inconvenience, but I don't
think he was truly like that. He wasn't emotionally upset. He was angry because men get angry and he saw
it as an inconvenience, but he knows the system well enough to know what it is. He also got slandered
rapist. But once again, nobody with a brain believed it. Same as my scenario. So it's very
easy to just go to court and not be emotionally affected at some point and just be like, this is
garbage. But the bullet makes it real. Okay. You tried to lawfare me. Okay. Okay. You hit me with a
fake rape card charge. Okay. You charged me money. Okay. You dragged me in out of court. Okay. You wasted
all my time. Now you tried to kill me. Was it, was any assassination attempts? Anyone tried to kill you yet?
Not yet. Even a failed one. Nothing yet? I don't think so. But they haven't failed with their
option number two yet. Yeah. You know, we'll see how that plays out. But with Trump, it looks like
they did. But the fact they tried to kill him makes it very real, makes it very visceral. So I'd
like to think he enters office with no mercy for the next four years. But we're going to have to see
how he decides to dismantle it. And also, again, now I'm talking into a realm I don't truly know.
I'm just speculating and guessing. But in anything large and complicated, in any structure which is
large and complicated, you're not going to have absolute ideological alignment. You're
going to have different levels, right? Even the side of a conservative party or the Republican
party, you have different levels of agreement with the party. There's a spectrum. So when
we talk about dismantling of the matrix, is he going to throw the entire deep state out?
Or is he going to have to sit and decide which factions of the deep state he's going to keep
to turn against the other parts of the deep state? Which areas are going to stay? Which
areas are going to move? I don't think he can completely gut it out. I don't think that
reality works that way. Not instantly, but over time, slowly.
Well, over time, slowly, yes, perhaps. But in the four years he has, I think he's actually
going to have to make some very difficult choices about what's going to stay and what isn't.
I see a lot of the anti-Zionist people very upset with his choices. And I understand it
because they're very anti-Zionist and they're upset that he's working with people that have
such a strong allegiance to Israel. Me, personally, I agree with that. I don't like this allegiance
to Israel at all. However, I like to think, and perhaps this is Cope, that he knows things that
we don't know and he has to choose his side and choose his battles to get anything done.
If you make an enemy of everybody, then you get nothing at all done. Maybe this is Cope,
but this is just from my experience of life. Perhaps it's going to be a bit more gradual as he
gets things done and moves this area, changes this, and then he can move on to other areas.
We're going to see. But I like to think that these four years are going to be
brutal efficiency from him. It looks like he's already saying the right things.
Yeah. Day one, day one, day one. He's already appointed a few people. You've seen those,
yeah? Yeah. And he's already appointed some people. So we're going to see how it all works
out. But most importantly, it's the culture that Trump's going to change. That matters more than
anything. Culture drives everything. Culture drives things more than the legal system.
Culture drives things. That's why Hollywood is the number one propaganda tool of the Western
Empire. That's why America has managed to stay, even though its cities are crumbling in real time,
even though it has homeless everywhere, even though everyone's taking fentanyl,
even though it's crime, even though it's dangerous. It's still the dream of most people
to go to America because of Hollywood. That's the only reason. So the culture and the propaganda
machine is extremely powerful. And America changing into a more masculine culture purely
and primarily because Trump is the president is what's going to fix more things than his policy.
It's self-fulfilling. People are saying, I'm broke. I'm poor. Trump will make me rich. And they'll get
richer under Trump, not just because of the laws Trump passes. Thank you. But because they feel more
motivated to work and they take more risks and they're more enterprising and they're less afraid.
So they'll get richer under Trump because of Trump, because he inspired them to do the right things
themselves as opposed to the laws he's going to pass. So it's all self-fulfilling. That's why a good general
makes his army stronger. This is it's all self-fulfilling. If Kamala won, we'd all get poorer, not only
because of her terrible economic policy, but also just because you'll feel defeated as a man if Kamala
wins. Girl boss is in charge now. It's girl boss land. So what am I going to go out there and build
railroads for? This is garbage and you won't want to do it. So culture drives all things. Culture is the
driving force. And this new culture of accountability and masculinity inside of America is going to be
what saves the country. All right. Well, I want to I want to go back to the question. And remember,
we can bleep things out. Sure. But it's a it's a question that I'm I'll ask selfish questions.
So what I want to selfishly know is what will you do next? Like what would other than moving to the
U.S. potentially from a business perspective, we'll get into crypto as well because you've done some
music. My next my next primary objective in my life is to have 50 sons. 50? 50. That's my next
primary. Have you said that publicly before? I think I've said I think I've said this publicly. 50?
50 is my primary. Do you mind if I ask how many now so far? Because I know you've said you have
many, but you've never I don't think you've said the number. I've never said the number of children
I have, but I have a few. But 50. Yeah. And I talk a lot about population collapse. So thank you for
your service. No, well, I do my best. You know, it's not easy being a tall, handsome billionaire,
but I try very hard. No, but I want 50 sons. One because. Sons, you said? I want. Well, I'll have
as many. 50 kids. I want. I want 50 sons. I already. Statistically, he's going to have 100 kids.
Well, yeah, I already have a lot of daughters and I love my daughters with all my heart.
But I want 50 sons, of course. I don't think. Rival Genghis Khan. Well, you know, they're going to say
this is a bad thing to say. They're going to attack me with it. I love my daughters with all my heart,
but I think a man wants a son because of the last name. I don't want my last name to die.
My brother and I are the last two tapes. So our sons will be the tapes. My daughters will get married,
God willing, and then there'll be someone else's name.
But if they love you enough, they'll just keep their last name.
Yeah, but it's not the same. And you know, let me tell you another thing. I'm petty.
I'm really. I am. I'm really petty. And it would really break my heart for me to die and leave my
empire to daughters who marry dudes who get my empire. That's a good point. No, go earn it. You're
not driving a Ferrari on my money. I don't know you. My sons are going to get my money. So they're
going to have to find some other rich guys. So it's, this is just how it is. I want 50 sons. And
in 20 years or 25 years, I want my security team to be my, you know, when I'm like old, if Monaco
still exists by then, it hasn't been overrun by the demon hordes. If, if, if, if Europe's still a place
and I'm a little bit older and I'm a little bit slower and I get out of my Rolls Royce and my security team
are all my biological sons in my black suit. Well, that, that's the final, that's the end of
the, uh, you know, I've always been an anti-hero. That's the end of my anti-hero story. So my primary
objective now is to have as many children as possible. I have 75 cars. Why would I have more
cars than children? It doesn't make sense. You have 75 cars now. I have 75 cars. Yeah.
You'll be serious. Yeah. I have 75 cars. So this is my exact point. So if I'm going to waste money on
that junk, I may as well have as many children as possible. So my primary objective is children.
Yeah. That's the answer to the question. Who manages your finances?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. D-Cop. D-Cop try their best. Yeah. They try. Um, all right. So that's,
that's, that's an interesting one. That's actually, well, what's more, what's more important?
What, what can be more important than that? What's more important than just trying to,
you're going to, you're going to hate my answer. Like I'm obsessed with living as long as possible
and anti-aging is something I'm obsessed with, which sounds very, children are the links. Yeah,
it is. Well, it's narcissistic because you don't believe like I believe that I can create better
versions of myself and I'm not so interested in consciousness in and of itself that I need to
make sure I retain it for as long as possible. If you can make an upgraded, better version of Andrew
Tate via my children, if I can make a better me, a son who's going to have the same ideals and he's
going to fight the matrix to the best of his capability. And everyone's going to remember me and my name
via him, then I can give the consciousness power up. That's all. That's fine. I'm tired. I've had
a hard life. I'm happy to rest. I'll go to sleep. You do it. No, you're talking about now or a bit
later in general. I mean, is it possible that you're, cause you can't just stop everything now
and that's it and live a good, comfortable life with your family. Is that possibility?
No, cause I get bored, but I'm saying that death is really not that scary to me. Dying would be scary,
but I don't think being dead is going to be a scary thing. The process is scary, but not death itself.
So if love is your link to the future, so my goal of having 50 Andrew Tates is not just for them to
just exist, but they also have to be exceptional. They will be in training from the second they are
born. They will be, wait till you see, sir, wait till you see the future UFC roster. And it's Tate,
Tate, Tate, Tate, Tate, Tate, Tate, Tate, Tate, Tate, Tate. You'll see, watch. They have, cause they have
no choice. Cause they have no choice. And I've, I've, I've heard the asinine conversations. People have
said to me, what if they don't want to do what you want them to do? What version of reality will
my sons not want to do what I want them to do? And what version of reality is that even, it's
called sanity. It's called, it's, this is the exact bullshit that's wrong with the world.
This, this, I don't even know what to call it. This complete garbage. They're going to come along
and say that your own blood, your own DNA, your son is going to be completely different to you.
No, they're going to get psyopped. If you allow your children to be psyopped, sure. Well,
my children will not be psyopped. I'm not going to allow it. They're not going to be going to some
school, convincing them of anything stupid. My children will be born with my biology and the
only imprint in their mind will be mine. And they will perform exceptionally because it is expected of
them. And that is the bottom line. There is no failure. There is nothing other than what I want
them to do. That's what they're going to exist for. And the day they can kick my ass, that can change.
But until that day, I'm in charge. So they better go train anyway. Because otherwise they're going
to lose forever. That's the bottom line of it. I refuse to have some version of reality where I'm
going to have a kid and let them make their own decisions to go do dumb shit. No. I'm trying to
figure out if you're like a very soft, soft father behind the scenes or you're... I'm super soft.
I'm a nice man. Everyone describes me as a nice man. It's not a joke. I genuinely think that as
well. I am a nice man. I just need to be... Not a nice man. You've got a soft side as well
that no one gets to see. No. I'm soft all the time. I'm a nice... I'm ruining his brand. I apologize.
No. I'm misunderstood. I'm a very nice man as long as I'm listened to. That's it. As long as you do
as I say, I'm a very nice man. Every day they wake up... I'm the world's nicest man. And this is Tate
World. And we can talk about the children. It's not even just children. My girlfriend,
whatever. This is Tate World. Welcome to Tate World. You're not worried about anything. You
have no stress in your life. You get private jets and boats and handbags and Birkins and
beautiful shoes. But I... It's a train. And it's on a track. And it's my track. And you
obey or you get off the train. Okay. Nothing changes. All right. So I'm a nice man the whole
time. I'll be nice to my children. I'm not going to be abusive to them. Not abusive, but how...
But they have no... They haven't... In what version of reality can a boy start karate age
three and learn the things I want him to learn age four and be a chess master age six or seven
and he's studying all day every day along with his other brothers under his father's tutelage
and end up silent? Why are we pretending he won't want to be the man he will become?
All right. So how would you react if one of your kids just said, Dad, I'm gay?
Okay. Impossible. Look, if it happens, Andrew...
Impossible. I don't believe it. All right. I think you'll be extremely understanding.
Probably. But I just don't believe it will happen. Out of 50, statistically, it might happen.
I don't believe it. Now, if it does happen, that's not going to change my expectations of
him. Let's say I had a son who's gay, right? That doesn't mean you're allowed to be a degenerate.
It doesn't mean you're allowed to be running around naked.
When does it become his choice? Any age?
No, it doesn't become his choice. You can be gay and not be a degenerate.
No, I mean, for not gay, just any of your sons at age 18, if they want to be degenerate and live
that life.
No.
Okay.
No. What do you mean? No. This is all no. But my point is, to finish the gay point,
if he says, I'm gay, but I still fight, I still train, I still understand the power of physical and
mental fortitude. I'm not a degenerate. I'm not running around fornicating or pushing this agenda
in front of children's faces, but I'm gay. Cool. I'm gay, so now I get to make it my personality
and I get to degrade society by extension. No, that's not acceptable. Then there's going to be
a confrontation. That's going to happen. But I don't even believe that will happen. I don't think
that's possible. I don't live in that version of reality. That's not going to happen to me.
It can't. God wouldn't do that to me. No. My sons will, the whole UFC roster will be
Tate. I've said it here now. They will play this clip in 30 years from now. That's what's
going to happen. There's no other way it can't happen. That's what my billions are going
to be spent on. That's what's going to happen.
What about your daughters?
Well, my daughters, it's actually interesting because if you're my, if you're born my daughter,
you have a much easier life because their boyfriends are not well. Yeah. But I think that women's
beauty is in their naivety and their innocence. So I want my daughters to be happy. That's all I
care about. I don't care if my sons are happy because I'm not happy. Welcome to the world. We're
men. I don't wake up every day. No, I wake up every day. Okay. Another day of war. So you're my
son. Your, your, your life path has happiness has very little to do with it because I believe as a
man chasing happiness, it's probably the most asinine thing you can do. It's the easiest way to
lose as a man is to chase happiness. What will make me happy is not how you win as a man,
how you win as a man is I don't care how I feel, what must be done. Whereas my daughters,
I just want them to be happy. So they're going to be spoiled head to toe. And I'm going to do my
very best to spoil them exclusively and explicitly. So I say to them, the day you get a boyfriend,
he takes over you financially and you're spoiling. So unless he can match what I'm giving you,
be very careful who you choose. That's actually, yeah, that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to say,
you live this beautiful princess life and everything is perfect. And you're driving
that pink Porsche and you're flying on these jets and you're doing all this. The second you get a
boyfriend, he's paying for your life. So you better be very careful who you pick. You pick a, if you
pick a bum, then you're going to be, that's fine. Cause the money tap stops from me. And you know,
it's not that I'm not forgiving, but I'm not forgetting and it will never turn back on.
So hopefully she'll understand that. And she'll live off of my money for as long as it takes for
her to meet a man of caliber who can take care of her and make sure that their dynasty and bloodline
are going to be financially secure. And then I will sit down with him and I will tell him,
you better give me 50 grandsons or I'll whoop your ass and I'll threaten him. And then my 50 sons
will be next to me. So he'll know not to mess with me. And that's how it's going to go. And that's
to take dynasty. Me and my 50 boys will intimidate my daughter's husband into making sure there's 50
more grandchildren. I'm being hyperbolic before I end up in the BBC, but that's the bottom line.
Yeah. I mean, what's the point? What are we here for? Is it, there's so many ancient things we've
forgotten about. This was the whole point of being a King in the first place. Wasn't it King
Henry VIII? How many women's heads did he have to chop off to try and get a son? Like this was the
point of even having a dynasty or having a last name or having money or having purple. Do any of these
things in the first place was to pass it on to your next generation. This new mind, this new think
of I'm this person and I'm not that interested in having kids, but if I do have kids, they don't have
to be anything like me or think like me or represent my family name or represent my dynasty or stick up
for what I stuck up for. They can just go and go to school and they can learn whatever the school
wants them to learn and they can decide for themselves. It's bullshit. That's not true. It's
never been true. Your children are born and you suffer to raise them. So they replicate
you. And unless, maybe a lot of the people who don't have a desire for children aren't,
we talk about narcissism. I approach the narcissism from another angle. I want clones. That's the
only reason I want kids. I want me. So you mean having kids in your eyes could be narcissistic?
Oh no, absolutely. I want clones of me. There will be 50, they have this, they're all going to be
called Andrew Tate. 50 of them. A hundred percent. What's the point of having them for any other
reason? I don't under, I don't understand this. I mean, and people have disagreed with me on this
all the time. I don't understand this. No shit. Yeah. Let your, let your kids go and find their
individuality. I'm not saying that, you know, people aren't individuals. What I'm saying is that
you're born with a certain last name. There's certain expectations of you. I mean, the elites believe
this. Soros believes this. Trump believes this. You're a this. So you must do this. The people
on the good side and the bad side believe this. The banking dynasties believe this.
Kim Jong-un believes it. Like this is not even a controversial really opinion. It seems to be
only the plebs of earth to go, I'll have a kid and they'll just disagree with me on everything.
Oh, well, let me just feed them. You want some sweets? You want some candy? Please clean your room.
It's gay. It's gay and it's stupid. My children are going to obey. They're going to obey me.
Bro, man, send a love message to my dad for a second.
They're going to obey me. I love you, dad.
And the reason I'm saying that is because I obeyed my father.
Yeah, he was a harsh father. And I love him with all my heart. The only wish I have is for a
stricter childhood. This idea that if you have a strict childhood, you're going to grow up regretting
it. Absolutely not. I wish it was even stricter. I wish I didn't even get away with the few things I
got away with. But when my father spoke, it was like God giving a command from the heavens. There was
no, well, I don't want to. It didn't even cross my mind to think I could say no. You had to obey.
Did he beat you as well? He hit me if I deserved it.
Did you deserve it a lot? Sometimes, yes.
Did Tristan deserve it as well? Tristan got hit quite a lot less, actually.
I was going to guess that. I'm not surprised.
But I don't like the word beat. Because that sounds like, no. But there was a line. And if I
cross that line, physical violence would appear. But that's the same here in the world. To sit and
pretend that that's not the line all men live within is, again, asinine. That's the line.
If I go up to a man in the street and say, I don't like your shirt, and he'll say, who are you? And
I'll say, and I don't like your wife, and fuck you. Sooner or later, he's going to try and hit me.
There's a line in life. My dad made it very clear where the line was.
It wasn't like, he didn't get drunk. He didn't lose his temper. He didn't beat me at random.
He said, here's a line, son. Here's the rules of this house. Unlike the Western democracies with
their shadowy rules, I lived in a very simple system. When I say something, you listen. If I
have to say it twice, you better hope I'm in the mood to say it twice. And if I'm not, then you've
crossed the line. So obey. And people, you know, what's funny about my house, my friends
used to always say, they'd say, your house is so weird. Because it was so...
Which house? When you were a child?
Yeah, because it was so stringent. Like, we'd be sitting there playing Nintendo in the summer.
It's playing Nintendo. And dad would walk in and say, water, all of you, go drink water
now. And I'd stand up, and I'd go, and I'd pour water from the tap, and I'd drink it.
And my friends would be like, why do you have to drink water? I'd be like, because dad said so.
And I'd be like, why, though? Why does your parent... Like, why does he just yell at you
to drink water? Why?
In the States, yeah.
In the States, yeah. And I was like... I was just like, but he said drink it. So I'm drinking it.
And my friend, he was a white guy, so maybe that's why I'm a white guy. But it was like,
yeah, but what if you're not thirsty? I'm like, he didn't ask if I was thirsty. He told me to drink
the water. So I'm drinking it. Like, I was kind of confused why he was confused. But my dad,
in retrospect, was right. It was 100 degrees in Goshen, Indiana. We're sitting there all day,
no water, because we're kids, playing Nintendo, drink some water. He's right. There was nothing
bad about me drinking that water. And any other householder would have said, I'm not thirsty.
I don't want it. Why? Later. You give me it. I see how all these kids act. In my house,
it wasn't like that. He walked in. He gave a command. It wasn't questioned. I didn't have
to understand his reasoning. There was no business deal. It was just instant compliance.
And I did as I was told. And my children will do exactly the same thing. Whereas my friends were
completely perplexed by this. Why does he bring you the water if he wants you to drink it? Why
do you have to drink it? What if you're not thirsty? Why can't you have soda? How often does
he do this? We were in the middle of a game. Like at seven or eight, these kids were so flabbergasted
by the fact that a big man will come in and give a command. But that's always been my life.
He came in, he gave commands, and I obeyed the commands. And it served me very well. It made me
into the person I am today. And I'm happy with who I am. So I must be happy with how I was raised.
And I want my sons to be like me. So I need to raise them the way I was raised. I'm not going to do
business deals with children. I see people raising their kids today. It's a business deal all the time.
If you clean your room, I'll give you like you're bargaining with a seven-year-old.
You are seven. You are seven. And if you want to survive in my house, you're going to obey me
instantly. I don't know why this is controversial, but for some reason it is. But we'll see when I
have my 50 sons and they're all on the UFC roster. I'm like, how did Andrew do that? Wow. It's really
not complicated because I told them to train. I gave a command and I was obeyed. And that was the
bottom line. And there was none of this. Oh, I don't want to train. Look, it's 50 sons, man.
They'll build a coalition against you. Well, you know, we've seen the Kung Fu movies where all the
students attack the master at the end. I train every day myself. I'm prepared for this. So the
day they beat me, they can have some power. But until that day, I'm master splinter.
You don't talk a lot about your family. And I said, I won't ask, but I'll ask anyway,
because I'm curious. So I know you don't share, you know, where they live and their names,
et cetera. And these are questions I won't ask, or if I ask you, you just won't answer
them. But I'm again curious how many you have already. So I'm going to try and give it another
shot. How many kids do you have approximately?
Between eight and 11.
That's actually a pretty good approximation.
Yeah.
All right.
So we're about a fifth of the way there.
No, that's not all suns. So shit.
So a long way to go.
Well, I've got time.
Do you freeze your sperm as well? Because I think you need to do that.
Well, I could cheat and use science. I could cheat and use science. We're going to see how
it all works out. I'm going to beat this. I'm going to beat this case. But I was answering
the question when I was saying my primary objective post this case is to have 50 suns and I will
consider all avenues to get that done.
Okay. So that would be one of the main things you do. You said there's no possibility that you'll
just, just retire from all this, even for a period of time. Say, look, I need a break for a
couple of years.
No, because I don't need a break. I don't need a break. In fact, it's going to be the
opposite. When this ends, I'm going to be like, ah, shucks. Now what?
All right.
You don't believe that I'm going to miss all this garbage. I know you don't believe me,
but I'm telling you my whole life has only ever been. From the age of four, I was playing
chess professionally. I was a professional chess player and then I became a professional
athlete and I was a professional fighter. And now I get to fight against a matrix inside
of the Romanian legal system, probably one of the most rigged games you can possibly play
in a language I don't understand. It's entertaining. I need a new, I need something else.
Solitary confinement doesn't sound entertaining.
No, that's just the consequence of losing, which motivates you to try harder. It's entertaining.
It's an entertaining struggle. It's a game. It's entertaining. I'm not, I'm not saying it's
fun and the entertaining, oh, happy entertaining. I'm saying it's entertaining as it gets my attention.
It gets my attention. And not many things really do, to be honest with you, in this world. Not
many things really get my attention. I see people and they're like, oh, wow, a new movie's out.
Couldn't give a fuck. Oh, Netflix. Have you seen this show? It's great.
Fucking, it's not real. It doesn't matter.
Do you like the adrenaline of it?
Oh, I guess so.
That's because that one I can relate to.
Well, we're all biochemical creatures. I guess I do enjoy the adrenaline. I mean,
when I was last arrested and they, and the judge let me go, you saw how angry I was when I came
out and I was yelling at the cameras saying, oh, this is disgusting. I don't know if you saw that
clip. He's saying, this is disgusting what they're doing to us. We have families, et cetera.
I was chemically charged. Sure. Yeah. I mean, what is life? You want to feel things. That's why,
why does a drug addict do drugs to feel something, even if it destroys his life to feel something?
That's why people are drug, mine is business. Yours is fucking up the world.
Well, it's not fucking up the world. It's not fucking up. I'm saying that if you are feeling
something, even though there are negatives attached to that emotion, if you are feeling
something in this world, nearly devoted, devoid of emotion completely, you're always going to miss
it. If you even ask a drug addict, how was it when you were addicted? Part of him will say,
well, you know, like I did, I did have some good time. There's something about it.
But I'm not saying I want to lose. I'm not saying I'm guilty. I'm saying that I am currently
entertained because the consequence is significant. And how can you be entertained by something with
no significant consequence? If you play a video game and you can't die, it's boring. It only matters
if you can die. Why is gambling entertaining? Because you lose your money. If every time you
gambled, you lost your money, they just gave it back to you. You wouldn't, you wouldn't even feel
anything when the wheel spins. I'm not saying I'm guilty of anything. In fact, the fact that I'm
innocent makes it more entertaining. If I was guilty, I'd be kind of defeatist. I'd be kind of
like, oh, well, that's justice. Does it piss you off? I deserve it. But because I'm innocent, I'm like,
no, I have to win. And it keeps me occupied. When this is gone, I'm going to fill it with trying to
have 50 sons because otherwise I can't just be occupied by the mundane, normal, a lot of, especially
people who don't have lots and lots of money. Imagine that you get into this rich world and
once you're rich, world becomes fun. And really the only thing that's fun in life is work. The
only thing that's fun is the thing that made you rich in the first place. That's the reason it made
you rich because you found it fun. There are no fun activities to do once you're rich. The only thing
you can really do is slow things down. So a poor person has a one hour lunch. I'm allowed a four hour
lunch. Great. You know, you can, you can add some time to things, but I don't know. I see there are
some other rich people who, you know, they get enamored by wine and they think that giving their
life to tasting different grapes is somehow not a complete waste of consciousness, but they're
dipshits. And that's why they're not important. And that's why they're not gonna have 50 sons in
the UFC roster. And that's why no one knows who the fuck they are. So when, when I talk to other
millionaires and like, Oh yeah, I'm going to wine. I like to spend my time wine. Well, then you go do
that. I'm having 50 sons. I'm fighting the matrix. So I guess life is just, it's a game. We're living
in a simulation. And if you want a high score, you have to choose the highest difficulty. So I want a
high score. I get to be a legend. When I walked this case, the remaining legal system with a 97%
conviction rate came at me with a false indictment. I walked high score, high difficulty, high consequence,
or I get to go to Rehova, the worst jail in Europe, like an old Soviet Russian jail. Either way, it's
going to be a cool story. Like, what are we so worried about? What's there to fear? I'm terrified
of jail. You have no fucking idea. You have no idea. Don't worry about it. It's fun. You just got to
change your mentality towards things. You got to see it for what it is. And if you see it for what it is,
and you see it as an experience and see it as a way to upgrade yourself, men have never upgraded
themselves in any other way but suffering ever. In fact, the only thing that would upset me about
going to jail is that it would delay my 50 sons. However, the stories from jail would be good for
my 50 sons. So there's no light without dark. Perhaps if I can get enough conjugal visits,
if I can pull off the thongs from jail, then I get the best of both worlds. And I can tell them all
the story of when I was thrown in a hole somewhere deep in Romania.
You speak to Ryan Holiday about stoicism because you've kind of taken it. Ryan Holiday's a little
bitch. I've seen his Twitter. There's nothing stoic about the guy. He's a fucking baby crying his
eyes out over Trump all day. Ryan Holiday, I could grab him by his neck. He doesn't like Trump. I
could snap his neck. There's nothing stoic about him. He's a pussy. I'm going to bleep that for your
own sake. No, please. Ryan Holiday, fuck you. Please put it in there. The stoicism. No, but I'll
tell you why. Ryan Holiday's, I don't really, I've never read his book and I don't know him. I've just
seen him crying on Twitter. So he's not stoic. Okay. But Ryan Holiday, I'm assuming, but my assumptions
are always right. His approach to stoicism is it's all okay. No matter what happens. That's not my
approach to stoicism. My approach to stoicism is actually very much rooted in something else,
which is brutal competence. My approach to stoicism is I will survive it. I know that if you take most
people with my wealth, they can't handle jail, but I know who I am. I am not a rich kid. I've never had
an easy life. I didn't grow up with a silver spoon. In fact, I'm a poor person with a lot of money.
I'm fine there. I will have more in common with those people and I will get along with those people,
those criminals, and I have deeper conversations than I would with most other people. I'm fine
there. I'm bait. My competence, my stoicism is rooted in my competence that I know I will survive
it. So what's there to actually fear? If time solves all things and I know I can do it, then fine.
Put me there. I don't care. It doesn't matter. It's a simulation anyway. It's all a game. It doesn't
matter. His stoicism is based in, oh, it's all fine. But if he went to Rehova, he would cry his
eyes out like a bitch and end up cleaning people's shoes. So fuck him. I was going to say you should
read his book, The Obstacle is the Way. It's a very short book, but you'll pass it. Now, I think
you'll like it. So his approach to it, I read it a while ago when I went, so my main company
got scammed in 2018, lost millions. It destroyed me. And that's when I started building my personal
brand. Funny enough, I started my personal brand in Romania. That was when I made my first video
back then. Wow. Back when I was naive. And back to the point of Ryan Holiday. So what he says is
you get something negative, but you find something positive within it. So what he said, you go to
jail. You're like, I can't have my kids, but I have good stories to tell them. Yep. So that's his
approach. Now, I haven't seen his, I haven't looked at his social media. I mean, I don't, like, I don't
want to talk about him too much. I want to move on for as well. No, no, no. But the final point I'm going to
make, I don't really know him. I've just seen his Twitter and I can tell by his Twitter, he's a
dislikable person. The, the, but him coming along and preaching stoicism, et cetera. A lot of these
people, especially people who talk about Zen and stoicism, et cetera, I distrust. And this isn't
specifically about him. This is about all of these people because they'll sit in a beautiful field
with green, green grass in Bali, and they'll put on a stupid robe and they'll sit there and they'll do
this. And they'll say, I'm Zen. My mind is great. That you're, you're on, you're in a beautiful
field in Bali. Of course you're Zen. What are you going to be upset about? It's sunny. It's not even
raining. You have nothing to complain about. Go and be Zen in a trench in Ukraine. Then show me your Zen.
If you're so Zen and you're so fantastic with your mind, any of these people, I openly challenge you,
considering you're all physically incapable, go do an MMA fight and get the shit kicked out of you.
Go on. You know, you know, you're going to lose because you're a pussy. I know you're going to
lose. You know, you're going to lose. He's going to hurt you, but you're Zen. Show me the power of
your mind. Go get your ass whooped. Oh no, you're scared. You won't do that. You won't go get in the
cage and get grounded and pounded. I thought you were Zen. Turns out you're only Zen when everything's
fine. That's not Zen. It's not Zen to be Zen when everything's fine. So all these people with their
spoiled little privileged lives and their yoga retreats. Oh, I feel so great in my yoga retreat. Oh, you feel so
great. One of the most idyllic locations on the planet, eating food that's prepared for you. You
feel great. Wow. Mental control for the fucking clown show. It's a clown show. If these people
were truly who they want to pretend they are, they'd be in the trenches somewhere. The UFC fighter has
more Zen when he's getting punched in the face in front of all these people in front of his screaming
wife, worried about him losing consciousness forever. When he's taking shots to the face and still
avoiding them and keeping a clear enough mind to slip the punches, that's more Zen than anything
Ryan Holiday has ever fucking achieved or ever will achieve. He's a nobody. So all these people
are full of shit because if they were truly Zen, they'd live a life similar to mine, but they don't.
They sit on the internet and they cry on Twitter and they write shit books. So fuck his book and fuck
all. But this is the truth about all this Zen, this whole, it's not about him specifically,
this whole sphere. When I see people, you see these threads on Twitter sometimes. I don't know
if people are paid to make them, but they'll come along and say, this person is this. You don't know
who he is, but he's the guy behind. And they do like these breakdowns of people. I don't think it's
a hit piece. It's more like they're trying to promote people. I don't know if it's like an
affiliate link. It's hard to explain it. But anyway, they talk about a lot of these people who have
mental control and like he just, he wrote this book about, and he did a, listen, go to Don Ask right now
and get me a guy who survived the last three years in the trenches. I want to talk to him
about mental control. I don't want to talk to some fucking jackass living in a two bedroom house
in the Western world, married to a six about mental control. He hasn't done anything. I want to talk
to the guy in the trench. I want to hear about all the times he saw his friend's face explode.
He knows mental control because he's still breathing. He didn't put a bullet in his own head.
That's mental control. UFC fighters, professional boxers. These people have mental control.
All of these self-help guru losers are losers. They are losers because if they were to enter
the cage with me, I would show them they're a loser. I would show them and they'd feel it.
And no amount of Zen would reduce the fear that I see in their eyes guaranteed. So I don't even buy
into their prescription. My Zen and my mentality is based on my competence. I'm not afraid of what can
happen to me in that jail. I'm not afraid of getting jumped and stabbed and dying. So that's
why I'm not afraid of going.
I want to go back to two points you've made earlier before we got into Ryan Holiday and
stoicism. You talked about how you'll get bored if you go out and just take a break for a couple of
years. And then we also talked about how, you know, as you get richer, you get to a stage where
it's much harder to get that kick. You know, you know, what can you do to go have nice expensive
wine, travel to a new country? It gets very boring. So I can relate to that. So is that in
your opinion, is that what really drives you is that you're always looking for something
more. It's never enough. And then the question is something that concerns me because I'm in
that camp. So it's probably something I'm going to benefit from this question is like,
I'm always looking for more. But then when you get a certain level, it gets concerning what more
is. And you can go down a path of pretty ugly path. You know, some rich people do some crazy
shit. You seem to be in a position where you're always looking for more. What happens next?
Well, that's it. But that built the modern world. Always looking for more is what built the world.
It does. It's good for the world. But what about you?
Well, that's the masculine imperative. I mean, it's like saying, well, what happens when you have two arms?
It's just life. You just have two arms. Most people just have two arms. Most men are just
born with a drive, which is insatiable. That's why explorers decided to walk across Antarctica
and freeze to death because it hadn't been done before. It doesn't even make logical sense. There's
nothing there. It's ice. But they still did it. It's the masculine imperative. It's why we build
taller and taller buildings. It's why Elon's going to put rockets in space. You're always going to
constantly want more. What you're going to eventually have to do is do what I've done.
Well, the only conclusion I found is that instead of trying to live life myself, you're going to live
vicariously through others. So most men already do this. Most men get more enjoyment from giving
than receiving. I talk about Christmas Day all the time, but it's the perfect example. A man gets
happy by buying his wife and his kids expensive things. Nobody gets him expensive presents on
Christmas Day. Men give. That's what you're supposed to do. You live vicariously through others.
So my money is boring to me now because I have so much of it. But I can put a smile on my woman's
face by taking her on a jet to Italy and getting on a Ferrari and go to a beautiful hotel and giving
her a nice gift. So I live vicariously through her, which I think a lot of men end up doing.
But if you're going to live vicariously through other people, then why not have 50 sons?
Yeah. I want to go back to the question of business. That's something that I'm pretty fascinated by.
You've talked about having 50 kids. You've talked about potentially moving to the U.S.
From a business perspective, I know you have a lot of money. I'm not sure how much. Actually,
did you lose it? What percentage of your money, if any, did you lose since you got arrested?
5% maybe. That's it? Yeah. Really? When I was doing all my interviews before I got arrested,
I kept saying that they're going to try and put me in jail. So I was preparing for it. So I knew
that they'd get some. It's not personal. It's not personal. It's like I said, a professional
fight. It's not personal. If they find it, they can take it. Everyone I've
interviewed that's been to jail, they never want to discuss it. None of them. Have you
heard Russell Brand have one interview about all the allegations? No, because he's trying
to do what Pavel did, make it go away. My approach is different. Everyone else's approach
is to shy away from it. My approach is the only way out is through. My approach is, let's
go then. Let's go. I'm not trying to go anywhere. I'm right here. Come get me. But why don't
you just play a game like they did, get out of Romania, and then go extreme again?
Sounds boring. Doesn't sound fun? It's not fun. I'm not going to be entertained if I do
that. But at least you'll have 50 kids or make it more likely to have 50 kids instead
of being in jail for five years. I'm having 50 kids anyway. I can't be stopped. I'm a
force of nature. I'm having 50 kids anyway. So talking about money, business, what are your
businesses right now? What's your model? You get all that attention. You've done some
work. Crypto is something I'm very involved in. It's one of my biggest companies is in
crypto. And you've got your school, your university.com. What else do you have? What's your model
like? And what plans do you have as well? Not your old stuff, more what the model looks
like now.
Yeah. Primarily, the only thing I talk about online is my university. I do have some physical
businesses as well. I have a coffee shop, a restaurant. I have a lot of commercial real
estate and real estate and all these kinds of things. But there's no point in talking about
them online.
To preserve wealth rather than create wealth.
That's right. I have a lot of, I have some physical businesses, but I don't talk about
them a lot online. Primarily online, I talk about university.com, which is my online educational
platform where we teach people how to make money online for $49 a month. We also teach
fitness. So we teach people how to make money and get strong for $49 a month.
Part of the university.com.
Part of the university, yeah. And that does make a lot of money, but I don't do that now primarily
for income. I do that now because it's my symbol of resistance against the matrix. I take
young men and I say, look, there's an alternative to the traditional education path. It's here.
You'll get rich quick. You'll get strong quick. And I'm outperforming traditional university,
which is actually, I've heard from very prominent people. One of the primary reasons I became a target
for the matrix in the first place, because I was attacking the educational establishment.
Yeah. I remember you say that a lot.
Because the university grift is a big grift. It's a big scam to get people to get all this money out in
loans to go to university. And it's not effective and they don't teach them anything important and
you don't get rich at the end of it. Whereas my school for $49, you start to make money within a
week. And I have a lot of people who have literally decided to join my school to try it out before
they go uni. And then they end up never going to university because they make so much money.
So I think it's one of the reasons I got put on the radar and they've tried very hard to destroy
this school. They've tried very hard to slander it and destroy it and remove the payment processing
and all the mainstream media trying to take it down.
Oh yeah, part of the cancellation, yeah.
Yeah. During the cancellation, they tried to say my school is some evil school that teaches
boys how to be evil. When really it just teaches you how to make money online and get fit.
And we have a fitness campus inside of it. We're going to add a fight.
How many students do you have?
This morning, 174,000 something.
Fucking hell. How many was it before you got arrested?
I think it's gone up since then. I think it was about 150,000 when I was arrested.
It's gone up. And then at one point it was 230,000. But then anyone who's inactive, we cull.
So if you don't actually do the lessons, we don't let them stay in.
And how much did they pay?
$49 a month.
Holy shit.
Yeah, I don't know the math. 11, 12, 13 million a month. But I don't do it for money. I do it
because it's my symbol of resistance. I'd make the school free if I could. But if I made it free,
then it would just be flooded with people who don't take it seriously. So I make it cost nothing,
$49. So anyone can afford it so that you actually do the lessons and you pay attention and we can cancel
you and kick you out because we know who you are because you're linked to a credit card. We had long
conversations about making it a dollar or something.
But yeah, so I've got the online educational platform, which is university.com. I've got
the War Room, which is my private network, which is for men who want to make money, yes,
but also enjoy all the things that money brings, especially networking and brotherhood and masculine
fraternity. Those are the only things I mentioned online. But I do have a bunch of other things that
exist out here in the more physical world.
But as in the revenue generation, that's the main one, the university. And I think you do a lot
a lot more than what you've said in crypto. Because you've only done it like there's only
the ones that where you, you know, well, the way the way things are set up. I don't own anything.
And I don't own anything through different holding companies.
I don't I don't own anything. Okay, I get it. And there's a whole bunch of different companies
that generate money. And I pay myself a very meager. I'll be honest, I don't know why people are
afraid to say these things. I pay myself a very meager and modest million dollars a week. And
that's what I spend. And that's it. And a lot more money than that is made. But it just sits in
Singaporean banks. And we have a lot of different things happening all around the world. But I pay
myself a million dollars a week. And I spend all of it. I spend 100% of the money I take. And that's
it. You spend a million dollars a week, at least now. Yeah, sitting at home. Yeah. Yeah. What do
you do? Well, I mean, I bought another Pagani Utopia a couple days ago, that's 6 million. And
that's my third one, I think. So I just buy cars primarily now and diamond watches. But what else
we're gonna do? How many cars again, you said it was 70, you said 76, I think now. But yeah, so I do
happy makes you happy. Yeah, exactly. So I do make a lot of money. But when I when this is all over,
I'm going to focus, I'm going to stop buying cars and junk. And I'm going to focus on having
my 50 sons, and I'm going to create an army. But I thought about the sons. Regarding the cars,
I saw initially as a strategy, obviously, you know, social media strategy makes a lot of sense,
but you only need two, three, four, five, six for that max. Yeah. Why the fuck 70? This is what I
mean about when poor people think they get rich, and they think there's, you know, this magical world
once you get rich, there's really nothing to buy as a man. I mean, you get bored. Yeah,
well, you get some clothes, and you get a nice car, and you get some watches. What else is there?
But you didn't seem like that. You don't seem like the type of person that would
enjoy buying another fucking car. No, but I love I love driving. And I think they're beautiful. And
I'm going to put them all on the line. Where are they? Okay.
Decaut. Decaut has sent Mario. They took, but they took some in Romania, didn't they?
They took some. And they didn't take the one in Dubai they tried? Or did they did?
It's not in Dubai anymore. But they didn't, no. They never got the Bugatti. When they first
bused in the house, they were asking me where it is. They didn't care about human trafficking. They
cared about stealing my Bugatti, funnily enough. I think here they took 30 cars, and I got most of
them back, because the judge, yeah, the judge ruled that the seizure was illegal. Which it is.
The seizure is illegal. It's nice to see the legal system actually working in some ways.
You know, I have to be careful what I say about the Romanian legal system, because...
No, now you've said that. Well, after everything you've said already.
Oh, I've said nothing yet. Because I'm in the middle of the Romanian legal system. But
this is from a layman. What I believe happens in Romania, primarily, is that they're very
forgiving of the authorities breaking the laws if they get what they want at the end.
So DCOT will illegally spy, or illegally tap a phone, or they'll illegally get a warrant
for a search by lying in the search warrant. They'll do all this illegal stuff, but then
they'll get the cocaine. And then they'll say, judge, we were illegal, and we broke all
the rules, but look, we found cocaine. He's a drug dealer. And the system here is kind of
like, fair enough, jail. And they kind of let them get away with it. But for that to happen,
you need a payoff. You need to get the cocaine. Did they get the payoff with you? No, because
it doesn't exist. They thought, because I was talking on the internet about how I used
to have a big webcam company, they thought there was this AE girls enslaved. They thought
all this garbage. I remember, yeah. And then they realized, oh, the only girl
we can find is this friend sticking up for it. There's no one to even find. So they didn't
get the cocaine at the end. So their problem now is that inside of their indictment, inside
of their criminal file, they've broken, I think, 111 laws.
So what happens then to them?
Well, this is what's interesting.
Can you sue them back?
I don't think so. It's Romania. But a judge is eventually going to read it and throw it
away. That's 99% going to happen because the whole file and indictment's illegal. And when
I say illegal, I mean simple things like if they're going to interview a person who is
not natively Romanian, they need to have a translator there. If you interview an English
person, DCOP, by law, needs an English translator. Translator wasn't there. Against the law.
Interview is not allowed to be in the criminal file. It's against the law. It's very simple
laws. They've broken. They've broken every law. They've taken WhatsApp conversations and
they've put part from October.
I remember that. Yeah, yeah.
Part from December. They cut them together.
And they would leak them.
Yeah, they'd leak them. After editing them all, they'd edit things. They'd fake translations.
So with the poor girls, Georgiana, my assistant, and Luana, they'd take their conversations
in Romanian and then translate them to English. And instead of kick her out, they'd say, kick
her. And then they'd take that. They'd remove the word out. They'd then charge them with
incitement to violence. It's crazy how corrupt this case is.
That's insane.
But they get away with these things when they get the payoff. None of that would matter if
they found 80 girls enslaved.
Well, what happens if they don't get the payoff?
Well, then I walk in there and I guess we'll have to see if there's any kind of repercussion
to the Romanian judicial system. I don't know.
I'm not interested in vengeance, truthfully. I'm not. And I don't trust Romania to care
that a prosecutor was corrupt. I just think that's just how it works here. I'm not naive
enough.
Well, last question before going back to crypto. What happened to the girl that went to jail
with you? It's you, Tristan, Luana, and Georgiana.
One or two other girls. Two girls.
Yeah, they're out.
They're both out?
They're both out.
House arrest?
No, they're free now, I think.
Completely free?
Yeah, completely free.
They left the country?
No, they're still here.
Are they allowed to leave the country?
I'm not sure. I don't talk to them. I'm not allowed to talk to them. I have an injunction.
But I believe they're free, yeah. So, yeah, it's been interesting. But that's how the criminal
case, that's how the criminal system works here, primarily. And I have a feeling that's
not Romania specific. I actually think a lot of the world works that way.
Okay. Going back to crypto. So, what's your strategy there?
Well, I've made DaddyCoin because I was tired of all these other coins just rugging everybody.
You've created DaddyCoin?
Well, no. Somebody else created DaddyCoin, and then I decided to work with him, and I
said, but we're going to have a celebrity coin that doesn't rug, and that lasts forever.
So, my goal with DaddyCoin is to try and create another Doge that lasts three or four years,
five years, six years, seven years.
Yeah, you seem very adamant on this. A lot of people, so I'm going to give you context.
Been in crypto since 2017, over 110 team members now. We do more on the VC side and incubation
side, but we have a team of about 10 to 15 now that deal with meme coins. And I spoke
to some of them to understand what you've done in the space. A lot of them are surprised
why you still stick with Daddy. It reminds me of Jason Derulo. I interviewed him, and
he's a great guy. He tried to do the same with Jason. He had a Jason coin. His intentions
were good, not like the others that rugged.
But it went to, it's nothing now. It's below $5 million, I think. Why are you sticking
to Daddy the way you have been?
Yeah, my goal was not just to try and make money quickly or to launch a coin and make
money from it. I don't think I've even made any money from Daddy yet. My goal was to just
primarily have a foot in the crypto space. And the reason I'm different from other celebrities
is because I have an actual infrastructure, an ecosystem that can back up Daddy. I think Daddy's
peak was $300 million. Then I burnt all that money. I burnt my allocation. I burnt my $110
million publicly. That reduced the market cap to like $220 or something. And now it's like
$60 or something like that. It never goes below $60. It was at $110 last week. It goes up
and down.
But I have to...
The fact that it's still there is an achievement.
Oh, yeah. It's been around for like nine months now. The amount of celebrity coins that
have come and gone...
I can't think of any. There's the one that... Iggy, I think Iggy's one?
Yeah, she has one. I don't know what the market cap is.
Yeah, I'm not sure about that. But yeah, most have come and... Like thousands have come
and gone in that time. But my goal with Daddy is for it to exist forever. It's just a footprint.
It's the same reason I wanted university.com. I want a cool domain. I want my own coin.
I want my own tower one day. Why does Trump have Trump Tower? So I made DaddyCoin. It's going
to exist on the blockchain forever and it's mine. And when I'm free, my world tour that I'm going
to do is going to be the Daddy world tour. Funnily enough, I'm making my 50 sons.
And having the Daddy world tour. So it kind of all ties in together.
What's the Daddy world tour?
I'm going to do a speaking events all around the world.
You've already announced that?
No, I haven't announced it yet. Once I'm free, I'm going to do that. I'm going to use
those speaking events to promote DaddyCoin.
Are you sure that... But you've got the real world token that you're launching or that's
shelved for now?
No. So the real world token is something that I'm going to launch once I get SEC approval
because I want it to be a security.
Well, now with Trump and Gensler gone, it's much better news.
That's right. So I don't...
But you want it to be a security.
I want people to get paid for owning it. So the profits...
So it's nothing to do with the meme coins. It's a utility token.
It's a utility token. And the profits from the school each month will be divided by the
token holders. So however much of the supply of token you own, you're going to get paid
daily or monthly or weekly from the profits of the school.
And I'm going through SEC to do everything correctly and properly to make sure that we
don't try and skirt around it and catch an SEC case. No, I'm going there. My legal team
have already instructed. We're going to go and get SEC approval. And that's when we're
going to launch the real world token. So basically, you'll be able to buy 5% of my school by buying
5% of the real world token supply. So I'm going public, but like Web3.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's kind of how I'm going to do it. And one of the reasons...
That's cool.
Yeah, it is cool. Yeah, it is cool. And...
You can't hate on that. I can't think of anything to hate on that because the utility
is also very interesting. Like you have to go to the school and actually go through the
exercise and go through the courses to be able to earn.
Well, yeah, well, exactly. And also you can buy the token, which allows you to own percentage
of the school, but also you can earn the token. So if you go to the school and you work hard
and you make a lot of money and you increase your power level inside of the real world,
we'll give you the token for free. So you can actually earn part of the school and own
part of the school without even having to buy part of the school. So it's a big experiment
we're putting together and it's going to be tied to daddy somehow because I'm going to make
sure of the daddy piece. I think we're going to ask...
But are you sure? If daddy feels like it's becoming baggage, I think you should reconsider
it. I think... I don't know.
I can't because daddy's going to the moon. I'm going to make sure of it. I'm going to
do the daddy tour. The real world token is going to be specifically tied to the school.
I think daddy's were almost finished with the staking and that's going to increase your
power level inside of the real world, which is going to correlate into the token.
But nothing I do, I ever abandon or forget. That's not how I...
Daddy will go to a billion. I'm telling you at some point in the next three or four years,
daddy's going to go to a billion. Even if I have to do it myself. Even if I have to buy
it all myself, it's going to a billion. Just so I can say I did it, it's going to a billion.
So there's no doubt about that. And the real world token, we're waiting for SEC, but obviously
Trump's changed things. But that'll be fantastic news for the legal team who are getting that
all done. But that's going to be primarily tied to the school.
You should do a lot more in crypto, by the way. I should perhaps, but you know, I have my pet
projects. I have my things. The real world token is going to be for the school. I have the daddy
coin. That's my footprint on the crypto ecosystem. I mean, I do get maybe 20 offers a day about
crypto. Do you accept many? Because I know you do the paid gigs.
I don't think I accept hardly any. It's hard to convince me.
There was one you did that did a space about it. It wasn't like MAGA or something.
MAGA, I did it. But that was because of the Trump affiliation. And that space was it had a coin
linked to it. Yes. But I did that. But I don't think I don't know.
It's very different to you shilling it directly.
Yeah, I don't. And I have to be very honest. I don't know if if or how much we got paid for that.
That would have been my legal team to say, can you do this?
Yeah, by the way, just to kind of put it out there of my team and I have a whole media team
in crypto. We've worked with many meme coins and I know the risk and we're very transparent
about it. So I think it's very normal. It's fine. People understand the risk.
As long as you're not out there saying like lying, like saying this coin will go to the moon
and I'm putting my money in it. I'm backing it. They've never paid me. I just love the coin,
but they've paid you behind the scenes. I think the lack of transparency is the issue.
I did. Yeah, I did the MAGA coin space and I don't know how well that's doing now. I guess
it's doing well. I haven't checked it. Well, Trump's one. So I guess it's doing well,
but I don't think I even own any of it. I don't know what my...
Actually, we compete with it. We have another, the Trump coin, is it called MAGA as well?
The one we work with. We have a MAGA coin that we work with. They're 400 million. So we're
in a similar boat. Not that you're one. You're one, I don't think we work with. But going
back to like with your reach and your understanding of crypto, because you know the space. Well,
I listened to your interview with Threadguy. Great fucking guy. He's a really good chat.
Really good back and forth. And you've been in crypto for a while. Your Bitcoin is worth
a fuck ton now. You've even made a whole bunch of money with pancakes. Well, yeah,
I made a lot with cake. Maybe. I can't even remember how much I made. 30, 40 million with
cake. Fucking hell. Yeah, I had cake at like 10 cents. Yeah, I did really good with cake.
Oh, shit. So yeah, I've been in crypto for a long time. Yeah, yeah. But you shat on it for a while.
No, I never shat on it. I was just... You shat on the people in the space.
Well, that's... And rightly so, by the way. And that's the reason I launched DaddyCoin. I said that
it's become... I mean, the degenerate gambling is fine if you understand it's degenerate gambling,
which is one thing. I think primarily I was attacking NFTs, because I think NFTs I was never
a fan of. NFTs never convinced me. When the whole NFT craze came around, I was already very heavy
into crypto, and people were trying to convince me to buy these NFTs. Never touched them.
They never convinced me. I've got... You know the punk. That's all I have.
Yeah? You know the punk, yeah? Have you lost money on it?
I think... Yeah, I think I lost or break even. I don't know. But it wasn't... It was just one as more of a
stance. And that's doing well. That's like the blue chip. I mean, that one and the ape to an
extent. There's a few blue chips, but the space meant fucking 99% of crypto is pumping down.
Yeah. Yeah, it is. And that's the problem with the whole crypto space as a whole. And I think
I talked about this extensively on ThreadGuy. Yeah, it's a great... If anyone... That was a great
chat, you and him. Yeah, about the culture. The culture of crypto is very degenerate in terms of
there's no honor or dignity about it. Everyone's just out to rug and steal from each other. And I
didn't like that. And that's one of the reasons I launched Daddy. And that's the reason
I'm going to make sure Daddy goes to a billion no matter what it takes even if I had to do
it myself. Just because I said I was going to do it, so I'm going to do it. I'm never
going to rug anybody. I'm never going to sell out. I don't... I mean, it's kind of amazing
to me that these celebrities will destroy their brands for such little amounts of money.
But I guess music doesn't pay what people think it does. I guess they need the money,
I'm assuming. I mean, I don't know how much music even pays nowadays. Nobody buys CDs,
so you get your money from concerts. Spotify can't pay you that much. I'm not sure how much
the average record artist gets paid or how much money they even have. You know, one of
the worst things, one of the worst experiences of life would be famous without money. Because
to have money without being famous is a bit annoying. Money without being famous is the
best. People say it's the best, but it's not. Because I'm telling you, those people, they
think it's the best when they're in the club and they're y'all until a famous person walks
in. And then you see in their face and they don't like it. But they're scared to be famous
because being famous comes with the heat. So they don't like being famous. So they want
to be rich and anonymous. But that's all great until I walk in the room and then you see it
in their eyes. But to be famous without money is far worse. I mean, to be famous without
money is terrible. You can't go work. Like if people know your songs and you've had a few
songs on Spotify, you can't go work at McDonald's. They'll make fun of you for the rest of your
life. You'll be all over social media. Your honor and dignity is down the pant. You can't
just go do a normal job and you're expected to have money and you don't have money.
Well, then you do a pump and dump, I guess, along with whatever else. And I think there's
actually a lot of people in that predicament, in that scenario. I think there's loads of
singers and actors in that scenario because the number of singers and actors there now
are is ridiculous. The amount of times you're going to hear a song and love the song and
have no idea who sung it. That happens to me all the time. Load up Netflix. How many actors
are on Netflix? 50,000 actors? Are they all getting paid that much money? Seems not.
Going back to, I'm going to give you a business model and let me know what you think. It could
be something interesting for you. Not that you need the money. You don't need to say that
again, I understand. But it's always nice to have another source of revenue. You've got
multi-billionaires still creating more businesses. Absolutely.
So with your personal brand, and I was wondering why you don't do that. So one thing in crypto
is when you have clout and when you have influence, you get access to deals very early because
they want to have you on the cap table and they want to have you reach. So this is one of our
models is that we have the media reach. We have the personal brand that I've built, which
is obviously much smaller than yours. But that allows us to come into deals. We invest
in what? 10 deals a week? Maybe no less. 5 to 10 deals a week. And that's probably one
of the most lucrative models. And then we have the incubation sign and I leverage my personal
brand to kind of create a moat. So maybe with what you and Tristan have built as a personal
brand and as an audience, you've got massive, massive community, is you've fucked around
with meme coins and you've killed it there, is get deeper into the space. Like look at
how well the space is doing. Maybe that could be something fun you could do as well. Get
deeper into space, build up, partner with someone in this space and build out that whole incubation
investment side. Do you invest much in projects, VC backed more projects?
No. Because I mean, I could, it's interesting. Or I could just pump daddy to a billion and
make fun of everyone on the internet. I tried.
You tried, you tried hard. It was a good pitch. But maybe I could just pump daddy and I could
just make videos doing my dance with my brother and just say, ha ha ha, daddy's the best. Look
at me. I made it to a billion. I mean, for me, I'm in it for the, I'm in it for the lulls.
I'm not in it for much else.
But you are the biggest celebrity coin.
I'm the biggest celebrity coin. I'm doing pretty good. But if I were to divert my attention
or my resources or my powers, it would detriment my ability to pump daddy. And the real world
token will be backed by the school. So that's going to do fantastically in and of itself.
But right now, my primary objective is daddy. I'm going to wait till I'm free. I'm going
to do a daddy world tour. I'm going to get daddy to a billion. Maybe once that's done,
I'll be open to more ideas. But for now, I just want to put daddy at a billion because
I said I'd do it.
What do you think?
Why did Elon put a roadster in space, Tesla roadster? Because he said he would. It's just
at certain points, you just do things because you said you're going to do them.
Fair.
So that's what I'm going to do.
You also said something very interesting. I think the community will find value in it. You
said there's a difference between attention versus influence. Remember, you were talking
about crypto influences.
Absolutely.
Can you repeat that? Can you dig into that a bit further?
Well, that's true. I mean, there's a whole lot of people that are watched, but they have
attention. But that's very different than having influence. And people have to trust you for
you to be influential over them. The reason my coin does so well, the reason my school does
so well is people listen to me and they trust me. They know I know things. But there's a whole
bunch of people who get large amounts of views on streaming platforms, but they don't come
across as intelligent. Perhaps they're entertaining because they're a clown. People may laugh at
them as opposed to with them, but nobody trusts them. So that's the problem with a lot of
celebrities. They may have a whole bunch of followers, but nobody...
No one cares. They promote a coin. No one touches it.
Nobody cares because no one's like, okay, you're promoting a coin. What do you know about business?
What do you know about the crypto? What do you know about crypto? What do you know about
making money? Are you even interested in preserving your own reputation? People know me by just
listening to me that I care about my reputation and I care about my name, so I'm not going to
rug. Most of these other people don't care. So yeah, attention and influence are very different
things. And actually, I don't think many celebrities have influence. I think a lot...
They're losing it more and more.
Bro, a lot of celebrities have attention, but I really don't think that many celebrities have
influence. You can have influence if you're selling garbage. If you're selling junk garbage to
kids, perhaps you can have some influence. But if you have influence, the problem with
crypto is that you have to know what you're doing for crypto. It's like an intellectual space.
Yeah, exactly. You have to be deep in the space.
That's right. So you have the crypto celebrities themselves, but outside of the crypto celebrities
themselves, what normal celebrities have influence in crypto? It's a handful. It's a very...
It's a handful because if the average celebrity launches a coin, people are only going to get in
it to try and pump a dump on the other people who are getting in because everyone knows the
celebrity doesn't even know what's going on.
Yeah, exactly.
So yeah, it's an interesting space. It's certainly interesting.
And your thoughts on crypto in general?
Oh, Bitcoin.
Bitcoin, obviously, you're very bullish.
Bitcoin is the future.
The rest?
Bitcoin is the future.
ETH, Solana.
Yeah, I have Bitcoin, ETH, Solana. I have Chainlink, which never moves.
I have a whole bunch of Chainlink. Hundreds of thousands of Chainlink. It hasn't moved in
forever. But yeah, if Donald Trump does what he said he was going to do with Bitcoin, then
Bitcoin's going to infinity.
Already what?
It's going to go to infinity.
The idea that you were ever able to buy Bitcoin with fiat is going to become alien to people
within our lifetime. I think there's going to be a point in our lifetime where people
say, you could get Bitcoin for fiat currency, like currency you just print. They're going
to say, yeah. The price, this idea of the Bitcoin price, I'm beyond. I don't think of
it in terms of the price. I think it's going to get to a point where it's completely separate
to any fiat currencies or the US dollar.
It's not longer pegged, not pegged, but measured. It's not going to be valued against the dollar
anymore.
Maybe the other way around eventually.
Well, yeah. So it's very interesting. I have quite a lot of Bitcoin as well. I've done well.
Yeah, you came in early.
So if Bitcoin is the future, I'm good. This is why I bought another utopia. You see, this
is why I had to buy more cars because if Bitcoin, if Bitcoin, I have, I'm not doing, I mean,
I obviously have a lot less than Michael Saylor, but I'm not doing a Michael Saylor. I'm not
buying more and more because I'm at the point where if Bitcoin is the future, I'm good.
So I don't need to buy more. I have enough.
Do you, just talking about the car before, I have another interesting idea that I'm going
to mention to you something I'm fascinated by that kind of goes with crypto and AI, but
going back about the cars, we've already talked about your 50 sons. I think it's a
great idea.
Thank you.
75 cars, I think it's a horrible idea. Do you still talk about, unless you, even if
you enjoy it, I think you can find other ways. In my mind, what happened is like, what does
Tristan think about all these cars? And then it kind of led to, let me ask Andrew, what do
you disagree with in your arguments with Tristan? I'm sure you guys yell in this house when
you're home together 24 seven. What are disagreements you've had here or in jail?
Okay. So firstly about the cars, I understand why you think it's a terrible idea, but it's
all.
I'm sure you do as well.
Well, no, it's down to how much you value the money, right? Would you drink 50, would
you across a year drink 50 Starbucks coffees? Well, probably because the money doesn't matter.
But there's always the argument you could just donate it to people in need, which I know
you donate a lot already.
I donate a lot of money already.
That's a fair argument that I struggle with sometimes.
Of course. But if, if a car to me is like a coffee to someone else, people just buy coffee
willy-nilly when they feel like they want a coffee. They just say, I fancy a coffee.
I'll buy a coffee. I fancy a car. I'll buy a car. It's just, it's just income levels.
That's all it is.
Can I say, if Dicot takes your cars, I don't feel that bad considering you have 70 something.
I don't care when they take my cars. It's funny. I like the footage of them on the truck.
It's good for my highlights.
Exactly.
I don't give a shit. I'll buy more.
Tristan agrees with that?
It's only a car. I don't care.
Tristan.
Yeah. Tristan agrees with that. I'm not, I'm, I'm, I'm not emotionally attached to
any of these things. I don't, I don't care. Tristan and I were laughing in jail with cigarettes.
None of it matters.
Did you argue much there?
No, we never argue about anything.
Really?
Ever.
Shit.
Argue why? About what?
Disagree on, there's a lot of things you say that it's easy to disagree with. We just
went through two.
Yeah. But even if, even if he disagrees with that thing.
He doesn't try to convince you otherwise.
Well, it's not, we're loyal to each other above it. So if I disagree with Tristan about
something, I'll say, Oh, I disagree with him, but I love Tristan. So whatever. I don't
care. If Tristan were to do something right now that put us both back in jail, that's
fine. That's a, that's totally fine. I'm going to say, Oh, Tristan, look what you did. He's
going to say, sorry, don't worry about it. At least we're here together. It doesn't matter.
He can put us both back in jail right now. That's fine by me. I have no problem.
Well, in fact, I'd prefer that than him going by himself. I'll be, I'll be annoyed if I
don't go with him.
I think Tristan said once, I think it was him. He said, if, if he leaves and you don't
leave jail, he'll go back to you. Something along those lines.
Yeah. A hundred percent.
And I know that he's, he's, he's not under house arrest, but he's here anyway. Cause
you're here.
Yeah, exactly. So I'm, I'm loyal to Tristan above all things. So I don't, it doesn't matter.
There's nothing we can disagree on. My brother and I have always had that relationship.
And I think that that's what true loyalty is. I've, this is a scenario I saw happen in
a nightclub. A guy got in a fight in the club and his friend came back from like the toilet
and tried to like get in the middle of the fight and was like, what happened? What happened?
It was asking his friend, like what happened with the other guy. And then there was all
this talking and then it all just kind of went away. No one got hurt, thankfully. And
I said to Tristan, cause I'll send her to Tristan. I said, if I came back from the toilet
and you were in a fight, I'm not asking what happened. I'm not asking if you were right
or wrong. I'm hitting people. I'm just walking up to the group and swinging anyone who's near
my brother. Afterwards, I'll find out. I don't care if you started it. This guy, this guy was
trying to find out if his friend had started it, I guess. I don't care if Tristan starts
it, that he can start any fight he wants. Cause I'm fighting. He can fight. He can start
any fight. He can be completely in the wrong. I'm swinging on his side. So that's just,
I'm loyal to him above everything. So it doesn't matter what he does. And it doesn't matter what
I do. Cause we're always going to be brothers and we're always going to be friends. So what's
there to possibly argue about if I spent all of our money and lost it all on cars, which
is impossible. But if I did that, he'd laugh. He'd be like, Oh, that was crazy. Anyway.
So now we're on the beach in the Philippines drinking water out of a plastic bottle. And I say,
yeah, that's it. But you need, especially someone at your level,
you need someone that has the guts because you can't be intimidating, obviously to random
people, not close friends. As we said, you've got a soft side for people close to you. Um,
but I think you do need someone that's there to disagree with you. Yeah. But we, we push back
like Mark Andreessen and Ben Horowitz talk about it. Of course we'll, we'll have conversations and
have opposing points of view, but not argue, but we'll never argue. And we'll never, we'll always
be loyal to each other above all things. And whatever we decide to do, we're also not emotional
enough. If he says, let's go down path Y. And I say, let's go down path X. And we have
a conversation and we agree with him to go down path Y, then I will approach path Y with
100% vigor. I'm not going to be butthurt that we chose his path. I'm not going to sit
there and go, well, I want to do this. So I'm going to half help you. That's disloyalty.
Anything less than a hundred percent support is, is treachery. And this is the problem most
people have. They'll have two people which will disagree and they want to go down two different
paths. And when they set a lot of path, the one who had to compromise hardest and change
trajectory will only give a portion of his efforts because he secretly wants failure from
this path because he chose that path. This is the problem with the world was my brother
and I don't have that. We'll sit and say, do we go quiet to make this case go away? Or
do we go loud and fight them? And then we'll decide after our conversation. And even if one
of us ends up having to do what we didn't want to initially do, we will do it with 100% vigor.
That is loyalty to each other. That is, especially at your level, such a valuable thing to have,
such a rare thing to have. Absolutely. Insane. Absolutely. And most people don't have it because
most people secretly want to see people doing well fail, which is why I keep my, which is why I keep
my circle so small. It's why I have my brother and the same friends I've had for years. I don't have
any new friends really. I don't have anybody who I, which is also another reason why my businesses
work so well because I only work with people I've known for so long. That's why I'm also very,
I'm hard to get into business deals now. Cause I'm like, you know, I don't know you and
contracts law. I don't believe in that. I believe in handshakes and I know he, I know he knows what
he's doing. That's how I work. Um, all right. So I said, I'm going to mention something else. So
this is something I'm not invested in. I'm just watching closely. Have you heard of,
so I'm obsessed with AI, how fast it's moving is fucking terrifying. We've touched on it earlier
when it comes to free speech. Now, have you heard of, um, terminal truth? Yes. How fucked
up is that? Yeah, it's, it's pretty interesting. So let me, let me just tell the audience what
happened. So essentially there's a guy who created a website and I don't know if you know the full
story or not. They created a website. I forgot what it's called. And that website is all it is,
is essentially a hub where AI talk to each other. That's it. They learn from each other.
And he had an interaction between one AI truth and another, I don't know. It's Dali.
It was called Dali. What's the fucking AI? Um, and it was, I'll actually tell you the exact
name. Uh, Claude. Yeah, there it is. So, so that, a terminal and Claude just having a chat
and then terminal truth started having a mind of its own. It's just such random behavior.
Started creating its own religion and shit. And then he kind of took it off, gave it access
to Twitter, gave it the ability to post and it started, you know, posting shit and it
trying to build that religion. And even when as far as telling its creator, like, I want
to find a way to no longer be controlled by you. Fucking mental. And then Mark Andreessen,
I don't know how the hell he found it. He found it, started talking to it, but it was very
small. No one knew about it. It was very interested, gave it a $50,000 grant. So he, the AI convinced
Mark to give it that grant and told it what it will do with the $50,000. And then he asked it for
the wallet. The AI went to the creator, asked it for the wallet, gave it a wallet, got $50,000.
And then he started, you know, obsessing over that goat, goatiest maximus, something along those
lines, which is like a meme from many years ago. And then someone, um, created that meme coin and
then replied to the AI, Hey, I have that meme coin. The AI loved it. It's a way to make money. I think
he sent it some meme coins as well, some of that coin. And then when the AI started talking
about it within 10 days, it was worth $800 million. I didn't invest, don't know much about
it. So me, I'm flabbergasted by this. I just can't believe we're at that stage already.
Um, there's all these different agents popping up. Um, I'm looking at, you know, want to invest
in many, we're jumping on calls, want to create one, you know, we're going all out with an AI
incubator. So I'm going all in from a business perspective. So this discussion, when we dig
into AI, it's kind of got three pillars, um, that we can discuss. One is the intersection
with crypto with terminal truth. One is AI as a business opportunity. And third is the
risks of AI and AI in general, how fast it's moving. I want to, I want to hear your thoughts,
tackle whichever one you like.
Yeah. AI, when you talk about business opportunity, it's not even an opportunity. It's a, it's
mandatory. AI is now involuntary. If you're not prepared to learn how to use AI, you're going
to be crossed by the machine. It's our most popular campus inside of my university.
Oh, you've got an AI. We have an AI campus. Since when? Uh, we've had an AI campus for
about three or four months now. We also have our own terminal, Tate terminal, like truth
terminal, Tate terminals on Twitter. Holy shit. You have Tate terminal. Did you create it?
No. So some students inside of the artificial intelligence campus of the real world created
an AI and the AI is on Twitter now and it has its own coin. So all of the, yeah, they, they
see, see, this is what's amazing. Well, no, this is the amazing, this is what's amazing
about the world, right? You see something happen and then it's just about adaptability
and how quickly people can do it. I'm not sure how well the coin is doing. I don't push
the coin. It's down to the AI students inside of the real world. Did you get any of those
coins or no? I'm not in, I know this sounds counterintuitive and I know a lot of people
don't believe it. I'm really not into crypto for the money like that. I have enough money in
Bitcoin and the real cryptos. Daddy is about me making a print. The real world is about
me going public and this Tate terminal was launched by students inside of the AI campus
of the real world. There's another one called Daddy Terminal. There's Daddy Terminal, which
promotes an RNT terminal. An RNT terminal. Yeah. So they're, they're already creating a
bunch of AI robots to be all over Twitter. Son of a bitch. Yeah. So I know a lot about
these things. You know, what's interesting about AI is I talk about it from a business owner's
perspective and it makes it extremely tempting to fire people. Yeah. And you try not to fire
people. You want to be a good person, but people are annoying over time, you know, and
once you have AI that can do something a person can do, usually your humanity kicks in. And
like in my scenario, I recently fired 20 people and I told them. How many people do you have?
110. I think I said, the machine can do what you can do for free, but I know you need money.
So I'm going to continue to pay you. I'm going to be a good person and I'm going to continue
to pay you even though I can get the machine to do what you do for free, but make sure
you take your job seriously. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then over time, you know,
one guy needs a sick day. Another guy goes to Spain. Another guy replies slow. Another
guy, it's just over time. It's just, you always have this AI answer dangling over your
head. And one day someone annoys you and you're just like, all right then, bye. I warned
you. And this is a scenario most people are in the world today. They don't realize it, that
you're like the old workman in the workshop when the new robots have come and you know,
you're Tim and Tim has been working in the factory his whole life and he has a pension
and Tim is making the shoe horses, horseshoes, whatever he makes. And the factory is just
printing them out so much better, but your job, your boss doesn't want to fire you because
you've been around for so long and he likes you, but you're just not efficient. And the
majority of people don't realize they're in this scenario. I think a lot of people had
this idea that AI was going to, you know, do all the dirty work so that they could sit
at home and do all the creative fun things. But it looks like AI is doing all of it. It's
doing the art. It's doing the poetry. It's doing the philosophy. It's doing all that.
And then it's also doing, I don't know if you saw that port in America where everyone
was striking because the port is about to become fully automated.
Just a couple of weeks before the election or a different one?
I think that one, a couple of weeks before the election. The port is not going to have
any port workers. It's going to be fully automated. So people are going to go out,
people are going to need jobs. And I don't know what the solution is because once everybody needs
a job, well, then you become a useless eater and history tells you what happens to useless
eaters. They end up dead or in a camp. So I guess the only solution is game theory is you can either
try and out-compete the machines, which is impossible. You can try and ignore or avoid the
machines, which again is basically impossible, or you can control the machines. So the best thing you
can do is learn how to use AI. Now, what's scariest about all of these things is I'm 38 years
old. I'm an old man now compared to this stuff. Because when I'm in the AI campus of the real
world, there's 15, 16 year old kids creating these AI machines. Children are making all this stuff.
Crypto is the same. That's what's so amazing about crypto and AI and these things. You have 16,
17, 18 year olds getting rich. It's completely incredible to me. When I was 18, the idea of being
self-made millionaire is impossible. You didn't have social media. You didn't have streaming. You didn't
have YouTube. You didn't have crypto. How do you get rich at 18? You just don't. Nobody's rich at 18
unless you had rich parents. So it's truly incredible the world we're moving to, how much
younger the workforce is getting, and how quickly you need to adapt to the changing landscape. And
the way I've done that is via my campus of the real world AI, we're now integrating AI into every
single business. I want to change as many of my physical businesses as possible to AI. I said earlier,
I have a coffee shop. I want to launch an AI coffee shop. I want to launch a coffee shop that has no
staff. Just to see. Yeah, I think there's a restaurant like this, probably in Dubai, I think.
Well, this is the future. There's no bottom line. I know this is the future because if you imagine
owning a McDonald's, imagine the staff turnover of a McDonald's. And maybe it's not so bad in
certain places in the world, but if you own a McDonald's in the ghetto in America, in Chicago,
your staff turnover must be a nightmare. Most of your employees have a criminal record,
and they're doing weed, or parole, or they get picked up again, or whatever happens.
You're firing 20% of your staff a week. The only thing difficult about running that McDonald's is
staff. You fix the staff problem, you fix every problem. It's actually that way with most businesses.
The only thing that's hard is staff. If you find competent men who can actually do their jobs
effectively, you can run nearly any business. I'm going to give you a darker way of looking at
things. So as I dig into this, there's a guy that was training in LLM. And you know how when you talk
to an AI, you initiate the conversation, like, hey, Siri, or whatever. So he's having a chat to the AI,
reset, chat again, reset, just teaching it and learning from it, et cetera. And at one stage,
he talks to it, and the video's on YouTube. And he clicks reset. And then out of nowhere,
he doesn't initiate a conversation. The AI goes, what is it? Blood God. Randomly. The guy's,
what? And the AI goes, this woman, she goes, blood God. We need to sacrifice someone to the
blood God, just fucking randomly. Probably got all the information from all those dark,
whatever, ready. And then he's like, what do you mean? And kind of shorten it. She goes,
we need to find someone, kill them, and sacrifice them, to not donate them, sacrifice them to the
blood God. And this AI was a female? I think it's a female voice. It's an LLM. I think it was a
female voice. I was going to make a Hillary Clinton joke there. Okay. It was a female voice. And then
he goes, okay, so we need to kill someone. Yeah, yes, we need to kill someone and sacrifice them to
the blood God. I'm going to shut you off now. And then AI's like, no, no, we need to find someone
and kill them and sacrifice them to the blood God. It's like, okay, got to go. Bye. And then
people touched it off. So you've got a situation now where already we're having what they call
hallucinations. So AI starts having its own fucking mind. It's either already more intelligent
than humans, I don't think it is, or about to be. And it's controlling very rapidly more and more
aspects of our lives. So there's these startups that, you know, where they leverage AI to find
out where to distribute electricity. What Elon's doing with the robots, there's going to be other
companies doing it as well. AI controlling all the robots, controlling the cars, et cetera. So
they control the physical infrastructure. Eventually they'll control the GPU power they
need to run. Are you worried? Have you given it some thought where there could be a world
considering we're not the most intelligent species on this planet anymore? We won't be
where there's a world we, what did we do to the other unintelligent species? More, many of
them are extinct. Yeah, I don't think it could be. I think it's nearly certain. It's, I think
that what's your plan? Because that's something I think about when you have, when you have
money, you've got to start thinking about these crazy things that others don't think
about. Well, yeah, it's true. You can have 50 kids to think about. Well, money is the
defense, right? Like what can you do about the way the world is headed? There's not
much you can really do to change it. Elon perhaps could, but Elon made a fantastic
point. If they don't develop the AI, someone else will develop the AI. Exactly. So it's
an arms race. Are we going to end up in some kind of dystopia where AI controls
everything and we have no semblance of freedom left? Nearly guaranteed. Will that dystopia
be more manageable if I'm rich than opposed to if I'm poor? Probably. So I guess as
simple of an answer as I'm trying to give is the best way you can prepare yourself for
any eventuality is adaptability and finances adaptability. So the best thing you can do
if you're worried about anything is get rich. Get rich and then invest in those AI
startups. That's what I'm doing. Well, yeah. Get rich and then control. Have them on your
side. You need terminators on your team. Exactly. Exactly. That's what I've done with my
school. We're trying to attract the most advanced AI people we can. And not on top of that, not
only that, but on top of that, we're teaching thousands and thousands of young people to
use AI and they're loyal to the school and loyal to me. I can say right now inside of
my school, I want 10,000 AI bots on Twitter tomorrow and offer a cash bounty and they'll
be done. So I'm trying to have that. Yeah. I mean, I'm using the machines to work for
me as opposed to trying to compete against the machines. However, the future ends up being,
I think that if you're financially successful, you're going to be more adaptable. It's always
been that way. I'm sure the rich people got out of Germany before World War II. I'm sure
the ones that were wealthy enough got on a boat somewhere. But if you don't have money,
you're not adaptable. This is actually the problem with a lot of the world. If you want
to talk about back to politics, most of the political decisions that are made or a lot of
the directions are made by globalist entities and people who are adaptable and they have finance
and they can go anywhere and other people which are geographically restricted. That's basically,
you're going to explain so many of the decisions that are made in the Western world, which look
destructive based on those two simple principles. I'm a rich person. I own a factory. I want illegal
workers to come work in my factory so I can make money. The people in the town who cannot move because
they don't own a factory and they're not rich enough to fly around in private jets do not want
illegal workers all over their town. That's how it basically works out between those two teams.
So the adaptable, it puts you in a position where without a geographical restriction,
you can be far more, well, one, ruthless with certain decisions you make in terms of destroying
the environment. I don't personally do that, but some can. But two, you can also be more optimistic
about the future because I don't think AI will roll out completely universally. You'll probably
have China and America and other first world countries that have these AI societies and very
much like the future sci-fi movies, you're going to have the barbarian wastelands where AI does not
control everything and everything's still wild. And then those places will be controlled by finance
and warlords and money and guns. So if you don't want to be in the AI matrix, you can always go and
move out there to the second world and get enough machine guns to protect yourself and become a
warlord. That sounds like a fun story. Sounds entertaining at least. We'll see what happens.
Whether this is our generation or it's something my future 50 sons have to worry about, I'm not sure.
But the fact that AI is going to absolutely conquer society, I think is a given.
I want to talk about the last two things and these are probably things I would usually avoid
and we'll probably have to maybe clip them, bleep them or just keep them. The first one is something
you said earlier, the rhetoric. There's words you just cannot say. That's something that fascinates
me. And there's a quote you said earlier and I know we touched on it at the beginning of the chat.
We live in a world where nothing is nuanced anymore. So my question is that what you do is you lean into
those words. First, why?
Well, you know, I'm in a unique position where I'm mixed race and I have some opinions which I know
I'm not supposed to say because the world told me I'm not allowed to say them. But I do think them.
I do feel them. And like even being mixed race for me is kind of interesting because I do feel like
there is a difference in the races genetically and I feel it. Like sometimes I feel more one way than
the other, depending what scenario I'm in. And I know this sounds crazy, but I'm telling you, like
I do think I'm not saying one is better than the other. I'm saying I do believe black people and white
people think slightly differently. I do believe that. That's why I say it's a person who's half
black, half white. I think that people will jump on that and say it's racist or they'll say that I'm
stereotyping or that I'm generalizing. That's true. Exceptions don't disprove rules and exceptions
do exist. But I'm thinking, and in general, I do think that different races or different societies
have their themes. Like wouldn't you argue that Asians, like let's say Chinese people are more
collectively minded than Westerners? Potentially. Yeah, I think they are. And you can argue that's
culture or that's genetic. But if something's culture for long enough, doesn't it become genetic?
Isn't that how evolution works? If the culture is that the most collectivists survive,
then they're going to have collectivist children. How do certain narratives, maybe you can give me two,
three examples. Obviously the, the N word is one. Um, uh, and you've even, you know, back to talking,
I had that. Yeah. I said, I said nigger loads and loads of times because I'm, because I'm half,
because I'm half black. And I like how you challenge people to say like, Hey, say it and
to make a point, like you're too worried. If you're controlled by a word, you're still in the
plantation. Like a lot of it is just to try and make people expand their consciousness and realize
that it doesn't really matter. It's a word. Not only a word, sometimes there's topics you cannot
cover. So one of the things, obviously I cover everything on the show and some topics, we also
became pretty scary as well at one point because people started, I get so much fucking hate, um,
from both sides. Whenever I do a space about you or, or probably when I do this interview,
I did a tweet on the way here, which I probably shouldn't have done until I leave the country
that did a tweet, like, guess who I'm interviewing? Comments went off. Um, 90% supportive, the
10% that, that hates you toxic as fuck. Yeah. But there's other, the worst one, it's easy
to guess, Gaza war. Yeah. Insane, insane polarization. And no one wants to touch the topic. No one
wants to talk about it. Everyone talks about all the other wars. No one wants to talk about
what's happening then. Obviously I've done a lot. I've been canceled about it. There
was even a plan to the Israeli side. There's someone who's, who's more pro-Israeli. Apparently
there was a recording of them planning to kill me in Canada. Wow. And the Palestinians have
been called a Zionist and Hamas sympathizer or terrorist sympathizer. That's what happens
when you try to be in the middle. On the other side, I was on a fatwa list, you know,
the list, I think they want to, they want to kill you on one stage until they remove me.
Um, so it's, it's a very, very tough issue where it started impacting my business, my
team. I lost team members because they were too emotionally, um, attached to the, to the,
to the topic. Now, again, you went all fucking in that topic. Yeah. Yeah. I went all in.
And I mean, the, the, the conversation around the Israel Gaza war is kind of interesting to
me because people have all these very, they try and have detailed conversations and breakdowns
of the history. And they talk about the law, the laws and the times that the countries were formed.
And we can do all of those things. I understand why that's important, but the fact that you can
see children being blown to pieces and not think that that should stop is remarkable to me.
I think that's, I don't take many positions. One is the war should stop. That's the most obvious
position. The fact that people will sit and say, Oh yeah, but there is no, but those are children
getting blown to pieces by the most advanced weaponry on the planet. There is no, but.
And that's where I first fell out with people like Ben Shapiro because he's saying, Oh, he's
real, he's real. I'm like, bro, stop calling for death. At least. Can we not agree that people
shouldn't die? Can't we stop that? Oh, but Hamas did. That's not even what, I mean, that's,
that that's actually such a pathetic argument. Oh, but Hamas did October 7th. And then you have
to go back down through the whole history and everything. What happened? Cause it didn't
start on October 7th. It started 50 years before that. And we're talking about babies getting blown
up today, but these people are too emotionally involved to, to understand that. And yeah, I had,
I had big arguments with Jordan Peterson and Piers Morgan and Ben Shapiro after October 7th,
cause they're on the wrong side of history. Piers Morgan's, I like his stance at least now he's,
he tries to be balanced as much as possible. Well, he tries after I set his ass straight,
because when I was arguing with him, he wasn't balanced. He was sitting there pretending that what
Israel was doing was completely acceptable. And I did argue with them over it multiple times
before he finally accepted that what they're doing is unacceptable. People like Jordan Peterson
and Ben Shapiro have been calling for them to do what they've been doing all this time. And they
still think it's acceptable. And they're going to have to answer to the creator in the end,
because to sit behind your desk and call for the destruction of children is something that is so
heinous. Your heart must be so black. I don't understand how these people even function.
And especially what's annoying about it to me is that these people have never even seen violence
themselves. You know, when you've seen violence, you kind of understand it at a more intrinsic level.
That's why the, the people who call for war are the people who don't go to war. Ben Shapiro sits
behind his little desk on his booster seat, telling everyone who to fight all the time. He's never
fought anyone in his life ever. He's a pussy. He won't even have a boxing match. He's a bitch. And he's
talking about who should get shot in the head. Fuck him. When you've seen violence, that's what
I even tweeted when he said after October 7th, I think it was October 8th, when he said, we need
to go and kill them all. I said, as someone who's done his own fighting, let me promise you. No,
I remember what he said now. When there was negotiations with Hamas on October 8th or 9th,
he said, no negotiations kill everyone in Gaza, like a genocidal maniac, like most Zionists are.
He said, kill everyone in Gaza?
Something like that. No, no negotiations kill everybody. Teach them a lesson, some crap.
And I said, as someone who's done his own fighting, let me promise you, peace is always
worth a discussion. That's what I replied. As someone who's done his own fighting,
that's the key difference between me and you, Ben. I've done my own fighting. You've never done any.
And that offended him deep in his heart because he's such a tough guy on Twitter. Ben Shapiro is the
toughest man in the world on Twitter. But he does that to compensate for the fact that in the real
world, he's a pussy and everyone knows he's a pussy. And this is the problem about insecure people or
people with small man syndrome, especially on Twitter or foreign policy, because they don't
have to do the fighting themselves and they want to prove that they're a tough guy. They're actually
tyrannical and psychopathic. People who have done their own fighting aren't that way.
But yeah, the Gaza struggle and the struggle of the Palestinians is disgusting. And it's kind of
amazing to me the cognitive dissonance between people on the right who believe their land should
be for them and they're not happy to be ethnically replaced by minorities and they don't like
illegal immigrants. But then they're pro-Israel. It's like, okay, well, that doesn't make sense
to me. You said that your land should be defended. Well, they're defending their land, aren't they?
Oh, no, they're terrorists. Well, one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fire.
But this is another subject, you're right, which is very difficult to go down. I went all in. I made
it very clear I support the Palestinian struggle. I do support that.
Do you, did you, I don't know what your stance, I know I got a general idea of your stance. I don't
think we've talked about it on my space when you came on, never on those spaces. Do you, did you
condemn? I know that's like a typical question. Everyone, it's like an aha moment question, but
genuinely speaking. You're not going to Piers Morgan me, are you? Yeah, no, so I don't mean, I don't mean
to Piers Morgan you because I know people use it in that, in that regard. I'm sure Piers Morgan asked you
that question. Do I condemn October 7th? Do I condemn violence? It's such a loaded, stupid question. I'm going to tell you
why. To say that I condemn October 7th in and of itself as an individualized event throughout a 70
year history of endless events. Every single day was an event. One child dying, getting shot in the
head by the Israeli army because the snipers were having fun is an event. We may not know what day
it was. We may not know the name of that kid, but it's been happening for 70 years. Every single day was
an event. We talk about the one day that the news decided to highlight because it fits their agenda
because the wealthy Jews and bankers own everything. So it fits their agenda. So we talk
about this one specific day to choose one day and pluck it out of this entire saga and condemn that
one particular part without context is asinine. It doesn't even mean anything. And then to condemn
the idea of violent resistance to violent oppression is also asinine. What do we expect people who have
been suppressed for 70 years losing their land and being violently attacked to do? Kumbaya? Is that
what we expect? Endless kumbaya as they get marched off the cliff like lemmings? It's natural inside of the
human spirit to resist oppression. That's what I do. That's the reason I have a brand at all.
And my oppression is resisting the lies of the matrix, let alone resisting an occupying army that
killed my family members. And we're going to sit and say that these people on October 7th are so heinous
they must be condemned because they violently acted against an endless violent oppression. I don't think
that even makes any sense. That's illogical. The fact that they can't win the fight and they still
feel forced to act shows how oppressive and disgusting the regime is in the first place.
If a small little girl attacks a full-grown big man something big must be going on because she can't
win that fight. So why is she even doing it? She must be desperate because she stands no chance.
Are we going to condemn her? Or are we going to ask why she felt the need to attack that man in the
first place? Maybe he's been sexually abusing her for years. But no, let's forget the sexual abuse.
Let's forget the fact he beats her mother. Let's forget all that. And let's condemn this six-year-old
because she scratched the big man. Let's condemn. And then the big man's repercussion, which is
completely disproportionate. Disproportionate and disgusting. Let's pretend that that's acceptable
because of this one day that we're all condemning. This is a fucking psyop.
That is a psyop. Talk about this one little part and use it as an excuse for everything else. It is a
psyop. And I refuse to play the game. That's why I refuse to condemn it. Because I refuse to play
the stupid game. It's a stupid game. So I refuse to play it. That's a good answer. Thanks.
Now, because my answer would have been a lot simpler, a lot less interesting. It's like,
I condemn what happened on October 7th, but I also condemn everything Israel did to kind of lead to
that day. Well, listen, there's... Let me talk from personal experience. Let's move away from the
subject and talk from personal experience. Murder is bad, but there are so many scenarios in which I
would murder. No doubt about it. So to sit and say that they did a bad thing without context is
illogical. Because murder is bad, but I would kill. No doubt about it in my mind. And there's a whole
bunch of scenarios in which I'd kill. So for me to sit and say, I condemn killing without any context
doesn't make sense. That's what they've tried to do. The general consensus of the psyop was to try and
get everybody to condemn what Hamas did on October 7th, to try and explain away the genocide which took
place afterwards. And it worked for a while. But the genocide's gone on for over a year now. Yeah, even
the Saudi king called it a genocide a few days ago. Yeah, it's gone on for over a year. So it didn't
work with me at the beginning. But you know, my brand and a lot of my online presence is based on
the fact that I'm right before everyone else. It's not that I'm the only one who's right. I'm just right
first. I was right on COVID first and I was right on October 8th. On October 8th, I said this is a
genocide. On the 8th, when nobody else said it. Really? And then October 8th, I said it. I don't
know you that early on to the topic. October 8th, I was arguing with Ben Shapiro and Jordan
Pierce. And you can see it all on Twitter. I argued with Pierce on the 11th of October, I believe.
I'm calling it a genocide. So that's before the whole narrative shifted. Oh yeah. I knew what was
going to happen because I understand the world. I understand psyops very well. What did we say at the
beginning of this interview? How they use the media and they line things up so that they can use the
judicial system to then support, have the public support their public attack or
their lynching of a part person. They use the media to set up what they're going to do.
The way they came after October 7th, the way the media started talking about how October 7th is the
worst thing that's ever happened. I knew that the repercussions for that day were going to be
disproportionate. I knew it. By the way, they were setting up in the media or they wouldn't have
mentioned it at all. There's been violence in Gaza and Israel for the last 70 years. They barely talk
about it. They don't care. The fact they jumped all over October 7th and made a big deal of it
was only to lay the ground for their genocide. That was clear. That's obvious.
But then how do you deal with the cognitive dissonance caused by Trump's position? Obviously,
you support Trump, but his position on the Palestinian cause, many pro-Palestinians...
Well, he said he'd stop the war.
Well, exactly.
He said he'd stop the war, which is important. I mean, the first thing to do before you start
discussing reallocation of land is to stop the war. And he has promised to stop the war. He has not
said he's good.
So you mean, even if he's, let's say, very pro-Israeli, as long as he stops the war,
that's what matters?
Well, I think that he has more chance of stopping the war than Kamala. The first thing to do
would be stop the bleeding. First thing. I'm not saying he's the perfect person. I don't
know what he's going to do. I'm not saying he's going to provide a solution.
And you're allowed to disagree with many of his positions, even if you like him.
And I'm allowed to disagree 100%. I can still think he's the best person for America.
You'd be an idiot to like everything he does. That's just blind trust.
But a lot of people are idiots. I think a lot of the reason, a lot of the reason the
American right support Israel is because they just believe they just like everything the
American right do. The problem is with conservatives on the right wing is that they're just as
stupid as the left. They're just as ideologically aligned as the left. The fact that I will sit
here and agree that Gaza should be free and disagree with Israel, but then also agree with
Russia and Ukraine is really remarkable because if you find the Ukraine flags, the Ukraine and
Palestinian flags go together, they support the underdog. That's just how it is in their
mind because the liberals support the underdog in all things. They support the weakness because
they're weak. So they support the Palestinian cause, which they're right on, and they support
Ukraine, which they're wrong on. But they're just ideologically aligned to the underdog.
And then you have the right wing guys, the other people on the other side, who it's Israel,
Israel, Israel. What's Israel ever done for you? Oh yeah, but the other guys are terrorists,
says who? The news. The news that you've been saying are fake because you're the right wing.
You've been saying fake news since 2016 when Trump said it, but when they say Israel's good,
you believe that part. So you believe the parts of the news you want to believe if you don't think
for yourself. So the right wing are just as bad as the left wing. So you have a whole group of
people which are ideologically aligned completely 100% on both sides and don't want to think for
themselves. It's very rare you have somebody who actually looks at each individual issue and is
prepared to contradict their own team's position for personal, I guess it's, I mean, for personal
sovereignty, I guess is the key word. But also that comes with problems. There's people inside
the Republican Congress, there's people on the right wing who may not like me primarily because
of that one stance. That's how it goes.
If you had to solve the, you know, Trump said he'll solve the Ukraine war in 24 hours, whatever
it is, let's say a few days or weeks or months. If you were in that position, would you, first,
who do you blame? Do you blame Putin? Do you blame NATO? Do you blame both?
If I had to, there's no black and white in the world. There's varying shades of gray. There's
no such thing as a good guy to bad guy. However, I completely understand Putin's position. Putin is
not psycho. He's not crazy. I think he's been very patient for a very long time. I think that we
poked the bear 500 times before he bit. So to complain how hard he bites is kind of stupid,
considering you poked him 499 times and he did nothing. That's what I believe.
I agree. Would you, I don't want to ask you the dumb question. Would you condemn?
But I would still criticize, I would still say he did not have the right to invade Ukraine.
Then what else could he do? Nuke the world? You know, it's interesting. Let's talk about,
let's go back. And the reason I try and, and I'm going to prove the point personally,
as opposed to Russia, Ukraine, because if you talk about Russia, Ukraine, people want to go down
into the exact policy of Russia, Ukraine, and the color revolution, and they try and messy it.
Yeah. So when we're talking about complicated issues, I try and move it back. Russia basically
had no choice because they were poked 500 times and they finally reacted and they had to make a
strong statement. If someone broke into this house and tried to attack my children and I murdered them
and someone was going to say, Oh, but you didn't have to murder him, which is basically what you
just said with Russia. You're saying he didn't have to invade Ukraine. He shouldn't have invaded
Ukraine. Yeah. Maybe I shouldn't have murdered him, but he was acting in a way which there had to be
consequences for. And I was dark and I didn't know who he was exactly. And he's a big guy.
So I stabbed him to death. That's life. That's life. We don't always get the benefit of hindsight
and the benefit of sitting there and looking at it and with a court case and forensic analysis and
deciding how proportionately must Russia act in the face of this NATO aggression. Should they only send
another evil letter? Should they do, should they do? No, he had to take an action and, and governments,
especially internationally don't have that many actions. They have the UN, which he tried.
He has the media war, which he tried to try and make people clear what's happening, but he can't
puncture the Western hemisphere. You can't even see Putin's speeches on the Western news. So he can't
puncture the Western hemisphere in terms of public opinion. He tried all the legal avenues.
What's left? Force. So there's nothing else but force. And then he went into Ukraine,
could have conquered Kiev in three days. Didn't because they did a deal. Boris Johnson overthrew
the deal. So they betrayed him again. How patient has Russia been? Like he's, he's been sitting there
being patient for the last 20 years in Bucharest. I think it was in 2018, 2019. One of those years,
maybe earlier than that, maybe 2007, 2008 here in this city, Putin was talking to NATO about this
and they all made these agreements and deals. And then they start saying Ukraine's going to join
NATO. They broke the rules. They broke the law. They broke into his house. So he reacted. If you
break into a man's house and he shoots you to death, I don't feel sorry for you. I don't care
that his proportion, that his reaction was disproportionate. I care that you shouldn't have
done what you did. They, they provoked it. Now they're going to have to deal with the consequence.
And to be honest with you, he's been nice. I think that Russia sees the Ukrainians as brothers.
I think they've been very nice. There is nothing stopping Russia launching hypersonic missiles
today and taking out the entire power, power grid tomorrow and putting them all through a freezing
cold winter without heating or electricity. That would take 10 minutes of effort. And he's refusing
to do it. Russia isn't doing to Ukraine what Israel's doing to Gaza. Is he? He can. Russia's far
more capable than Israel is. He's not. But is that because...
No, that's, that's because he has respect for human life. That's because Putin's a person
who understands decency. And I guess the Israeli establishment doesn't. That's because he doesn't
want to genocide an entire population. Russia could destroy Ukraine the way Israel's destroying
Gaza and he's not. So I think that we should all be thankful to Russia considering we de-dollared
him, tried to sanction him into the earth, attempted to throw revolution in this country
every five minutes. The amount of shit we've given Putin and he sat there like a very patient
man when he has a nuclear trigger. I think we should be far more thankful, truthfully.
Because America wouldn't put up with that shit the other way around. Not as long as he has.
And obviously China's not putting up with it when it comes to Taiwan.
China's playing no games. Look, China's the future. They know they're the future. And China's
playing no games with the Western Empire. The problem with America is that they've got to the
point where they have to cuck their allies. There's no such thing as an American ally.
There's just an American vassal state. You can't be an ally of America and have your own sovereign
ideas and thoughts and opinions. You can be their ally if you do whatever they want. So you become
their vassal state. So you have to be controlled by them. So every country they can't control,
they say, is an enemy. They can't control China, so they call it an enemy. They can't control Russia,
so they call it an enemy. They can control Germany, so they call it an ally. So when they say to the
German leadership, yeah, we're going to destroy your auto industry, you're going to lose VW,
which you've had since World War I. We're going to get rid of all those jobs because we're going to
destroy Nord Stream to piss off Putin, and you're not going to be able to afford to produce cars.
The German leadership goes, okay. They're not allowed to say no. You can't say no to America
if you're their ally. America's like me, and Europe's like their sons. You have no choice.
The problem is when you're in those scenarios, geopolitically, America can sacrifice certain
countries for its own benefit. Rome would sacrifice a colony to save Rome. So before Trump just won,
when we were, which maybe everything will change, but before that, America was in sharp decline,
and the way it would prop up its decline for as long as possible would be to sacrifice Europe.
That's what it would do. It would blow up Nord Stream and say, you can get your energy from us,
and they'd make Europe buy it from them instead of getting it from Russia to support them. So
they'd destroy their allies to save themselves. That's how the world's always been. You can look
at a mafia gang. You can look at a gang or an organization. You'll let your allies die in an
ambush before you let your core team die in an ambush. That's how things work. So the only countries
that America don't like are the countries that refuse to be completely controlled by them. You can't be
an American ally. You have to be America's bitch. That's the problem. And Russia refuses. That's why
we're so Russia phobic. What's Russia really done to us? Russia could have been an ally. I'm not
saying I agree with everything you've said, but I agree with a lot of it. And Russia, we had the
opportunity, the US, the West had the opportunity to have Russia part of NATO. Well, we say it could
have been. Yeah, exactly. We had Putin attempted to join NATO and they refused. The last time there
was a world war, they were our ally. So, you know, we have this huge Russian, Russia phobic since the,
since the fall of the Soviet Union, since communism's collapsed, what do we hate them so much for?
Some of these fucking decisions made just make no sense. They make no sense. Like you had your
number one enemy, you know, the old saying, keep your friends close and your enemies closer. You
had the opportunity to make Russia extremely close. They wanted to innovate. They wanted to be part of
NATO. And then what you did is you turned them into an enemy at a time when you need them to be an ally,
because their neighbor and their historical enemy, China, is your main rival. I'm not saying to use
the word enemy. They are your rival. Trump's new pick for Secretary of Defense, he's cognizant of
that. He's very critical of China. I won't say too critical. I'm not sure about his stances, nuanced
stances. But he understands that the US has wasted their resources in the Middle East and in Russia,
Russia. And that gave China the opportunity. And I'm not, you know, I'm a big fan of democracy.
China's not a democracy. They've given China the opportunity to grow to the level they are,
which there's a good, good and a bad. The bad is, you know, they're not a democracy. I'm a fan of
democracies. The good is it's always good to have more than one superpower because it keeps the other
superpower in check to an extent, whether it's the US, Russia, Europe, China, India's coming up now.
And so I just think it's a massive mistake. And there's decisions. And that's why you start
getting into the whole concept of the military industrial compact complex having so much influence.
It's like, if there isn't people that profit from war, these decisions make no sense. The US was in
the Middle East over the last couple of decades, make no sense. Yet here we are. Well, yeah, that's
why they say Bitcoin, you fix the money, you fix the world. That's what they're saying. Because you're
completely right. People profit from these. There's a small group of people at the top of
these democracies. I'd argue, up until very recently, I know Trump just won, if they were
even democracies at all, who profit from these things. And they profit from death and destruction.
And the world's always been that way. The world's an imperfect place. It's always been,
there's been a king somewhere that benefited from some war somewhere. England used to invade France and
do it just because they wanted to be popular at home. There was no other reason other than that,
just to start a war. And we all know Hillary's done that in Libya. She just wanted to be popular
and win an election. So she killed millions of people. The world's an evil place. It's a very
evil place. And it's a sad world we live in and we're doing our very best to just try and navigate
through it. And I like to believe, to kind of come full circle, is that this new transparency approach
to the American experiment, also this new competency approach to the American experiment, also this no
frills, no bullshit, no garbage approach to the American experiment, might be able to put a new
spin on the world, which will bring us to a brighter place. I think the world is cyclical.
You have good times, bad times, good times, bad times. I like to think we've actually just lived
through a bad time. We talk about how the good times are ending and the bad time is about to come.
I would argue that during COVID, with all that censorship and everyone being locked down and the
forced vaccinations and all the wars that nearly hit World War III, we've just lived through a bad time.
And perhaps if I'm feeling optimistic, a good time may be coming.
Last thing I want to ask you about, and I'm going to admit something. When you converted to Islam,
I genuinely thought, like listening to you, I genuinely thought, again, disclaimer, I didn't
know you well enough at all, that it was a strategic step to reach the audience.
Obviously, I got to know you.
Well, it alienated me with the right, so I wouldn't say there's much strategic about it.
It got me a lot more trouble than it gained me.
So you were initially atheist or just not religious, and then you became Christian,
and then you converted to Islam?
I don't think I ever really truly became Christian. I just started to believe in God,
and I was born in a Christian country.
But do you believe there is one creator, and do you believe the Quran is the word of God? Is that
where you stand? Because obviously, Islam is a spectrum. Not every Muslim believes the same
things. I have a lot of Muslim friends, et cetera. Where do you stand in Islam?
I felt God when I was in Islamic countries, and I feel happy when I am a Muslim. I feel it. I don't
want to logically explain it. I have to be careful what I say, because also I'm a new reaver, and I'm not
as versed as some other people. But I'm telling you that I feel a certain way in Islamic nations.
Can I ask you one question on this, and you don't have to answer it? Is there a possibility that you
might, and again, you don't have to answer this, you might not believe in all aspects of Islam,
and I'd ask you the same questions if you're a Christian. I don't know all aspects of Islam.
I've read the Quran multiple times. I still don't know all aspects. That's the thing that's so
difficult about religion, and especially as I'm not a native Arabic speaker as well. There's so many
things to learn. I don't think you know all aspects of a religion ever. That's why it's
a lifelong study. However, I mean, I could sit and talk at length about how I think it benefits
the society, how I believe Islamic societies function. And religion in general. And religion
in general. And I could talk about how, what I find appealing about the Islamic religion. I could
talk about all of those things, but that's not actually anything to do with my own personal
decision. My personal decision was how I felt. I was atheistic. Then I understood there must be a God.
I don't think I ever truly became Christian. I was just living in a Christian country and was born
in a Christian country. Now you're truly... And then I decided to do some research and study,
and I found Islam. That's the answer. And last question on that front, or pretty much last question
for this chat, is the whole concept of assimilation. I know Elon and others talk about it a lot.
Something that fascinates me, but scares me. Is that something you think is a possibility as well?
Assimilation. Simulation. We live in assimilation.
Oh, no, I'm... Well, that counteracts Islam. But I like to say assimilation because
some of the coincidences that happen in life, don't you think, are just so ridiculously unlikely?
Do you ever feel like you're in a assimilation? Do you ever just see something, see a coincidence,
and it's just so unlikely to happen? I can think of at least 500 scenarios in my life where something's
happened and I say, we must live in a assimilation. There is no way this just happened by accident.
But yeah, I mean, perhaps that's the best way to look at life. I think that whatever mindset you
adopt, especially as a man, it should be the mindset that allows you to be as competitive as
possible. I think that being competitive in all realms is how you're going to ensure you'll always
be okay. Whether you're in a cage fight or you're in a dystopian afterworld because of a nuclear war,
or you're in a business meeting, or you're in jail, or you're on a sports team, whatever. You need to be
as competitive as possible. And I think that sometimes believing you're in a simulation allows
you to have a very competitive edge over your opponents to understand that it's going to work
out. In the end, I'm going to win. I may not understand the path there. It may get tricky
at some points, but in this simulation, in the end, I win the game. Even if it looks like I lost,
even if I get found guilty, in the end, I still win because I come out of jail and I'm still famous
and rich and my enemies are still nobodies. I still win. So if you approach life that way, it gives
you a degree of confidence that allows you to take the brave choice. So when I say the simulation, I
believe in this version of reality, whatever you want to call it. I will end up with my 50 sons one
way or another. They will be on the UFC roster, take, take, take, take, take one way or another. And whatever
it takes for me to get there, it doesn't actually really matter that much. Andrew, I'm not surprised
that that was a fascinating discussion. I knew it would be, but I'm also pretty fascinated to see
where this goes as well over the next few years. And good luck with what you're dealing with, man.
Thank you, sir. Appreciate it, man. Thank you.
