Katie, thank you very much for coming.
Thank you for having me.
Welcome to Romania.
It's a nice place, actually. I like it.
Have you ever been before?
I've never been before.
So I hopped out a few days early to understand a bit of the place,
understand why you might be here.
What have you seen? Tell me your observations.
I wanted to get it because I like to scurry around on the roads like a little rat
to find out a place where someone is because I don't really understand
or didn't really understand why you're here.
But I think I might do a little bit more now.
What have you seen? Why do you think I've moved here?
I think Romania makes you feel more free
because it's a country that pretty much lets people get on with themselves.
It doesn't seem like it wants to interfere in people's lives,
which might be a post-communist thing.
And also it's quite a male culture, so the male role is very clearly defined
and the female role is very clearly defined.
And I think here, even as a stranger in a foreign land, you feel more at home.
Yes, I think you're absolutely correct.
It's the most Christian country in the world.
And despite their recent events towards me, which we can talk about a little bit later,
I think you're absolutely correct.
I think when I was looking for a place to live, I realized when you analyze the world,
you have to either be afraid of the law or you have to be afraid of the criminals.
And there's nowhere perfect.
The worst places on the planet, you'd be afraid of both.
Like America, for example, you have to be afraid of the criminals and the law.
They'll both wreck you, right?
In England, you don't have to really fear the law so much.
They'll try and take your money away.
But I think the police are pretty inept and useless as a whole for anything besides coming for us.
But then you have to fear the criminals.
Look at London now, right?
So Romania is a very safe place.
You didn't really have to fear the law or the criminals.
It was a pretty safe place where you were left alone to do what you wanted to do.
And it felt very free until this recent episode.
But we can go down that rabbit hole as to whether it was even Romania who did that at all.
But I think for the people at home who aren't exactly familiar with who you are,
you can tell everybody your story because you and I have had some similar experiences.
And then we can have a nice complaint about the world.
We have gone through, I think, we've gone through some very similar things in different times.
And so I should explain to people that my name is Katie Hopkins.
I am the most banned woman on the planet.
Congratulations.
Thank you very much.
No problem.
I should explain that I am a woman because there is always questions about that.
And currently I have something wrong with my voice.
And so I sound like I'm off a RuPaul drag race.
So it's really not helping with the whole trans thing.
But just to clear that straight up, I'm the most banned.
I'm banned from countries.
I'm banned from South Africa, banned from Australia.
South Africa?
Why does South Africa ban you?
Why South Africa?
Because I, so my work is really just telling truths from the road.
I say that's what I do.
And I go places, spend time in places to show people what's actually going on.
So I went to South Africa, slept on South African farms.
White South African farmers are being hunted from their land by black gangs.
I went there, lived on those farms for three months when the monsters come.
Wow.
And on leaving the country, because the ANC became aware that I was in country, on leaving, they had fiddled and altered the system, changing the country I was born from.
So my passport didn't match who I was, and I was held at South Africa, detained, my passport taken.
Wow.
I was going to be taken off to a cell.
There were lads in the car park of the airport, ready, loaded, ready to go if I was going to be detained, because you don't come back from that.
And as a result, I was banned because I was trying to tell the story of the white farmers.
So that was, that's South Africa off my list.
And Australia?
Why did Australia ban you?
Australia.
I'm a bit jealous.
I've yet to be banned from a country, yet.
I know you think you're just this like Billy Big Bollocks, but in fact, you've really not even touched the side.
I haven't even started.
What have you done?
What have you done?
You've just done a bit of jail time.
Yeah, it's true.
You're right.
That's it.
You're right.
That's it.
You're right.
So Australia, with the insanity of lockdowns and the tyranny against the people, at that time, Australia was one of the worst.
Yeah.
So there was this guy, Dan Andrews.
I remember, yeah.
Right.
And it was so, you weren't allowed to browse in a store.
They had commercials telling you, you don't browse.
You had to keep your trolley or cart or whatever language we speak moving at a certain rate of knots in the supermarket.
Draconian insanity.
Like, totally.
And at the same time, they invited me to go over there to do Celebrity Big Brother, which you'll know is a show for idiots and retards.
And so I said, yeah, sure, I'll do that.
Yeah.
And so I went over.
They put me into prison quarantine because, and respectfully, it's not prison like you know.
And after two days there, bear in mind, no one was allowed to go there.
No one was allowed to go back to their children.
You couldn't go to see your dad if he was dying in hospital.
And they flew me in to do Celebrity Big Brother with Caitlyn Jenner.
Yeah.
And Meghan Markle's brother, whatever.
And so after two days, and I was not allowed to say where I was.
I was not allowed to say what I was doing there.
I was not allowed to go online.
I was not allowed to breathe.
I wasn't allowed to leave my room.
I wasn't allowed to open the door.
And I was suffocating with the insanity.
I was doing anything to try and get attention from anywhere, like standing at the window
of my prison, like flashing at the offices.
Not that that would, but maybe just some sympathy that I would elicit.
Yeah.
But it turns out the offices were locked down as well.
So no one opposite me on my balcony could see me either.
And I was like, right.
And so I went online.
Bear in mind, I'm not allowed to be online.
Went live on YouTube.
And then I kind of got excited.
And I said, you know what?
Because the military were going up and down the stairwells, up and down the corridors
to check that no one was trying to leave the hotel lockdown.
I was like, the next time they knock on my door and deliver my food, you were supposed
to wait 30 seconds to get the food because COVID knew.
And I had an egg timer I was supposed to turn.
Because COVID would know.
Anyway, I was like, the next time they knock on my door, I'm going to get naked.
I'm going to cover myself in oil.
And I'm going to run down the corridor.
And I'm going to grab, this works better if you had hair.
I'm going to grab the security guard by this head.
And I'm going to drag him back to my apartment.
And I'm going to do, and I made some sexually, physically gestures that are not appropriate.
And I am going to do bad things to him.
And then that went crazy.
Wow.
So BBC, Al Jazeera, CNN reported that that actually happened.
Wow.
That I'd run the apartment block naked.
Wow.
That I sexually violated security staff.
And I was fined, banned, deported from Australia.
I am very curious.
See?
Yeah, I'm very curious.
Well, it's true.
I'm very curious if Australia is going to let me in when I finally get out of this debacle.
I'm not sure if they will or not.
Oh, well, they'll have so much fun talking about why you shouldn't be allowed.
Of course, yeah.
And do they already know that you want to go?
Not yet.
Because I saw the recent stuff.
Who was it?
The Economist, was it?
That pushed some stuff out about the fact that you are 100% to blame for young boys deciding that maybe they'd quite like to be a bit stronger.
So I wondered if that was a preliminary for you trying to be there.
Oh, yeah.
Everything's my fault.
Absolutely.
And this is how the MSM works.
Absolutely everything's my fault.
It is.
They found some idiot.
I don't know.
I can't even remember what crime he committed.
Some idiot did something.
And the entire report wasn't about who this idiot was or what he did.
It was you.
It was that he followed me on Twitter.
Yes.
And I was like, well, 9 million people follow me on Twitter.
It doesn't matter.
One day he liked your tweet.
And that was why he turned into a mad cat rapist.
Literally.
I know.
It's so interesting because.
I don't know why you have a problem with it, frankly.
Well, if Taylor Swift, I'd like to see someone crash a car listening to Taylor Swift.
And then to blame the whole car crash on Taylor Swift's music.
That would be fine.
Taylor Swift fan.
Vehicular homicide.
She's fine because she's pro-Biden, so she can't be touched.
She's the untouchable.
So let's start off with an easy question.
Let's start off with something more normal.
Our conversation is a bit odd because we've both come at it from like, oh, yeah, I'm banned
from South Africa.
I'm banned.
Oh, I've been in a Romanian South.
We're not kind of standard in that regard.
That's right.
Do you think the law is real?
Do you believe in the law at all?
I'm just going to give you my, I don't want to taint your answer.
Okay.
But in my experience, I've come to the conclusion that it's all just made up garbage and it's
completely subjective and it's unfairly applied and the law is so complicated.
Nobody knows the law.
People sit and say, oh, I live in England or I live in America.
You don't know the law.
You haven't read the book.
And if you did read the book, you still wouldn't get it.
And it probably changed by the time you finish reading it.
Nobody knows the law.
They can hit you with anything at any time.
And then you say, well, how is it applied?
Judges.
What's a judge?
And then you start to sit and think, well, if my legal predicament can affect the entire
population as a whole, would they really leave that decision up to some random judge who went
to law school or would there be something else involved in it?
If my guilty or innocent is going to affect the populace of an entire nation.
And then you start to think, is this all just bullshit?
Is it all just made up?
You agree with me?
Well, there's three things.
And when I was little, you know, you grew up believing in them.
It was very, very reassuring.
So my father would say, the law's the law.
The law is the law.
And I'd be like, and my mom would say, you can trust a teacher.
And then if you had a problem, you know, when you were little, you were told, if you've
got a problem, you go to the police.
So there's the law.
There's democracy.
The idea that your vote does actually count.
And then there's also medical science.
So this idea that doctors do no harm.
And then as you grow up or you have a realization or you come to where I've come to a long time
ago, which is you realize the law is an illusion.
The law is simply a tool of control.
And that it can be manipulated in any way and interpreted in any way, according to the
behest of whomever is paying to make it that you are always guilty.
And it's why it breaks my heart sometimes to see good people.
And when I say our side, I don't mean color, race, religion, nothing.
I just mean people who want everyone to be as free as they can be and as happy as they
can be.
When you see people saying, well, I'm going to take this to court because inside your soul
somewhere, as I did, you believe it is not possible they can find me guilty or wrong
because it's so obvious.
I never caused someone in my case, serious harm.
But it turns out that isn't the case.
It'll be whatever they decide to shut you up.
Yep.
It's all a scam.
And you're completely right.
And you just mentioned the medical system, the judicial system, the legal system, the
financial system.
Every single system is a scam from head to toe.
And then what they're trying to do is shut up the people who point that out as opposed
to fix the system.
And what is really, really powerful that doesn't get spoken about is it is much, much, much
more comfortable to believe in the things.
Oh, completely.
It is much better for me.
If I was, you know, your regular retard, it is much better for me to believe in law.
It is much nicer for me to think that there is justice.
Of course.
Oh, and Lady Justice is blind.
No, she isn't.
And it's much more comfortable for me to believe that this doctor actually will help
me.
Yeah.
I prefer that.
So when someone tells me you're a monster, look at him saying all these things that the
law is not the law and finance isn't finance.
I don't actually, I don't really want to believe what I'd rather think you were a monster and
a predator and an animal and the biggest bitch in Britain, because I don't think I want to
know what he knows.
Yep.
And that's the, that's actually the sophistication of this model.
It is much easier to be a moron.
Oh, absolutely.
There's willful, willful ignorance because you're right.
Your worldview changes and it's a very scary place when you realize that everything you're
supposed to rely on.
Sure.
And you just want to run away, right?
You don't want to go near.
It's, it's not, it's much better to just believe that you're monsters and you're conspiracy
theorists and you are crazy.
Completely.
And even people close to me, they said, but you've done nothing wrong.
Why don't you, you just get a, just get a lawyer.
I'm like, Oh, I didn't think of getting a lawyer.
Oh, fantastic idea.
Let me just get a lawyer and tell him I didn't do it.
You fixed all my troubles.
Why didn't I think of that?
The whole thing is a scam.
So I'm interested because you still live in the UK, I believe.
Is that correct?
I do.
I haven't been in England for 10 long years.
And from what I've seen and from the outside, it's getting worse by the day.
Well, we miss you.
So why don't you come on back?
Cause it would suit me perfectly.
You know, the UK government hates me.
They talk about me in parliament every five minutes, every five minutes they're saying I'm
the cause of everything.
Yeah.
And it's, it's truly insane.
At the time of filming this podcast, 30 minutes ago, did you see what happened in Australia?
There was a jihad attack right now in Australia.
So they're running around stabbing.
This guy was stabbing people in a mall in Sydney.
A guy stood up with a, a, a ballard, I guess, from a thing trying to resist against him.
So when things go wrong, you want masculinity, right?
But otherwise, masculinity is the worst thing in the world.
And they've come along saying that I'm bad and students don't listen to teachers anymore
purely because of only me.
Cause before that they all listened.
Might be because teachers are so dull, never passed the GCSE in their lives, are stupid
as, as it comes and are pushing an agenda.
But when you, when you say they, you have to differentiate.
There's a great many people in Britain who obviously I don't speak for anyone but myself.
And if people out there can't stand me, please know, I'm not trying to speak for you,
but a great many people would rather love it if you came back to Britain.
I would particularly.
Well, thank you.
No, of course.
And a great many women like me, emphasizing again, that I am a woman, would love it if
men were like you, strong and powerful and able to, like your, like your security detail.
I've got, I take care of things.
That's the masculine role.
That's the masculine role.
I know, but we want it.
And, and, and we're being spoken about sometimes as if we don't want that.
We'd like to well do.
So is England an occupied country then?
Like why, why does the parliament, why is the government doing everything adverse to what
the populace actually want?
Why is the government trying to lock me up and put me in jail when nobody actually agrees
with them?
You know, when BBC or Sky News, maybe it's similar with you, whenever they post any video about
me, they have to turn the comments off because if they don't, everyone supports me the whole
way down the video.
So they're like the most hated man and the comments have to be off or it's all like,
no, we hate you.
We hate you.
We hate the MSM.
So these people, it's like, it's an occupied nation now in the West.
Yeah.
And then I don't want to go too deep down the rabbit hole.
You should.
I'm here.
Well, I'm known for that, but that's where all this democracy crap comes from.
That's why they're so interested in spreading it because they can manipulate it and lie
and then they can rig all the elections.
Then you can end up with people in charge and nobody wants to be in charge and nobody
trusts.
And they say things that nobody likes and the judicial system's a lie.
The money's a lie.
Everything's a lie.
But, but you know, what's crazy?
The Patriot in me is genuinely upset about England.
Yes.
I'm telling you, like when I see what's happening to Great Britain, I feel really sad.
Exactly.
And, and I guess that's where we have this thing between people who feel a country, right?
Which is why I like to be in countries because you can feel them.
Yeah.
And the thing is, despite the being occupied in the sense with the political class and
despite the pushing of things that have no bearing on ordinary, decent British people.
And by that, I mean, anybody who came to join us that just wants to get along.
Yep.
They're ordinary people, decent Brits.
They're still there.
You know, they're, they're the people that I'll be with on St. George's Day.
Yep.
They're the people that turn up to my staff.
They're the people in the street that shout, go on, Hopkins.
Yeah.
Which I still haven't.
I need some taint advice, actually.
That was one of the things I was going to ask you because you're supposed to be cool,
I believe.
I mean, I know.
I do my best.
Who knows?
I do my best.
But I need an, I need a physical response.
So when someone, oh, look, I'm winding down a car window on IQ.
So when someone puts down their car window and shouts, go on, Hopkins, or go on, Tate.
What's, what?
Because at the moment I go, what?
So what's cooler?
That's pretty cool.
That's not cool.
That's cool.
Yeah.
That's perfect.
You nailed it.
No, I didn't.
Yeah, you did.
Well, can you have a think about this?
Say fuck Sadiq Khan.
Say that instead.
Well, then they'll probably just hear the word fuck.
That would go so well.
But what I'm trying to say is beneath the vapid exterior of the news headlines that no
one ever left their desk to find out anyway, and beneath the exterior of politicians who
use your name because they're hoping for some eyeballs on them, so they use you.
100%.
Is a solid rock of proper people.
And you know what?
You know what's funny?
This is the problem.
I love it.
When you're English, it's extremely difficult to explain because I'm half American, half
English, but I left America when I was nine.
I grew up in England.
And you got new teeth.
And I got new teeth.
So you're trying to deny your British heritage.
Look at mine, look, and then look at yours.
Sorry.
We need more straight whites in the Great Britain.
Well, darling, I don't disagree with that.
There you go.
So, but I feel English and it's very hard to explain British culture to someone who's
not British.
The other day I was driving here through Romania and some guy crashed his car and I'm like,
can't park there.
And everyone's like, what do you mean?
I'm like, it's just funny.
Or like the ambulance going by with the thing and you go, you never sell ice creams going
that fast.
And you'll just get dead looks because no one else.
No one thinks we're funny.
No one likes beans on toast.
They don't get it.
And also that kind of, you know, when the worst happens, you know, you're on the floor,
things have dislocated, you're missing teeth and blood.
And you're like, oh, I'm really glad that happened because I didn't have anything else
to do today.
You know, our ability to laugh at hurt is probably actually one of the reasons we're both somewhat
still standing.
A hundred percent.
And my kind of solid rock goes back.
I signed up for the military straight out of uni.
Wow.
I went through the Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst, and I signed up to fight for my country
for 35 years.
Wow.
So, so my, the reason I feel that rock of the country is I belong in it.
Yeah, completely.
And I can't help, I will always belong in it.
And you have that.
I see that.
I miss it.
I do miss it.
I'm going to, I'm going to get you back.
I know I have.
Do you think the country can be saved?
By you.
Do you think the UK can be saved?
You, bring your brother, brother.
Okay.
Lovely.
Yeah.
Bring, put on, put on.
What's he called?
The security Bogdan.
Yeah.
Bring him.
I like him very much.
Yeah.
And the rest of your army.
Yeah.
I think you and me, Tristan, Bogdan, we could sort shit out.
You think we could fix it?
Tommy.
Tommy.
We've got some good people on our team.
We do, but don't you feel like, not to be a pessimist.
Oh, come on.
We live in the mood.
But don't you feel like the war in the West is almost basically over?
Don't you get that feeling one day, some days where you wake up and just go,
this system is such a mess and everything is so destroyed now that I don't think it can
be saved on any level?
Am I just being a pessimist now?
No, no, no.
You're speaking absolute truth.
Because the cities have rotted.
This is the problem with England.
When I go to England, you go to Kent or somewhere and it's beautiful.
But then you go to any major city, it's over.
And it's not even a matter of, because people, and we'll talk about my reversion to Islam,
will be an interesting conversation.
Because I still believe, despite my personal beliefs, that Christian countries should be
Christian and Islamic countries should be Islamic.
I don't think there's anything wrong with that.
And then we can go down the conversation as to whether England is being conquered and
occupied because there's a power vacuum, because Christianity has become so weak, which I actually
think is the main problem.
And that's the reason I think a lot of this is happening.
But I just look at the country now and there seems to be so little common sense and so little
unity.
And the cities are nothing like they used to be.
They're unrecognizable.
Even London, 10 years ago, was a completely different place.
Is it a losing battle, do you think?
Yes.
So the battle is lost for my country, your country.
It's over.
But it doesn't mean, I mean, I say you can enjoy the war.
Yeah, well, exactly.
You win the battle to win the war.
So maybe the war is over.
But the fight now is the battles.
So for me, it's the battle of the morale of the troops, right?
It's the battle of keeping that rock solid for as long as we can be solid, for gathering
our side and lifting them up and showing that we won't go down without carrying this
through.
You know, I'm all about holding the line, right?
So there's the optimism.
And I will always go to optimism when I have to.
I believe in a darker conversation, the war is over.
And in time, Christians will move to Eastern lands, so to Eastern Europe.
We will pull back to Poland, Hungary, potentially Romania and those lands.
And in time, there will be the new crusades or there will not.
But my view is very much like a relay runner.
You know, this is we carry the battle.
And I think probably you've reached a place, I certainly have many, many years ago, where
as long as when I do my leg with the baton, I deliver that thing, I carry it.
And, you know, if I can shove it up someone's arse to piss them off at the same time, I'll
do that too.
And then I will lay it in the hand up.
I will push it into the hand up.
That's my role as I see it.
And it might not involve the finish line and some medals.
It might just involve being spat at a lot by a lot of people or being understood to be
a monster as I was for many decades.
But that's okay.
I'm at one with my choices and what I know I am.
I understand you completely.
I understand you completely.
So the next question I have is, why do you think the ruling elites of the West are doing
this?
Why do you think the people in charge of England are doing what they're doing?
I think it's easier to...
Do you have a theory?
I do.
Okay.
It's easier to...
I'll make it brief.
Sure.
No, no, please make it long.
I'm very interested.
I'm curious because my largest...
I mean, for a long time, you kind of work...
You kind of wonder why.
And then I've come to the conclusion of my theory where it's basically just about money
and power and they have no interest in anything else.
And it's the common man who's stuck on the ground who has to eat the problems as these
globalists float around the world.
And I catch myself doing it before my incarceration.
I was living in 15 countries and flying around on a private jet.
And you just...
You make money somewhere and you vanish.
It doesn't matter anymore.
But I'm interested to hear your point of view on why you think the British government
or why the people who are in charge of the British government are doing what
they're doing to the state.
I like...
We can go back to this as well.
But I like...
We could be here for many days, it seems.
But I like that you didn't vanish.
I just wanted to say, I really think you...
Just in terms of what's going on here in Romania for you, and not that I know a tiny bit of
any detail of it, and I don't pretend to, but I like that you and your brother said,
we're going to stay here and front this up.
Yep.
So if something happens in the parliament or the courts or whatever, you're like,
yeah, here we are then.
Yep.
And I think that was precisely the way to play that, which is we're not going to...
We aren't going to be made to do what you think we're going to do.
You want us to abscond.
You were never going to abscond anyway, I'm sure.
But I love that you just went, no, here we are.
And now they've gone, oh, hold on.
We need a bit more time because we haven't got our ducks in a row and we need to kick
the can down the road a bit because you've gone, yeah, here we are.
Absolutely.
You played that so well.
Yeah, it's a pandemic of cowardice.
This is the real pandemic of the world today, and a lot of men are cowards.
And I agree with what you say in regards to the average British man.
Most men in England agree with a lot of the things we say and understand the truth, but
they're afraid to say it perhaps publicly or afraid to say it to their friends or afraid
to say it online because they're scared of the Bobby knocking on the door and giving
him some crap.
So I think that always taking the brave choice is probably one of the primary reasons they
hate me.
What have I really done or really said?
Okay, I've said a lot.
Let me take that back.
But one of the primary reasons they hate me is because I think I inspire bravery.
Yes.
And people look at me, especially the young teenagers, and go, no, I want to be like him.
And when you inspire bravery, it's harder to sigh up the population into absolute compliance
with this garbage like they did in Australia because people stand up and say, no, I'm a
G. You ain't locking me up.
And this is what they hate me for.
So my brother...
But I think it's because you're free.
Like, okay, if you're sat in the Romanian cell, actually, I would argue you're still more
free than most, even sat in the cell.
I agree.
Because freedom is something inside you.
Yeah.
And because you are very difficult, it would appear, to control because you're free and
you have the means to be free.
Also, you're not tied by...
And I understand an average man is tied by a mortgage and needing to provide.
And a wife that says, but don't, you'll stuff everything up.
Shut up.
Yeah.
We need to pay the mortgage.
Yeah.
Many people are caught up in these traps of their own making.
The matrix.
But you're free.
But to go back to where we were, which is where we were, which is what's the theory,
is it's easier to manage decline than it is to defend or grow a country or protect it.
So the Trump model is the hardest route to take.
Yeah.
To try and defend a country, to try and build a country, to become energy independent, as
he did, to put walls up.
It's hard to do that stuff.
You're just going to be attacked on all corners all the time.
But to let a country just decline away and take the money as it declines is so easy.
And it's what, ever since Thatcher, I'd argue, that's what governments have done.
I think that's a perfect way to put it.
Because when you're trying to fix dysfunction, you're right, that's extremely difficult.
But instead, it's easier to normalize the dysfunction.
Normalize it.
Let's normalize dysfunction.
Oh, it's a large city.
There's terror attacks.
It's a big city.
No big deal.
Heart attacks.
No big deal.
You had a heart attack.
Oh, who knows why?
He's a footballer.
He was running.
Of course, he had a heart attack.
So they normalize the dysfunction and try and make as much money as possible.
And then they fly on a jet somewhere else.
Exactly.
And Skid Row, I've spent, so I've slept on Skid Row.
And for people that don't know, Skid Row is the major homeless, it's a whole area.
It's just homeless, homeless.
And it's just, you can smell it before you see it.
And it goes on forever.
Just homeless people.
Well, I've slept on Skid Row.
And that's a really good example of normalizing things that aren't normal.
So every day, trucks go down with shower trucks, should someone want to shower.
Every day, the trucks go down with food.
So everything that you would require in your life is provided whilst there's this chaos and melee.
And you literally, it is, you know, just human feces in the street.
But it's normalized because that's a way of dealing with the problem, normalize it.
And that's what's going on.
And that's what's going on, I think.
I think you're completely right.
And then just to tie back into earlier when we were talking about Romania, I think Romania is a country which is, if you look at the trend, the trend is a positive one.
And perhaps that's why I find it so appealing.
Because even in the few years I've been here, I've seen it change.
And it's the fastest growing economy in Europe.
And there's a lot more money here than people expect.
And you see Mercedes and Lamborghinis and all these fancy cars.
And building, building, building.
And they're building everything.
And they have all this money coming in.
But the world is cyclical, right?
So Romania will last a while.
And then it will probably collapse like the rest of the Western empires.
And England's on its way out.
So I wish I had a simple answer.
But it seems every answer you come up with is somehow against some law or not allowed or some garbage.
Yeah, but there are answers.
And one of those answers is absolutely going back to remembering who you are.
And I guess that's kind of a personal thing for you and I.
So I spent 20 years maybe, let's think.
So I used to be on LBC Radio, which is the big radio station in London.
I used to have my Daily Mail column.
I used to be on Fox twice a week.
I'm not trying to say I was, I was.
I'm just saying at that time when I was probably the most well-known, I was also the most hated.
The idea was I was a monster.
People should believe I'm a monster.
Everyone should hate me.
And aren't I the worst?
And people genuinely believed that, like with their hearts.
And so how do you survive and endure either being hated or being targeted or your name always being slandered?
And you talk about how when they when they speak of you, they always, you know, they blame you when they used to speak of me.
It would always be the worst photo ever.
It's a female kind of thing.
Right.
I mean, and it's pretty easy to get a bad photo.
But like they would put the worst and you'd look at and just you I look deeply evil and they were selling a monster.
Yeah.
And and how do you endure that stuff?
How do you stay true?
And I think it's only by going inside.
Yeah.
You're not going to find it out here.
You know what I mean?
There isn't going to be any amount of drugs or alcohol or someone telling you you're great or whatever that will make it repaired.
The only repair is to go inwards and go, I'm not what they're saying I am.
I agree with you.
You know, in a quiet, quiet moment.
Absolutely.
And I think there's there's no light without dark either.
And I think it's great to find your light by battling the dark of other people as opposed to battling those around you.
It's great.
I'm kind of happy that there's this huge enemy out there because it keeps me very focused and it means I have a lot to do.
And it means that I'm never going to be without motivation.
I'm always going to have something to say because they keep giving me ammo.
But I do believe the matrix is cracking.
I'm still I think people are starting to really awaken, especially post-COVID.
I don't know what it's like in the UK, but where the people I speak to around the world globally, they are starting to lose their grip on things.
But then we enter a new realm, whether we think that's going to I mean, in the short term, that'd be a fantastic thing for everybody to realize they're liars.
But where does that go long term when nobody believes anything the government says anymore and everybody believes every system is broken and everybody knows the MSM lies?
Where does that lead for a society?
Yes.
And I think that's where we come to kind of we are already kind of improvising these rough solutions, which I love.
So that's why I've always been massively pro strong men that can do things.
Right.
So like for me, scaffolders, pretty much the hottest men there are.
I love me.
Have you ever scaffolded?
No.
Yes, you should consider.
I should consider a career change.
Yes, think of it.
Okay.
Please.
And so I got moved on when I was in Rome last.
I was just stood looking at scaffolders in the sunshine and I was asked to move on.
Leering, public leering.
Come along.
Come on, old lady.
Move along.
Move along.
I love plumbers.
I love electricians.
I love plasterers.
I love joiners.
Right.
I love those boys because they can do stuff.
Yep.
Strong men that can do stuff.
And so you say, where will we go when everything falls apart?
Like we think it will, which I can't wait for personally.
Bring it.
Yep.
I see us preparing.
Right.
I see us with our generators in our backyards and our water tanks and understanding how that
works.
And I see us with our to-go packs.
You know, I used to laugh at preppers, you know, because it's preppers.
Yeah.
And now do I always have a bag to go?
Yes.
Could my house power itself when I always, when I'm not there, could, would people be safe?
You know, I see people preparing in their own little way.
Yeah.
And excuse me for spitting.
No problem.
Which I just did.
I saw it, but it didn't land on you.
So that's good.
And that's one of the reasons I think also physically when people say, what can I do?
Get ready.
Yeah.
Right.
Get ready.
And I'm excited for that too.
Like I love to see young people training.
I agree with you.
I think that society is literally on the verge of collapse.
I think that all the systems you just, we were describing earlier that people need to
believe in to keep them happy and functioning are going to fall apart.
And as people realize that courts of law are not courts of law, they're political tools.
Nobody's going to have faith in them at all.
Everyone's going to want to take the law into their own hands.
And it's going to get extremely dangerous.
And my only, like I said, I'm the pessimist here.
Yeah.
And I'm the optimist.
Which is fantastic.
We need both sides.
You have good teeth and I don't.
So there's that too.
I think that if I had to be truly pessimistic, I would wonder, are the people who are in
charge of these governments and in charge of the world, do they understand where this
is headed?
Do they know where it's going to head?
Do they know it's all going to collapse?
And they want that to happen so that society becomes so unsafe so they can come along with
a remedy because the only thing we'll give up our freedom for is safety like they did
in COVID.
So they can say, oh, look, everything's falling apart.
Look, everything's dangerous.
But here's a 15 minute city with a gate and here's an AI QR code on your forehead.
And now you're safe again, but you can't go anywhere.
Here's your CBDCs.
Here's your electric car.
Here's your bugs.
Sit still.
And I worry that when the chaos comes, unless there's some degree of organization amongst
the people who understand how the world works, they're going to come along with a remedy
that everyone's going to quickly swap up and we're going to be in a worse position than
before.
Well, I think we'll be segmented.
We saw how we were segmented last time.
That happened.
That divide happened.
There was a relatively, we were relatively few over on the side of understanding more
of what was going on.
The ones that were refusing the VACs that wouldn't take the booster and or 15 of them.
We were few, but we were also very powerful.
Like, so there was NHS 100,000.
They were the 100,000 nurses mainly, actually, porters and other staff who would not take
the state injectable and were told, you're going to be fired.
But they held the line.
This story will set me off any day of the week.
They held the line and they were called in for their HR meeting.
And I cannot stand HR just so I cannot stand anyone.
Biggest waste of time.
Oh, for God's sake.
It's always fat Brenda with the bad highlights who just wants to have a gossip while she's
eating chocolate biscuits.
I cannot be doing with HR.
But they had the HR meeting where they said, we're going to fire you.
You're going to be out of the job, but you used to love your job.
And they held the line.
And they didn't cave.
And as a result, the government had to do a U-turn and say, you don't have to have it.
So I know it's there.
I know the determination is there.
And I know when the time comes, we'll segment again.
And some morons will go in the 15 minute cities and for a little bit longer, they'll
pat the snake or they'll pat the alligator until the alligator comes and bites their ass
off every time.
But we will be someplace else.
And South Africans do it perfectly.
They've shown us the way for so long because they're further down the dark path than we
are.
They're now 3% whites.
They are hunted.
And they have this thing.
It's the Sudalanders.
You would love.
You would fit right in.
Because, yeah, the obvious question everyone asks is, why don't they just leave?
Why don't they leave?
Right.
That's the first thing out of anyone's mouth at which point you want to do that to them.
You don't understand anything, do you?
It's a bit like people telling you, why don't you get a lawyer?
Yeah.
Get the vaccine.
Yeah.
So you can fly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's just like, oh.
And then you realize you mustn't, you mustn't give away all of your, I think you give away,
we'll get to this too.
But I think you give away so much of your energy sometimes to people who don't deserve
it.
I agree with you.
I will, I will come to that.
But anyway, so Sudalanders, they meet, I think it's once a month, and they're preparing.
Yeah.
And they are preparing.
They say, we will die in our boots for the love of our land.
I mean, can you imagine being stood in front of a boor telling you that?
Yeah.
Literally melts my clothes off any day of the week.
And they're preparing so that they are going to pull back to defendable space.
Yeah.
And they're going to live a free life in the Sudland.
That's the model.
Yeah.
There's hope there.
You need to be in there.
Not in Sudlander, but where we are.
It's funny because that's what it always comes down to.
It's interesting if you study history, at any point in history, when the tyranny came
or the enemy came, it always comes down to a group of men in one place who say no.
That's it.
We will die here if we must die.
In our boots for the love of our land.
It's always been the same since the dawn of human time.
And that's what eventually it might come down to in the UK.
You're right.
It will.
And also there's room in the men thing for one big ass, big bitch.
We'll let you in.
Just let you know.
We'll let you in.
No problem.
So that's what it will come down to, pulling back.
And I already see it.
So there's loads of people up and down the UK who are already gathering, creating places
they can live and be, water, food.
I see it coming.
So when those hubs pull together, that will be our Sudlander, where people will die in
the boots for the love of the land.
You know, it's going to be epic.
I really want to be alive for it.
So there's a huge contingent of the populace in the West who continue to believe in all
these false systems because like ostriches, they want to hide their head in the dirt.
They want to pretend that the systems which are designed to protect them actually protect
them.
Side note, I find that very interesting.
I always ask people this question.
I said, if you had a football game and you were playing for 5,000 pounds for say, and there
was no referee, would people cheat?
And they say, well, yeah, probably.
Oh, so you think they're not going to cheat for, you know, control over a nation or influencing
the public or all these other insignificant things.
You'll cheat for 5,000 pounds.
That's human nature, right?
In a football game.
But they're not going to cheat for something that's actually important.
So of all the countries you've visited in the world, which country do you think actually
has this act together?
I kind of probably go back to where we started out in terms of you have to choose between law
or criminal.
You have to be afraid of something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I think I'm sort of erring on the side these days of preferring the criminal gangs
because they really, at their heart, are very clear about what they want, which is typically
to get on with their either arms or drug running or whatever.
And one of my favourite places in the world is Mexico and being in South America.
Wow.
So during lockdown, when British people weren't allowed to, and there was posters up, it's
illegal to go on holiday.
Like there were posters on bus stops.
It was illegal to leave the country.
And it was illegal to go to America and all of those things.
Obviously, someone telling us rules is not really in our bag.
But there turned out to be this little trick that people didn't realise that if you got
to Mexico and stayed in Mexico for three weeks, you could sort of, you could cleanse yourself
of your Britishness, suddenly you belonged to nowhere, you became like an airport terminal
man, you know, that film.
Yeah.
So that's precisely what I did.
So I went to Mexico, because Mexico City kills more journalists than any other city,
so you wouldn't be going there just for fun.
And I went there and then I came up into America through the southern border and then did a tour
of America where I wasn't supposed to be, having come through the southern border, just to really
kind of flip the V sign up in Biden's face.
But the point is, in South America, for much of it, the criminal gangs run order.
And I think they do it very, very well.
Well, actually, they have a firm grip on it.
And if you don't interfere in their space, in the way that I'm not, you're left alone.
And I also believe the South American people have absolutely the right attitude, because
a lot come from poverty, or they've grown up with nothing, or they know a way of being
where they weren't given everything.
They have to work.
You think you're going to stand in Mexico and say, right, nobody's going to work.
You're all going to sit at home in your gardens.
No one's getting any money.
Yeah.
Of course they're going to work.
So no one's going to tell them they're locked down, because they wouldn't know what that
meant.
They can't not work.
And then they go to church on Sunday.
And on the weekend, if you're on a beach in Mexico, the family is always together.
They've got, I don't know how old grandma is, but she's being dragged down there.
She's half dead.
She's half in the coffin, half out, but she's still there.
And then you've got babies that were literally born, they literally fell out the mom as they
got out the car to go to the beach.
The whole family's there.
Yeah.
And it's just, I'm like, these guys have got something going on.
I know exactly what you're saying.
I actually have a theory in regards to this, because I've been looking ever since my incarceration
here.
I've been looking at a map saying, where can I live?
Where shall I go?
Where shall I go?
Because I do feel patriotic and I want to go home, but I feel homeless.
I feel homeless because I feel homeless because I do feel patriotic and I want to go home.
Listen.
So when you say patriotic, you say it with the most perfect T's.
So normally when you speak, your T's really, really get on my tits because you're like,
I could go into battle, battle, battle.
And I'm like, oh, God's sake.
Lute in England.
Thank you.
But when you say patriotic or patriotic, you have lovely T's.
Oh, well, I'll remember that.
I'll use the word more often.
Please use T's.
I'll do my very best.
Thank you.
Carry along.
But where shall you go?
Well, you look at the world and the world's not so big.
It's not.
It's not as big as people think it is.
There's not that many places to go.
And then I think I've come to the understanding that freedom in and of itself, outside of these
communities which you build yourself, like you say, freedom under a government, under
all governments, is an illusion.
There's no such thing as freedom.
Right.
In every country in the world, there are going to be subjects and people you cannot speak against.
You cannot speak against Putin and Russia and expect freedom.
You cannot speak against Islam and Saudi Arabia and expect freedom.
There's certain, in every single country, there is a list of things you cannot talk against.
The problem is, in our countries, or my country or your country, the countries that I want
to live in, we can't talk against satanic pedophiles and gays.
And they run it.
So this is the most scary thing to me, is that, I think it was Voltaire who said, look
at who you cannot criticize and you'll see who controls you.
Our nations have been hijacked by LGBT satanic pedophiles, and those are the people you cannot
criticize.
If I lived in Russia or if I lived in Saudi Arabia, I'd feel free because I'd say everything
on my mind because I'm not going to be thinking the things I'm not allowed to say because I
don't want to say them.
Whereas if you're a sensible person in the West, you wake up and look around you and you
want to tell the truth, but you can't.
You have to pretend that men can have babies and a man should be in a woman's bathroom.
You have to pretend all this insanity.
And that's what's really scary to me, is that I really think the people running the West
are the most evil people on the planet.
I totally agree.
And I think not only is the world not that big a place, but in terms of kind of people,
we have these real, you know, it's a military thing, these kind of core values, this sort
of moral courage or humor and adversity or, you know, this strength and determination
thing.
There's just, there's people we have that in, you know, really in common with South African
Boer, South Americans aren't taking any crap, you know, Mexicans and people that they seem
to be embracing freedom because they would never allow it to be denied.
Yes.
It's not a possibility.
I also think you definitely want to go to a country where you can bear arms.
Yeah.
So, you know, I'm 2A all the way.
So, or you find a place within a place which creates that space for you, you know.
I agree completely.
But yeah, I'm just wondering, I guess the end goal is the predictable end goal for the
West.
I guess their goal is just to demasculinize men and try and turn as many people gay as
possible.
And there's actually a few subjects I think we disagree on.
So I want to talk to those.
I want to see if you can check my thinking on some of these.
Because I find them quite, I think it would be quite interesting because Tommy is a friend
of both of ours.
And when I reverted to Islam, Tommy was so upset.
He was so angry.
He'd be so angry.
But he'd also be really angry like if he actually stood up and tried to have a go at you about
it.
He's obviously because he's quite little and you're so big.
So there'd be this like comedy moment with Tommy being really angry and you'd be like,
no, no, no.
But you know what?
I actually respect Tommy and I like Tommy.
I love Tommy.
And I understand his message.
He wants England to feel English.
Totally.
And even Richard Dawkins, who I think is an old clown personally, who was constantly crying
about how God is a bad thing and trying to remove God from society has now come out
as culturally Christian.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
So now he's a cultural Christian.
Well, he finally woke up and realized that there's no such thing as empty space and space
is filled.
And if you try and remove Christianity or remove God from society, you'll be filled
with something else.
And it's either filled with secular insanity, which is the whole feminism, LGBT garbage.
Insanity.
Insanity.
Thank you.
Sorry.
Getting told off.
First time top G's been told off.
Well, that's my job, right?
That's right.
That is my job.
Insanity.
Or.
Thank you.
Or it's filled with Islam.
But we were, in order to create that void, right, of nothing fit, no one belonging,
that was deliberate, right?
So it started off with, oh, you don't need.
So Dawkins is an agent of the Matrix.
When Dawkins was sitting there saying, we do not need God.
I wouldn't credit him with that, to be honest.
He's not even that important?
No.
Yeah.
Don't, you know, we don't need to overestimate people.
Just a guy with things to say is what I would, I was not really.
Fair.
Worth the chit chat.
But, you know, don't, oh, you don't need to belong to a country.
What's a country?
What's a flag?
You don't need a flag.
Flags are racist.
Don't have a flag.
Yeah.
You don't need to belong to a family unit.
Well, what's a family unit anyway?
It's not a mom and dad.
It can be mom and three dads.
It can be this and that.
It can be, a family can be whatever you want it to be.
Take away the things people belong to.
Correct.
And all of a sudden you just have nomads who are living in voids and are desperate for something.
It's why these kids don't know even what they are because we stripped away everything that they may have belonged to or held on to.
Well, it gave them identity.
And if you remove all the parameters.
Remove it all.
Yeah.
Then there's no identity, which means you can inject the slave programming.
There you go.
That's right.
So empty minds, right?
And it was done deliberately.
You could see this stuff being taken away.
Oh, take those flags down.
Oh, don't, don't.
Oh, it doesn't matter if you haven't got a mom or a dad.
Oh, just strip away.
So these kids are like, I'm lost.
What do I belong to?
Oh, maybe my name's Barbara today.
I mean, for God's sake.
I agree, but do you not think that the Islamification of Britain is Christians' fault?
Would you blame the Christians because power vacuums are filled and this is the basic law of the universe.
The lion destroys the antelope and the strong conquer the weak.
And if there's going to be weak convictions amongst the white Christians, if they're going to be too tolerant and too nice,
don't you feel like eventually they're going to be conquered?
Not only just by Islam, but they've also been conquered by secularism.
You see all these gay priests and insanity and all the garbage that's going down.
Wouldn't you blame Christians 100% for that failure?
I would say that Christians probably didn't rock up and, you know, defend their churches enough by actually attending them.
You know, I think attending churches would have been a good way of kind of keeping that.
But I think I wouldn't blame Christians for being taken over because that would be like blaming my dog when it has ticks on it.
And I wouldn't do that.
But I would say we're clearly going to have very different views on religion.
I will preface this with I rather liked it, as with politics, back in the day when I believed in such things.
I rather liked it when these things were private.
Yeah.
So I rather liked it when people's, how they voted.
My father would never tell anyone how he voted.
That's true.
You're right.
And it was sort of glorious.
You're right.
And I rather liked it when people's religion was that way as well because I'm not certain that it's my business.
It's actually what you do or don't.
I don't really just as well as sexuality for that matter.
Agreed.
And what that bothers as long as you're not a twat.
Agreed.
If you're a twat.
I don't care if you're a gay, a straight twat.
I'm just going to tell you you're a twat.
Yeah.
And then I also see like so in America, you know, when when the very well to do who are Biden voters were actually terrified that Black Lives Matter were going to come and smash their homes.
Yeah.
They got these yard signs and they would hammer them into their yard.
I vote for Biden.
Yeah.
Black Lives.
This house believes.
Yeah.
Black Lives.
They didn't have this accent, but go with.
Black Lives Matter.
LGBTQ.
Yeah.
GBGBD.
And they had it on a sign in their yard.
Stroking the alligator.
They were basically.
Well, you could.
Yes.
Stroking.
I was.
Yeah.
I was.
Yes.
Stroking is a good word.
Yeah.
Exactly.
But a yard sign.
So we go from my father, who doesn't even tell his family how he votes.
Yeah.
To Americans who voted Biden, but are now scared of the very thing they voted for.
So put a yard sign up to try and say, we're your allies.
Yeah.
Are you anyone's allies?
So religion.
I think by the time UK woke up to the fact that Islam will take the country.
Yeah.
It was way too late.
Yeah.
So 20 years ago, or maybe more, structurally, Islam did an incredibly smart, strategic play,
which was change the structural scaffolding that lies beneath the country and make it ready
to receive Islam.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So make all power positions filled with Muslims.
Work your way up.
Counselors to mayors.
Yeah.
Bring the power in.
Densely pack a Muslim population where there used to be big houses, four or five Muslim
families in one place.
Make sure you can always get the vote from the Muslims because they'll vote according to
religion.
Yes.
And therefore, you will get the powerful positions.
Now, we want to do strategic sort of landmarks.
So I used to do, I was army intelligence.
But, you know, so you are always going to look for the places where you want to set your
mark, whether regardless if there's a Muslim there or not.
So if you look at the outer Hebrides, there's a mosque up there.
Wow.
Was there ever a Muslim there?
No, but there's a freaking mosque.
Wow.
You know what I mean?
So you set these places where you go, right, here we go.
So I would call it infiltration.
You might call it something else.
And that's the point when eventually, like now, people are going, oh, hold on a minute.
Well, this is a bit odd, isn't it?
Yeah.
But this is 20 years in the play.
And I suppose my question to you would be, and not that you're a representative of any
religion.
Not at all.
And I know even, I mean, I'm a relatively new Muslim.
I'm not even as versed as some others.
I'm a baby.
I'm just looking at it purely from a power dynamics point of view.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I, because I think there's, Muslims have this, and I'm slightly being flippant, but
I think Muslims have a kind of competitive Muslimness where like the more you know things,
you're more Muslim.
No, no, no.
I can't qualify.
Yeah.
So, well, I, my assertion strongly is that like, I know these many scriptures, so I'm more
Muslim than you.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
And then you just sort of say the word haram a lot.
And I don't know what that's about.
A lot is haram.
That's an easy word to use.
You've done most of the haram.
Yeah, it's an easy word to use.
If you walk around England, it's easy to say haram.
Most of your life has been made up with haram.
Well, I think most people's lives are made up with haram.
Oh, so do I.
We're all sinners.
So do I.
But I don't label other people haram, though, do I?
I just say, come on, do it.
It'll be fun.
You're right.
But I actually do think, and this is a slight side note, I do think Putin actually said something
which is quite intelligent.
He said, if you want to be gay in Russia, you can be gay in Russia.
But we're always going to promote the family because it's the family.
100%.
But it's the family that's the future of the country.
And I think there's a difference and a different differentiation, although it might be hypocritical
in some degree, for someone to do something which is a sin as opposed to sin being promoted
by a culture or accepted by a culture or promoted by a government.
Oh, but also, I'm all about sin.
So, you know, I'm not, I'm not like attacking your life choices.
Like, I got caught shagging in a field.
I'm quite proud of those pictures.
Turned out I looked quite hot.
And I just.
They finally used a good picture of you, Katie.
Finally.
Finally.
This bit was my back.
That's why.
Yeah.
And I look pretty hot.
So I'm grateful to that snapper, even though it cost me a job and all sorts of other marriages
and things.
So don't think I'm against sin.
I'm the biggest sinner of all.
I'm just questioning how you're now choosing to be a Muslim when you and me are pretty good
at sinning.
Like, we're rock and roll.
I think the world needs more God.
And I'm certainly.
I thought you were going to say sin.
No.
I actually do believe.
I think God's the only one who can save us now.
Yes.
I really do believe that.
We find a point of agreement.
And I'm not anti-Christian in any regard.
My brother's Christian.
Most of my family's Christian.
I was raised Christian.
I'm in a Christian country.
No one's suggesting.
I'm super pro-God.
And when I say these things, what I'm actually trying to do is inspire the Christians to get a
little bit mad.
I see that.
Oh, okay.
He has a point.
We've left a huge power back to him.
I'm going to church as I speak.
That's it.
Because if you tolerate everything, you believe in nothing.
Yes.
And if you're going to be a very apathetic Christian, then it doesn't count against a very strict
religion where they're proud to show how religious they are.
We don't even have to talk about the individual religions.
We just have to talk about the power structures of the world.
But I think when you have religion that takes over, say, a police force, so you have West
Yorkshire, West Midlands police force, where the imam decides who can go on patrol, or you
have someone like me that points out the fact that the majority of the grooming gangs were
Pakistani Muslim men, which is just as a fact point, not a religious point.
I am then arrested by Police Scotland for hate crimes.
This was back in the day, for pointing that out.
That's where this religion of being a Muslim strikes me as being deeply malevolent because
it seems to protect those particular individuals who are not representative of the religion,
but they all believe.
So here's where we go down a really interesting conversation because the whole world is tribal.
It's kind of interesting as a mixed race, half black, half white, previous Christian, Muslim
revert living in Romania.
So I'm a mess.
So they've attacked me with every single buzzword, misogynist and thing, but they can't really
get racist on me.
They've tried it, but it won't stick.
No, it won't stick to you very loud.
So I can make observations.
And the point is that most of the world and most cultures and most colors and most countries
are brutally tribal.
The only people who are not allowed to be are white people.
You're not allowed to be tribal.
As soon as you want to be tribal in any way, you're attacked for it and demonized.
And it goes even lower than that because you can be a Scottish nationalist.
You can be an Irish nationalist.
You can be a Welsh nationalist.
Can I be an English nationalist?
No, I cannot.
That's right.
So you're talking about basically tribalism.
What you're saying is that Muslims will stick together or they'll make choices and decisions
which are the benefit of their tribe.
Yes.
That's the same with everybody everywhere except white people.
White people won't do it or aren't allowed to do it.
Yeah.
And actually, I think we're at a point now where it's not just about not allowed.
I think the average white person would be afraid to do that now.
I think they've got the psyops so deep in that there will never be a white Christian
police force that makes white Christian police decisions in a Christian country, which is
the true shame.
And this is the point I'm making about the power dynamics.
This has nothing to do with the scriptures, nothing to do with what's true and what's false,
nothing to do with the gods.
I'm just saying that if Islam will go that far and Christians refuse to go that far,
well, then it's just a ticking time bomb until you're conquered.
This is the reality of the world.
It's unfortunate.
Even as a Muslim, that makes part of me very sad because I think that England is a Christian
country.
It feels it's Christian.
It's England.
Yeah.
But if you have one guy who's prepared to go to this length, it's like a gang war.
If one guy will shoot up your house and all you'll do is call in mean words, you're going
to lose the fight.
And this is the reality of it.
I don't know if that's, is that an admirable thing?
Is that a religion you want to be part of?
So if it's to go to your point there, to go to the nth degree.
So say I am someone like you just mentioned.
I didn't, that blew himself up or stabbed some people or did whatever he did.
Do you want to belong to a religion that will protect that person?
Do you want to belong to a religion that will house Pakistani Muslim men who want to bang
our white girls and do scriptures that I've attended in the mosque where they show the
lollipop and if it's not covered with the wrapper, it's open to the world and therefore
flies can land on it.
Why would you want to join that religion?
I suppose that's the tricky one.
And here's my point about it.
Firstly, if I had the choice of my son coming home, because I really believe we're going
to enter a point, especially in the Western world, where it's either Islam or it's insane
secularism.
I totally agree with you.
It's one of the two.
So if my son could either come home and say I'm a Muslim or come home and say I'm a girl,
I would choose for him to be a Muslim.
And I think that that's going to be the only two power structures left in the next 100 years.
Yeah, but that was a weird argument you went with.
You just went like, if I could choose for my son to come home and say I'm your son or to
come home and say I'm a beluga whale, I'm going to choose son.
You've just gone a bit mad though.
No, no, but this is where it's going to end up.
You're going to end up with people who believe in God, and that's going to be Islam, and
you're going to end up with people who believe in the insanity of the matrix, and they're
all going to lose their minds.
That's the first thing.
Well, they're not necessarily going to come home being Brenda, is they?
You'd be surprised, because it's a sliding scale with these things.
You'd be surprised, because what happens is we all gradually accept things.
This is what happens.
Right now, we think transgenderism is a joke.
Our grandchildren won't.
They'll think it's a very normal part of society.
No, I'm not arguing against that.
And the only thing that can resist against that is God.
So that's the first argument for it.
The second argument for it is...
Can I just say that first argument was massively flawed, because you presented it as he's going
to come home and he's either going to be a Muslim or he's going to say he's a girl.
That isn't actually the truth of the matter.
The truth is he might come home and say, I want to be a Muslim, or he might come home
and say, I don't want to believe in any religion whatsoever.
That's actually more likely to be the outcome there.
It was an extremist argument for...
It was, and don't try that shit with me.
Well, I'm trying to make a point.
So when you're trying to make a point, you go to extremes.
Don't use retard points with someone who's smart.
Sorry, Katie.
The next thing...
Good tea.
I'm getting there.
That was so good.
Could you just take up scaffolding now?
I'm really going to be into you in a big way.
The next thing I will say is, I think a lot of the Muslim arguments are conflated when
you look at third worlders as opposed to the religion themselves.
Totally agree with you.
I think you can certainly get Christian countries in Africa and import large amounts of
their populace, and you will have rape, you will have stabbings, you will have murder.
I totally agree with you.
Some of the best countries on the planet today are the first world Islamic nations.
The safest places you can possibly be with 0% taxes, and you can invest your money safely,
and you can live a very peaceful life, and your children will not be taught anything weird
if you lived in Qatar or Bahrain or Kuwait or Dubai or Saudi.
Where do you live?
I currently live in Romania.
Why do you live in Romania?
Because Romania is a Christian land, I noticed.
It is.
It is.
Why is that then?
Well, I moved here a long time ago.
No, Andrew, why don't you live in an Arab land?
Well, let's see what happens once I'm free.
You just told me one of the three.
Once I'm free.
You won't live there.
You're going to come to Britain and probably hang around with me.
Save the population, perhaps.
But my point being...
No, my point is, why don't you live in a Muslim land?
I would be very happy to live in Dubai.
So why don't you?
Because I can't.
Oh, yeah.
No, I know you have a restraining thing here, and that's pathetic, and we know about
that.
But you would choose Romania anyway, as we discussed at the top of this conversation,
because you like the feel here.
You like the freedom here.
You like the masculinity here, which I feel.
But you wouldn't choose to live in a Muslim land.
Well, it's actually interesting, because also...
You say it's that interesting when you're thinking of how you're going to respond,
and you don't directly respond to my question.
Why don't you live in a Muslim land?
I'll directly respond.
I'd like that.
Me, as a man, I find Eastern Europe appealing for the reasons you have said.
Yes.
However, if I were to raise my family, or one of my families, or if I were to have to,
in a worst-case scenario, leave my family unattended, lest I were to put my children
and my wife in a house, I would choose a first-world Islamic nation all day long.
They're not going to learn anything stupid in school.
They're going to be physically safe.
They can be provided for with staff and help, and they're going to be very well looked
after, and I know they're completely fine.
I would never leave my child and my wife alone in London, ever.
I'd be by their side permanently because it's a failed country, and even here in Eastern
Europe, although I think it's safe, it's very much a man's world, and a woman by herself
may struggle to navigate it.
I believe I could buy a mansion in Dubai and put a wife and three children in Dubai, and
I could go away for six months and come back, and they'd be perfectly fine.
I truly believe that.
So where I would be as a vagabond, as a warrior who travels the world doing whatever he wants
to do, who's unafraid, is different than where I would set up and build and raise a family,
and I think across the next hundred years, Islamic countries are the best place you can possibly
raise a family, first world, if you have enough money, if you can afford it.
Not everybody can, but I truly believe that, and I think a lot of these arguments against
Muslims in the UK are conflation with third worlders versus first worlders.
I totally think that.
Herods and London, it's all built on the first world Muslims, all of it.
If they left, the country would really fall.
I think the first world versus third world argument, I think, is very, very pertinent
and very clear.
I also think it's very important to point out that the Catholic Church did a marvellous
job of hiding the fact that it was basically the beating heart of paedophilia for the longest
time and remains so.
So, you know, before we need one of your listeners or viewers to point that out, I will willingly
point that out.
And frankly, I could stab any one of them in the heart tomorrow without a single tear being
shed because they all disgust me in every single way.
But I will also say in London, I mean, I'm a bit, you know, I've been in many dodgy places
and I'm fine in London because I don't go about as kind of ponce about.
I just scurry like a rat.
But London is now a majority Muslim city.
And I would argue it has not been improved by that status.
I would argue that it's third worlders that have ruined London primarily.
I would probably agree with you on that.
And they could be Christian third worlders.
They could be Buddhist third worlders.
They could be Hindu third worlders.
And I think that's the larger...
But they're typically not.
They're typically Muslim third worlders.
And I guess this is where we come to a point where my evisceration from the face of the
planet happened at precisely the moment that I was...
So I was working for Daily Mail.
I was da-da-da or known everywhere.
And Donald Trump was president and tweeting me, tweeted me again.
And I was pointing out the...
I was stood on the shoreline of southern Italy, watching the migrant boats, the ferries that
were run by Save the Children, come over from Africa.
And that was the moment that the system, the matrix as you would call it, came...
To crush you.
To utterly, utterly, utterly remove me from the face of the planet.
Yeah.
And so, in a way, we get to this point about the importing of the third world.
It was precisely me stood showing...
Because that's a capital crime.
You can't...
You can't tell...
That's the number one crime.
You can't point out what they're doing.
And you said about the Africans on the boat.
I'd argue a lot of them were Christians.
And the problem is...
They were.
Yeah.
And this is the problem we have.
Because when you have a legal system which is fair, I guess, to a degree, or the illusion
of fairness, or at least it's based on time.
And a lawyer, and a court case, that can't keep up with savagery.
You can't take the legal system of the UK and put it on a random third world country
and expect there to be peace and prosperity.
All the legal systems of the world, all the systems of every country, has to be based
on the population within it.
You can't have the Swedish system for benefits and welfare and then put it on Afghanistan.
Nobody would go to work.
Nothing would work.
Nothing would get done.
So, as we replace our population and we don't change our legal systems and our
legal structures, then everything's going to collapse.
None of it makes sense anymore.
And pointing that out directly by standing there at the Save the Children boat as it
was going and doing its ferrying of the migrants at the behest of the matrix that controls the
place.
So, I wrote that up as a column.
And these are the most read columns at the time.
And Daily Mail is the most read newspaper.
I'm saying this so that people see the size of it, is that column was going to go.
And on that day, my editor, who's basically God in the media sense, like he's, you know,
no one messes with the editors.
He then, that day, had all of the strands come at him all at once to the point that he
messaged me saying, what the hell is happening?
So, the chief rabbi was at my editor's door, well, an sort of envoy of his, heads of churches,
heads of political groups, heads of religious organizations.
So, and that was the day that I, it was decided that I would lose everything.
That then played out over the next six months.
So, I lost jobs, house, home.
They came from my children.
My children now don't have my name, I think.
We have similar things there.
A couple of jihadis came to chop my head off.
And there was a play, The Assassination of Katie Hopkins, funded by the government.
But, for what, but just, just, sorry to interrupt you, to point out again to the people at home,
that's for highlighting the replacement of the native populace of your country.
Yeah, just for telling a story.
For telling the truth about your population, about the population being replaced.
Yeah, not even an opinion, just reporting, watching it happen.
Yeah.
So, this goes back to the point I want to make.
Don't you think they're doing all of this on purpose because they want the chaos?
Because only through the chaos can they come along and say,
we will offer you safety in exchange for your freedom.
Give us all of your freedom, absolutely all of it, and we will, in exchange, offer you safety.
Are they doing this on purpose?
Is that a pessimist in me?
Because they know what they're doing.
This must be, this is done very purposefully.
They understand that when you get large groups of military-age males, and you put them into a city
where they have no access to sex and no access to money, that they're going to commit crime.
Yeah.
That's what men do.
We stand around on street corners, and if there's no girls and no money, we're going to go and try and get one.
Yeah.
And then that's where crime comes from.
They know all of this is happening.
And my estimation, the reason I've come to the conclusion I have, is that they've sat down and decided,
well, this will give us the chaos we need to finally strip everybody of their freedom, absolutely.
And then, to go deeper down the rabbit hole, this is where we come to the Islam thing,
because if you look at the most post-apocalyptic countries on the planet today, a lot of them are Islamic.
If you want to talk about a post-apocalyptic Christian nation, or if you look at what happened in Hurricane Katrina,
or if you look at what happens in Christian countries when bad things happen, it basically becomes a free-for-all pretty quickly.
Whereas Islam seems to hold society together to some degree in the worst and most heinous scenarios.
So then you look and think, well, maybe Islam is the last solution to all this chaos.
Maybe that's what we need when all the things start to explode and blow up.
Maybe only Islam has enough power and enough force to keep the world together.
But what else is going to unify us?
Transgender rights?
Absolutely not.
But the idea that in the most apocalyptic situation, Islam might be a hope.
If that's the bar for going towards Islam, I don't really, that's not a bar I want to go down.
Also, I notice, you know, it is typical, isn't it, that Muslims do typically come to Christian lands.
So in my experience in England, you know, I always, I would love to ask a Muslim who's been around for longer than you have,
in competitive Muslimness, you know, why is it that Muslims always come to Christian lands?
I don't see Muslims going to Muslim lands.
And in the example of Israel and Hamas and all the rest of it and Gaza, where I've spent a lot of time,
you know, I don't see the Arab nations assisting those people terribly.
And it's just, it's a curious thing.
But to go back to what my annihilation and the reason I wanted to come today is to tell you,
I have seen it in action.
I saw elements of the matrix, not the real deal, because they exist and they'll never show themselves,
because that's how the powerful work.
But those who operate for them, one by one, came on that day to my editor for me to be removed.
And it is absolutely what is happening to you.
I absolutely believe that the idea is that you will be eradicated.
And with weaker people, the idea is that they push you until you swing from a tree.
And I know you are, you know, all brave and strong and training and tough.
But I also know there's days where it's really a lot.
And personally speaking, there's days where I have considered walking out my door
and ending it, not in a dramatic way, not in an irrational way,
not, oh, I'm going to tell people I'm committing suicide,
very quietly and politely, in order to take the danger away from my children.
I believe the only way I could protect my three children was to make myself disappear.
And because I didn't do the jump, instead I went to America and lived more or less five years
on the road in America and completely left my family to give them a chance of not being got
and that I took the target away.
And I think that is precisely what they hoped for you, is that you would swing.
And I know you won't swing.
Give me a hug, Katie.
Ah, you're so cute.
Well, I agree with you.
And I have to commend you for doing the right thing, which is to continue to resist.
And I know exactly what you mean about how it feels sometimes,
because I don't think many people at home understand how prevalent and how endless the assaults are.
I mean, in my case, it's been nearly two years and a month where there's a story every single day
about me being a bad person.
You lose access to all your finance.
You lose access to everything.
They want to bankrupt you.
They want to take everything away from you.
And then they constantly attack you.
And then you're right.
It's the people you care about.
And it is a certainly very difficult thing.
And these are the good people, right?
These are the nice people.
The people who want to go through the world and pretend that they're the virtuous ones
are the ones who are trying to convince us to end our lives for having an opinion,
especially your opinion or your observation, which was just saying,
look, there's people turning up here without passports.
Surely that's not allowed.
And they're going to come at you.
And that's what's, I guess, one of the most heinous things about the world,
is that the people who show themselves to be the good ones are truly the evil ones
because they've sold their souls long ago.
And it's people like you and I who they say are bad because we stand up for something
and believe in something.
And we're actually the ones who are going to be on the right side of history in the end.
It may take a while for them to rewrite the books,
but I think in the end we're going to be on the right side of history.
And I've been a fan of yours for a very long time
because I've loved how you always just call out the truth.
But somebody has to do it, right?
Yes.
Somebody has to point it out.
And you also made a very pertinent point earlier,
which I really liked, about the relay.
Perhaps it's not about winning the race.
It's about doing our part and trying to pass on the baton to somebody else
to continue to do their part.
A hundred percent.
And they would be a lot further ahead with their agenda
if it wasn't for people like you and I.
And the people, you know, this is where the hope is real.
You know, we talk about, oh, this is the reality.
The war is over and we are the takeovers there and the apocalyptic.
But the reality is there's many, many of us.
So, you know, you're probably the best known maybe.
It doesn't matter anyway.
It doesn't matter.
Views, clicks, none of it.
None of that matters.
What matters is there's a really great swathe of people across America,
across these countries who stand in truth.
It does usually relate to some kind of belief in God.
But knowing that you stand with truth, knowing you will never lie down
and knowing they can slay you and that's okay,
that is a tremendously powerful thing to tap into every day.
And you have it.
And I feel it in you.
And I want you to know that I have felt some of the acute pain that it is to carry it
and to be called ugly and a monster and melted wheelie bin face and horse face
and but also much bigger things.
I will take your children, put them in a car, set it on fire, watch them burn.
The hard stuff.
But know that if you sit in your truth as you do and you have this brother
and he was given to you for a reason, I know that, you are unstoppable.
And I know people say, don't take any notice of those people.
It's an impossible thing to take no notice.
But I can tell you for certain that people who are with you are the strongest
and you belong to a side that is a remarkable side to be on.
And know that whatever they do to you, we will be applauding you on.
We will be putting our energy out there.
Thank you.
You're going to make me move back to England.
It might actually work.
I'm doing great here.
It might actually work.
I might come back.
No, I just need to get you trained as a scaffolder.
It might work.
Do you think the British political system would even allow someone like a Trump-esque figure?
Do you think the system is even open enough to somebody coming in charge and fixing everything?
Not right now.
But when the good people of my country turn out, destroy their ballots and say,
we're not gaming your system anymore.
We're going to have a new way.
And in this community that we build, these will be our leaders.
These will be our strong men who will help us.
That's something like that.
That's coming.
That's coming.
I have one more thing I want to ask you about because I'm curious.
Is it my earwins?
Not yet.
What do you think of feminism as a whole?
But you're a strong, independent woman with opinions.
What do you think of feminism as a whole?
Because I'm very interested in your opinion on this one day.
So I would argue that I am the true definition of a feminist, right?
Because I believe that you should be recruited on merit, rewarded on performance, paid on results.
I believe the bar is always the bar and you either meet it or you fall below it.
So in an academy setting or a military setting, this is how high the wall is that you have to get over with the log that you've been asked to carry around.
And if you fail, you fail the academy and you go home.
And that is the bar we should all live by.
And that's what feminism means.
I have a husband who I love deeply and I will always be committed to just him.
I was married before.
I have sinned plenty.
And I've done many other people's husbands as well.
So let's not, you know, make me out to be some sort of ideal Muslim wife.
But I, wives, plural.
Wives, correct.
Oh, for God's sake.
We'll do that.
We'll do that privately, probably.
Whatever.
That's just ridiculous.
I would argue you've chosen a religion that fits what's happened now with the women you've got.
But we'll come back to that.
But I, you know, I think that feminism for me is about being the supportive wife and the supportive mother.
Like I would take myself off for five years and leave all of my most special things in order to preserve them.
Yeah.
And none of them have my name.
And all of them are set up, but I own not a house, not a bank account, not nothing.
And that's fine by me.
And I, I even into their pocket.
So, you know, I tell them, I'll always be in your pocket.
And I used to, I used to repeat this and repeat this when they were little and I was in more, more trouble.
I thought the end would come sooner.
And I would say, your mom will always be in your pocket.
If you're in trouble, you always speak to your mom.
And I would say, I'll always be right here.
So that were I to not be around anymore, they would always think, oh, mom says she'll be in my pocket.
So that to me is what strong feminism is, is to be pushed to the brink of having to abandon your own young in order to preserve them.
Yeah.
And I am deeply, I find most women to be utterly disappointing.
I find most women to be utterly pathetic.
I find many women to be lost and it was done deliberately to them and I am sorry for it.
I find women to be weak, I find women who want special treatment, I have no time for them.
I have no time for women's things or problems or if I try to employ women and I struggle because they want to tell me about their issue, I don't care.
You know, I was epileptic for a long time.
I used to have massive seizures, massive dislocations.
Wow.
And I never told anyone because it was my weakness to hide so I could present strong.
So I'm not a fan of weakness and I think that's what feminism has now become to be interpreted by.
And all of this stuff is a competitive weakness.
Yeah.
I'm this, so I'm weak, I'm special.
I'm this, oh, I'm now more weak.
A quest for individuality.
A quest for being special, but not through achievement or strength or how high.
Agreed.
But for how low.
Yeah.
And that is feminism.
And also most feminists are fucking ugly.
So like feminism 2.0 where you look and go, oh my God, is that thing really a woman?
Yeah.
Right.
I was with them on the day after Trump was inaugurated.
Great day in America.
And they were out doing their pussy marches.
Do you remember with their stupid frigging ass off?
Unfortunately, yes.
They had these signs, you know, my vagina is made of steel.
Yeah.
Well, and this is the thing because they...
Ugly women.
It's very interesting.
They've hijacked basically every agenda on the planet, but they've hijacked feminism.
Because feminism should be about making women the best women possible, right?
Yes.
It shouldn't be trying to turn them into men.
It shouldn't be trying to make them compete in male spaces.
No.
And men shouldn't try and compete in female spaces.
Exactly.
I think there's nothing wrong with us having different roles.
And you said something which was really interesting.
You said about supportive.
I think a woman who supports her man is the true power.
That's his power.
His power comes from her.
But, you know, let him go to fight and you make him the sandwiches and then together you
win the fight.
But this is the battle in and of itself.
But I think a woman who...
I think feminism should be teaching women to lean into their femininity and instead it's
trying to teach them they need to compete and out-compete men, especially in a bunch
of masculine spaces where they simply can't.
So then they, like you said, lower the bar and there's no need for it.
And in all my podcasts and all my discussions we have, I have across the planet, I think
feminism is one of the largest psyops they use to try and...
Oh, it's shocking.
To try and control the society because what I think they're doing, and we touched on it
earlier when you talked about people removing their parameters and removing their understanding
of themselves and removing their family and removing everything that they have to latch
onto to have a sense of identity so you can install the slave programming.
If you start convincing women they need to out-compete men in every single metric all
the time and they don't get to feel like a woman ever, they get resentful and they get
bitter and they're open to the slave programming and women are more emotional than men and
you can come along with an emotional argument like, grandma will die for grandma.
Yeah, or look at the kids, the kids need to come let the boats in and then before you
know it, it's over for the entire country.
A hundred percent and I think women have been sold that, they gobbled it up and then and also
then they're like, oh well now I'm a feminist and I don't have to be, I don't have to please
men so I'll just eat all the doughnuts that there are and wear elasticated waistbands and
suddenly there are these huge chumba-wumbas like, I'm so pleased that I'm such a fatty and
one of the things I've always tried to do throughout and people now that have made the journey from
believing me to be a monster to realising I'm just quite annoying but also somewhat likeable
is I've always tried to demonstrate, you know I try not to just speak it, try to demonstrate it so
I will never employ a fat person, I disagree with fat people, I think you should have self-respect
for your body and so I put on four and a half stones, I put on 52 pounds in three months to
prove that fat people don't need to be fat and I lost it in three months.
Wow. So I will do, I'll be that annoying to prove my point. I'm just thinking through when
you're saying that I have 110 members of staff, I'm trying to think who's fat, I'm like no because
you're lazy. Well just find a stairwell and you'll work that out pretty fast. Well yeah you're lazy
and you lack discipline so why would I hire you? Exactly and that isn't, see I think you and I
could understand, it's quite nice because it's having someone who there's a speed of transmission
where we could understand that that actually isn't personal. Yeah. That's actually a pragmatic
business conversation, it's not personal. Completely. But of course if you're an emotional
chumbawamba, you're like fat hatred. You know I've been reported to the police for fat hatred before.
This is the thing about me coming back to England, I probably get 10 times, 10 times a day for the
things I say. Yes but that will busy them up so they won't be able to get me. We actually called the
Scottish police a couple days ago. Oh my god. From here, from Romania, they weren't that interested but I
refused to use. You tried to report a hate crime? Yeah I refused to use Tristan's pronouns so he
called them saying I won't I won't call him they them and he's in Bucharest and he asked them to
come but he didn't do anything about it. So funny, they're a bit busy this police Scotland because
of Hamza Youssef doing his whole, there's too many white people and so when the hate crime laws came in
they everybody mass reported Hamza. Yeah. But I was once in Australia, this was during the time of the
evisceration and I had tweeted something about Scottish people. Now there's a name we have for
Scottish people which I think is sweaty jocks or socks. I'm not sure. Okay so it's a trick because
there's a real one and a naughty one. Okay. So let's just say sweaty socks is the good one,
it's fine. Yeah. So I said something on Twitter about oh typical sweaties sending that there's a
nurse with Ebola, sending their Ebola bombs to England but I got the wrong one and instead of
saying sweaty whatever I said sweaty jocks and that's a hate crime. So Police Scotland were on
the phone in Australia going to repatriate me to the UK for the hate crime of calling sweaty jocks sweaty
socks. And it's madness. But when they come for you, as you know. Yeah. Well I know very well.
I mean Surround Sound coming for you at the moment. Well yeah. I mean just just to quickly touch on my
legal case. I've talked about it enough. I'm kind of bored of it now. It's kind of interesting because
people message me they haven't spoke to me in a while like what's going on bro? I'm like I'm bored.
I'm so bored. I don't know. This is that you see too. So this kind of goes to my point. You know earlier
I was like oh I wanted to tell you this. Yeah. That's my other slight thing is I wanted to I am
not your mum obviously. But I think there's some people you give energy to that I don't think deserve
it. Okay. And I feel like I'm going to lose my voice and I sound like I'm going to cry. I'm not.
You can cry with me Kate. I'm seeing you can cry. I'm saying my t's now. You told me off on camera.
Everything's fine you know. We're friends. I can do that. We're friends. We've been through a lot.
We've been we've been through it babe. Well we really have been through it. That's true.
And we're still going through it. And we're still going. And after this we're going to go through it
some more. Do you get satisfaction from the fact that you know they must just hate you? Oh yeah.
Do you wake up? Do you? I wake up like that. Come on then. I wake up and I really just think
they've tried everything. Oh yeah. And I just won't shut up. Oh yeah. They must hate me. Oh and I can walk into
some places where you know BBC or whatever and I know they all hate me and then they're going to
get the walk which is oh fuck you off. Yeah. But I feel like you sometimes give your energy to people
who don't deserve it. And if I could just give a brief. When my first husband ran away from me
at some speed like you could literally see the sand flicking up behind him. He literally was like
Jesus Christ. Run. Run. I mean that's actually a true story. But people would come up to me after
when they um and they'd go oh Kate how are you doing? And I wised up really quite fast. They don't care.
What they want me to do was go oh I've got two babies and I just he left with the secretary he did.
She's got great tits. She did. I would never do that. I would never. That's terrible.
I would categorically say tits mean nothing to me. So that's what they wanted me to do. They
wanted me to fill them up with all my sorrow. So then they could take it to the marketplace of gossip.
Yeah. Where the HR fatties live. Yeah. And they could trade it. 100 percent.
And I sometimes see that even as a very outside observer and I think. I feel like I want to go
no don't. Yeah. So sometimes I feel like when people go oh what's going on? Oh I don't know how
they address you. I just that was my impression. What's going on brother? Bro? What do they say?
Do they say bro? Bro yeah. Do they get their willies out and go? I hope not. I've never noticed but
I hope not. Do you ever feel like the harder they try? Yes. The more it just doesn't work? Yes. Which is why
I love that you said. I was like I was like when you were like yeah me and my brother aren't going
to run. I was like that's the play. Yeah. Your chess strategy on that was perfection. We're now at
the stage where they have two choices. They either let us go and immortalize us or they put us in jail
and immortalize us. And you know. I'm not scared of a holiday. Bring you bring you to the UK.
Bidays as far as I'm concerned. It's going to be glorious. So I have every faith in you. Yeah. I think we'll be
okay. It's going to be fine. And I also believe that it takes two sides of the coin to make it
interesting. Like I love the fact that 99% of people love me because I've yet to have a negative
interaction in person ever. I've never had it yet. But without the 1% of idiots there's no you need
the arguments. You need the juxtaposition. You need it for fuel. If everybody agreed then there's no fun.
So I think haters are probably the best employees you can never pay. I mean they do a pretty good job
keeping your name out there. And MSM. I don't think there's no amount of money I could have
paid to get the exposure I've had. No you've done very very well. I've done. I've had billions of
dollars of exposure globally. Advertising companies would be envious of your achievements.
It's remarkable. It's remarkable. When I was in Dubai last I had kids from Ulaanbaatar,
Mongolia running up to me. And they're like oh you're all over the news. Like it's from from
Mongolia to Australia to Croatia. You name us country. I'm on the news. It's it's truly incredible. So as long
as I use that platform for good which I believe I am then I think in the end it's all going to work
out. In the end it comes good because in the end you can have confidence in what who you are what
you did and didn't do. And and you know that many people in in tricky situations will do most things
for money. Yeah. And and that's what you're up against. But you're also up against much bigger
forces that want to silence you and or eradicate you from the planet. And every day and I say this to
people and people who aren't in our position but people who are struggling is every day
you breathe is a day you win. Every day you stay alive is a day you win. Absolutely. And
and that's the best advice you me probably can give is every day it means you you're in the game.
And I guess the final the way to wrap it up I think you said something earlier which was really
it made me think and we talk about who's in charge of the world all the time and these globalists
and all their insanity and what they're trying to do in the matrix etc but truthfully who's in
charge of the world are the populations and what they'll accept. Exactly. We still have the power by
numbers and it took a while but eventually during COVID years in eventually the people of England
and London I remember being in London stuck in traffic for four hours sitting there and I thought
what's going on I finally found out it was a COVID protest I was very happy to be stuck in traffic I
was like oh great I was like perfect this is the best reason I have no problem being stuck in traffic for
this because this insanity has gone on long enough and the people at home need to understand there's
massive strength in numbers and that cowardice is the true pandemic and me even as a person I
heavily create cowardice I don't have cowardice around me I don't like it around me I think it's
sticky when all of the garbage starts going on or the matrix attempts to attack me between me my
brother and the people we live with and my friends it to us it's it's truly the greatest joke on the
planet like the BBC can do its very best on this top tier hit piece and nothing will make us laugh
harder because nobody around us operates from a realm of fear and it makes us more powerful and
I think as long as the populations of of the west start to understand that and they start to create
their realities and make sure there's enough of them like you're saying they're creating these
communities etc enough of them standing up saying no we don't care we're not going to bend we're not
going to move like the South Africans perhaps maybe there is hope perhaps I'm going to move back to
Luton I'm going to come back and we're going to fix everything perhaps we'll see yeah no there's
definitely hope ours is the side to be on every day you prevail is the day that we win because we
need everybody so we need people not to go anywhere and I think ultimately the real freedom you say is
the population and when you look at that at a level of one the real freedom is you right the freedom
lives in you and the more that you strengthen the more you train the more you can endure you know
gobble up pain like you love it you know say thank you for that pain I'm really enjoying this
eat pain up for breakfast then the more we win and I know that we win in the end and I know also
that I'm going to get you to come back to England thank you very much thank you thank you
