I was so curious.
Why did you actually agree to do this with me?
Why not?
I mean, I looked at your channel.
I liked the stuff you said.
And I thought, why not do it?
And perhaps I should be more difficult to get hold of.
Perhaps I should be more difficult to do podcasts with.
Six months, yeah.
Yeah.
But, you know, I think we have an interesting conversation.
So, Andrew, tell me, what is this?
This is my father's hand symbol.
So, my father used to do this when he was playing chess.
He would sit there and he would focus like this.
And I guess I copied it because that's the whole point of being a son to a father, right?
You're supposed to copy your father in all ways and you're supposed to replicate them.
And I feel like I've done a very good job of doing exactly that.
I feel like that's the exact point of even having a son in the first place.
It's going to be a replica of you.
Me, personally, I want to create 25 Andrew Tates to cause problems into the future.
That's what I want to be a little army of troublemakers.
So, I saw my father doing it and I copied it.
And it's a power mudra.
I think a lot of people know that now.
It balances the left hemisphere and the right hemisphere of your brain as well, right?
Absolutely.
And it works.
Sometimes, you know, if I need power, it's kind of like Power Rangers, you know, where they get the thing out.
Yeah, yeah.
And then it powers them up.
I can just do this and then it's ready for war.
So, I did it famously when I was arrested.
I did it in the police car and I do it very often.
And there's been some conspiracy theories.
Yeah, Illuminati.
All that stuff.
And all these kind of things.
But it's interesting to read these.
It's very interesting when people show them to me online and they say, look, we think you're one of this team or one of that team.
Yeah.
Especially as I'm trying so hard to tell the world how things actually work.
I feel like my arrest, though, has proven that I'm genuine.
I feel like the one thing that they made the mistake with trying to take me down is they proved I'm not on their side.
So, anyone now with a functioning brain goes, okay, well, he's not in their club because they're screwing this guy over.
So, anyone who's still out there, you know, with their social media platforms and jumping up and down and performing and doing whatever, those are the ones.
But you know how it also is, right?
A lot of these people, they think that, all right, this guy is clearly on that side.
He's actually genuinely honoring himself and all of that stuff.
But there's still some sort of hidden agenda because at the end of the day, people want to say what they want to say and what they believe.
So, how do you get past that?
Yeah, I mean, there's always going to be people who have theories about you.
There's always going to be somebody who believes X, Y, and Z.
Yeah.
But it's the controversy that makes it interesting.
Like, my brother and I talk about this quite often.
You need both sides of a story to perpetuate it.
If it's all just one side of the story and it's accepted truth, then it's not interesting.
So, even my haters who say that I've actually committed crimes or the people who say I'm not actually a good guy or whatever,
and I've joined this team and I'm secretly a controlled opposition,
you need both sides because it's both sides and the arguing that perpetuates it.
You need people who hate you.
You need people who love you.
And all my haters do a fantastic job of keeping me extremely relevant, and I have to thank them for that.
So, I have no concerns for certain people in the world disliking me.
In fact, I'm very aware that that's an important side of the coin, and I'm glad they exist.
Yeah.
And I'm glad that they, I mean, I can't imagine doing it, right?
Because I wake up every day and I have things to do and I have a very busy life and I'm trying to be successful and I have beautiful children and wives to see, cars to drive.
I have interesting things to do.
But if people want to wake up and dedicate their life towards hating me and trying to take me down, which, of course, just adds hot air to my balloon, then I'm going to take it.
Thank you very much.
I mean, you're unpaid members of staff and they do a fantastic job.
So, tell me, what is your opinion about India?
What was your visit like in Mumbai?
Yeah, that's a very good question.
So, I wish I knew you when I went, and I'm actually going to ask you a question, sir.
I want you to tell me what India is like.
Because I got there and it wasn't like I expected it.
Firstly, it's not cheap.
I stayed in the Four Seasons and I spent the same money in Mumbai as I did in Dubai.
Yeah.
It's very expensive.
True.
Which didn't matter, but I guess that just surprised me.
Yeah.
And then traffic's crazy.
Were you as successful as you are today?
No.
I don't think so.
No, no.
At that point.
It was many years ago.
Traffic's crazy.
I had no idea where to go, what to do.
And I think it's a metaphor for the entire world and life as a whole.
It's not where you are, it's who you're with.
Yep.
It's the same for every city.
It's the same.
Even just to quickly go back, this summer was, I spent the entire summer on house arrest
and I had the best summer of my life.
The best summer of my life.
Because there was like 20 of my friends living in this massive house, pool party every day.
Yeah.
I was seeing those videos of yours online as well.
Yeah.
It was amazing.
So it's not about where you are, it's who you're with.
I'm sure Mumbai could be a lot better than I experienced, but I didn't know what I was doing.
It's really good.
It's really fancy.
But once again, like I mentioned earlier, it is the matrix, right?
You have every type of human being over there.
Yeah.
So staying centered is very, very crucial.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You have to be you.
You just can't allow yourself to be taken for a ride.
Do you think it has like a, you're saying it's very fancy.
It has a good Dubai vibe.
If you know where to go, there's all this high end stuff and bars.
Yeah.
You've been there.
You've done that.
So you know what that's like.
So Mumbai is definitely not a place that would fascinate you anymore.
Whereas there are a whole bunch of places in India that you'd love exploring.
Yeah.
Like there's Kashmir.
It's beautiful.
It's like Romania, isn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Then we have a whole bunch of other places like Rajasthan, Jaipur, culturally very, very
rich.
And it's such a big country.
It is huge.
It's very diverse.
Yeah.
It is very, very diverse.
Like even in Mumbai, you must have seen the four seasons, right?
Besides that, there's a slum.
Yep.
Yeah.
So that's slumdog millionaire for you.
Yep.
Yep.
And you go, I was in Mumbai and people are like, when are you going to go see the Taj Mahal or Taj
Mahal?
That's Agra.
I'm like, it's far.
People think India is all like, y'all, you just go to Mumbai and you see it all.
Bro, the minute you're out of this whole mess that you're presently in, I'd like to bring
you over to India, man.
And I will accept that invitation, but I have a feeling this mess is going to morph and change
and continue for quite a while.
Do you think you actually call this upon yourself at times?
Because I've always seen that, you know, it's like a self-fulfilling prophecy also.
Yeah.
People say words are powerful and I understand that, but I also knew what was going to happen.
I truly believed it was going to happen.
And I thought by preempting it and making it clear that it's all a setup, it'll make
it very easy for the obvious thinking person to understand what's going on.
So I know that words are powerful, but I have a very interesting view on that, to be honest,
because I often say things which I perhaps shouldn't say.
I don't know if I'm goading the universe.
I don't know if I'm challenging them, but I don't operate from a realm of fear.
So I'm just not afraid to say certain things, whether they come true or not.
But I knew what they were going to do eventually.
I knew it was going to happen.
There was no way that they were going to allow me to continue to be as relevant as I was
saying the things that they don't want me to say.
And that's what the law has.
That's what the government has.
That's how the matrix works.
They have law.
That's all they have.
A government solution to everything is law.
If you go to a government and say, we have a problem, they say, okay, pass a law that fixes
the problem.
So, and then they have the legal system.
So if you upset them, they just get the legal system.
They set the dogs on you.
So it was very obvious play, which I knew was going to happen.
And now it's evolving and we're going to be in this process for quite a long time and
multiple countries are involved and who knows how long it's all going to last.
And the great thing about all of it, the truly amazing thing about it is at the end of it
jail, whether I'm innocent or guilty, they can't give me cancer.
They can't put me in a car crash.
They can't do anything that's genuinely happening.
I mean, there's people out here in the world today who are experiencing terrible things all
day, every day.
The worst they can do is put me in jail.
And I had a pretty good time in jail.
Yeah.
I mean, I have no problems going to jail.
It doesn't bother me at all.
I'm not going to ask you any jail questions, man.
I've seen that.
I've studied that too long.
It's been done a bunch of times, but the punishment for all of this garbage really isn't scary.
In fact, it's quite, I know this sounds insane, but the idea of going and spending some time
in jail, I find quite tempting.
And reassuring.
Well, it's just, it would be, it would be a unique experience that I'd get to look back
on and get to enjoy and it'd be a different level to the map of life.
And I have no problems at all going.
I will not be sad for a single second.
I think the frustration of the initial arrest and not knowing it was going to happen was different.
But now that I understand it's a possibility, I'm completely at peace with it.
In fact, I'm kind of tempted by it.
It'd be very interesting to go.
I think it'd be a cool story.
You don't get to come to India then, man.
I'll come to India afterwards.
That's the thing.
I'm a young man, right?
I'll come to India afterwards.
I mean, I'm not that young.
I'm 37.
But I'm 35.
Ah, see, you're young.
Yeah, I am.
I'm old.
No, you are, bro.
He's 37.
He looks younger than me.
I'm 37.
But I, I often think about this and this is, you can think about life this way in general,
but when I'm 42, all this junk will be over.
I'll still have hundreds of millions of dollars.
I'll still have beautiful children.
I'll still have all my houses and my cars.
And so none of it matters really in the grand scheme of life.
It's not like I'm going to be losing the best years of my life.
It's not like it's going to last for a very long time.
Even if they try and stitch me up, I'll be in jail for a year or something garbage.
So nothing, it really isn't a concern to me.
And I guess sometimes I feel old because I can't fight like I used to.
But then sometimes I feel very young reaching the level of success I've reached at only 37
years of age.
And you, you go and sometimes I go to these meetings with other Brigatti owners.
I used to go in and look at development properties for these 20, 30, 40, 50 million
dollar apartments.
And everyone there is 50 plus, 60 plus, gray hair.
Yeah, this was in Dubai.
This was in a few different places.
Dubai and Germany, a few different places.
And I'd walk in there and be the youngest man by a mile.
And I'd say, oh, maybe I am.
I'm still young.
Story of my life, man.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, there you go.
And usually youth comes with a lack of wisdom, but I try very hard to make sure that's not
the case.
And then you have unlimited energy in your youth.
And if you're wise enough at a young age and you have the energy of youth, then you
can do a lot of things.
How do you overcome all this fear of yours?
Because, you know, doing this interview right now, I don't want to call it an interview.
I'm just going to call this a tête-à-tête, right?
Yeah.
Because it helps me calm my nerves as well.
I'm not going to make it that elaborate.
Yeah.
But at the same time, I'm telling myself, how has this man actually overcome all of his fear?
I'm overcoming myself right now in the midst of this interview with you.
Well, I'm not sure I've overcome all my fears.
I think that fear actually increases your ability to perform in many ways.
Correct.
I think that being scared is a fantastic thing in the right scenario.
If you're not afraid, then you're not sharp.
When you walk along the street at night and it's dark and you're a little bit intimidated
and you're a little bit scared because you're in a bad part of town, your hearing is sharper.
Your eyes are sharper.
Your reactions are quicker.
So I think that fear is a fantastic thing in the right scenario.
There are certainly times where you need to be calm and you can't let it overcome you.
But I think fear is a fantastic thing.
I do have fears that I have not yet overcome and I don't want to overcome them.
I do have the fear of not being able to take care of my family.
For example, if the Matrix attack is successful, I do have fears of, I call it fear, but this
actually sounds quite arrogant.
It's not a fear.
But I love now and I'm very accustomed to having anything I want all of the time.
I would hate to go back.
So I do wake up and think, I don't really feel like working today, but Andrew, you can
have anything you want all of the time.
If I want a Kernan's egg, I buy a Kernan's egg.
So yeah, I am motivated by the lack.
I'm motivated by the dark and the yin and the yang.
I'm not motivated by the light.
When I buy a brand new $6 million car, I'm not motivated to work harder because I have
a $6 million car.
I'm motivated to work harder because I would hate not being able to buy a $6 million car.
And I feel like perhaps my whole life I've been motivated the dark as opposed to the light.
But is that an attachment to lack in some way?
I think it is, but I think it's just an attachment to the dark.
I think the masculine essence is.
Even when I was a professional fighter, I wanted to win.
But the primary reason I wanted to win is so that I could make him lose.
It wasn't about me winning.
It was about him losing.
He spent eight weeks calling out my name and telling the world he's going to beat me and
telling his wife, don't worry, wife.
It's going to be okay.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to pay for the kids.
Don't worry.
I love you.
I'm training so hard.
And he's told the whole world he's going to beat me.
So by forcing him to lose in front of his family, that gave me satisfaction more than
winning itself.
I've always been attached to the dark of the world.
I feel like the dark of the world has always motivated me.
So on the yin and the yang scale, I have a lot of light and I have so much beauty and
I have a very blessed life.
Yeah.
But it is because I've been so deeply in the dark and understand the realities of how
the world works.
But that's just always been what motivated me.
If I want to, once again, put it down to something asinine, like buying a car, if I want to buy
a Kernan's egg, I don't care about driving the car.
I just want other people to not be able to have it.
And I just want to be able to say, look, I can spend $6 million on WhatsApp in 10 minutes.
Who are these other people?
Other rich people who have to think about it or finance it or contemplate it or sell
a house.
I just want to be able to be like, bing, bing, they took it.
Ha, ha, ha.
Instant gratification, impulsive, what?
I think it's just about the others losing.
I think the world has tried very hard to breed this out of men, but I am unapologetic about
it and I'm not afraid to admit it, that I am absolutely interested in conquest.
I'm interested in peacocking my feathers and being the best.
I'm interested in showing off.
I'm interested in alpha male high.
Look at me.
I have everything.
I can do everything.
Look at me.
This is who I am.
And they say that this is all bad and toxic masculinity, but that's again, just a massive
psyop.
The entire world was built off the back of toxic masculinity.
All the high buildings in Mumbai are built by men who want to prove themselves and say,
look what I can do.
I can literally go and build a building that's a hundred stories high.
You need an ego.
And I'm ego driven and ego fueled.
I don't let it control me, but satisfying my ego makes me happy and feeling pride makes
me happy.
How do you prevent the ego to sabotage you?
Well, the ego sabotages you when you allow it to delude you.
And this is what a lot of people do because they'll have an ego without the real world
accomplishments and then they become deluded and then they become non-competitive.
To remain effective, you need to be very firmly in the real world.
I have a massive ego, but I'm also a realist.
I know what I'm good at.
I know what I'm bad at.
I'm not, I don't apologize ever for saying what I'm good at.
And I will sit here and admit the things I cannot do.
But as long as you have feedback that you're going to take on board and you have a good
team around you, and you're also self-analyzing all the time, then you can remain a realist
and an egotist.
And then I think you'll do very well.
The masculine ego has built the entire world.
It's the reason nearly every single man ever went to war and conquered anything.
The masculine ego, in fact, it's very interesting.
I was talking to a girl the other day and I was saying that men crave adventure more
than women.
She was saying, oh no, I like adventure.
I don't just want to sit at home.
I like to go out and explore things and go to restaurants, et cetera.
I said, no, what you like to do is run around, go into restaurants and, and going shopping.
You call that an adventure.
Masculine adventure is the men who decided to go to Antarctica and freeze to death.
There's no shopping.
There's no sushi.
They just felt like they had to do it to satisfy their ego and to place their names in the history
books.
So there's something inside of every man that feels that.
And they try and breed it out of men because they're afraid of that masculine spirit because
that masculine spirit is hard to conquer and they want to conquer us all.
But I have no problems admitting that I am motivated by the dark of, of the yin and the
yang.
And I have no problems admitting that my ego motivates me and that I'm motivated by pride
and I like to feel proud.
And I do things that allow me to feel proud.
And as long as I stay realistic and I don't become egocentric, then I feel like it makes
me as competitive as possible.
So you keep upskilling yourself?
Well, you have to always push the limits, right?
What's the point in living otherwise?
What are you doing right now to just keep yourself up?
Well, this is the thing.
It's in general.
It doesn't matter if you go to the gym and you try and lift more weights.
It doesn't matter if you try and make more money that you can't possibly spend.
Right.
It doesn't matter if you need more beautiful children.
Yeah.
You always need something to do, right?
And you always need somewhere to push.
They say when you retire, you die.
I would argue that's probably true.
Or sharks die.
No, that's true.
That is true.
Of course it's true.
So I think there's a lot of men out there who perhaps are battling with themselves because
the matrix and system has told them, no, you're not supposed to think that way.
You're not supposed to be that way.
You're egotistical.
You're driven by pride.
You should get rid of all that.
And you should, I don't know what, become soppy goo instead.
Just some porridge mess that the matrix can program.
But no, you're supposed to wake up and look in the mirror and say, this is my name.
This is who I am.
I'm going to be the best version of myself.
And everybody's going to respect me.
And I'm going to force them to, because that's the way the world works.
Respect can be squeezed out of people.
They don't have to like you.
You can't squeeze someone liking you.
You can't grab space time from the universe and force everybody to like you.
But you can force everybody to respect you, whether they want to or not.
All of my haters respect me.
They sit there.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, this guy's so bad, so bad, so bad.
But they can't say I'm unsuccessful.
They can't say I'm not intelligent.
They can't say I'm not rich.
I'm still worthy of all their time and attention.
They've dedicated their lives to me.
So I've forced them to respect me.
If I was a nobody, then they wouldn't be reporting on this garbage case of mine.
So you can force respect from people.
And this is actually most observable with women.
There's a whole lot of women who are dating men they don't even like.
Yeah.
And they're sleeping with men they don't even like.
But they respect him.
Because it's the security that they offer, right?
That's right.
The security they offer and the respect.
And they can say, I don't even like him that much.
In fact, I hate him.
But I just do as he says.
Why is that?
Because they respect you.
So I'm driven by that.
And I guess, I mean, I've talked to psychiatrists.
And there's some psychiatrists who would argue that it's insecurity to feel like you need
to prove yourself to the world all the time.
And I think that's part of the psyop.
They convince you.
You're insecure if you want to prove you're capable.
If you want to prove that you're different and intelligent and interesting, you're insecure.
They always say that you're born abundant any which way.
Then why is the rest of the world poor?
Well, there you go.
But they say, you should have no interest in what people think about you.
That makes you insecure.
And that is the largest psyop in history.
To wake up and say, I'm not going to be successful.
I'm not going to be strong.
I'm not going to be interesting.
I'm not going to go out there and test myself.
And I'm not going to put honor on my last name.
Because I would hate for people to think I'm insecure.
I'm secure.
So it doesn't matter if you think I'm a loser.
And it doesn't matter if I am a loser.
So I'm just going to sit at home and I'm secure.
No, it's not insecurity.
It's called duty to your last name and honor.
And that's just another one of the many different tentacles inside of the psyop octopus
trying to snatch any motivation left from the masculine spirit.
If I was a man who was unsuccessful and I hadn't met my physical capability
or my financial capability or my mental capability or my spiritual capability,
I would be insecure.
I would sit and say, this is a failed version of who Andrew Tate could be.
And I'm not happy with who it is.
And I think that every man should be like that.
So he gets up off his ass and does something.
But how do you have such incredible self-worth?
Obviously, it was instilled within you because we are the sum total of our parents, right?
In the first seven years of our life.
I think so, yes.
But also, competence is confidence.
I think they go hand in hand.
You're going to be confident in doing things you're good at.
And I understood I had to get good at things from a very young age.
And I was challenged from a very young age to constantly test myself
in endless competition.
My whole life has been competition.
It was chess tournaments from a very young age.
And then it was professional fighting.
My whole life's been a massive competition.
And I understood that there's winners and losers.
And that's how the world operates.
To this day, right now, it's the same thing.
And you just get good at the idea of competition.
I think there's a lot of people out here who don't realize they're in a fight.
Or they know they're in a fight, but they want to ignore the fact they're in a fight.
They want to ignore the fight, yeah.
Because they don't want to have to accept that they're losing.
So they wake up and say, oh, I'm just a man living life.
No, they're too comfortable.
Yeah, they're too comfortable.
No, you're not.
I was 140 kilos myself.
Like, I was a really fat kid.
Yeah.
You know, I lost all that weight.
But of course, I started abusing steroids at that point of time.
I got hooked on to drugs.
Yeah.
That is something that I didn't want to do.
But that's what I thought I was.
I need that external validation in my life.
Yeah.
Because I didn't know who I was.
Yeah.
Right?
I was always trying to be somebody that the world was trying to dictate who I should be.
Yeah.
But I had an awakening of sorts myself.
Okay.
And it was fairly recent.
And I just transformed into another version of myself where I was able to actually see
that this is how this version of me will sabotage a perfectly good situation.
Yeah.
I had to sit and discipline myself.
I had to be an older brother to my younger self.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I had to do that all the time.
I had to become a future version of myself in the present moment by offering gratitude for already
becoming who I always knew I could be.
Yeah.
But what's very interesting is all those bad things you just talked about, the bad experiences,
you wouldn't have been able to self-educate without the bad experiences.
Experience.
You need the bad things also.
Yeah.
Just as we talked about earlier about haters and you need the light and the dark and the
yin and the yang, thousands of years old.
You need the two.
This is what's very interesting.
The point you made is very, very, very pertinent.
There's a lot of people who complain about the bad things that happen in their life,
not understanding that without the bad things, you'd have no life at all.
You need all of the bad things.
You need the mental struggle.
You need to go through things which you regret.
You need to sit there so that if you've never regretted any action you've ever taken, how
can you sit and make a intelligent decision for the future?
You cannot.
You can't do it.
You need to sit and say, well, I felt the sting of regret for X.
I don't want to feel the sting of regret for Y.
You need this experience.
And that's what life is all about.
People think that life is just the good times.
And this is the massive misconception.
Love is a perfect example.
Let's use love.
Because people think being in love is holding hands.
And I hold hands.
And we cuddle in bed.
I love them.
Love is the whole spectrum.
Love is missing them.
Love is breaking up with them.
Love is being sad they don't text you.
Love is the whole circle.
There is no up without down.
Anything that has the ability to emotionally affect you positively, has the ability to emotionally
affect you negatively.
There's nothing in the world that can only affect you in one direction.
Even something as asinine and stupid as an object.
We'll go back to cars because I used it earlier.
If I buy a car for 6 million euro and it makes me very happy, if that car sets on fire at
random, I'm going to be extremely angry.
This is what happens.
If it's a Nissan, it won't make me happy.
But if it sets on fire, I won't be sad.
They're directly correlated.
Anything in the world that makes you happy that you currently have, whether it's a person,
whether it's a job, whether it's a scenario, whatever it is, also has the
exact inverse capability to make you extremely angry.
So you have to accept this about life.
You're quite detached, man.
You're quite detached from everything that you also own.
You say you love it, but at the same time, you're okay with letting go.
Well, that's because I think I have confidence in myself to get it all back.
And that's also because I have quite a lot of emotional control.
And then perhaps, maybe I'm a little bit of a sadist.
I don't know.
But when bad things happen to me, I just...
You love it.
Yeah.
I kind of enjoy it.
And I think that maybe it's perhaps I just enjoy it for the story.
Perhaps my whole life is not about trying to find comfort.
It's trying to find challenges.
And it's trying to find stories.
I'll be very honest with you.
Even in jail, my brother and I kept saying, this is probably the best story, one of our
best ever stories.
That's what life is about to me.
And if you were to say to me right now, Andrew, do you want to spend a year living in comfort
and flying around the world and sleeping with girls and doing whatever?
Or do you want to spend a year in a jail in Mongolia?
I'd probably choose the jail.
Maybe I'm a sadist.
Maybe I'm nuts.
But for me, it's all about the challenges.
It's not about the comforts.
That's what I'm interested in.
And I want to have stories to die with.
So when bad things happen...
But then what happens to your wife?
What happens to your kids?
Well, exactly.
That's part of the story.
That's probably one of the best parts.
What's going to happen to them?
Yeah, dude.
Will she stay loyal?
Of course, I'm the top G.
But come on.
But what happens to her?
What happens to my kid?
How much did I miss my child when I couldn't see them?
How did they get to Mongolia to even come visit me?
Was I allowed visits?
Did I get in a fight in there?
Did I die in jail?
Who knows?
But this is the whole point.
Maybe I'm just addicted to the idea of having stories worth telling.
Because I think if your life just goes well all the time...
You know what's really interesting?
Because the world's so changed.
Sorry, I'm going to cut you out of here.
But have you programmed them?
Have I programmed myself to think that way?
Yeah.
Programmed your wives, your kids that...
This is the thing that I'm going to go through right now.
You guys better be prepared.
Well, I think anyone who's with me understands that it's a possibility.
Yeah.
There's certainly a chance that something bad can happen at any time.
They're very concerned.
My woman says to me every single night,
like, I hope you wake up tomorrow without a police raid.
Like, it's just...
Who knows, right?
It's unpredictable.
It's stressful, dude.
And it's stressful for the woman more than me.
Because I'm at peace with all of this.
In fact, I truly enjoy it.
And this ties into what I was about to say.
I think that, like...
I can tell you a story.
Ten years ago, maybe, I bought my first Lamborghini.
When I bought that Lamborghini, I was in England.
I bought it in London.
I was still in Luton a lot because my mother lived there.
That was talk of the town.
Everyone talked about it.
Everyone cared.
Facebook was on fire.
Take it as a Lambo.
It was a big deal.
Every time I parked it anywhere, there was crowds around it.
Every time I was driving, people took videos of it, etc.
And that was in England, a wealthy country.
Here we are 10 years later.
We're in Bucharest, Romania.
Technically, the poorest country in Europe.
You'll see a Lambo every five minutes.
And nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
So I feel like all the light and all the positive, now that social media has shined so much light on people's lives, and what people do is they curate their lives to only show the positive, right?
So you can have people with very normal jobs and basically no money.
But if you look at their Instagram feed, they look rich because they've taken that one time they went to dinner and they got the 25 different angles and they went on two holidays that year.
Bro, I used to do that years back.
But when I had my awakening, I was like, this is...
Because now that I can actually afford it, I never even felt the need to put that up on my Instagram.
Well, exactly.
Yeah.
Which is the exact point.
So everyone's taken the highlight reels of their lives.
So all the light has been displayed to the world.
And hedonistic adaptation is real.
So you need to always up the game.
So a private jet, when I was flying on private jets three or four years ago, it was a big deal.
Everyone copied...
I mean, jets are jets.
Everyone started jumping on jets.
Look, I got a jet.
And 20 other people get together and they chip in, they get a jet and they film it.
And what I'm saying is, there's only so many levels you can raise the bar in the light.
There's only so many levels you can raise the bar.
I have the Bugatti, I have the Kernan's Egg, I have a jet, I have a yacht.
But you can raise the bar up there.
That's done.
But the dark is a cesspool.
It's endless.
It's a swamp.
Yep.
And I'm not going to pray anything terrible happens to me.
I would never do that.
In fact, I pray for the opposite.
My point is, at least there are endless stories in the swamp.
You're an explorer.
You're an explorer.
There's an explorer.
Yeah, and I feel like in the light, there's only so many stories.
Okay, you get a fast car.
You get a nice house.
You get beautiful women.
Okay, you have some children.
Okay, you sit around with your boys.
You laugh.
You go for a nice drive.
You go to nice places.
Blah, blah, blah.
But I don't feel that the...
Maybe it's the pain I'm addicted to.
I'm not sure.
Yeah, it has to be that.
That swamp is interesting to me.
That story is done with.
You've already mastered that story.
It's done.
So it's the next story that you're looking for.
And yeah, and that's what's so interesting about my current scenario.
Because you end up sitting here thinking maybe the dark is the most appealing side of it.
Maybe that's what I want to happen.
But we're going to see.
But I think that it's also very interesting if we're going to analyze it from a metaphorical perspective.
Where if you're a man in the middle and you don't have the light yet, often you'll find the light by jumping into the dark.
Yep.
What does Newton say?
They're equal and opposite force.
The deeper you go, if we imagine, let's imagine the yin and the yang.
Let's imagine there's a line in the middle and you have the light and you have the dark underneath it.
If you're standing in the middle, the deeper you'll dive into the dark, it's like coiling a spring.
The higher you'll bounce back into the light.
This is what's happening right now.
Exactly.
And this is also why I became successful in the first place.
Because I've always been capable of fighting and going through pain and dedicate myself and doing difficult things.
And having hard things happen to me and being emotionally regulated.
So, perhaps what's so interesting about it is, even if I want the dark, no matter how deep I dive into it, no matter how much mess I try and get myself in, I'm just going to end up springing back and having more fans and more followers and more people talking about me and more social media.
It's the emotional regulation that I'm worried about.
I'm like, how the hell does this guy do it?
Well.
How do you manage that?
Yeah.
For me, it's relatively easy.
Because it's a new dark again.
It is.
It is.
But it's, that's part of, that's part of, I'm looking for the journey.
I don't want the comfort.
I want the challenge.
I'm looking for the journey.
So, no matter what bad is happening to me, part of me is always going to sit there and detach myself from myself and analyze it from the third person and say, wow, fantastic.
This is going to be a great opportunity.
It's a great opportunity for you to prove yourself to yourself and prove yourself to everybody else and prove yourself to God.
And I think that that's what's truly appealing about life for me.
And I don't think it's even that unusual.
I mean, people look for adventure.
Let's look at those poor billionaires who went on that submersible sub.
They have all the money.
Yeah.
They've been everywhere.
They've, they've had every position you could have in.
They've driven every car.
They've done it all.
Right.
So what's left?
They want to challenge themselves and take a risk.
They knew it was risky.
That's why they wanted to do it because it was risky.
I am not, I don't find things like that appealing.
I don't find the idea of risking my personal safety as regards to going to space or going
into the ocean appealing.
I find it more appealing to allow God and allow life to put me in scenarios where I need
to prove the metal of my character by absorbing all of the negativity around me and converting
it into light.
I like the idea of jumping in the swamp and swimming down to the bottom and touching the
floor and coming up without a drop of dirt on me and saying, look, that's how bad life
can get.
Here I am, Mr. Rich and Mr. Successful.
So I have a different view of it, but I'm very, very fortunate that I am.
I mean, I'm sure God's going to give me the scenarios I'm looking for.
He's going to give me the good and the bad and they go together.
And anybody at home who is in a negative scenario or in a negative situation who's complaining
needs to understand that they need to embrace it and use it as a springboard because there
is no light without dark.
And there's no, they're equal and opposite forces.
I think it's Newton's third or second law.
If you push against something, it's pushing back against you.
This is how the universe works.
Resistance.
Resistance.
Absolutely.
What is will?
What is will?
Well, I've analyzed this at length.
Are some people born just to be certain ways or are they trained to be certain ways?
Is it nature or is it nurture?
I guess you could argue a case for both.
If you have a strength of will, then it's, I guess, an illogical obsession with X.
And I think that you, as a man especially, should always have a degree of illogicality
about you.
If you're too logical, the thing is with rationalization and being logical is that you
can talk your way out of something so easily.
It's very easy to say, why be a professional fighter?
I could get brain damage.
Is it worth it?
No.
Why drive fast cars?
I could crash.
Is it worth it?
No.
Why?
You can very easily rationalize inaction.
You can always rationalize cowardice.
We just saw this with, right?
You had a whole bunch of people who took because they rationalized it.
Uh, where's the paper?
The paperwork says I should.
And the data from the scientists and they rationalize it.
Right?
So you can rationalize doing the cowardly choice.
Being brave is nearly always illogical.
So to have strength of will, you need to be an illogical person.
And to be a good man, you need to be illogical.
To wake up and say, this doesn't particularly make sense, but this is what I want to do.
Bro, that is exactly what I did.
Because a lot of people said that you've taken all the steroids in the world, but you don't
want to take this?
Yeah.
I'm like, no, it just doesn't make sense to me.
I don't know.
Something happened, man.
2019-20 was a bit of a portal.
Yeah.
Is what I kind of believe.
I think I woke up.
Yeah.
And I was able to successfully see through what you've been seeing for a while.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Exactly.
And the hole's in the matrix.
And then you have to sit and say, okay, well, now we know how they operate and these are
the most powerful people on earth and they have the legal system at their disposal.
It would be illogical for me to sit here and argue with them.
Yeah.
But I guess you need strength of will.
You do.
And if you take a man who's not illogical in any way, I think they're not very good at
being men.
Men are determined by what they believe and they're determined by their duty and their honor
and their illogical obsession with it.
And that's what I would say will is.
Yeah.
Bro, that's a beautiful answer.
Thank you.
I'll take it.
Thank you.
Why do you think that the society that we're in at present is purposely trying to emasculate
men in general?
Oh, I think that's a, there's two, there's two answers to that.
The first thing is they have to remove the warrior class from society so they can subjugate
everybody.
Right.
It's always been the same.
When the Romans would turn up and they'd conquer a Greek town, they'd kill all the military
age males.
They'd slash all their necks so that there's never going to be a resistance force against their
occupation.
So they're trying to demasculinize us all because they intend on making us all slaves
and they don't want men who are going to stand up and resist against them.
Men like me saying things that they don't like.
So they want to just basically turn everyone into eunuchs and cucks.
So they sit there and allow that.
That's what they want.
They want you to give up your women and give up control of your family and give up control
of your children's minds and give up control of your land to foreign invaders.
Yep.
And they want you to just sit there and accept it all.
So they have to remove the masculine spirit because anything, anyone who's remotely masculine
is going to say, no, this is my country, my land, my town, my wife, my kids, my house,
and you're not going to control any of them and no one's going to take them off me.
So they have to remove that.
But also I think another reason is when laws are made, it's quite annoying that they have
to make laws for the group.
They can't make laws for the specific.
They have to make laws based on the lowest percentile of the population.
I talked about speed limits with this, and it's a very easy example, but I have world
champion athlete reflexes.
I've done thousands of hours of professional driver training.
I have 60 cars.
I drive them every day.
I am passionate about driving.
I have vehicles which can stop at twice the speed a normal car could stop at.
The speed limit for me should not be the speed limit for everybody else.
I'm better than everybody else in a better machine.
But they can't do that.
They can't say the speed limit is 50, but Tate can go 100 because Tate is exceptionally
intelligent, genius IQ, has an SF9E that has carbon ceramic brakes.
He doesn't drink alcohol.
He doesn't take drugs.
So Tate can do 100 and you have to do 50.
They can't do that.
So what they say is we have to make a speed limit for everybody.
So the 50 speed limit is based on the woman who drinks on the weekends, who doesn't even
like driving, who doesn't pay attention, who listens to her music too loud and does her
lip gloss in the mirror as she drives.
So they have to make the limit based on the lowest percentage of performers.
Right.
A group can only move as fast as the slowest member.
So when they make any law, they have to come along and say, who are the lowest performers?
Who are the biggest losers in society?
Because we have to accommodate for these people.
Very, very true.
And we have to punish the other people at the top by making this big group law where you
have to accommodate for the losers.
So you're saying, why is masculinity under attack?
Well, they're coming along saying, well, for the group, what's going to be good for the
overall group?
We don't want certain people to be monumentally successful.
We don't want certain people to be outside of this percentile.
We don't want certain people to be outside of this parameter.
Let's just make a law for the overall group.
Let's make rules for the overall group.
And they haven't sat there because, I mean, I have to give feminists, although they're
idiots, I have to give them credit.
I understand what they're trying to do.
Feminists, I understand what you're trying to do, but in typical female fashion, you
f***ed it up.
Because what they're trying to say is toxic masculinity is a man who gets very angry and
is big and aggressive and gets mean and then loses his temper, his wife, and beats his
wife up.
That is toxic masculinity.
I agree.
So then they say men shouldn't be big and aggressive and mean.
But that doesn't work because you need big and aggressive, mean men to protect women.
You need big and aggressive, mean police officers and soldiers.
So they've come along saying, for the group, we need to make everyone not be big and aggressive
and mean anymore because there's a couple idiots who are big, aggressive and mean and
beat the s*** out of their wife.
That is the wrong solution.
It's a generalization.
It's a generalization.
It's the generalizations that they're scared of, because they don't understand the best
men on the planet are big, aggressive and mean.
Those are the best men on the planet.
Those are the men they need most.
Most feminists need big, aggressive, mean men to protect them for their points of view
because they can't protect themselves, meaning they have no point of view without men, meaning
feminism is a masculine movement anyway.
It is.
The whole world is a masculine movement because men are the only ones who can defend an idea.
If you can't defend an idea, you don't have an idea.
So all these women, when they sit on these podcasts and they say, blah, blah, blah, that's
all fine.
But please understand, men allow you to say these things and men protect you and men protect
you because otherwise you wouldn't have an opinion to be absolutely subjugated.
So that's why they're trying to demasculinize society, because they're making generalized
rules based on the lowest percentile of the population.
And then in a more sinister fashion, they're trying to put the entire world into a slavery
or a serfdom because, I mean, they've always been looking for control.
The elites have always been looking for control.
I don't think this is a relatively new thing.
How much do you think after people like yourself, are they actually succeeding?
I don't think that they are because I think people today are able to successfully at least
wake up and smell the coffee.
It's true, but we've moved into a very interesting period in human history because what used to
happen is the elites would try very hard to subjugate.
The people would realize they're being subjugated or they'd rebel or they'd get upset.
The elites would then be ousted and replaced.
So if you had a king in charge of a country and there was a peasant revolt and a civil war
and he lost that war, he would end up dead and a new king would come.
But I don't think that happens anymore because, firstly, the people who are leading us, we don't
know who they are, truly.
I mean, I can guess, I can say some names, but that would just accelerate my decline.
We don't know where they are.
They're not geographically stuck to a particular area.
So they could be anywhere doing anything.
Could they ever be replaced or changed and the new puppet who comes in truly be different?
Well, we've tried.
We've seen some attempts with that, with Trump, for example.
Look at what they're doing to him.
Another 40 cases.
Yeah.
Well, there you go.
Right.
So that's an interesting scenario.
And it's also a very interesting scenario because we're entering the age of AI.
And I feel like usually what happened was the elites would lie to the populace.
The populations would wake up because the world is cyclical, right?
What we're going through now, I'm sure there's been people who have always believed the world
is going to end.
I really wake up sometimes, I look around and think, this is all about to collapse.
It's over.
The end times are here.
But I'm sure they felt the same in World War II.
Yeah.
I'm sure they felt the same when the Roman Empire was falling.
The age of Atlantis.
Yeah.
I'm sure everyone sat there and thought, this is the end.
I'm sure the Romans, when they saw the Roman Empire on fire, saw the barbarians and thought,
this is it.
This is civilization.
It's over now.
It's over forever.
So we've always felt that way.
But I've sit and realized that what would happen is in this cyclical system is that
the peasants would rebel against the elites and the elites would be replaced and the elites
would come in with perhaps truthful intentions and over time would begin to lie and they'd
continue to lie and lie and lie and lie until eventually the population would once again
fight against the elites and elites would be replaced and they'd come along with a version
of truth and they'd lie and lie and lie and lie.
But now we're interested in a period because they've pushed it too far.
They've lied too much.
Every single thing they say is a lie.
Every single system is broken.
Nobody stands a chance of getting out of the matrix.
You're never going to be able to pay off your house.
You're going to stay poor forever.
Everybody's upset.
Everybody wants to rebel.
But we can't replace our elites very easily.
One.
And two, I feel like we've moved paradigm from lying to just brutal force because I think
AI is going to be used to force everybody to comply.
So it's interesting in only 10 years ago.
Do you also think that the elite have sabotaged their own situation by building AI?
Well, that's another conversation.
Well, whether AI will become sentient and take them down, I'm not sure.
Skynet, right?
Yeah, Skynet.
And that's very scary to me.
But 10 years ago, they want the population to comply with something.
They had to lie to you and convince you to do it.
And I feel like we're now moving into a new age where they don't need to lie to you.
They don't need to convince you to do it.
Soon, it's going to be, we don't care if you want to do it or not.
Do it.
Otherwise, you're not going to get your food parcel delivered to your 15-minute city pod.
It's just going to become brutal force.
And they can use AI to do that with police.
Once the police are robotic and once they control everywhere we go, once facial recognition
cameras are everywhere, once all the cars are electric and once the money is electrical
and once a lot of the populace become useless, which is going to happen by AI as well,
all the low-skilled jobs are going to be replaced.
The average man is not going to be able to compete in the labor market.
It's already begun.
That's right.
So it's going to be a form of communism where you need the government to feed you.
And they're only going to feed you if you get the injections they tell you to get.
Otherwise, you're not going to get your food allocation.
And they're not going to sit there and say, you should get the injection.
It's safe and effective.
They're going to say, you should get the injection or you're not going to eat.
So we're moving to a new era now, a new age where they no longer need deception and
sugar-coated lies.
And they can rely on brute force and brute computation to force you to comply.
And I think it's actually the most scary version of this circle.
We talked about how the world is cyclical.
Never before in history has humanity been replaced.
There's always been a human element and that's now being removed.
So I feel like perhaps this is actually the end of the world this time.
And it's scary.
And then you have to sit and think, well, how do you protect yourself against these things?
Bro, you better get out of this whole situation before AI actually begins to dominate.
Well, there we go.
There we go.
And then how do you protect yourself against these things?
Well, you need to know people.
You need to have a strong network.
And then you need to have a whole bunch of money because money is to store time and energy
of other humans.
But then again, it's about understanding where do you actually allocate all those funds?
Well, here you go.
This is exactly what I was about to say.
You nailed it.
Because now the largest proportion of my net worth and my wealth is being allocated towards
building my own machine army.
If AI is inevitable and AI cannot be replaced, I mean, if AI cannot be displaced, if AI is
coming for all of us, well, I want to control as much of it as possible.
That's simple.
If they were to say, look, AI is coming to society.
It's going to disrupt and displace so many people and it's going to control the entire world.
I'm going to say, fantastic.
Well, I want to understand it.
And I want to have as much AI as possible under my control and my influence.
So I'm working very hard on a bunch of AI projects.
How do you do that?
Do you mind sharing a couple of them?
Inside of Hustlers University, inside of my school, we teach artificial intelligence.
And I think anybody who doesn't sign up for $49 and learn how artificial intelligence works
is dooming them and their entire bloodline to eternal slavery.
But we're investing a whole bunch of money in trying to produce AI versions of me.
We're trying to produce AI versions of entire teams and launch crypto projects.
Yeah, Andrew Skynet.
No, because even now, my superpower, one of the things I'm best at is sitting and talking.
Yeah.
I would argue in 50 years, that's going to be completely irrelevant.
Yeah.
We're all going to have chips in our brains and we're all going to have access to the
internet instantaneously.
And we're all going to have the ability to put together with chat GPT, the most eloquent
speech ever.
So my superpower is about to go out of fashion also.
So I'm sitting here going, okay, well, can I build a Skynet version of Andrew Tate?
I'm still old school.
I'm still willing to learn the old school methodology that you actually provide in terms
of communication.
Yeah, well, there you go.
But it's all going to become obsolete.
So what I'm trying to do is just always be ahead of the curve.
I want a Skynet version of Andrew Tate and I want Skynet employees and I want to use as
much AI as possible.
I sit and analyze all my companies and literally sit there with my partners and say, how do we put
as much AI as possible into this?
I'm just trying to be ahead of the curve because it's a certainty.
Correct.
It's a certainty and it's coming.
It's amazing to me the average man will sit at home, watch this podcast, understand that
AI is a certainty, understand it's going to be used to enslave him, know that his only
weapon against it is to have AI or understand AI or use AI to make enough money so that he
can at least skirt around the system or be geographically free or move to another jurisdiction
and still do nothing.
Like it's panic stations truthfully for humanity.
And I just feel very glad that I'm in the position I'm in where I am to a degree outside
the matrix, at least financially.
My brother and I say all the time, we must say it five times a day as we walk past each
other.
Thank God we got out.
Because if you're still stuck in it right now, absolute slavery is coming.
I'm learning.
I'm learning as well.
Yeah, it's coming.
I'm not where you are, but I'm close.
There you go.
You get there.
Yeah.
Bugatti in Mumbai.
Bro, you can't, I can't buy a Bugatti in Mumbai because somebody bought one and it actually
got stuck on a speed breaker.
No way.
Yeah, dude, that actually happened.
Yeah.
Wow.
We have so many speed breakers.
We actually have to take a car like that.
Wow.
I want to have to look it up.
It's on YouTube or something?
Yeah, I'll send you a video.
Okay, send it to me.
I want to see that.
But bro, what are the main characteristics of this resistance?
And it's like you're building this whole army of yours, right?
Like you rightly said, through AI.
Yeah.
So, I mean, primarily to resist.
You're teaching people in Hustlers University, what is AI?
What's it all about?
But I'm not really able to, I'm not able to phrase this accurately, but you're creating
your own army of sorts.
But when people actually see this podcast, they're going to catch wind of this and they're
going to be like, Andrew's ahead of the curve.
He's catching up.
So how do you, how do you neuter that?
Yeah.
I think that firstly, the masculine spirit is the number one form of resistance.
I think that's always going to be the case.
It's always going to be men who say, no, we're not going to accept this, which is why
they're trying so hard to stamp it out of us, which is why a lot of my work isn't about
teaching AI or teaching money.
It's trying to teach men to be men again.
And you say this, you can be a man unapologetically and you can feel like a man unapologetically
and you can have male opinions and masculine worldviews completely unapologetically.
I think that's the most important thing I could do for the resistance against enslavement.
But in terms of Hustlers University and the school we've built and the things we teach,
it's kind of interesting.
To me, it was such an obvious play to launch a school like this because all of the traditional
education systems are one, overpriced and two, don't teach you anything.
They don't.
They really don't teach you anything.
I talk to girls who go to university and I love to say this.
I say, what did you learn today?
And they come home and go, what do you mean?
No, today, you went to school today.
Yeah.
What did you learn today?
They say, oh, I'm studying psychology.
No, I didn't ask what you know.
What did you learn today?
They can't even tell you what they've learned.
Bro, my friends in finance, MBAs in finance, they don't know how to make money, bro.
It's a frequency that they need to tap into, that frequency of abundance.
That's what I tapped into.
That's how it just started flowing to me.
Then I had to actually learn, how do you actually make money?
Because first, you need to start feeling abundant.
You need to feel that feeling.
If you don't have that.
It's amazing.
And people who, I know it makes no sense to people who are struggling, but I have always
been that way with money.
If I had no money, I'd tip my last money.
I'd give 50 euro my last money.
Bro, that is me.
And then you're right, it's a feeling of abundance and it just seems to appear because
your horizons are open.
You know, it's funny, when I was poor, I thought everybody was poor because I didn't know anybody
with money.
And now that I'm rich, everyone's rich.
It's amazing now that I'm rich.
All the people I talk to, everywhere I go, everybody has a $100,000 watch.
Everybody has a Lamborghini.
Everybody has a big house.
It's a paradigm shift.
It's a paradigm shift, man.
It's weird.
Like, oh, everyone's not poor.
In fact, everyone's actually rich.
Everyone has loads of money.
And there are people who exist in that paradigm and that's all they see, especially beautiful
women.
Beautiful women, to them, everybody's rich.
Yeah.
Everyone they ever talked to is rich.
They never spoke to a guy who doesn't have money.
In their mind, men just have money.
We don't even have to earn it.
We just grow it like a hair.
Just like, oh, you're a man.
Of course you have money.
Every man I know has money.
Every man on my phone has money.
All my exes had money.
Everyone has money.
They don't even think about the fact that we have to go and earn it while they sit around doing
their makeup, but it's true.
So it is an absolute paradigm shift.
But the reason we have Hustles University is because traditional education teaches you
nothing because it's outdated.
The world is speeding up.
Everything is happening faster than ever before, including the decline, by the way, because
these things are exponential.
But the world is speeding up.
I did an emergency meeting the other day talking about all the crazy events that have happened
so far this year.
And we are now, all of our dopamine receptors are so fried.
We're so uninterested.
Think about it.
There was Miami aliens.
There was Jews in tunnels.
There was a Russian terror attack.
Think of all the crazy stuff that's happened.
And within two days, you're like, yeah, whatever.
Boring.
Next.
What was your opinion about the Miami alien thing at the shopping arcade?
That's what I mean.
I don't even know.
I didn't get to the answer of it.
Nobody ever told me.
Was it aliens?
Was it kids who were having a fight?
But all our dopamine receptors are so fried now.
The news is happening quicker.
The world is happening quicker.
Our attention spans are shorter.
We all have TikTok brain.
We're overstimulated.
So how can you have an educational system where you expect someone to sit down there
and spend four years learning information from 1992 and then walk out of there with
any kind of value?
The reason we created Hustles University is because we can add a new campus in an hour.
We update it three times a day, every day.
If you're reading a page or if you're watching a video three times a day, every single day,
that video or that page will change.
It's up-to-date, constant cutting-edge technology.
And we have AI.
We have crypto.
If something else disruptive launches, if they launch some brand new thing I've never
even thought of, we will launch a campus on it and teach you how to do it because
that's what we'll do instantly.
And it's the instantaneousness of it that makes it so valuable.
There's no other educational platform like that on the planet.
And you need to be cutting-edge in all things.
And you need to be first in all things.
If you're first, it's often very hard to lose.
If you were the first person to the gold mine, even if you were lazy and you had a shovel
and you didn't like the sun very much because you got sunburned, you'd still find some gold.
But if you're the last guy, you've now got to dig harder.
You got to work harder.
You got to do longer hours.
All the low-hanging fruit is gone.
Most people at home don't understand if they were to just join Hustles University and pay
attention and go through the lessons, you could make a fortune off the low-hanging fruit.
You could make a fortune off all the apples that are easy to pick.
You don't need to go to the top of the tree.
That's for the person who came last and all the bottom apples are gone.
So I don't want to be elitist, but often I do find myself when I see people who say,
oh, I really tried and I know they haven't really tried.
Do you resent them?
Do you resent people like that?
I don't think I resent them as long as they're not too close to me.
I don't want them in my circle.
I can't have anyone who's in my house.
They gain your energy, right?
Yeah, because they steal your energy.
Anyone who's near me who said, I tried and I messed it up has to go.
Cause I don't like that negative energy around me cause it's sticky.
But if I, if I'm out there in life and I'm meeting someone who I barely know and they're
telling me how they tried and they failed partially, like I said, I don't want to be elitist, but
part of me makes me feel happy about that.
It's I'll be very, there's no winners without losers.
I have no problem seeing losers lose.
I'm not a philanthropist.
I'm here to help the people who want to help themselves.
Yep.
If you want to stay a loser, I have absolutely no problems with you staying a loser, staying
depressed, working in Starbucks, that's fine with me for eternity.
I have no problem.
I'll drive past the Starbucks in my Lamborghini and I'll look in and I'll see you standing
there with your little Obama barista with your name tag.
You can stay there and be a f***er.
It doesn't bother me.
In fact, I very much enjoy it.
Like I doubt I'd be invited, but if my were high school, we're to have a reunion, for
example, I would absolutely love to travel with my Bugatti and my arms and hearts.
Oh, what did you do?
What do you, oh, you do that.
Very interesting.
Bro, we've actually done that, right?
We've all done that.
Of course, but this is what the masculine essence is.
This is why I say they try and train out you.
They say you're insecure to act that way or, oh, why does he have a fast car?
He has a small d*** and all this garbage.
No, but it's all a psyop.
There's nothing insecure about wanting to be the king, proving you're the king, not being
deluded, but proving it with real world achievements and walking through life saying, yeah, I'm
the man.
I'm top G.
That's who I am.
I earn it.
Every single piece of it, head to toe, whether it's the physicality or the finances, none of
it was given to me.
I did it all myself.
I'm top G now.
Here are all my wives.
They all adore me.
Ha, ha, ha.
You can't do it.
Ha, ha, ha.
That's what life's about.
Waking up and saying, ha, ha, ha.
My life is one big ha, ha, ha.
And the greatest thing about it is, even if I go to jail, even if something bad happens
to me, because I have the ability to communicate, because I have the ability to tell the story,
because I'll be non-emotional about it and not affected, because I'll remember it, it
will just be another ha, ha, ha in the end.
You could put me in Mongolian jail for a year, and I'll come out, and all my haters will be
like, ha, ha, ha.
You went to jail?
I'll be like, no.
Ha, ha, ha.
For you.
Because I'm about to tell the story in a Netflix deal, sir.
Right.
So I still win.
I always win.
I'll reframe it anyway.
So that's what life as a man should be.
You should be able to wake up every day and say, ha, ha, ha, to all the people who don't
like you.
Dude, we're going to make a documentary on Andrew now.
Bro, that'd be a Netflix.
Netflix would be mad, but they need the views now, so they probably will, because I think
somebody else pointed this out.
I can't remember where I saw, but it's very interesting about Netflix's business model,
going back to money quickly, talking about how much money they spend producing content
and how quick.
And then I watched that saying, it was a very short, it was a YouTube short about how much
money Netflix spends producing content.
And then that day I was working all day and my girlfriend was on the couch and she was
watching Netflix all day.
And by the time I'd finished an eight hour work, I said to her, what have you watched
today?
She goes, oh, I watched this series and I watched this series and I watched this show.
And I Googled up the cost of these series and the show.
I was like, you've torn through like $130 million worth of programming in a day.
Yep.
Whereas if you watch YouTube all day, you're tearing through a couple thousand dollars worth
of programming.
Right.
So Netflix can't produce programming as cost effectively as social media sites can.
And in the longterm, that's why they're going to lose and be destroyed supposedly.
And that kind of makes sense because Netflix, you have to pay X amount for, and they have
to then go spend so much money.
Whereas YouTube people pay X amount for now to avoid the ads and we produce all the content
for them and give it to them for free.
And, and now they're so spoiled, they can delete things that they don't like it, but
that's why a lot of people are now moving just a platform I'm on and I can't recommend
enough to everybody at home.
Please go forward slash tate speech.
You can say anything you want.
I follow you, man.
I've got emails from you guys.
Absolutely.
You get to build your house on stone as opposed to sand with YouTube.
You can build up a big channel and you can upset them.
Me too.
Are you listening?
Listen to this.
That's right.
You build, you build up a very big channel.
You know, it's built on rock.
You know, it's always going to be there and that's your time and energy and money.
You don't want to lose it, right?
YouTube can just delete it at any moment.
So you should always build up.
Well, in fact, you can sync them so that when you upload to YouTube, it automatically uploads
to automatically builds a whole channel for you.
So it can be done instantaneously.
Been fantastic.
X has been fantastic.
The free speech veil is being removed from a lot of these agendas and these, these topics
we weren't allowed to previously talk about.
What's your relationship like with Elon?
I've spoken to him on the phone and whether we spoke privately or not, it's not for me
to say.
That's all right.
It would be unprofessional.
I understand.
However, Elon's in a very, very unique position because he's trying to do the right thing.
And I believe he is doing the right thing.
But when you do the right thing, you, you start to learn how many obstacles there are.
People say, why don't you just make a website, make free speech?
Why don't you just make free speech?
And that's the people who say that have no experience in the world because everything
is complicated.
Everything is difficult because now you have legal challenges from all around the world.
You have different laws in every single jurisdiction.
You have then power structures within your country, like the, the Senate or, uh, the government
who are going to try and stop you.
Then you have the unofficial power structures, like the money and the big banks are going to
try and stop you.
And the media machine is going to try and attack you.
And they're going to look through your personal life and try and fight attack vectors.
Correct.
Everything is complicated.
Everything is extremely difficult.
In fact, the only time this has been proven, I've been proven incorrect on this point to
segue quickly is El Salvador, because I used to say to my brother, why don't they just lock
everybody up?
These gangs are out of control.
Society is out of control.
There's no way you're going to be able to lock up all of these people without locking up
some innocent people.
But the percentage of innocent people you lock up will be lower than the percentage of innocent
people who are dying on the street or constantly afflicted by gangs.
Or at the mercy of criminals.
So it's still better overall for the innocents.
I understand there's going to be an individual innocent who ends up in jail, who doesn't
belong there.
But in the generalized for society, you have to fix it.
In the grand scheme of things, it's better to be in there.
Yeah.
You have to do something to fix this.
Now, as I said, there's going to be one particular innocent person who goes to jail
who shouldn't have been in jail.
And that's going to be bad for him.
He's going to have a bad life story.
But for the good of the country, sometimes innocents have to die to sacrifice the good
of the country.
Why don't they just lock everybody up and actually fix this?
And my brother and I said, well, we've never run a country, so it must be impossible because
of Amnesty International.
You'll get sanctions against your bank.
The Western countries and the Western nations won't allow you to do it because that's going
to go against their legal systems and show how ineffective they are.
And the media machine is going to attack you.
And you're not going to be able to finance anything.
Correct.
And then the president of El Salvador just turned up and did exactly that and fixed it.
And I was like, wow, because I thought I thought there'd be something to stop him.
I thought something would just stop him.
I was like, it can't just be that simple.
Turns out it is actually that simple.
And he also adopted Bitcoin, which is another big FU to the international banking cartel.
And because there's international banking cartel that would have wrecked him for this initially.
They would have taken all his money and sanctioned his country and prevented them from
transferring dollars.
Because BlackRock has bought Bitcoin like crazy, man.
Of course.
Yeah.
So crypto is the future anyway, which was a fantastic move for him.
But the fact that he just made it simple is an amazing thing.
I think it's one of the only times I've overestimated the complexity of a task and believing it
was impossible.
Perhaps I'm not giving him enough credit because I'm a massive fan of him.
I think he's done a fantastic job.
Perhaps it was more complicated than I understand.
But he managed to pull it off.
And Elon's currently in the mess now of free speech is a lot more complicated.
Correct.
And he's trying to pull it off.
But I think he's doing the right thing.
But he has your back.
Well, he's pushing in the right direction.
Yeah.
And nobody's perfect.
But at least if you're pushing in the right direction, you're trying to do the right
thing.
But Andrew, you know so much that's happening.
A lot of people talk a lot of shit about Neuralink and all that stuff.
And of course, you've spoken to Elon.
I mean, that's not a conversation that I'm going to pry on.
Yeah.
But what do you think of Neuralink?
I'm scared of Neuralink, bro.
It's scary.
I look at all these things that are scary.
I mean, if you're paralyzed, obviously, it's life changing.
Yeah.
It's amazing.
And this is the technology that we're going to end up having, whether Elon develops it
or somebody else develops it.
That's the way the direction of the world is going.
It's just scary to me.
It's scary, the idea of having a chip in my brain.
That is very scary because who controls that chip?
Who can access that chip?
What does a hacker do?
What does a government do?
Is that chip plugged into what?
These are all brand new questions.
We're entering a brand new world.
You know, the whole concept of, you know, the...
Yeah, well, exactly.
We're entering a brand new world.
It's all very scary.
But I'm sure that technological advancements have always been very scary to people and they
can't be stopped.
It's just the way the direction of the world is heading.
What can I do besides try and raise my sons to be as perspicacious and strong and honorable
and brave as possible?
That's all you can do.
And allow them, they're going to have to work it out.
I mean, they'll have part of my mind.
They'll be Tate's.
So, perhaps they'll know things I won't know.
Perhaps they'll be smarter than I am and they'll work it out.
That's the best you can do.
But all that kind of stuff is scary to me.
We'll install Neuralink.
Yeah.
We'll get the Tate program.
Yeah, well, there you go.
See, if I can get my AI...
That's right.
We can get Hustlers University beamed to your brain.
Yeah, let's do it, dude.
We can get my AI online so you can live your whole life with a Tate in your brain.
Imagine how crazy you'd go.
We've got to make it hack-proof, though.
Imagine how crazy you'd go when you try and skip a gym day and stay in bed and your Neuralink
Tate starts calling you a...
Haram!
Calling you a brokie.
Yeah, it might happen.
I really do believe I've had the perfect life.
You were having a chat with your girlfriend and you also have a lot of wives.
So, do they not actually get insecure one night?
People think I quit drinking because I reverted to Islam.
That's not why.
What is the matrix for the common consensus?
The matrix didn't betray the older generation as much as it betrayed our generation.
Bro, how do you still manage to stay so relevant?
You know, I don't want to be arrogant, but I'm going to.
Bro, I want to pick your brains on Jeffrey Epstein and Black Jeffrey Epstein.
Well, we'll see how that works out.
Yeah.
And we're all just going to sit around gambling on meme coins.
Society's broken.
People say to me, why don't you enter politics?
Because if I enter politics, guys, I can't tell you the truth anymore.
I can't sit here and do this anymore about enter politics because then I'm definitely
going to jail or I'm definitely getting killed.
Russia's killing kids.
Which is all lies, by the way.
How do I become relevant?
Well, because my...
I'm not scared of the bad press.
I'm not scared of the BBC.
When my face appears, they have to write bad things.
But how does one, how does one feed their mind?
If they're watching this podcast, it's a good thing.
It's a good start, right?
How did I know they were all going to arrest me?
How did I know how the world works?
You have to have difficulty happening to you all the time.
But certain things should be kept secret because I do have enemies.
An important question you mentioned earlier.
So you mentioned that, you know, you were having a chat with your girlfriend and you also
have a lot of wives.
So do they not actually get insecure of one another?
I say wives.
I say girlfriends.
This is deliberate deflection.
This is flack.
You know, actually, this is one of the questions I get asked most often by women and men.
They come up to me and say, you say on these podcasts, you have all these wives and you
say on these podcasts, you have all these girlfriends.
How many wives is it?
And where do they all live?
And do they live together?
Somebody told me 11.
I was like, what?
Yeah.
How's it possible?
Everybody's confused by it.
But you have a professional life and you have a personal life.
And I share a lot of my personal life in my professional life, especially the study,
especially the struggles.
But certain things should be kept secret because I do have enemies.
There's enemies in the world.
And nobody knows how many women I have or whether it's one or whether it's 10 and whether I'm
married to them or not and where they live and what their nationalities are.
And there's a lot of people online who guess.
I've seen some haters try and guess.
And I actually am very glad that they guessed and they put so much negative and incorrect
information out there.
So, yeah, I do OK.
I'm never lonely.
Let's leave it at that.
I'm never lonely.
I'm never like, oh, I'm by myself.
I got to work at Starbucks tomorrow.
Got no chick here.
That doesn't often happen.
In fact, it's quite the opposite problem.
You had a very, very hard lifestyle, man.
I mean, you actually went and bought fish.
I remember.
Yeah.
Like 7 a.m. in the morning and 5 p.m.
Yeah.
When I was 15, my first job was carrying boxes of fish from 7 a.m. till 5 p.m.
And I would run to work.
So I'd leave the house at 6 p.m.
I'd run an hour.
I'd get there at 7 p.m.
I'd finish work at 5 p.m.
And then I'd run from there to the fight gym.
Get to the fight gym.
I'd get there early before training started.
I'd eat food next to the gym.
And then I'd train.
And then I would get a ride home from my girlfriend at the time.
So my entire life was 17 hours a day of just running and working and carrying boxes
and fighting.
And I can't be more thankful.
You know, I don't want to be arrogant, but I'm going to.
I really do believe I've had the perfect life.
Now, I don't know if that's actually because I have the perfect life or if I framed it that
way, but I am so thankful for everything.
I am so glad I got to grow up poor because I wouldn't appreciate money if I didn't.
And I'm so glad I got to spend my 20s, that decade where you're as powerful as possible
fighting.
And I'm so glad I've had difficult jobs and no money.
And I'm so glad I couldn't pay my bills so that I appreciate now all the money I have.
And I'm so glad I had the parents I had.
And I'm so glad all these bad things happened to me.
But enough good things happened.
And I just really feel like it's been the perfect path.
And I think back on that job, I think back on how my life was back then.
And I realized that I wouldn't appreciate any of the things I have now without them.
There's absolutely no light without dark.
The best thing about being rich is talking about how you used to be poor.
Otherwise, it's no point being rich at all.
You're not going to enjoy any of it.
You're going to end up addicted to drugs and doing crazy stuff, right?
The reason I'm so happy, I don't drink, I don't do drugs.
I'm happy every day.
I'm pretty emotionally balanced is because I wake up in a big ass house and I realized
that I don't have to worry about rent the next day and everything's fine.
So I think being rich is as good as I imagined it to be when I was poor.
And I truly enjoy it.
But I would have never appreciated the money if I didn't have the poor side.
And I really think in many ways, I've almost had the perfect life.
I'm so glad.
Even going to jail was fantastic.
I'm so glad that these things happened to me.
Now, I don't know, as a professional, when I analyze these things, I often sit and think,
is that objectively true?
Have I had the best life with all different sides of the spectrum, all the barriers of
the parameter?
Because there is no light without dark.
To have, grow up around stabbings and to be stabbed myself and to have, grow up around
drug dealers and to grow up in a terrible area and then to be rich and fly my Bugatti
on A380s to different countries so I can flex.
Like, is my life really the best life possible?
Or have I just framed it that way?
I don't know.
I'm sure there's people out there perhaps had a better life than me.
You've reprogrammed your subconscious mind.
Well, maybe there's people who've had a better life than me, right?
There's people who've had deeper darks and lighter lights.
And they've had a wider spectrum of experiences and perhaps they've had a better life.
But they may not think that because maybe their mind is not programmed to see it that
way.
Perhaps what you should do as a man is to view your life the same way.
Irregardless, you should sit and wake up and say, God has given me the best possible
journey on this planet.
Of the 8 billion people, mine is the best.
I got to see this.
This bad thing happened to me.
That was fantastic.
This terrible thing happened.
That was an interesting time.
This good thing happened.
This girl loves me for some reason.
My life's amazing.
Perhaps you should view your life as the best possible life.
Perhaps that's the best way to be competitive.
I don't know if it needs to even be objectively true for it to be effective.
It's your story.
It's your reality, right?
So it doesn't even have to be objectively true for it to be effective.
However, in my scenario, I truly believe that I have lived the best life.
And I truly believe the best years of my life have not happened yet.
And they're going to come.
And I truly believe that my story is going to be one of the best stories ever.
But bro, you've reprogrammed your mind.
It couldn't have always been like that.
No, when you're younger, you lack experience.
So you're not as...
You may have battled anxiety and all of that stuff growing up too.
Because I know what it feels like not to have any money.
Yeah.
Oh, completely.
It's very, very...
You feel that you're going to die the very next moment.
Absolutely.
I've been poor.
But I don't think I ever...
I always knew the answer to everything is raw action.
The answer to everything has always been raw action.
My dad had a tweet about this.
He said that raw action solves all.
And he used to say this.
I'll give you an example.
If you're a farmer and you need rain for your crop and there's no rain, you can sit there and say,
there's no rain.
We're all going to starve.
Or you can stand up and do a rain dance.
Now, will your rain dance work?
Perhaps not.
Perhaps the rain won't come.
But I would argue that you're better off standing up doing that rain dance than just sitting there waiting to die.
You have to do something.
Raw action solves.
So when I was broke, I was never like, ah, I'm poor.
I'm poor.
What do I do?
It was, I'm poor.
What must...
I have to do something.
I'll just...
If I was broke, I'd go for a run.
That's why I was such a great fighter.
If I was broke, I'd sit there and go, I'm actually poor.
How do I make money?
Dunno.
How can I make...
Where can I get some cash?
Dunno.
What work can I do?
Dunno.
I'll just go for a run then.
And I'll just go for a three-mile run or go hit the punch bag and get better.
This resonates so deeply, man.
This is exactly what I did.
Exactly.
You just have to say, well, I have to do something.
I can't just sit still and die.
A lot of people are happy to just sit still and die or jerk off and go to sleep and take a nap.
Well, if that's what you want to do, then you can stay a loser.
That's fine.
I'm glad there are losers because if everyone had Lamborghinis, my Lamborghini wouldn't be fun to show off.
I need you to look at it and feel the deep pain in your heart of regret and failure.
That's the whole point of it.
I need to drive my Bugatti and everyone would be looking at it going, I'll never have one of those.
But I can get all their energy and feel it all and it makes me happy.
Fantastic.
So you can sit at home and do nothing.
But when I was poor, I had to go for a run.
I couldn't sit still or lift weights or do something.
I couldn't even sleep.
So raw action solves everything.
I understood that at a young age.
But as you get older, you get to look back and you get to put your whole story together, the whole tapestry together.
I knew I wouldn't stay poor.
Did I ever think I'd get this rich?
Well, I never said I wouldn't, but I'd ever think it would probably happen at this level.
No, but it's amazing how the compounding interest of just endless raw action adds up.
I've never had a lazy day.
I've never skipped work.
Never missed an email.
Never had a day off.
Ever.
Ever.
You name the life.
If you were to go through the last three years of my life, you will see that there's never been a day where I wasn't doing what I was supposed to do.
And it all just adds up and then monumental success comes and you get to laugh at everybody else.
Ha ha ha.
And life's great.
But I really believe God's given me one of the best lives and I can't complain about anything bad that's happened.
It's all been fantastic.
I'm truly thankful for all of it.
Do you practice gratitude every day?
But I don't have to practice it because I'm actually truly thankful for all the bad things that have happened.
That's beautiful.
I truly am like, thank you God for that difficult time.
You created that belief before you had all of this stuff or after you began to receive all of this stuff?
I think if a couple bad things happen to you, you should be intelligent enough to realize that eventually you're going to get over it and you're going to learn an important lesson.
It's going to change you in the correct direction and Allah is the best of planners and he knows what you need to learn.
I think that as humans, especially as men, we only learn the hard way anyway.
There's two ways to learn a lesson, the hard way and the hardest way.
There's no easy way to learn a lesson.
You have to learn the hard way.
So God gives us lessons via difficulty.
He thinks you need to learn this about yourself or this about other people.
So I'm going to give you a difficult time so you can learn your lesson.
Because if I told you, if I just said, hey, Andrew, this is how the world works.
You go, yeah, yeah.
But when I show you, when you feel it, my fight coach used to say, you have to feel it to believe it.
That's why he was teaching low kicks.
He'd kick your leg off.
Because you don't believe in the power of a low kick.
You don't believe a low kick can be so devastating unless you've felt it.
You have to feel it to believe it.
So God will give you a difficult time so you learn your lessons.
And the lessons are very important for you to be the person who you need to be in this life.
He's the best of planners.
And I'm thankful for all the lessons he's given me.
He's bestowed knowledge upon me.
I would be, how could I not be grateful to God for making me so intelligent and wise and the ability to look into things so deeply and come up to the right decision and basically predict the future perfectly?
How did I know they were all going to arrest me?
How did I know how the world works?
You have to have difficulty happening to you all the time.
So when you sit and say, I want an easy life, what you're saying is you're a dummy and you want to be a dummy.
You want to stay a dummy.
I want an easy life and I don't want anything bad to happen to me because even though it will teach me lessons, I'm too big of a, I can't handle the emotional pain.
I can't handle the stress.
So you want to stay a dumbass.
I don't want to be a dummy.
I want to be smart.
If I want to be smart, it doesn't hurt me.
See, I've seen a lot of people that are really successful, but this esoteric wisdom that you have is something that a lot of people don't have.
It's as though you had some sort of an awakening.
I'm sure it just doesn't happen naturally, bro.
I can't tell you exactly where it's come from.
I just know that I become a more formidable, more competitive version of myself after every single bad thing that's ever happened to me.
It's one less thing to fear.
It's one less thing to be worried about.
I've done it before.
The idea of being thrown in a Romanian dungeon for three months, locked in a room the size of a bathroom, before I went in there, would have been scary.
And now, even though I know how bad it is, it's worse than I even expected.
I should be more scared.
But instead, I'm sitting thinking, well, I did it once.
You've experienced it right now.
I've done it.
Yeah.
I've done it once.
Right.
So I can do it again.
You can do it better.
I can do it better.
That's right.
I'll enjoy it more.
I'll enjoy the sleep.
I'm busy now.
You know, I had to get up.
I have things to do.
I got washed.
I got to make sure that my empire is maintained.
I could have taken a nap.
So I feel like I feel because it's also very interesting because you talk about wisdom.
You use the word wisdom.
And I appreciate the compliment.
I don't read books.
I never read a book except for in jail because I don't have time.
All of the wisdom I have, all of this knowledge I speak, all of these things I say have been
learned through basically difficulty of life, through professional fighting and being poor
and all bad things happening to me and struggle, all of my lessons have been bad things, bad things,
bad events, bad scenarios, bad situations, pain, suffering, anger, resentment.
All of these horrible emotions are how I've learned everything.
So I thank God for giving them to me.
And anyone who wants an easy life wants to stay a dummy.
What do you learn if you just get money, you buy a crypto coin, it blows up, you get some money,
you sleep with some girls, you go to some restaurants.
What do you learn about anything?
You don't.
There's no purpose because I reached the other end of the spectrum.
I realized that now I have this, but there's no meaning to my life anymore.
Absolutely.
And this is the reason why I'm doing this because I want to add more meaning to my life.
Completely.
And then when you're searching for meaning, when you're living in that type of life and
you end up searching for meaning, you end up down the path of hedonism because the meaning is
I want to have as much fun as possible, but fun in and of itself, I was talking to another girl
and I was saying to her that fun, she was saying to me, you know what, Andrew, all you do is work.
You never really have fun.
And I said, fun is haram.
And she said, she's a Christian girl.
She goes, is fun really haram?
I'm like, no, it's not.
But please understand what I'm trying to say here.
What I'm trying to say is when you look at what most people do for fun, it's haram.
Look, what fun is clubs, drinking, running around, laughing like a kid, all this.
You, all the bad things in life, the negative haramities can be attained through this obsession
with fun.
If you find a man who's obsessed with work, he's not going to do many bad things.
I do not resonate with fun myself.
I was speaking to Charith, my school friend here, and he told me that, Ansh, you don't
have any fun.
What do you do for fun?
I said, bro, I just don't know what the concept of fun means to me anymore.
That's right.
He said, I'm going to take you scuba diving.
Yeah.
So he's saying, I'm going to, I'm going to make that work for you.
I'm like, all right, fine.
We'll see.
But I'm not really excited about it.
Sorry, bro.
No, no, the concept, and that's what's so interesting.
I agree with you.
The concept of fun.
I have things I need to do, and I feel satisfied inside when I do them.
I have duty, and I have work, and I have obligations to fill, and objectives to meet.
I feel happy when they are done.
That is my fun.
My fun is clearing my emails, making $2 million in the day, buying another investment property
I don't need, going to bed, training hard, eating right.
That's my fun.
Call me boring.
That's my fun.
That's not boring.
But that's what I enjoy.
When you were talking about that lifestyle and what you end up searching for in that
hedonism, you just end up searching for excesses, right?
To have more fun, you want to get more drunk or do more drugs or sleep with more girls or
go to more clubs, and it's just a black hole.
It never ends, and you end up destroying yourself.
We need discipline.
We need purpose.
We need to have parameters set for us.
And truthfully, as a person, you're happier that way.
That's why I quit drinking.
People think I quit drinking because I reverted to Islam.
That's not why.
I actually quit drinking two months before that.
And I was extremely effective on alcohol.
I would drink four or five times a week because I'm extremely rich, and I have a very good life,
and I'm in my mansion, and I'm drinking, and I've got all these hot girls.
I was still world famous.
I was still making millions of dollars.
I was still in fantastic physical condition.
All the videos you watched me from a year and a half ago, I still look like a bodybuilder.
I still outperformed everybody.
You loser in Starbucks.
Me, drinking, even though I had no...
No, I didn't have a drink problem.
I could easily quit.
In fact, I didn't even want to drink most of the time.
It's just a party going on.
I was still monumentally successful on alcohol, and I could continue to drink alcohol for the
rest of my life and still be top G forever.
Watch if you did.
But I stopped because I thought, will I enjoy...
This might be an oxymoron.
This may not make sense.
It may be counterintuitive.
But let me say it.
Will I enjoy having less fun?
Will it be fun to have less fun?
And I was sitting there to Tristan and saying, maybe...
He said, me and Tristan, we'd...
It was actually...
It's on a Tate Confidential.
You can find the Tate Confidential.
We got on a private jet.
I think we were in Prague.
I don't even know where I was.
Yeah.
We were drinking gin and tonics the whole time.
It was $250 per megabyte of Wi-Fi.
So we put the Wi-Fi on and was playing music to run up this $30,000 Wi-Fi bill on the $50,000
jet, drinking alcohol.
We flew into Cannes in France, and we landed, and we stayed in this massive mansion with
all these beautiful women, and we're drinking and partying, whatever, whatever.
And when that ended, I said to Tristan, okay, that's all fun.
But would it be fun to have less fun?
My brother's sitting there with a whiskey and a cigar.
That's so funny, bro.
He goes, what are you talking about?
And I said, maybe instead of spending all of our money doing this stuff, we should spend
all of our money getting very regimented.
We should have loads of members of staff, and we should be up at exactly 746, and we should
have a coffee ready and hot at 747, and at 801, we should go into the gym, and we should
finish at 827, and we should have all of it.
We should have everything regimented, and we should produce more content than ever before,
and become richer than ever before, and build a massive empire.
Skynet Andrew.
Yeah, and just become extremely, not boring, but just remove the fun, and have fun in
not having fun, and just being monumentally competent and effective.
And Tristan said, that doesn't sound very fun.
Yeah.
To continue to sip his whiskey.
And I said, well, yeah, okay.
Well, I'll try it.
You can continue to have fun.
I'll be the boring one.
Let me try for six months to give up all fun, and just be boring.
And then I learned some very interesting things during that time.
Firstly, I learned that the whole idea of drinking for being social is now gone.
I think we're at the age where if you were 21, and you didn't drink, you didn't have a
life.
You'd go to the club, you were drunk.
Bro, I never drank.
I don't drink, I don't smoke, nothing.
Fantastic.
Okay, well then, sorry for calling you boring with no life, sir.
But in England, 10, 15 years ago, you just went out.
There's clubs, there's girls, you're drunk.
It's like a social thing.
And if you didn't drink, people were like, why?
You were socially weird.
That happened to me all the time.
So I just stand with a glass, just pretending that it was vodka.
Yeah, there you go.
But now you don't need that for socializing at all.
There's no reason to drink for socializing, because everything's online anyway.
You meet everybody on apps.
Nobody cares about drinking anymore.
That's the first thing I learned.
The second thing I learned is that being exceptionally regimented is fun.
I truly enjoy it.
I enjoy it just as much as I enjoyed being, I mean, because what would happen before is
I'd do all my work and I'd train hard and I was always an effective person.
I was still a thousand times more effective than the average man.
That's why I was top G.
And then I would take six or seven hours and drink and smoke and have fun and enjoy all
my, the fruits of my labor.
I became extremely rich.
Why not get on a private jet with 20 girls and why not go do a yacht in Croatia with 30 girls
and have fun?
But now instead of spending those six hours having fun, I spend those six hours continuing
to work and I enjoy it just as much.
So now I'm sitting there going, well, I enjoy it just as much and I'm not damaging my health
in any way.
I enjoy it just as much and I'm making more money.
I enjoy it just as much.
I don't have all these stupid girls messaging my phone, annoying me.
So isn't it just to jump off that chain for a second.
It's kind of amazing.
I just said stupid girls messaging my phone, annoying me.
It's every man's dream to have 50 beautiful women begging him on his phone.
I can't explain how much it pisses me off.
Yeah.
It's like, I need a whole new number.
It's very annoying.
They don't get the point.
Yeah, that's right.
So it really, truly ruins my day when a beautiful girl's like, can I see you?
It's like, oh, I've got things.
I've got work to do.
I'm regimented.
I have to sit here and type.
I don't want to talk to you.
And then they call you misogynist.
Yeah, that's right.
I don't want to have fun and party.
I don't want to do any of that.
I want to do emails.
You don't get it, woman.
I know to you it makes no sense.
But you already have all this money, Andrew.
Why do you want to do emails?
Because that's my fun now, regiment.
So I decided to dedicate six months to being boring.
And by the end of the six months, I was having so much fun being boring that now I will probably
never drink again.
I am 0% tempted to drink ever again.
I am 0% tempted by fun, which is what you said.
And I completely get it.
When someone goes, hey, Andrew, I'm like, what?
We're going to go here and it's going to be fun.
I'm like, nah, you have fun.
I'll do my emails.
You enjoy.
I don't want to go to clubs.
I don't want to go to some party.
Maybe it's also being locked up.
I like to self-analyze.
But because I've been stuck in Romania for going on two years now, I'm not even.
People say, when you're free, where are you going to go?
I'm like, truthfully, nowhere.
Yeah, like I'll stay in my house.
I'm not interested in traveling.
I'm not interested in seeing anything.
I've seen it all anyway.
I've been everywhere.
Like I can get, I can go to a restaurant in Bucharest or I can get on a plane and I can
fly to France and go to a restaurant in France.
Who cares?
I'm above it all.
I'm over it all.
I want to run my empire and I want to have as many children as possible.
And I want to spend time with people I love and I want to beat my brother Uno and that's
it.
I don't want to do anything.
Maybe I've gotten boring.
Maybe I've leaned too much into the boring character, but I truly enjoy just being boring
and regimented.
No, you're committed to your purpose.
I'm committed.
Yeah.
And I like getting as much work done as possible.
And that's why I'll never, ever drink again.
So the whole concept of fun is alien to me.
I totally get it now.
When you said that, you're totally right.
Fun isn't fun.
Fun is not fun.
Bro, this is fun.
Yeah, that's right.
Because it's unknown, man.
I don't know what's going to happen there.
That's right.
This is fun.
And then achieving things in work is fun.
The only thing I guess I can say I do for fun is driving fast cars.
But then I need to make $800,000 to buy a Ferrari.
So it's still work involved.
You know, there's still work involved.
I need to invest in the infrastructure of my country in order to do that.
Yeah, there you go.
You'll pull it off.
You'll be new president.
Bro, I don't want to go there, man.
I don't want to go there.
I'm going to be that **** then.
Yeah.
That's something I don't want to do.
In fact, I'd much rather be a part of your regimen, enter the war room, help you build
something as well.
Yeah.
Maybe my services can be a little useful.
Oh, bro, we have a few guys in Mumbai, but we do need some more guys in Mumbai to run a HQ.
So that would be amazing.
Right here, man.
Thank you, bro.
Let's do this.
Thank you, sir.
And it's interesting you said that.
It's very interesting what you said about being a ****.
You're correct.
People say to me, why don't you enter politics?
Because if I enter politics, guys, I can't tell you the truth anymore.
I can't sit here and do this anymore if I enter politics because then I'm definitely
going to jail or I'm definitely getting killed.
Yep.
So once you enter politics, you totally sell your soul.
So if you want me to sit here and continue to tell the truth, which is what I'm trying
to do, I can't enter politics to do it.
I have to do it here and try and inspire enough millions of people that you stop buying their
****.
That's the best I can do.
How can I be helpful to Hustlers University?
How can I add more value?
Yeah.
So we have two things.
We have Hustlers University, which teaches people how to make money.
Yeah.
This already has 18 professors.
We teach 18 different modern wealth creation methods or updated every single day, three
times a day for the most up-to-date, cutting edge information on how to make money.
It's only $49 a month.
Anybody can join from anywhere in the world and you can make money.
Then we have the war room, which is a brotherhood.
It's separate.
So the real world or Hustlers University is for making money.
The war room is for networking.
Because once you have money, you start to realize that it's not having money that you
wanted.
It was power you wanted.
You wanted power.
You didn't want money.
You wanted power.
And power is who you know.
So power comes from having other men in other countries, other masculine men who have a
network or have friends or have money who are successful.
That's what power is.
The war room is great because I can fly to Mumbai.
Yep.
Somebody will be there at the airport or a car will be for me at the airport.
Yeah, I'll be looked after.
Everything will be taken care of.
That's right.
Same in Cape Town, same in New York.
Where's Andrew going to be staying?
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Okay, there we go.
So that's what real power is.
And then also when you have a strong network, you then inversely make more money because you
make money, you get a strong network, the network helps you make money.
It's a circle.
How did this happen?
This happened because of that.
It happened because of the network.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
So that's the exact point.
So the war room is the networking.
Hustles University is the money, but they often tie together.
But for the war room, we have some guys in India and we have, I think our biggest base
is now, we have a lot of guys in New York.
We have a lot of guys in Miami.
We have a lot of guys in Dubai.
We have a lot of guys in Prague.
We have a lot of guys in London.
Yeah.
We're global.
We're everywhere.
We have a lot of guys in Australia.
We have a lot of guys in Bangkok.
It's amazing because we have some of these regional centers where there's hundreds of
guys who meet like twice a month.
Hundreds of guys with hundreds of millions of dollars.
Do you yourself individually operate in the war room?
I'm a member like everyone else.
I'm a member.
I'm not the leader.
I'm not special.
I'm not different.
I'm a member like everybody else.
And we talk about all different types of things in the side of the war room.
And when I'm free, we travel.
I travel and I go to the events.
There's events that happen in Romania.
So anyone can fly into my event that I run here.
Bro, that's amazing, man.
Have fun.
Are you having one in the next two days?
Well, not in the next two days.
The last big one we did in Romania was the test.
Oh, right.
I don't know if you've seen that.
The test was, there's a video about it.
I'll have to send you the video so you can watch it.
So I told everybody to prepare themselves mentally for a test.
And they said, well, how do you prepare mentally for a test if you don't know what the subject is?
And I said, well, raw action solves everything.
And the goal was for them to understand that they don't know what to prepare themselves for mentally.
They should at least just go and test themselves physically and prepare.
Some of them got it.
Some of them didn't.
Anyway, this 50 or 60 men flew in for this test.
And when they sat down, they found out they were having a cage fight the next day against a cage fire.
And they can either say yes or no.
The ones who said no, they learned a lot about themselves, about the reality of violence.
They learned a lot about themselves when it comes to their ego and who they think themselves are as a man.
But when there's a chance of fighting, when they know they're going to lose.
Because it's easy to be brave when you're hopeful.
Hope gives you bravery.
But when you know it's a 100% chance of getting beaten up.
Yeah.
That is a different type of brace.
Bro, that's fun.
Yeah.
Well, there you go.
Some guys didn't do it.
They learned about themselves.
Some guys did do it, tested themselves, and learned about themselves.
And we have the video showing the guys who got in there.
Nobody won.
Everybody lost.
They were fighting some of the best fighters in the world.
Russian cage fighters.
Oh, dude.
Yeah.
We're going to get slammed.
Yeah.
Everybody, everybody, the guys who got in there, everyone lost.
But they got in there, which taught them about themselves.
Of course.
And the guys who didn't get in there learned a lot about themselves also.
So this is what the war room is about.
It's about testing yourself.
It's about networks.
It's about brotherhood.
Imagine the brotherhood you're going to feel with a fellow war room member when you both got in the cage and both got kicked out of you on one day's notice when you didn't expect it to happen after flying to Romania because I put on this event.
This is your own personal fight club.
That's right.
So, and that's just one event.
We have events all the time and I won't tell people what some of the other ones are, but we have amazing things happening all the time because society used to have a rite of passage for manly hood anyway.
To turn from a boy into a man, society would give or do something that you had to go through and struggle and test yourself and pain and all the things we've been talking about so that you could prove you're now a man.
But that's been removed from society.
So the war room's a fantastic place for anybody to join.
This is so important for everybody to do because people aren't doing this.
That's right.
And you can join and you can, now once you join, you have to prove yourself amongst your brothers, which means you have to work harder than ever before and be more successful than ever before and be braver than ever before.
And that's the beautiful thing about it.
It's inevitable, man.
We're all aligning to a cause then.
That's right.
So the war room's a beautiful thing and you can see it all on CobraTape.com and it explains how it all works.
Nice.
So how did this whole ideology just come about, like with Hustlers University, with the war room, all of this stuff?
So Hustlers University was because I knew modern education was an absolute joke.
In fact, I was talking to a beautiful Swedish girl who I met in Dubai who was visiting me here in Romania post our Dubai trip and she was sitting here saying, I don't know what to do.
I finished school.
I want to go to university.
I said, university is a scam.
She said, I know, but I don't know what else to do.
And I said, well, I'll launch my own university.
I just said it off the top of my head.
So I did it.
Raw action solves everything.
That's where Hustlers University came from.
And the war room was basically because my brother and I have done pretty good at conquering the world based on our fraternity.
And we always talked about how great it would be to have more brothers.
So we created the war room to get more brothers.
It's that simple.
We just sat there and said, we need more brothers.
Let's find brothers.
And the war room is ruthless and it's creation.
We're constantly kicking people out who don't perform.
You don't just get to join and be a brother.
No, you have to join and then you have to work.
It's consistency.
That's right.
Because the lowest performing members are kicked out every year or every six months.
So if you join and you don't work, you get kicked out, which means it's constantly creating, constantly becoming more and more high value group.
As thousands of people join in the low hanging, the chaff is cut off and the cream rises to the top.
So it's a fantastic thing.
And we were looking for brothers, looking for brothers.
And then I was looking to give an education because I'm such a nice man as a philanthropist.
You are.
To this beautiful Swedish blonde with blue eyes and big heart.
I was looking to give her an education and I decided to create a university.
So that's where it came from because I know things.
So I decided to teach them.
How do I sign up?
How do we do this?
We'll get it done.
We'll get it done.
We'll get you inside of both.
Bro, the most important thing, what is the matrix?
A lot of people want to ask because there are so many different definitions online as well.
From a spiritual perspective, there's a whole other intrusion of AI, not the AI that we're speaking of, another web of AI.
What is the matrix for the common consensus?
Great point.
There's a spiritual matrix because there's self-limiting beliefs.
And there is believing you don't live the best possible life on earth.
And there's believing that money isn't abundant, as we just talked about earlier.
There's a spiritual matrix, completely correct, that you need to try and escape.
There's also a physical matrix in terms of where you can go, limited by your finance.
There's a whole, there's very different inclinations of the matrix.
But to answer succinctly, the matrix is effectively the system of control which is used for, let me answer that again.
Yeah.
The answer is succinctly, the matrix is the system of control which is used to keep the population subservient.
We've already discussed at length about how these control mechanisms have to be built for the lowest percentile of the populace.
Right.
So, they've put you in scenarios and situations which don't necessarily benefit you, in scenarios and situations which are impossible.
And they're trying to keep you subdued.
And they do this via constant distraction from the media machine and making you believe in a version of reality that does not exist.
Your life that you're living is not making you happy.
Your life that you're living is not fulfilling you.
And your chance of ever escaping that is basically zero.
So, to do, to keep you there, they distract your mind permanently.
And that's what the matrix is.
They keep your mind distracted so they can abuse your body.
And to escape the matrix, you need to first free your mind and understand what's happening to you and understand how all of this works.
So, then you can free your body.
If you truly believe in what the matrix tells you, if you believe having an ego as a man is wrong and being arrogant as a man can be bad and it's toxically masculine and you shouldn't want to show off and you shouldn't want to be better than anyone else, well, then you're going to stay broke and you're going to stay in the matrix, aren't you?
If you believe what they tell you, your chance of getting out is zero.
You need to free your mind first and then you can at least see that you're stuck in a trap.
I'm not saying all of you will get out because some of you are harder working than others.
But unless you know you're in a trap, you're never going to get out.
But how does one free their mind without getting into Hustlers University?
Well, I mean, if they're watching this podcast, it's a good thing.
It's a good start, right?
Hustlers University is the answer for the people whose minds are already freed.
Once your mind is free, once you understand that your chance of making money with the traditional route they've laid out for you is zero, going to school, going to college, going to university, getting in debt, getting a job with school debt, getting a mortgage with mortgage debt, getting a car with car debt, in debt to the banks, working at a job with the pay rise comes very sparsely.
Inflation is out of control. The property, you're never going to pay it off. You're never going to get rich. You're going to stay broke forever.
Once your mind understands that the system and the path they've told you towards riches, which is get a good job, get good grades, get a mortgage, is a lie, then you need an alternative, which is Hustlers University.
We'll teach you how to make money for $49. It costs less than lunch. We'll teach you how to make money and you can escape the matrix.
But first, your mind needs to be free. You need to understand that the path they're giving you leads nowhere. Some people still believe in it.
Bro, they do. Sorry, mom. I'm going to actually say this. She's going to watch the podcast later. But I told her not to take the vaccine. I did tell her that.
She's saying, no, everybody's taking it. My brother in London, he's saying that I can't fly out of the country if I don't take it.
I said, mom, you don't need to take it. Why? You're absolutely healthy. You haven't got the C, man. You haven't. I didn't get it. Nothing's going to happen to anybody. It's just flu.
Yeah. A couple of days later, we see that I think the CDC announced that it's treated like a flu.
Yeah. I was like, what the fuck just happened? And she sent that to me. I said, why are you sending it to me when it was me who actually was telling you not to do it?
And this is the thing. Some people are still stuck inside the matrix, especially the older generation.
I feel like the younger generation have woken up to a lot of the lies.
But another reason why is because, let me have a sip of coffee and I'll answer that.
The matrix didn't betray the older generation as much as it's betrayed our generation.
So the path to wealth we just laid out worked for them.
You could go to school, get good grades, get a good job, get a mortgage, get a house, pay the house off.
Inflation has made the house price go up. You've made a bunch of money.
So the matrix did good by you.
Definitely.
The system wasn't completely corrupted.
What did we talk about earlier about the cyclical nature of systems?
And when the new king comes in, he has good intentions at the beginning.
The changing world order, right? Ray Dal, you explained it.
That's right. The king comes in with good intentions before he ends up lying and lying and lying.
Everyone's intentions start good.
Correct.
So the matrix, when it was all set up in this mortgage system, was probably set up with a very good intention.
And it worked for a lot of people. Now it's all a scam.
But because it worked for your parents, they're like, oh, you should go to school and save up and buy a house.
That's what I did.
Well, you did it because the cost of a house was twice your yearly wage.
And now it's a hundred times my yearly wage. And it's not even the same game we're playing.
That's like saying you should just jump, jump over him because I played checkers, but we're playing chess.
They're different games.
So the older generation still have some belief in the matrix because they haven't been deceived.
They haven't been tricked as badly as the younger generation have.
This is why they believe in it.
But, and that's why your parents will tell you the path to wealth that they followed because it worked, but it doesn't work anymore.
Now we're living in a society where you have basically two choices.
The path to wealth that they've laid out to you is a lie and a scam and it's never going to work.
You're never going to get rich that way. And you know it.
Working hard in some corporate job is never going to make you rich ever.
You could make 150, 200,000 a year.
If you're living in London, you're renting an apartment in a normal car and you're not living a fancy life at all.
You're not.
Not at all.
And you're making crazy money in the top 2% of all paid jobs in the country.
So if you're not born from money, you need to get access to money via your network, which is the war room.
Or you need to learn cutting edge technologies to be in first, like we talked about earlier, low hanging fruit, digging in the gold without working too hard, which is Hustlers University.
Or if you're not going to be smart enough to join Hustlers University and do the correct work, because you're already working, but you're working on the wrong things.
You can do the correct work and make money.
You can make money via your network in the war room.
You can have money from your family.
If you don't have any of those things, well, then what people are doing now is they're just gambling.
That's what meme coins are.
We have a whole generation of youth who are just gambling.
You're that in the lottery, man.
That's it.
That's it.
They're gambling.
We have people who are going to work, working in Starbucks, getting their monthly wage, and just sitting there, choosing a random meme coin, and gambling, because they know their only way out is to gamble their way out.
They're not studying it, man.
And that's the thing that's interesting.
How does this extrapolate out towards society as a whole?
Having a couple people gamble all their money away, no big deal.
When you have a whole generation of youth who understand their only way out is to gamble their way out.
Now, nobody's trying to become an engineer.
No one wants to build bridges.
China's going to do all that for us, because we'll see how that works out.
And those bridges are going to collapse.
Yeah, we'll see how that works out.
Yeah.
And we're all just going to sit around gambling on meme coins.
Society's broken.
So it's kind of amazing how my solution, Hustles University, an online educational platform where people can learn how to make money to restore their faith in hard work, to restore their faith in discipline and diligence, for $49 a month, which is accessible to everyone on Earth.
I should be a hero.
The Matrix, if it didn't hate the world, should love me.
Look what this billionaire has created.
Look how he's helping the youth and all the money they're making.
Look at all the thousands of success stories.
We have thousands of videos.
You can go to CobraTate.com.
Click on Hustles University.
We have thousands of people saying we've saved their lives.
Instead, what do they say?
They attack it and they attack me.
Because the Matrix doesn't want you helped.
The Matrix wants you enslaved.
It wants you to continue to work that job and pay your taxes and stay a slave and stay broke.
It wants you to go and get student debt and then get mortgage debt and sit semi-depressed in your marriage.
That's what it wants from you.
The fact they're not celebrating me is proof in and of itself that their intentions are heinous.
Because I've done nothing but educate children and they still hate me.
I feed kids via Tate Pledge.
I feed children all around the world.
Billions of dollars a year I give to starving children.
They attack me for that.
They attack me for that saying, why does he only feed kids in Muslim nations?
Or why did he feed this kid in this town which is held by rebels?
As if it's the kid's fault.
They attack me for feeding children.
This shows in and of itself how genuinely dark and dangerous the Matrix and the control mechanisms are.
They don't want anybody to succeed.
They don't want anybody to even live a good, happy, fulfilled life anymore.
They want you in perpetual debt slavery and semi-depression.
So you're sitting there in a half comatose.
That's all they want.
Bro, how do you still manage to stay so relevant despite being banned on so many of these platforms?
That's a very good question.
And I think it's because of my haters.
I'm going to argue with it.
I think there's eye-generate discussion.
Yeah.
This is the thing that's so interesting about emotionality.
Because the true weapon against somebody you don't like is apathy.
If there's somebody I don't like, which is impossible for me because my life's fantastic and I, without wanting,
well, I don't want to sound arrogant, but nobody's important enough for me to dislike them.
People come to me and say, hey, you dislike this guy.
I'm like, I don't dislike the guy.
He's an idiot.
But you're not bothered, you know, when you're playing at that level, it doesn't matter.
I don't care.
I dislike him.
I think he's an idiot.
But I don't care.
Yeah, I don't care.
I don't care either way.
I don't care if he gets a new car.
I don't care if he falls off a cliff.
I don't care.
So I'm apathetic towards everybody.
But my haters can't be apathetic towards me.
I control them emotionally because when my face appears, they have to write bad things.
And that is a form of control.
I emotionally manipulate them.
I will sit and say something which I know will upset them on purpose, knowing that they
can't help but emotionally reply, which is all energy fed in my direction.
It is.
Which helps me.
It helps me.
I don't need an Instagram account because if they post me on Instagram, some feminist
will sit there and go, and it's good for the algo and the comments and arguments start
and I conquer it.
How do I become relevant?
Well, because my people who dislike me can't help but fund my career because nobody can
be apathetic towards me because I can emotionally manipulate them and control them.
I'll give you a bunch of examples.
I said it earlier in this podcast.
I said feminists had a good idea, but in a typical female fashion, they fucked it up.
Typical female fashion.
They're going to lose their minds.
I know what I'm doing.
I did it on purpose.
I think it's funny.
I'm not scared of the bad press.
I'm not scared of the BBC.
I'm not scared of some feminists sitting there calling me names.
I don't read any of it anyway.
It's amazing to me that feminists will sit there and write these comments expecting me
to what?
Somehow read it?
I'm busy.
I'm a billionaire.
I don't read Instagram.
That's brokey shit.
I don't care about comments.
I got street problems.
I don't read any of it.
I just set them off and let them go.
I just put a battery in the Energizer bunny of upset losers.
You know how those trigger points work.
Yeah, that's right.
I just flick it.
Okay, off you go.
Please, please fund my career.
Thank you.
My haters can't help it.
They're emotionally controlled.
But the reason they are this way is because the only people who dislike me are slaves
inside the matrix.
And people who are slaves inside the matrix are emotionally controlled in general anyway,
because that whole MSM uses emotional control.
Because emotional arguments don't require a logical basis.
If you're in charge of the populace and you want to make them all slaves,
you don't want them to be logically minded.
Because if they're logically minded, they're going to sit and say,
does this make sense for me?
I'll give you an example.
I woke up and I am in Italy and I'm watching the news.
Do I want Italy to send all of its guns and weapons and money to Ukraine?
Does it make sense to me?
Me?
I'm in Tuscany.
I've got olives.
Do I want to take my country's money and my country's resources and fight Russia?
Not really.
This doesn't make any logical sense.
So how do they get you to do it?
They come with emotional arguments.
Russia's killing kids, which is all lies, by the way.
They lie.
But the great thing about emotional arguments also is you don't need data.
You can lie.
When you go logical, you go data.
Data, you can lie, but it's perhaps more difficult.
You need a video.
You need something.
Now...
I've been to Moscow so many times.
I think it's a great place.
That's what my friend Chadith and I were talking about yesterday as well.
I think it's so badly misunderstood by the mainstream media.
I think they're incredible people.
Of course.
I completely agree with you.
And I don't want to talk about the Ukraine-Russia war specifically because we're on the border
here in Romania and SBU is not too far away.
But it's emotional arguments, right?
So they try and use emotionality to control these people, which is why the people who dislike
me, who are people who are still plugged into the matrix, they're mad at me and they can't
control their emotions because their entire life is being emotionally manipulated.
Those are the people who they sit and say, grandma will die if you don't get the vaccine.
Now, oh, grandma, grandma.
Emotional argument.
They comply.
Racism's why you don't have a job.
It's not because...
Racism, racism.
So when I come along and say something, Andrew, Andrew, these people are just empty vessels
controlled by their emotions anyway.
So they're just clowns to be used for the circus.
Not only me.
I use these clowns for my circus.
The Matrix uses these clowns for its circus.
They're just clowns for hire.
All you need to do is come up with an emotional argument and they'll be outside with a picket
screaming.
They're clowns for hire, these people.
And I use the same clowns The Matrix uses to perpetuate my fight against The Matrix.
Right.
Thank you very much.
I think that's the most intelligent thing I could possibly do.
And that's how I stay relevant.
So I can't wait to post this clip.
Women can't drive.
Women can't park.
You're shit.
You don't pay attention.
Put it on Instagram.
I don't care.
Go, go.
Watch some girl go, I'm a great driver.
No, you're not.
You're a liar.
Put it all on Instagram.
Fine by me.
Fine by me.
I don't care.
And I mean what I say.
I'm not lying.
The thing is, I'm not saying it as a lie.
I mean it.
I mean it.
I mean what I say.
Yeah.
I mean what I say.
In my personal experience, the worst driving I have ever seen has come from females.
In my personal experience.
And you know, I actually argued this before once online.
Someone goes, you can't.
Well, the data shows women can drive.
You can't just take your personal experience and put it over the data.
You know what?
Yes, I can.
Because I live in my world.
And I live in my version of reality.
And considering that the data is all from The Matrix, which means it's all a f***ing lie anyway.
Bro, what you just said was gold.
It's your reality.
It's my reality.
The data on the vaccine said X.
Data's made up.
Data's numbers.
I have Excel on my laptop.
I can make up data.
You can throw all that away.
If you're the kind of person who adheres to the data as opposed to your personal experiences,
then you're completely slave-minded.
If you sit and say, the Matrix gave me this data, so I have to believe the data,
well then you're completely a slave.
I live with my personal experiences.
And I have seen enough car crashes.
I've been sitting next to a woman driving enough times.
I have seen enough women nearly hit my car and damage me to know they can't drive.
Most women are so bad at driving that they don't know they're bad at driving.
We saw something just last evening.
That's how bad they are.
They're so bad at driving, they don't know they're bad.
I've had girls say, I'm not a bad driver.
I drove to your house and nothing happened.
I said, no, no, no.
Here's what happened.
You drove to my house.
You cut up some guy who had to swerve and you were so bad at driving, you didn't even know this.
You're just like...
And some dude was like, fuck, just...
And you're like, music up.
You don't even know how bad you are.
You don't even know your tire pressures.
One of your tires is flat.
You didn't realize.
You didn't even know this.
They're so bad, they don't know they're bad.
So then they sit and say, I'm not bad, I'm good.
You don't know how bad you are.
I see how bad you are because I'm dodging you all day long.
And I stick by it.
I'll die on that hill.
I'll die on that hill.
Shoot me.
What I mean is...
I mean what I say.
Is Peter a good driver?
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
But you know, that's actually another interesting thing.
I said, I'll die on that hill and I'll say what I mean.
I mean what I say.
Isn't that one of the basic tenets of masculinity in the first place?
Just to sit and say, well, I believe this.
Oh, but the data says, and you're not allowed to say that,
and people will be offended, and the feminists will get mad.
I don't care.
I believe this.
I don't care.
Isn't that...
To me, that's bottom line of a man anyway.
That's what I believe.
That's what I've seen.
That's what I've seen with my own eyes.
I don't care.
I'm going to say it.
And I think that they've even trained that out of people.
They have.
They've trained it out of you for...
There's people out there right now, men with opinions,
which they want to say.
But they're like, hmm.
And then what happens is if you're afraid to say it,
because you're afraid to stick up for your own idea,
eventually, you're going to be afraid to think it.
If you're afraid to say women can't drive,
and they keep bombarding you with the information saying women are better drivers than men,
eventually, you'll accept that information because you don't say it anyway.
That's how programming works.
That's how the programming works.
That's right.
So to resist the slave mind, it's important you walk around telling every woman they can't drive.
I do it.
When all my wives come to the house one by one as they walk in,
oh, you didn't crash?
No.
Every single time.
I'm not that bad.
Yeah, yeah.
As the other guy.
Yeah, you have to keep them.
You know, remind yourself.
You know, remind...
Keep the hope alive.
Bro, I want to pick your brains on Jeffrey Epstein.
And black Jeffrey Epstein.
You know, I'm in a unique position to comment on this,
because I'm accused of human trafficking.
Everyone knows my case is bullshit.
It is interesting to me that I was arrested for human trafficking on the day that Epstein files
and Epstein lists came out to cover the MSM news.
If you typed human trafficking, only my face came out.
I'm a bit, yeah.
I'm accused of human trafficking because of TikTok accounts.
It's all a matrix attack.
I've explained it before.
It's all a scam.
Epstein was literally having sex with kids.
His list has never been fully redacted and released.
No one's been arrested in connection with that.
If that doesn't prove to you how the matrix works,
I don't know what else to say.
But to talk about it, I'll give you an interesting topic of conversation.
I have talked at length in private with War Room members.
And I want to say this also.
Anyone who enjoys my podcast, please understand,
this is 10% of the things I want to say, because this is public.
I understand.
Things I say in private are far more pertinent and far more interesting.
But I said, why is it Western elites typically that end up doing this heinous things on private
islands and not Eastern elites or Russian elites?
Why is it the Western elites?
And I've come to a conclusion.
I've come up with a thesis.
I think it's based around how our society is now built.
I used to talk about male-female gender dynamics a lot.
And I said that at a certain level of competence and power, men are not loyal.
And a lot of women got upset with me by that.
And there's also a bunch of beta males who make videos and say, no, men are loyal.
Cool.
But at a certain level, men are just not.
Now, we're loyal in other ways.
We're loyal with protection.
We're loyal with provision.
But we're not sexually exclusive.
Now, any man who sits there and says, that's not true.
That's up to you.
Cool.
But if you were top G, you'd understand.
When you have thousands and thousands of women a day sending you love letters,
on a long enough time frame, you'll take a test car for a spin.
You'll rent a car.
Whatever.
It is.
It's part of life.
And I think that that is accepted in many parts of the world.
If you're a Russian oligarch or if you're a Russian billionaire and you're living in Moscow,
you think you have one girl?
Oh, you have a wife and she has a nice house and a Bentley and you have the kids and you
take care of her, of course.
And then on the weekends, you have your girlfriends, probably five of them.
And everybody knows and nobody cares.
But in the West, we're denying masculine imperatives and we're denying human biology
and saying to very powerful, rich, important men, you're not allowed to do that.
You're not allowed.
You have to have that wife and only that wife and that's it.
You're not allowed.
That's why they do it all the more.
So they end up doing all this stuff behind the scenes.
So what we've done by trying to remove the natural masculine imperative from men,
we've now just pushed it all towards degeneracy.
Because now you have men buying, going to strippers, buying OnlyFans.
If they're rich and powerful enough, going to private islands, having
on with God knows who, God knows where.
Because they're not allowed to just say, yeah, I live with three women
and the three women love me and I'm happy.
I'm satisfied.
You can't convince me to go to a private island.
You couldn't convince me no matter what, because I have too much to do at home.
If you understand me, I don't, I don't need to go anywhere.
I've got stuff to do.
I've got my women here.
They love me.
They're all beautiful.
I've got 10 beautiful girlfriends.
Why don't I want to go to fly?
No, boring.
And then full perversion, like all things, we talked about the light, the dark.
We talked about how the light hedonism, what did I say?
More drugs, more drink, more clubs.
Well, if you go to private islands and you have because you're restricted at home,
you're a rich, powerful man.
You've tried very hard.
You've gone out there and you've conquered the world.
You've made all this money, but you have one wife.
You're not allowed to cheat and you're not allowed to have any other women because that's wrong.
You go to this island.
You finally have to say the first time ever.
You lose your mind.
And on a long enough time frame, you end up going deeper and deeper down the hole.
And you end up having to younger and younger girls, weirder and weirder stuff, men, perversions.
All sexual perversion is based on repressed sexuality.
And the reason sexuality is so repressed amongst the elites of the West is because they can't sit
and do what any normal, powerful man has done since it's on of human history.
Any man who was a king ever had concubines, ever, ever.
But now we have kings who are allowed.
So what do they do?
They end up ending up down this black hole of perversion.
Why?
Trying to hide their natural and masculine instincts.
And this is another thing that's very interesting.
How do you get film for that?
Well, this is another thing that's interesting because I was talking to a girl the other day
and she was saying, oh yeah, you're open and you say you have all these girls on the internet, blah, blah.
I said, yeah.
And she goes, oh, you know, but if I had a boyfriend who said that, you know, my boyfriend's loyal to me.
I said, no, you're a boyfriend.
Nobody wants to sleep with your boyfriend.
Don't say you're, and I know that because I'm f***ing you.
So, because you, so your boyfriend has no options.
Don't confuse masculine loyalty with a lack of options.
And most women do.
If your boyfriend's watching, does your boyfriend watch?
Why?
Does your boyfriend ever watch?
Yeah.
Okay.
So he wants to.
He wants to, yeah.
He just can't.
Right.
That's not loyal.
Wanting something you can't do isn't loyalty.
That's a lack of options.
Right?
It's the intention at the end of the day.
Yeah, the intention's there.
There's no man out there who is with a woman who's also not watching on OnlyFans,
not lusting over other girls on Instagram, not messaging girls who ignore him,
not going strip clubs, then you're loyal.
But if you're doing any of those things, you're just as disloyal as a man with five wives,
except you're not man enough to get five wives.
That's the only problem.
So the whole thing is a f***ing scam.
So if you actually look at it, 99.9% of men aren't loyal.
And women know this anyway.
So you have to choose your poison, I guess.
And I often analyze from the other side as a professional, because I think that's what you should do.
If I was a woman, what kind of man would I be with?
And truthfully, I think I already know the answer to that question.
Because if I look at me now, what's the kind of car I want?
Well, I want the fanciest, sexiest, most beautiful car.
And I understand that that comes with problems.
And the problems are that sometimes it just won't start.
That's how it goes.
But it's worth it to me, because it's the best.
Well, I guess that's what it's like being with a top-tier man.
You're with the best man on earth.
Everybody wants him.
Sometimes he's busy one night.
Sometimes he's going to be out for a while.
But you're with the best.
You can get a Nissan.
It'll start every time.
It'll start every time.
No problems.
But it's an Nissan.
So you have to make your choice as a woman what kind of man you want to be with.
And if you're a woman who gets with a top-tier male and thinks, I'm going to make him be loyal to me,
you're going to end up having to leave him for cheating.
And then you're going to try and get another one.
And you're going to end up having to leave him for cheating.
And you're going to try and get another one.
And after you've been through 25 of them, your heart's so broken, you can't love anyone anyway.
So now you're broken.
So as a woman, the smartest thing you can do is stick by your man anyway,
because I believe that women take emotional damage from every single breakup.
I think every single time a woman takes a breakup, she gets a little bit more insane.
But what's your opinion if a woman were to do that as well,
if she thought that she's the top G, for example?
Okay, well, then we can talk about that.
But I think that women take emotional damage for every single man they sleep with.
I really believe it.
Find the craziest women they sleep with a lot of guys.
Oh, if a woman sleeps with a man, and she doesn't end up pregnant by that man
and stay with that man for the rest of her life,
by the time she leaves him, she takes a degree of mental retardation.
And every single time she sleeps and takes a new s***,
she ends up a little bit more retarded.
She's storing all that energy within herself, right?
Bro, they end up weird.
Yeah.
So if you're a woman who's so obsessed with the idea of loyalty
that you're going to run around and jump on s*** to try and find it,
you're going to end up messed up yourself.
And then you're never going to find it.
So the best thing you can do is just understand the kind of man you're with.
And also understand very pertinently and very accurately
that trying to force a man into going against his biology...
It's going to make him do that all the more.
It's going to repress him into doing other things.
The reason the West is run on s*** is because of this repression.
If we got rid of all this repression and let powerful men do what they want to do,
all these islands would disappear.
Anyway, that's a separate argument.
As for the women, well, since the dawn of time,
female promiscuity has never been respected.
I think men and women are good at different things.
I think we have different roles.
I would never expect a woman to pay for my dinner.
That's my job.
I'm a man.
Cool.
And I would never expect a woman to defend me physically.
That's my job.
I'm a man.
So we have to accept there's differences in our biology.
Some are positive, some are negative.
The positive is I'm allowed multiple sexual partners and she is not.
But I also have to pay all the bills and I have to become rich and strong and interesting.
And I have to put her in a nice house and private jets and a nice car.
And I have to defend her physically if no one tries to attack her.
And I have to put up with her problems and fix her bills when they appear.
I have plenty of work to do for the little benefit of having more work to do.
Women can get pregnant.
And because they can get pregnant, having multiple partners is haram.
No one knows who the dad is.
That's a very simple bottom line.
And if you can come along and say birth control, all this garbage,
that's all new age science.
We're not going to go against human biology.
But I just said something there, which is actually true, about a job to do.
I think that's actually a great way to look at relationships.
There's another thing I was talking to somebody about and I said,
when a woman's with a real guy, a real G, she doesn't have to pay rent.
She lives with him or in one of his houses.
So she lives free.
She gets to go to beautiful places and do beautiful things, go to the spa.
She gets to go shopping.
If she has a problem, she calls him and he fixes it.
He probably has staff who help her if she needs help to go somewhere.
She has security to go with her to make sure she's taken care of.
She can fly private.
She gets all these great life upgrades and she gets hugs and kisses.
What does the man get?
Well, the man gets a job.
He now has to take care of her.
She's now another task.
She's a job, just like your normal job is.
You got to make sure she doesn't, make sure she's not upset.
She's emotionally regulated.
Make sure her bills are paid.
Make sure she's safe.
Where is she?
You have a job.
You're doing a job.
A relationship for a man is far more of a job than it is for a woman in many ways.
So if you're a woman and you're going to understand that the man has a job to put up with you and he's making your life beautiful.
But when he goes out with his boys twice a month and has a little bit of fun, you're going to have a mental breakdown.
Well, then you're just going to end up disappointed.
You're going to have to just be more realistic about the way the world works.
Because that's how it works.
True.
Thank you, Andrew.
Thank you, bro.
Thank you so much for this, man.
Cheers, man.
I let it drop.
