Guys, I'm convinced the entire economy is fake.
I'm convinced that everything is literally completely made up and that nobody has a business.
Consumer capitalism as we know it is gone and over.
The idea that people make things and then everyone else buys those things and it makes them rich.
I think that's all gone.
I have this theory that we're living in a great deception.
And that basically the majority of the money in the Western world today is just endless fraud.
Endless fraud.
Good business model, probably.
I believe you.
I believe you.
Minnesota was just a drop.
Where the fuck on a map is Minnesota?
Who cares?
Why are Somalis there?
And how have they stolen $10 billion?
If they're stealing from Minnesota, imagine how much is being stolen in California.
Imagine how much is being stolen in New York.
Real places.
And that's just America.
Where stealing is supposed to be hard.
How much is being stolen in all of South America and Africa?
I have a feeling that the economy is actually different than we imagined it.
And that there's a new economy, which I've come to the, I'm going to draw for us all.
Okay.
Because we thought the economy, we were all taught it was consumer capitalism.
That's what we were taught.
We were taught that the economy is businesses and stores that sell things to people.
And they either buy those things at a lower price or produce those things.
And then they sell them to people who have money from their jobs.
And the people who own those businesses get rich.
But that is what I thought.
Nobody has a business.
Have you realized that besides us who have a cash flowing business that makes hundreds of millions of dollars a year,
we have a very simple business.
We have an online educational platform.
Yeah.
The largest in the world.
We teach people how to make money online.
And there's a bunch of different ways people can make money online, which we're going to talk about.
And people are happy with it.
So they pay their subscription.
So we make hundreds of millions of dollars.
We have a business.
Who else do you know with money that actually has a business?
Not crypto, not stocks, not speculation, not trading, not leveraging.
No, an actual, I have a store.
Well, stores certainly don't exist.
Store, I don't know.
Everything's store.
Elon exists.
Elon has a business.
Of course Elon has a business.
Okay, but my point is-
I know, now it gets hard.
Most people with money nowadays don't seem to have a business.
So if consumer capitalism has died and they don't have a business, originally I thought we'd moved into financialized capitalism.
So instead of the store and selling it, et cetera, I thought, well, what's happened is people are learning how to make money from money.
So we've entered financialized capitalism because if I give you $10 million now, you don't think I'm going to try and launch an Amazon competitor, which would be consumer capitalism, like a mom and pop shop because everything's monopolized.
You think I'll buy $10 million of Amazon stock.
So we just have less and less real businesses and more and more people invested in those businesses, allowing them to turn their money into money, financialized capitalism.
But I don't think that's the case anymore either.
I think we've entered fraud capitalism.
Okay.
I'm with you on this because I knew-
$8 billion is a lot of money.
I knew something was wrong with the world.
And you are right.
Because even when I speak to rich people today, they don't say, oh, I have a hedge fund.
Oh, I have an investment fund.
They don't.
So if we're in financialized capitalism, all the people I see in Dubai who have Bugatti should have hedge funds or investment funds.
They don't.
Maybe it's just fraud.
I think we've entered fraud capitalism.
What I think is actually happening is this.
Here's how I think the economy currently functions.
Okay.
I think you have force, right?
Okay.
Which is just guns.
Yeah, guns.
America's the richest because they have the most-
Guns.
Guns.
Makes sense.
Okay.
Force.
And I think that force is being used to steal things that matter.
Okay.
And that includes financial force.
Like, give us your gold.
Here's some printed gold.
They just stole some oil, didn't they?
Well-
It just took some oil.
We're going to talk about force because the European Union used legal force.
But basically, it's force.
So America has an army.
Yeah.
And they go and they take, let's say, oil.
Those are good.
Nice and simple.
Expensive things.
They steal it with force.
Now, they don't have to actually blow places up.
They can just threaten to blow places up or make it clear that they could blow you up or say
that, you know, we'll blow you up later if you don't do this or affect the price of
it, whatever.
And they steal things.
And this goes back to the force owner.
Okay.
And then the people at the top of this force system, it's a pyramid.
Fake jobs.
The people at the top, somehow, via NGOs.
Fake jobs.
And fucking grants.
Steal loads of money.
Okay.
Okay.
They just steal loads of money.
Great.
Then you have people in the middle who are doing butt-fuck jobs, getting taxed and wrecked.
Okay.
These are people getting wrecked.
Okay.
And they believe in the fake economy.
They're, like, earning $150,000 a year.
They service swimming pools.
And they work really hard.
But after they pay all their taxes, they get to save, you know, $20,000 a year after
everything's paid.
And then, obviously, inflation destroys that.
And then another tax comes.
They can't invest in anything.
Their car breaks down.
And then they stay poor.
So they're wrecked.
And they're getting taxed to fuck to give more money back to the force owner.
And then you've got all these people at the bottom who just live off complete handouts
and do no work.
So the top of the pyramid is a very few people stealing and milking the system.
The middle is the backbone.
And the bottom are millions of people stealing little bits of money.
Yeah, okay.
Most people don't do any work anymore.
Have you not noticed this?
That when you go outside on a Wednesday.
When I used to go outside on a Wednesday during the day, people were at their jobs.
And now nobody's at work anymore.
Why is no one working during the day, during the week, at all?
Because they're either up here stealing.
Okay.
Or they're down here doing no work.
I think of the 300 million people in America, I would argue, by the time you add up all the
food stamps, SNAP benefits, fucking illegal immigrants, this, that, that, that, at least
half of them aren't doing any work.
So I looked this up.
In the UK, which is 70 million people, only 30 million pay tax.
40 million are migrants or old or children.
So the 70 million, we have 70 million people in the UK, 40 million take from the state.
Okay.
Only 30 million pay tax.
And of those 30 million that pay tax, only 8 million pay more in than they get out.
Because most are taking more in social security or benefits for children or medical care or
whatever.
So you have 8 million middle-aged men.
Let's cut the bullshit.
White men.
8 million middle-aged white men who are paying for 62 million people who take more than they
give.
This is not an economy.
This is rape.
So how does, so this is rape.
So how does the British state, how does Europe have any money at all?
For all.
Well, no, I'm getting to the bottom of this because I was thinking, well, America uses
force to steal shit.
Europe was doing that for a long time in Africa, et cetera, but they can't do it anymore.
So I feel like Europe has been surviving in the last 20 years by doing what Dubai is currently
doing.
Europe survived by attracting everyone else's money for like tourism and, you know, soul.
Yeah.
Vacation house.
Vacation house.
And people got rich and buy a boat and real estate and go to Italy and Corsica and all
this shit.
That's how, that's how Europe was getting rich.
Because even then I was sitting there thinking, well, how does Dubai function?
Dubai doesn't make anything.
No, but Dubai offers a life that everyone brings their money here.
Yes.
Yeah.
Best place ever.
Yeah.
It's the best place ever.
So Dubai's system is come here with all your money.
Yeah.
And you can spend it here and we'll offer you safety.
So Dubai in the Middle East has now taken over from Europe.
But I think our economy is fundamentally broken.
I think that everyone with money is somehow stealing it.
Really, most people are somehow stealing it.
Very few people have successful businesses and just make lots of money.
You're talking about not point, not, not, not 1% of people.
Hardly anyone.
People in the middle are getting endlessly wrecked.
They always have been.
They still believe in consumer capitalism.
But the majority of the population of earth now are just living off the state and living
off fucking handouts.
Am I crazy?
I don't see an economy anymore.
You're probably right.
You're probably right.
Where's the economy?
You're okay.
Luke, here's a million dollars.
Okay.
You're in San Diego.
What business do you open to make money?
Here's a million dollars free.
What business do you open?
That people will come to you and buy products and services where you can provide them with
the fucking bread rolls and coffee or whatever you're going to sell where you don't get
fucking raped by taxes, completely wrecked when your store gets robbed.
Tell me how you make money.
A million dollars.
Okay.
No franchising.
No.
I don't like a franchise.
Money's barely going to get spent.
Moving to Dubai.
First thing.
Second thing.
So it's a flight.
It's 300 bucks down.
Yep.
Okay.
First flight.
Second thing.
Apartment, house, whatever.
Rent.
Get that covered for, I don't know, two years.
Boom, done.
Joining the real world.
Yeah.
Putting the rest of it.
Online.
Physical businesses are bullshit.
So the premise is fucked to begin with.
I'm not selling bread rolls.
Not doing that.
It's investing properly.
And two, starting a business that doesn't require cash.
So is everything just online now?
Yeah.
Everything's online.
No physical businesses.
There's no physical businesses left?
We're living in the metaverse now.
Yeah.
The only chance of making money is online?
Yeah.
That's where all the money is.
But then how does this survive the great AI wave which is coming?
How does capitalism and how does society continue to function as AI replaces more and more people?
Because it is insidious and it is slow.
I don't think it's going to be overnight.
But slowly, little by little, people are just going to get replaced by the machine money.
No, you're right.
Are those the people who just end up down here?
Those are the tool people.
Maybe, maybe.
There's two.
There's two versions of people.
Okay.
Go ahead.
There's business.
There's people with agency who say, I'm going to solve this problem.
Yeah.
And oftentimes, the problem is so big that you need other people's help.
Yeah.
And those people, I call them tool people.
Most employees are tool people.
They're not sitting down thinking, how do I make this business make more money?
No.
They're thinking, I need to stand here and give customers bread rolls.
Yeah.
They're tool people.
Their brain is not thinking, how do I give the customers the best service ever?
No.
Yeah.
They don't have any ambition.
They're not trying to move reality.
Yeah.
They're trying to get the job done to get paid.
AI is replacing all tool people.
Yeah.
Because AI is a tool.
So, I actually think AI is just going to make it so that business people, people with agency.
Get richer.
Can do more things.
Yeah.
And they don't have to deal with tool people.
Because tool people are paying the ass, right?
One day, they don't show up.
Yeah.
It's like, well, okay, bread roll man didn't show up.
It's gay.
Yeah.
He has to worry about bread roll man.
AI is going to replace all the tool people.
Most employees.
Cut that noise.
Whatever it is.
So, the wealth is just going to continue to...
It's going to go to the hyper-competent.
And probably the fraudsters are going to keep stealing their money.
I'd argue that there's a second goal just under the fraudsters.
They're not as rich as the fraudsters.
I really don't think you can get richer than stealing $8 billion.
But there's a middle one which is like true business owners.
The monopoly class.
And that group's getting smaller.
So, the monopoly class, if we agree, which I do agree with you, that AI is going to make
the people with a brain richer.
Yes.
And it's just going to take the wealth and concentrate it.
Yeah.
So, there's going to be less...
Because let's be honest.
By the time Elon has finished colonizing Mars and building tunnels underneath every city,
he's already the richest man in the world.
Like, that guy's going to be the most powerful, richest man.
He's just going to take more and more and more of the world's money.
Yes.
And anyone who complains about that doesn't understand that he's providing value in there.
No.
Elon will be richer than the fraudsters.
Because fraudsters don't actually do anything.
They just need a bunch of paper.
They steal Elon's tax money.
But no.
But the amount of fraud that's going on...
I don't think anyone has...
Tristan, when we go and when we went to Baltimore and we saw those three or four...
Yeah, they got a giant.
...400 yachts.
Yeah.
Three or four hundred super yachts in a row.
We didn't know who any of those people are.
No.
Jeffrey Epstein was worth 500 million.
We're worth more than that.
We're richer than that.
Nobody knew who the fuck he was.
Yep.
Until, you know, he became a meme on the internet.
He was running around doing whatever he wanted.
How?
Banking bullshit, NGO grants, back fucking log...
He didn't build anything.
He didn't have a business.
It was all just a big famoose.
Of those 400 yachts we saw in one town this summer, not in all of Europe, not in all of
the world, in one town we saw 400 yachts.
I guarantee 300 of those yachts were bought off the back of some NGO grant charity bullshit
fucking theft.
Probably.
Just stealing.
Probably.
Everyone's just raping every government.
Yeah.
Probably.
Yeah, you're probably right.
Seems that way.
Probably right.
Yeah.
It's crazy.
It's crazy.
Where did the Minnesota Samari money go?
Yeah.
Whose yacht did that buy?
Yeah.
It's one of those yachts.
Yeah.
Pirate ships.
My point is, the amount of money that's just going fucking missing is monumental.
It's monumental.
And I'm only trying to work out how the economy genuinely works so I can position us in a place
where we make even more money.
Did you know in the 72 days between Joe Biden losing the election and, sorry, Joe Biden handing
the presidency over to Donald Trump, the Department of Energy gave $80 billion away to NGOs and
startups that all of them have absolutely no turnover, no income, and no profit.
$80 billion out of the Department of Energy.
Good move.
Good move.
Where the fuck did that money go?
Someone for the yachts.
Yeah.
Houses in the yachts.
Okay.
So, now we understand that the majority of people who are rich in the world are just thieves.
You've talked me around.
I get it.
Yeah.
So, we live in a fraud economy.
Fraud anonymous.
Yes.
We have a very, we always knew this.
There's a very small middle class who are getting fucking raped.
Yeah.
And we have people below them living for free and people above them living for free.
And then we have this small monopoly class of people who maybe have a real business.
Yeah.
Right?
And they're going to continue to get richer and richer and less and less people are going
to be in the middle class because less and less of them are going to be needed.
Yeah.
Is that how that's going to happen?
Yes.
So, how does this affect society as a whole?
Well.
And how does this affect how we make money in the future?
And more importantly, how does this affect where we place our money?
Because if I had to guess, I guess that the West's biggest incoming problem isn't
just, I mean, of course, it's all the people at the bottom, it's all the people at the top.
But as people lose their jobs, I think they're going to have massive unrest.
I don't believe in this universal basic income happiness bullshit.
I think it's going to be fucking hell.
I actually think, I think money is going to kind of go away.
I agree with Elon because money is used as a tool to say that you do good work for society.
Therefore, you have money because it's now so easy to steal money.
I just think it's going to be like, okay, we don't use money anymore.
Not really.
It's a different, I think the system's going to change.
The system's going to collapse.
The system's going to change because the Elons bring value and they always deserve whatever
we use as some level of currency, some medium of exchange.
The Monopoly class, they do real things.
They're going to have value and wealth.
The Rex people, I just think there's going to be none of them.
I think anyone who's a tool, you're essentially just getting replaced by AI because AI is too
good.
And then there's going to be a bunch of universal eaters.
And I think the eaters, the eater class, I think over the next, I don't know, 100 years,
they're just going to have less and less kids and no one's going to care.
You know the crazy thing about the real world and traditional education, we didn't, when
we sat down, eight years ago, it started the gears turning that became the Tate Empire.
We didn't actually foresee AI coming in and wrecking everyone.
But you know how like low genetic diversity means diseases can spread through certain populations?
Yes.
It's called the perfect storm when all the things happen in the right way for a total
disaster.
The system of the last 30 years of getting people to spend four years reading 20 big
books.
Yeah.
And they wrecked them.
They wrecked them.
It's become the perfect storm.
AI is the infectious disease perfectly designed to wipe out the population.
Yeah.
All right.
So let's happen.
So let's go back a stage because I feel like we're missing something.
And I don't know what it is, but I feel like everyone's mental model of how the world functions
is broken.
Most people still believe in consumer capitalism.
I knew better and believed in financialized capitalism.
I believed you turn money into money by buying into the monopolies.
But then the question for that is how do you first make money to turn it into money?
Yes.
So let's talk about what is money and how do we now make money?
Because I think the young people of the world already know this and they know this because
they can intrinsically feel that they cannot compound their way out of the problem they're
in.
If you're broke, traditionally, I'm poor.
I'm a poor man.
Okay.
Get a job.
I've got a job.
I'd like to buy a house and a car.
Well, I can't afford them yet.
So I will save for them.
The idea of saving is gone.
Yeah.
You can't save enough money to buy a car or a house.
Yeah.
Ever.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Am I right?
Yeah, you're right.
Okay.
So one plus one doesn't equal two anymore.
It used to be one hour of my work plus an hour of my work is two hours of my work.
And if I store enough hours of my work, I get things.
But every time you put hours of work in the bank, you get wrecked by taxes, inflation,
and ridiculous.
It's less than half.
Like 20%.
You're getting wrecked.
Yeah.
So young people understand this and that's why they're all doing risky.
Yeah.
They're being idiots.
Yeah.
They're being idiots.
Yeah.
They're being idiots.
They're taking risks because if they don't take any risk, they lose.
They lose.
They lose.
So is it even really a risk?
I get, I get why they take risks.
They're just idiots with how they take risks, but I get it.
I get it.
You lose if you do nothing.
So they just do the next thing they know, which is, okay, I'm just going to gamble.
I'm just going to go crypto.
Mean coins, gambling.
Just max, try and get up.
And then they lose there.
But I mean, they're always going to lose anyway if they didn't do that.
So the game's completely rigged against them.
Yeah.
You cannot just do drop and save.
So how does a young person make money anymore?
He has to become special.
Well, this is the thing.
What did you use to get paid money for?
You got money for your knowledge.
Yeah.
But knowledge means nothing.
It means nothing.
Knowledge is everywhere.
Yeah.
In the 1980s or 1990s, someone would come to you and say, hi, you know about plants.
Here's some money.
Now, the AI tells us about plants.
One guy with AI and 40 Mexicans doing the horticulture.
Or they just Google it.
Yeah.
So knowledge doesn't mean anything anymore.
Knowledge doesn't mean anything anymore.
So then is it, I mean, low-level labor.
No, it's not the move.
AI.
Well, it's not just AI.
Immigrants also.
Yeah, immigrants.
So you can't even just sell your low-level labor anymore.
So what do you have as a person to trade for money?
Well, you have to, I can tell you, you have to be the leader who's able to move all these
pieces to actually make a result.
I was going to say, you actually need a factor of both.
This is the scary thing.
If you're a young man, okay, expertise and knowledge, back-breaking hard labor, in a very
small niche, oil rigs, deep sea fishermen, there's money.
But nobody has both of these things.
That's the thing.
No, you have to, you have to be the Elon.
You have to be the guy who's able to put pieces together to actually make something useful.
Something that gets results.
And then, yeah, or I was thinking the arbitrage between, I know, I know how to use AI and
this boomer doesn't know how to use AI.
Yeah, 100%.
So he'll pay me and I'll do it for the arbitrage between everyone else catching on.
Yes.
Which is speed.
Yeah, being ahead.
You have to be ahead of other people.
You have to do it now.
You've got to go two more years to do this.
You have to be, you have to use.
You can always be ahead.
Yeah.
That's what I mean when you say, when I say you have to be special.
You have to be the guy who no one knows how he does what he does.
That's it.
And that's all the students do, right?
When we teach students AI, they go to a boomer and the boomer has some level of a business.
He wants the business to make more money.
The student comes in.
He's like magic.
He's like a magician.
They think he's a genius.
Yeah.
Because they have no clue what it's actually under the hood.
They don't know.
Actually, he's just some kid.
It was pretty easy to learn.
Yeah.
So they give him money, think he's some genius, some revolutionary.
It's just, he's a special.
He's ahead of the boomer.
He's just special.
So that's where the money is nowadays.
Arbitrage.
That's where I think the money is.
The money is, is finding people who don't know what you know.
Yeah.
Even though what you know isn't that hard to know.
Yes.
And charging a price for it.
Charging a price.
You get money by even the NGOs, right?
The people who steal from NGOs, they still have to hire, they still have to throw money
around to other people to disguise the money that they're stealing themselves.
Yeah.
You can probably work for an NGO at some level.
Be a contractor to an NGO.
Things, to make things actually move.
An NGO has to somehow show that, look, we're doing things.
They need a real person to do that.
An NGO will probably, to be honest, give you loads of money.
They're stealing 8 billion.
Yeah.
They'll probably give some guy $50,000 a month to just make the NGO look real, get real
results, and they'll steal the, I don't know, 8, 7 billion, 900 million.
They'll steal the rest.
But they need someone to at least have the illusion of results, the illusion of movement.
And I actually think that's where the money is.
If I was a regular person working a regular job, I'd immediately start trying to get businesses
to give me money.
These businesses have too much money.
The monopoly people have way too much money.
When I see these pay packages of like AI giving some guy $70 million a year in salary, I'm
like, that makes sense to me because there's too much money and there's not enough special
people.
We have too much money.
Yeah.
And we don't know what to buy.
Bro, if we, if we could buy something right now that immediately would make the real world
students 10 billion times more successful, it'd be bought already.
That's the problem.
If someone wants to come and say, hey guys, I can make the real world students a million
times more successful.
You've got loads of money waiting for you.
It's there.
It's true.
Every business is like that.
Yeah.
You're right.
That's how you have to sell to, you have to sell the businesses.
You have to sell the businesses.
You have to sell the governments.
You have to sell to people with the real money because they don't care.
People think like, oh, $50,000 a month.
That's a big deal, bro.
There's $8 billion that got stolen.
Yeah.
$50,000 is literally nothing.
It's less than a rounding error.
You know, it's so small.
You know what's funny?
The world actually hasn't massively changed.
It's just tweaked and adapted.
I was thinking what you were saying about young people making money earlier.
Why did the 15-year-olds used to knock on old people's doors and say, I'll cut your grass?
Yeah.
Because the old people have money.
They can't push the lawnmowers.
Here you go, young man.
You can do something I can't do.
Now, there's old people who don't know how to use AI.
And they have loads of money.
I could do your AI for you on your company and the old people have to work forever because
retirement doesn't exist anymore.
Humor class have loads of money.
It's kind of cool how everything's just become digital.
Now, when someone like trades, traders and all this stuff, is that knowledge?
We said knowledge isn't worth money anymore.
Is that knowledge?
What edge do they have?
I don't think traders make money.
I don't think they have an edge.
You know, traders make money because someone has to.
If I get 1,000 people and I say, everyone flip a coin.
Yeah.
I understand that most traders get right.
I get that.
It just whittles down.
I'm trying to see if there's another category besides knowledge.
Yeah, but my point about that is I don't think the traders who've consistently won for five
years have consistently won because they necessarily know much more.
I think they're just the people who kept flipping the coin.
So what do we say then?
So you're a young man and you want to make money in the world today.
What you know, I mean, I guess it still is knowledge then.
It's knowledge in action.
It's I will get things done.
Give that guy an AI robot army behind him.
Give him some, because the beautiful thing about the internet is this kid can know anything.
Yeah.
Anyone can know anything.
Yes.
So how does he make money if anyone can know anything?
He just has to know the right things.
One.
So he has to have like a little thought bubble, put a little dream bubble above his head.
Like he's got the right ideas.
He picked very certain, he picked very specific knowledge that's useful to big businesses.
Right?
He picked specific knowledge and then give him a giant AI robot army behind him because he learned
how to use AI to leverage it, to make himself more productive.
So he's got robots.
Okay.
And then also give him muscles because he's willing to work hard.
Muscles here.
So if you're a giant company with more money than you know what to do with, and this kid
comes along and says, look, I'll be able to, one, either make you more money or get some
result for you, you're probably going to give him money.
I'd hire that guy.
That guy's always needed.
You need the man with the robot army who's hardworking and knows how to do things that
you can't really do, or you can't find someone who knows how to do it.
Every business has a problem of manpower.
That's why the AI guy is getting like $70 million in contracts from all these companies.
I get it.
It's like, who else is going to actually move the needle?
Who's going to put you, if you're Google, and I don't know who's ahead in the AI race,
you're Google and you're behind in the AI race, you have to get ahead.
Well, that's going to require a person.
Most likely you have unlimited money.
You already bought all the GPUs.
You bought all the CPUs.
You did all that.
Now it's like, who's the genius who's going to somehow get us from second place, the first
place.
And that dude, he's there and he comes and talks to you.
If you believe him, you're giving him the money.
I just feel like we're still, cause I understand I'm a young man.
My knowledge is worth nothing.
My labor is worth nothing, but we're saying, if you combine them, you combine them and
arbitrage and find people who won't take action or don't know enough.
And then there's a small gap in space time in which you can make money.
Also rich people, they might be able to do all this, but they don't want to.
Yeah.
There's nothing better to spend your money on than one piece of mine and two not having
to work.
Yeah.
I said it about deep sea fishermen and oil rigs.
I was almost there.
People don't want to do it.
They don't want to do it, but you do need both of those things.
We need the muscles and the knowledge.
So there is an arbitrage now in the digital world where it used to be just in the physical
world of those specialized jobs.
Yeah.
Because, and I'm just going right back to the base level, the digital world even.
Courses don't work.
No.
Courses are long.
No, because that doesn't get anyone's success.
That doesn't make any problem.
You know who killed courses?
Us.
You.
Yeah.
Because we have the largest online school in the world for $49.
Yeah.
No one can compete.
We give so much.
Yeah.
It's not even just a, it's a custom app, constant mentorship.
It literally, it's a bunch of millionaires basically making new courses every week up
to date in real time.
Every day.
For less, for less money per year than a single course.
Even something as simple as being, it's 2 a.m., you just got home, it's hard, you don't
know what to do, you don't know how you're going to make money, you're stressed, you
just go in, hey guys, I have this, this, this, this, this, and you get a reply in 10 minutes
from someone who's actually on your team, actually reads the message, actually says,
hmm, let me think.
Asks you questions back, now you're having to talk.
Even that talk might simply increase your confidence so you're ready to get back in the
game instead of quitting.
Of course, because it's dead.
You killed it.
It's dead.
No one can offer that with a course and that's because no one's willing to do the labor.
Yeah.
Courses are dead.
So we've completely conquered that.
We teach, we teach this with AI.
This is what we teach.
We teach people how to become this kid, this guy.
Valuable people will always get money.
Always.
If you're a person who can do things and make results happen, whatever those results are,
you'll get money.
And then once you have money, that's also, and this is a conversation for us as well, personally,
once you have money, you have to grow that money because inflation is a bitch.
And we decided that Middle East real estate and crypto is the way we should grow and protect
our money.
That's got to be the best option on the board, surely.
Well, it's the best option once you can't find people to give money to because some people
are more valuable.
Well, let me tell you why our advice is always solid.
If 10 people are selling bulletproof vests, but one of them has been shot 50 times, you'd
buy the bulletproof vest from that guy.
If I say, my knowledge and my information of how to protect money once you've made it
and the other stuff that we teach inside the real world is valuable, you better fucking
believe it because I'm still rich and they've blown me up with dynamite.
So.
Yeah.
If you're buying real estate in a Western country now, you're making a huge gamble.
Yeah, huge.
Your gamble is that taxes won't increase.
Yeah, they will.
Crime won't increase.
It will.
You won't piss the government off and they'll take it off you.
Bro, you need other new buyers.
You don't have the birthright to keep it up.
Now it's got to be, you have to import immigrants and then pray they get rich enough to be able
to buy it off you.
I learned something new the other day.
You're in our group chats.
Have you seen me and Andrew sending each other classical Italian and French villas and
stately homes being like, they're only 6 million, 8 million for like this castle.
And they're awesome.
I realized, and I found out after deep diving, why they're for sale.
Why?
Why?
Let's see if we can work this out.
We've been finding incredible stately homes in France for like one or two mil, less than
the price of an apartment here.
Yeah.
And we're like, why are they so cheap?
Is crime so bad?
Are the taxes so high?
I just think the city's dead.
The real estate's so high?
Why are they so cheap?
My guess is it's like Japan and the town's just dead.
No.
Why?
Because most of them are upkept and owned and somehow managed by the municipality in some
way.
The government, the local council, the area, the state you'd say in America, but it's
the county in England, state in France, depending on the country, right?
They need a goose to famose.
There's no goose here.
There's a giant castle, right?
And it's falling apart.
And the state's paying a bit of money to fix it, right?
If we get some retard to buy this castle, you live there.
Property tax.
You need to upkeep it.
You need to make it look nice.
Oh, tourism board.
You're going to run a hotel.
Okay, that's more money for us.
They need somebody in the hot seat getting the dildo up the butthole so they can farm
the fact that that property exists.
Right now, it just exists.
And they'll be like, oh, look, it's such a good deal.
You can buy this real estate in France.
It's a castle.
It's three million euros.
And people are like, ah, three million euros.
And they buy it.
Now they're getting fucked.
They took the free candy and got into the van.
And now they are about to get fucked.
They're for sale cheap because they need somebody tied to the bed with this butthole
covered in lubricant.
Nice.
Yeah.
So if you're buying real estate in the Western world, you have to accept that they're probably
going to continue to increase taxes.
Oh, yeah.
Because that's all houses all the way down.
We're talking top level, like these real estate houses.
But really, really, any empty house in London is invaluable to London.
Well, outside of the Middle East.
Where transactions are quick.
Yes.
Because Dubai is not...
There's no factories here.
The Middle East is not making anything.
Yeah.
As much as we say you have to make something to be a real economy.
Here, the economy is based on just attracting all the world's money.
But that allows the money to have speed.
You can sell a house here in a day.
Yeah, liquidity.
Liquidity.
Yeah, it's a liquid market.
So outside of the liquidity of the Middle East, is there anywhere else on earth you can trust
to have real estate and know it's going to be liquid enough to move before you can get
completely wrecked by a tax or an exit tax?
Or a new government.
Or a new government.
Which doesn't happen here.
Or a...
Like, real estate's gone.
I'll be dumb.
Basically, everywhere else.
Unless you're an idiot.
Isn't it?
And then the people I see who are making money in America with real estate are making it
off Section 8.
They're making it...
Nice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You sell it to the government.
You sell it to the government.
So there's a lesson here.
The big man, the big man with the big pot of gold, sell it to him.
Yeah.
Nice.
Nice.
Makes sense.
So you buy houses and then you get the shit munchers who can't pay rent in the houses
on Section 8.
I'm telling you, that class making money who actually have businesses, they're selling
to either other businesses or they're selling to the government.
You sell it to the guys with big wads of cash.
Makes sense.
Section 8 makes perfect sense to me.
The government has loads of money.
And they'll give you some so they can steal a bunch.
To steal money, it can't all go in your pocket.
Of course.
They need to throw it around.
Of course.
So they can't know which one's complete fraud and which one's not.
So, oh, you're Section 8, man.
Cool.
You want how much?
Oh, good.
You want a big number?
50 million?
Cool.
I'll give that to you so I can give 20 million to me.
And this is pure fraud, but they'll look at you because you're 50.
That's 100% how the NGO stealing works.
And that's 100% why.
You sell to governments.
You sell to businesses.
So we agree that getting a job, unless it's a ridiculously high paying job,
which is extremely rare, is guaranteed slavery forever.
Yeah.
You get a job to pay your rent while you try to figure out the business that you can sell to a business.
Even though it's super high paying employees, employment shifts, I just argue that that's this guy.
And he just only has one customer and that's a business and they pay him, I don't know.
One million a year, three million a year.
Like the CEO of any company is basically this dude with muscles and AI robots.
He just knows he can do things.
He can get things done.
Shareholders are like, we need a person to give loads of money to and we need him to get things done for the company.
And this guy always gets money.
Before we continue, let's just discuss the paradigms that are broken.
Write these down.
Draw them somehow.
The paradigms that are broken.
Draw them.
The I give my time and I save my time via currency in a bank somewhere and that gives me assets or things I need.
That doesn't work.
That's a broken paradigm.
That doesn't work.
We agree that's gone.
Yeah, McDonald's man eventually, eventually, through hard labor and time, able to join the asset class.
That's over.
Yeah, like in the 1950s, 60s.
Yeah, in the 1950s, you could be random job man and eventually, eventually, you will reach it.
I genuinely believe now it's negative.
Even when I started in fast food, I could finance a car that I was slowly paying off and stuff.
So this no longer exists.
I genuinely believe that doesn't exist anymore.
I just think inflation, you're getting too wrecked.
You're getting stolen from too many places.
Taxes, inflation, everything.
You're just, that's not going to work.
He can barely afford food and clothing.
Yes.
He can barely afford food and clothing.
The housing price keeps going up.
So the point you're making about jobs is there's nothing wrong with having a job when you're 16, 17.
You want a job.
A job's good, but it's not how you win.
A job is literally, it buys me time so I can now try to win.
You do your job 40 hours a week, but you have to work 80 hours.
Yes, you have to work 80 hours a week.
Agreed.
The job is, will not give you victory.
You tread water.
The job is treading water.
Yes.
So you don't drown.
Yeah, you tread water so you can swim.
But then you need to find a way to get out of the pool.
Yes, yes.
Okay.
Yeah.
So we agree that having a job is never going to put you in the asset class.
And let's go back another level.
We just said something important there.
We do agree that the way to win, as fucked as this game is, is still assets.
It's still going to be assets.
Once you have assets.
No, no.
That's just an important question.
And then what assets are they?
Because if you were to say to me right now, okay, what have we done?
We've done Middle East property.
We've done tech stock.
And we've done crypto.
Those are all assets.
We've done more than that.
I think once you're at the point of assets, though, you've already won.
Yes.
I think once you can start affording assets.
I think that if you are silly and you make money and you buy a nice big house in Florida,
you're still going to be poor.
I don't think that assets alone are the answer.
I think we have to be very specific.
You need the money, you need the money.
No, but once, if you are able to buy a house in Florida, I think you can't be wagey, man.
Somehow you've made money outside of being a wagey man.
True, but you can fuck up at the next stage of buying the wrong asset.
But then they just make more money.
Yeah.
Assets, but the thing is also assets have diversified.
Because you said the three things we have.
We have other things than that.
We have grand equity.
No, not that.
Domain names were tens of millions.
There's things that you can buy that you couldn't buy 50 years ago.
I think what asset you buy is a game you can afford to fuck up and you want the important
things you need to get to the game where you can even play that game.
Does that make sense?
Like you need the ability to even buy an asset and that's your ticket out.
Assets are how you don't have to be this man forever, right?
The shareholders who hired the CEO, the shareholders aren't this guy with muscles in a robot army.
They're past that now.
They have loads of money and they're buying this guy.
They're giving him money.
He's their asset.
He's their asset.
He's, but once you're at that game where you can buy people who might be able to make
you money, once you can buy homes and things, I think once you're there, you basically already
won.
Okay.
So we agree that the primary objective now is to get assets ASAP because we understand
that assets are going to continue to inflate as the currency deflates and not deflates,
declines in purchasing power.
And that basically because of the way the game is rigged, it is impossible for certain
assets, unless you completely fuck it up, to not continue to raise in price.
I just think we need to be careful when we say assets.
No, you can fuck up the asset game.
You can fuck up the asset game.
Easy.
If you see this guy's smile, he's smiling because if he buys vintage cars or Bitcoin
or domain names or houses or watches, he's made the money where he can make that choice
so he can do it again.
If this fucks up or what this fucks up or whatever fucks up.
If you're the guy who can make money, you can fuck up the asset game a lot of times.
The smile is the key.
You can, you can spin, you can spin a lot and you can take a lot, you can take a lot
of losses learning the asset game.
Okay.
So the asset game is a whole nother conversation.
Yes.
That's a whole nother conversation.
But we're talking about how do you get there.
Yeah.
And we agree that giving up your time for a job and saving up your time.
You'll never get there.
That's true.
You'll never get there.
That's true.
Okay.
And worst case, if you do get there, you get one spin on the wheel.
And that's where if you put, do the wrong asset buy, you're just fucked.
Then if you just buy your house and yeah.
Yeah.
Then you're fucked.
That's, that would be super stressful.
If you do.
Because now the asset game matters.
But if you do manage to do this for 30 years and save up 150 grand, you get one shot.
Yeah.
You get one shot.
You get one shot.
And one roll of the dice.
Yeah.
You don't want the one roll of the dice.
You can't win in the one roll of the dice.
It's true.
It's horrible.
You'll get fucked.
All right.
So then before we've crossed out the guy on the top left, what people are trying to do
and what people understand they need to do.
And we, I had to ask, and I think we do offer a solution for this inside the real world,
is people need to multiply the value of their time.
So people are working a job, getting some money, and then they have to amplify that
money beyond the hours that's gone into that money to make it worth more.
Is that like our trading campus, a few campuses where we're trying to teach people how to
turn money into money?
Yes.
Because if this guy, his 10 hours of work is not good, it's not 10 hours in the bank.
It's two hours in the bank.
How does he turn it into 20 hours in the bank, turning his money into money?
Well, he can, he can, you can do via investing, smart investing.
The crypto campus, nobody who joined the real world five years ago and listened to what
the crypto professor said hasn't 5, 7, 8x there.
They've multiplied it.
But I would argue that you need more than 20 hours.
If you have 10 hours.
Oh no, you need crazy hours.
You need crazy hours.
So even the multiply, I don't think you can multiply, job plus multiply, even then, I think
it's hazy.
So that's an important question.
If you have a normal job and you're saving all your money and then you find a realistic
multiplier, can that outpace taxes, inflation, the capital appreciation of assets?
Is that, is that enough to win or is that still not enough to win?
I'm not sure it's enough to win.
It could be.
I don't know.
It's enough.
It gets hard now.
It's enough to get two rolls of the dice.
It's rough now.
It's enough to be this guy, but you're not smiling or frowning.
You're neutral.
No.
Well, once you get to that point, you're already very good at the asset game.
Because that's someone playing the asset game with very small stakes all the time to
multiply his money.
Yeah.
So if he can do it, he'll be fine.
But I genuinely think 99% of people can't do it.
Okay.
Because, okay, it's like this.
It's risk reward.
If you go crazy with the risk, yeah, you can do it, but then you're going to lose all
your money.
Yeah.
So if you're sensible and you are only making money when the market delivers money, if you're
only taking bets that are actually worth it long-term in place, I'm not 100% sure that
you can get five times multiple.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
You can get a five times multiple once because you were dumb and you won.
Flip this coin.
Oh, it hit tails.
But then also what you're saying about multiples is completely true.
If I say I'm going to give you a piece of rice every day, you know, like I find a way
to multiply my rice.
You're going to be hungry.
Yeah, you're going to be hungry.
I genuinely think you can maybe make it with the asset game.
Maybe.
I don't think you can make it long-term.
Maybe.
Even if you were so good at the asset game that you were able to win that, you might as
well go to other rich people and offer them your service for pay.
And now you're just that muscle guy with that robot army and shit.
It's true.
Yeah.
Now you're him.
I think all roads lead to if you genuinely want to get rich and you're not trying to
rob the government.
If you're like, if you're genuinely trying to get rich, the only way possible is become
the guy that everyone wants to give money to.
Because that's where money wants to go.
Money always wants to go to people who can actually do things in the room.
Like this guy.
Yeah.
Money always goes to that guy.
Okay.
So I'm 18.
I want to make money.
I understand a job is eternal slavery.
Yeah.
So I get a job so that I can tread water.
Yeah.
I joined the real world and we're teaching people how to find arbitrages and find missing
links and finding gap in knowledge or skill or action.
How to get money from businesses and companies.
So they can sell their service.
There's a saying.
To business and government.
There's a saying in telephone sales that you used to tell me when I was 19.
And you told me this.
I don't know.
Probably your boss told you that.
And his boss before him told him that.
And he said, money is like water.
It moves around the world from place to place.
It rarely stays stagnant.
If you stand in the right place at the right time, you'll get wet.
That hasn't changed.
That hasn't changed.
The thieves are spending money.
I'm telling you, those Section 8 guys, they're getting money from someone stealing the money.
Sure.
They're doing everything right.
They're legitimately creating Section 8 buildings.
But the reason that money is going to them is so they can shadow.
So the guy on top handing them the money can shadow in Aikido and steal 10F.
But Muscle Man will always make money.
Yeah.
Because he'll, he'll, he's.
Muscle Man is the CEO.
Shareholders don't want to do the CEO position.
Okay.
Next question.
So where is the world going in the next three years?
In the next three years, what about this diagram changes?
What?
I mean.
Nothing.
I mean, AI gets better.
Yes.
AI gets better.
So a lot of.
Less jobs.
So less ability to tread water.
That's the hardest part.
He loses his hat.
That's the hardest part.
Is that people are not going to be able to tread water.
Okay.
So there's going to be less jobs.
Which means there's going to be more people eating off the government.
Yes.
Which means the guy in the middle who does have a job is going to get fucked even harder.
Yeah.
If the game is impossible.
It's already impossible for him to save to make the.
It's just going to get harder.
The treadmill is going faster.
Right?
The treadmill.
It's just faster.
It's just speeding up.
It's a gun accelerator.
That dude.
I don't know what he's thinking.
I don't know what world he lives in.
And I understand because I actually talk to a lot of these people.
They're working a nine to five.
And they're saying, hey, look, I'm coming home and I'm exhausted.
And it's like genuinely.
My genuine only advice is that you're going to have to figure it out.
Yeah.
My advice to them.
Have a Red Bull.
Personally.
No.
Well, I don't need Red Bull.
But my personal advice to them is to go to bed as soon as you come home from work after
you've eaten shower.
Wake up early.
Yeah.
Because that early time, you have the most energy.
Yeah.
Spend that trying to become the man with muscles.
Yeah.
And then hit the gym and then go to your job and then just, that's your day.
Your day is four hours from, I don't know, 5 a.m. to 9 a.m. or 4 a.m. to 8 a.m.
That's your life and that's your only way out.
Because treadmill man is never going to make it.
You can't.
There's no nine to five.
Walk on this treadmill.
Get assets.
That's gone.
Yeah.
That's not real.
The treadmills at the gym are full.
Yeah.
You can't even.
You just have to stand there.
The treadmills are accelerated.
You can't do the nine to, you probably need a nine to five to tread water and survive.
Probably.
Or maybe eat off the government.
Yeah.
Put it down there.
Maybe eat off the government, but you're going to have to become muscle man.
I genuinely don't know how you win other than become the guy that businesses want to
give money to.
I genuinely don't know any other way.
It's just a competition.
Raw competition.
And let me tell you, when we're trying to guess how the world's going in three years,
four years, et cetera, I do know this.
Because four years ago, neither of us would have predicted the AI revolution five years
ago.
But whatever the next thing is, we're going to have the cutting edge guy.
We'll be first.
We're going to have the cutting edge guy teaching whatever the next thing is in four years.
Yeah, 100%.
And I'm going to play this clip back to myself and be like, oh, it turns out turbo cold
fusion space dildos were the way.
Well, here's our turbo.
We were the very first people actually teaching AI, but not on the, oh, this I use to make
cool pic.
No, like actually like here, this AI now has increased your workflow and your output by
like 20%.
Yeah.
Here's a business blueprint.
Like it's actually, yes, yes.
We were the first people.
Here's a business blueprint and here's how you can use AI to genuinely increase your output.
We're the only guys who do that.
Yeah.
This is dead.
Yeah.
That's dead.
And getting worse.
Traditional education's dead?
Traditional education's dead.
Yes.
Let's do a drawing on that.
Yeah.
Traditional education's dead.
Only doctors and a few other things.
Nah, nah, bro.
So many of them are dead.
Oh yeah.
So many of them are dead.
Doctors.
Yeah.
So many of them are dead because the problem with doctors and the problem with lawyers,
the problem with a lot, lawyers are okay because they have, if you have to speak in court,
cool.
Yeah.
If you have to speak in court, that's different.
But if you're pure knowledge, man, the problem with AI is AI is going to beat you on knowledge.
100%.
So doctors, if your hands, the best way I can describe it is if you're tools.
Yeah.
If you are a tool, if you are a very specialized tool, you're going to get replaced by AI.
Yeah.
Like the owner of the hospital who makes sure the hospital functions, that person will always
have a job.
Yeah.
Because they have to actually, the owner of the hospital, he's going to realize when AI
can replace that doctor.
I mean, sometimes that doctor fucks up.
Yeah.
That doctor has risk.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That doctor might do malpractice.
That doctor has emotions and feelings.
He might be bad for the hospital functioning and the hospital owner who's going to make
that hospital keep making money.
He's going to replace that dude with AI doctors.
I'd actually be super careful about doctors.
I'm not sure about doctors.
So traditional education is over.
Because traditional education makes tools.
The idea is that we will give you knowledge and then you're going to be hired by this company
and you're going to do some menial labor that requires this knowledge.
Like if you do not, AI has made it so essentially, if you don't have agency, you're screwed.
Yeah.
You can't turn your brain off and be like, okay, well, I'll just do what boss tells me.
If that's you, AI is coming for you.
Yeah.
A hundred percent.
If you're thinking, oh, I'll just do what they tell me to do, you're done.
Yeah.
Because the one thing AI can't do very well, and I'm not sure if it'll ever be able to do,
AI can't really say like, okay, how do we actually move the needle?
Yeah.
Those ideas, right?
AI, knowing how to use AI is like, cool.
That doesn't really matter.
The important skill is, do you know how to use AI to reach a certain result?
And then can you convince someone that you can do it?
And can you convince somebody you can do it?
So much sales is going to stay around.
Yeah.
Because ChatGPT exists.
Everyone knows ChatGPT exists.
Yes.
You have to be the guy who says, hi, business.
Do you know how to make money from ChatGPT?
Yes.
I can use ChatGPT to move your needle.
Yes, exactly.
And they'll always give you money.
I know.
You pay me X, I'll give you Y.
Yep.
You'll get more than you pay me.
Yep.
All you have to do is pay me.
They'll always give you money.
They'll always give you money.
And another beautiful thing about business, businesses are super, they're willing to do
risk.
They have no problem with risk.
Businessmen, if they're successful, they've taken Alice.
Yeah.
They've gone in adventures and lost.
Yeah.
And if you come to them and they think there's a chance you might revolutionize their business,
they'll send you the $10,000.
100%.
No problem.
They'll see in three months if it paid off.
And if it didn't, they'll fire you.
No problem.
Yeah.
But boom, that's $30,000 that you got.
So this makes it clear that jobs don't work.
Traditional education, because it is so slow, is a waste of time.
Yep.
Four years learning things from old books.
It's too slow and it doesn't teach you agency.
And it puts you in debt.
Yeah.
And it puts you in debt.
It's the worst option.
Yeah.
It's the worst.
100% the worst.
That means the only real alternative is what, I mean, this is basically entrepreneurship.
Yeah.
It's the only way.
The only way is to become an entrepreneur.
But to be honest, I think that's the way the world's always functioned.
I think the guys who move the world have always been the ones who get rich.
And the only thing that's changing is usually the guy who moved the world needed a bunch
of people, cheap people, to be able to do his work, right?
A general needed soldiers.
Yeah.
Now I think that they can just use AI soldiers.
So it's like, well, I just need the, I just need the general.
I need AI for all the grunt work.
And then I need some level of intelligence and agency for the captains, lieutenants.
And eventually those guys might even go away.
I have so much faith in the real world that I know muscle.
I genuinely muscle man is the only way to make it.
Muscle man, since the beginning of human time, money has always flown to the productive.
And as much as all this stealing exists, and I do believe it exists, if the stealing ever
makes it so that money stops flowing to the productive, but the money system will just
completely change.
It's just going to change.
The worst part about muscle man being the only way out is that actually it's hard.
The average man needs to forget this idea that he can stay average and win.
Because you can't.
It's just, I'm sorry, but you can't.
The games, I have one student who say, isn't it a bit dystopian that I have to be able to
use AI?
I have to be able to outcompete?
I'm tired of this hustle culture.
Isn't it dystopian?
And I'm like, maybe, maybe it is, but to be honest, I actually think historically men
always had a burden to perform.
Like, okay, let's just say that World War II.
I think, if you're an average dude, you're dead.
That's rough.
Like, there's always been this culling force forever, especially for men.
There's always been this burden of performance.
I just think this is the new one.
You can't be a tool.
If you don't want to use your brain, you're going to get replaced by AI.
If you don't have ambition and wants and needs, you're going to be replaced by AI.
Actually, that's why nihilism is probably part of this perfect storm Tristan was talking
about.
Because if you don't have ambition, if you don't have, I want to get this result, if
you just say, I don't care, I just want to get paid, then you're not thinking, you're
not using your brain, and now you're basically AI.
And AI is cheaper, makes less mistakes, and probably is more skilled and more knowledgeable
than you.
It's just the way it is.
AI is getting better.
The only advantage humans have over AI is agency.
It's the idea a human can sit down and be like, hmm, I want to get that result.
Not someone told me I should want to get this result.
It's being able to even come up with the aspiration and idea that I want to do this.
AI can't do that.
AI, at least from what I know, AI does requests.
Yeah.
But who came up with the requests?
That, I think, is going to be the differentiator.
The reason we teach our students AI is because they can be generals and say that, hmm, we need
to get this done for this company.
And then, boom, he has soldiers to do it now.
He can stay the idea man.
Because the idea man is what has value.
When you go to a company and you say, hey, look, you're losing a lot of money by not doing
this and I can do all of this for you and it'll make you this much money.
If you convince a country that, hey, look, I'm a general or Christopher Columbus, I don't
know, Cortez.
Hello.
Give me money.
I've got this idea.
I've got the manpower and we're going to go conquer South America.
Those dudes are always going to get the money.
So am I, is this correct?
With the little pyramid, maybe I'm wrong.
Is this correct?
We have the pyramid.
Pyramid.
We have the thieves.
Yeah.
Thieves at the very, thieves can be at the very top.
You know what?
They might be at the top of the pyramid.
Then we have the business owners.
Yep.
And we've got people in the middle getting wrecked.
Yep.
So we've got thieves.
We've got Monopoly.
Yep.
We've wrecked.
Yeah.
We've got the geese who are getting Vermeese.
And we have the munchers.
Munchers who just steal.
Bottom feeders, yeah.
They just survive and don't care and have no ambition.
So am I right in believing that basically, and it's always been this way, but the reason
that the reason there is no chance of ever getting anywhere as the average man is because
previously in the old pyramid, not too long ago, 10, 20 years ago, the munchers were such
a smaller percentage, percentile, and the thieves were such a smaller percentile that
the wrecked had a much, they got to keep a lot more of their own money.
Is that basically what's happened, that the thieves and the munchers are stealing so much
from the wrecked now that they don't stand a chance of ever getting anywhere?
The people who, the average man with an average job used to be able to save up and buy assets.
Yes.
Now he can't because he has to pay for all the thievery and all the people refusing to
work.
Yeah.
That's basically why.
I mean, the only people on the planet, like you said, the muscle men, the only people on
the planet who stand a chance of escaping from ground zero are the people who have agency
and their own company of some kind.
Yes.
And those are the only ones that stand a chance.
Yes.
But being down here sucks.
Yeah.
You don't want to be a muncher.
No.
It's not a good life to live on food stamps.
You're a victim.
You're completely in no control of your life.
You don't want to live on food stamps.
But there's so many million of you, you wrecked people in the middle.
Yeah.
You don't want to be trying to keep up the whole ship getting completely tax raped.
And you're not going to be able to steal from an NGO very easily.
No.
That's kind of luck.
Yeah.
That's political.
That's lucky.
Who gave the treading water analogy earlier?
Me.
You gave the treading water analogy earlier.
We think of it as a swimming pool.
And the more shallow you are, the more comfortable you are, right?
People in the middle used to have this much of the pool where they're getting fucked and
they have to tread water harder to where they can bounce up and down and touch the bottom
a bit to when they can kind of stand comfortably, et cetera, et cetera.
However, now there are people here on giant yachts taking up all the space at the top,
right?
And there are people here on free dinghies taking up all the space at the bottom.
So the people who have the fucking, they're all drowning here.
And there's no more space in the pool to get to anywhere else.
The average man, the average man used to have a chance.
And the reason he doesn't simply is because he is being robbed by thieves at the top and
thieves at the bottom.
He's also been out-competed by robots, which isn't even good.
And then the people, well, no, I wouldn't say he's being out-competed by robots.
What's happening is this, because these people getting wrecked work for the monopoly people.
Yeah, they do.
And the monopoly people are, because they're naturally industrious, trying to win.
Yes.
And when you're trying to win, you're going to look for every single weapon that allows
you to win.
And you're going to replace the man who's...
Yeah, the tool man.
The tool man who there's a better tool.
If there's a better tool, if you've got a better screwdriver, you're not going to buy
the new screwdriver?
We've put AI throughout our entire store.
100%.
Every place.
We've fired staff.
If we can use AI, we use AI.
Yeah.
It's just, we want the best for our students.
Yeah.
AI helps students success more.
Yeah.
Why would we not use it?
It's nothing personal.
It's nothing personal against humans.
It's purely, hey, look, we've got a responsibility to our students to make them as successful as
humanly possible.
Yeah.
It would be, I would be damning hundreds of thousands of people just to be able to give
you money instead of doing this better solution than you.
Yeah.
It's nothing personal at all.
It's the lives of hundreds of thousands for the life of one.
That's what the wreck don't realize.
Not only are they getting wrecked by taxes, inflation, not only that, it's that once you
are not actually the better solution for the monopoly people, they're just going to
do the better option.
So yeah.
That's why they're monopoly people.
So the only objective is to become one of these people.
Yes.
That's the only real objective.
That's the only real objective besides stumbling into an NGO.
You're born into the NGO stuff.
If you're some, that's, that's bloodline.
Somehow your dad or your granddad somehow got into politics.
That's, you can't force that.
You can't come from nothing and become that.
The beautiful thing about the internet though, which is why I think that actually people live
in the best time ever.
It sucks because it's super competitive.
But the reason it's super competitive is because anyone can compete now.
Yeah.
If you have the internet, you can compete at some level.
I've even got students, right?
You might be a student in, I don't know, Lebanon.
You can actually, if you can learn to speak good English and you don't have to speak good
English.
If you can type good English, you can go to American companies and say, Hey, look, I'm
going to do all this for your company.
Maybe content creation.
I'm going to create all this new stuff.
I'm going to manage your social media.
I'm going to do this.
I'm going to do that.
I'm going to have AI chatbots.
Do this.
You can make money as a Lebanese and make American money or make Western money.
So let's get rid of the word monopoly because this is the only class that can win.
Yes.
And let's call them industrious.
Yeah.
It's the industrious.
It's the, it's the, I'd almost call it's the people with agency.
It's the people who look for problems in the world and say, look, I will solve your problems
for money.
And when they say that, they're very convincing.
I want you to imagine if a dude came to us and say, Hey, Hey guys, look, you know, dying,
I can get rid of that for you.
I just want some money.
Yeah.
If, if you genuinely, if we genuinely believe him, okay, you're actually going to give us
immortality and we genuinely in our hearts believe him.
He's getting the money.
Yeah, of course.
Problem solvers get the money.
They get the money.
What better use of money is it to spend it and solve your problems?
Another question.
We used to, like I said, people believe we lived in a consumer capitalist society.
And then I believe we lived in a financialized capital society.
Which we, we still kind of do because asset prices do go up.
Yeah.
But there's just so much stealing going on.
And so many people at the bottom, it's all a fucking shit show.
And I don't think many people at home who have a job actually sit and consider that
they are the minority in many ways in regards to, they don't, they think, Oh, yeah, they
think most people are, everyone does this.
Yeah.
No, no, no, they're wrong.
Most people are either living for free off the government or stealing from the government.
Yep.
But very few people are actually out there being a fucking dummy.
But I used to also think that we lived in an attention economy, but I have a feeling
that that's going to change and phase.
So what have we noticed and realized across the next three or four years, even us, and
we're qualified to talk about this as famous people.
Yeah.
We're super famous.
Who managed to get.
How much attention is AI stealing?
How many human minutes are being stolen by AI?
People used to watch me say, breathe air.
Yeah.
Now they watch a hippo fight a lion and it's not even a real video.
So my question is how many thousand million minutes of watch time are being stolen from
people who are trying to get attention from the world and given to an algorithm which is
being trained to steal more attention?
You could say the average person has X amount of money.
So if you're a businessman, you need to take some of it.
An average person has X amount of doom scrolling out.
Yeah.
Attention.
Let's say one.
Two.
I think AI is now stealing 25% of it already.
It is.
I found myself the other day watching a video of which bedsheets would you use?
Lava, thorns, and I was like, Tristan, Tristan, Tristan, our students do this.
Yeah.
Because they make money.
I watched a real world students video probably and I was like, this is it.
So what do our students, what do our students do?
Our students know how to make AI, use AI to make really addictive content.
Yes.
And how they choose to use that, there's many different ways.
So a lot of them use it in e-commerce to sell, to try and sell you products.
Some of them just use it purely because YouTube will give them paid ads.
Pure advertising revenue.
You watch something, you watch an advertisement on that YouTube video, that advertiser, they
can give them, and YouTube obviously is cracking down on the AI stuff, but at what point is
it not AI?
How much human, how much human do you need in it?
Yeah.
How much, what's custom, what's just.
You can walk the line.
There's always a line.
There is a market for content and AI, like everything, AI is making it easier to make content.
Again, for me to go globally famous and get all of the world's attention.
Yeah.
I had to do X, Y, and Z.
Yes.
And be entertaining.
Yes.
And say certain things, et cetera.
But now any shit muncher can make lava sheets.
Yeah.
Or thorns sheets.
And you know what?
Or a couple of moons in half.
Yes.
And just get attention.
And you know what?
You've seen that one, eh?
Good one.
Certainly have.
Yeah.
All those things.
And those are actually, guys, those guys are pros.
They know exactly what to do because this is marketing.
It's what we teach.
A lot of them learn from us.
E-commerce, yeah, it's literally what we teach.
You make it as addicting as possible within the first half a second because you need attention.
Every business needs attention at some level.
You need it.
People.
So not only is AI, AI is stealing a huge percentage of the world's attention.
Attention economy, yeah.
But that AI is run by muscle men.
The guy who made that moon cutting video, I know we don't think of him, but he's a guy
with the muscle.
That's just his robot army that let him make that.
You're right.
He's a muscle man.
He's a guy.
You're right.
I don't know exactly what he's going for with the moon cutting, but I guarantee you
he's making money.
That's why he makes them.
And he makes them as addicting as possible.
There's a reason.
It's like, I don't know.
I can't go through all the psychological reasons off the top of my head.
Yeah.
Well, I spoke to a pretty girl the other day who sells naked pictures.
That's her job, as we know.
Loads of girls do this.
Nice.
And she was like, I was saying, yeah, AI, I know what I teach in my school.
AI is not just stealing the attention of everybody scrolling YouTube.
Everyone's scrolling YouTube.
No, everywhere.
AI is going to steal all the attention from you.
And she said something to me that made me understand that most people don't understand the world
and why much is changing.
She's like, yeah, but there'll always be a way to tell if it's a real girl or it's AI.
And I said, here's your problem.
People don't care.
People don't care.
The AI digital image and you are just the same to the man on his phone 10,000 miles away.
Yeah.
He can't touch you.
He can't kiss you.
He can't smell you.
He can't see you.
They don't care.
They don't care.
People don't care.
And I only cared.
I was watching lava sheets instead of a real sheet made out of lava because I know the framose.
But nobody cares.
Everyone's happy to spend their attention on AI.
So why not learn from the best inside the real world and start pumping this stuff out your damn self?
Because the world doesn't give a shit if it's AI or it's not.
I saw something about AI music.
Yep.
Have you seen it?
Yep.
Aren't they winning a bunch of rewards and shit?
No.
So like us as native English speakers can tell when music's just pure AI slot.
You can type in like happy music or happy songs.
And it's just like la la and the sunshine and it's pure AI.
We as native English speakers have noticed it.
But I've seen four or five different people say if you go to Thailand or Latin America anywhere,
it's all just AI music slot and they can't even tell that it's not a single.
You know what this reminds me of?
If you make me AI Mexican or mariachi bands, I wouldn't know.
Guys, AI callers, they make them have an accent.
Because when they have an accent, as an English speaker, although they're speaking English,
because they have an accent, you're much less likely to detect that they're actually AI.
So instead of, hello, I'm here to help you with your problems.
Hello, I'm here to help you with your problems.
Wait, this guy's just Indian.
Yeah.
When it comes down to making AI realistic,
you want to actually make it something that the other person doesn't expect to understand.
But these things, people don't realize the game, the levels to the game.
They don't get it.
So the attention economy is wrecked.
Yeah, it's just...
The only way to be safe or to win, and it's always kind of been this way,
but I...
Has it always been that bad?
It's always been this way.
You just need assets?
It's always been this way.
The farmers have always...
The farmer who used the farming tool, he beat all the other farmers.
AI is no different than the farming tool.
No different than the combine harvester.
Yeah.
It's like...
Or the gunpowder.
Yeah, or the gunpowder.
It's like, cool.
Oh, you really hate that you have to use gunpowder because you think it's dishonorable.
Cool.
You're going to lose the war.
Yeah.
Sorry.
When you watch these spikes of money being made, so let's say NFTs, they don't exist
anymore, right?
NFT was a money spike.
It's the old tulip analogy from the Netherlands.
Tulips were a spike.
NFTs were a spike.
Mean coins were a spike that happened for a while, and lots of people made millions of
dollars.
The problem is, at any single point, if one of these people with $3 million worth of monkey
NFT memes had just sold $2 million worth and bought four apartments in Dubai,
he'd be fine now.
Yeah.
Real assets do matter.
And people sometimes drink the Kool-Aid a little bit too much into thinking that they
don't.
Oh, well, this is a digital asset, and blah, blah, blah, my NFT.
No.
It could all blow up.
But if you own four apartments in Dubai and you rent three out, you could make $7,000 or
$8,000 a month for the rest of your life.
Now, that's not game-changing to these people, so they avoid doing it.
But real-world assets, the guy's always going to have a smile on his face.
Last question, then.
Last thing, because we're talking about assets.
But this man, in and of himself, has assets.
He buys assets, but the money he's getting.
No.
I mean, he is an asset.
Oh, he is an asset.
Yeah.
He is an asset.
So what's...
Obviously, it's agency.
It's obviously the ability to take action.
It's obviously being able to identify the arbitrage and sell his access to something that other
people don't have.
Yeah.
I'm just trying to...
You know what I'd say his assets, his greatest assets are?
Is that he's trustworthy, hardworking, and convincing.
Yeah.
I was going to say determined, but hardworking is the same.
Those three things.
If the person trusts you, if the person sees that you're hardworking, and you convince
them it's going to work, they'll probably give you money.
It sounds like, oh, that's it?
No, that's really it.
Yeah.
Genuinely, if someone came to us and said, look, I can solve this problem for this amount
of money, and we genuinely believed him.
We pay him.
He's got money.
We do do that.
He's got money.
Yeah.
That's how he hired.
That's what every person does, because that person, if the problem he can solve is probably
worth more than any house.
Yeah.
If you're a useful person, in fact, it almost makes me think that, to be honest, the world's
not changed very much.
It's just humans are getting more useful, so you need less of them.
So, there's more useless people, and useless people just end up being munchers.
The problem with the middle, outside of them getting raped by taxes and inflation and all
these things, the worst part of the guys in the middle is that they think that they're
needed by the world, and they are for now, but slowly but surely, that is going away.
Slowly but surely, the standard of performance you need to be able to put onto the table is
increasing.
The bar is rising, and everyone under it's a muncher, and I don't know what the world's
going to look like with all these munchers, because, look, AI's getting good.
Yeah.
Well, you said the world's changed.
The world stays the same, and you're right, because this has happened many, many times.
Agricultural industrialization.
100%.
All the people who plow the fields...
They lost their jobs.
Then it's one guy who can use a tractor.
Yep.
Then it's welders and auto-machine factories.
Okay, I'm welding the cart.
You're a welder.
Of course you need it.
Yep.
Until robots start doing the welding.
Then you need one guy who knows welding to work with robots.
Yep.
So, it's actually happened loads of times.
This isn't some dynamic shift, this period.
I don't think it's new.
It's just a...
This is...
It's slowly been doing this in big jumps as things have changed.
As history has ever been on now.
And now we're sitting here like it's fucked.
And in four years' time, these lines are going to be fucking here and here.
Yeah.
We don't know what's going to fill these gaps.
Or take away from this.
I think from the wrecked, some of them are going to jump to the industrious.
Yes.
And the rest of them are going to fall to the munchers.
That's going to be it.
You're going to have industrious, munchers, and thieves.
And I think thieves might get flipped.
The problem with thieves at the very top is as soon as thieves destroy the industrious,
I genuinely think the whole thing just collapses and thieves disappear, basically.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Something happens with money.
But that's what I think.
The wrecked now have a choice.
I either continue to just drink the copium because I don't know what they think.
Maybe the wrecked think that one day they're going to get a house and it'll be fine and
their asset price.
I don't know what their brain thought, their thought is.
That's the matrix.
Maybe they believe that, no, don't worry, the treadmill's not going to eat me.
I'm going to be able to keep up with it if I just keep my 9 to 5.
I don't know what they're thinking.
But I genuinely believe the wrecked aren't going to be...
It's either going to go industrious and munchers.
And the problem with the thieves at the top and the munchers is the industrious are able
to move.
That's a problem for munchers and thieves to worry about.
So that the industrious can leave.
So in the wrecked right now, if there's 10 people in the wrecked category...
Five, nine...
Three are going to go up.
Yeah.
Seven...
And the difference of who's going to go up and who's going to go down actually is based
on who believes in the slave programming.
Yeah.
Who listens to Andrew's We Can Escape the Matrix stuff is the three who are going to move
to the industrious.
Yeah.
And the seven who think, well, why just go to university and get a good job and believe
the matrix mindset programming are going to end up in the munchers.
One thing's certain, anyone who doesn't want to go to the industrious will not go to the
industrious.
Facts.
So they're gambling that wrecked is going to keep them as a home and they're not going
to end up in munchers.
I think, I don't know how they can sleep at night thinking about, oh, I'm not going to
go to muncher land.
I think they're probably going to muncher land.
But maybe everyone who's trying to go industrious doesn't go to industrious.
I'm not saying it's 100% shock from wreck to industrious.
But I do know if you don't try, it's a 0% chance and you go straight to managers.
What's the best business to open today?
Online business.
Online business.
And then it's going to be-
Arbitrage businesses.
Arbitrage businesses.
Build a bridge.
Things where you are bringing value to companies, work that they don't want to do or can't find
competent people to do.
Section 8 guy, that's actually very smart.
Selling to the government.
That's really smart.
I never thought about that.
That's really smart.
That's really smart.
And again, he's using a bunch of tools, which are probably the immigrants that they bring
in or whatever construction workers.
And if AI could do that, he'd use AI.
Those people only have a job.
They're only in the wreck category.
And so to be honest, some might not even be wrecked.
They might even pay taxes.
I don't know.
But the job you want is online because all the money is online.
In conclusion, we keep everyone up to speed with all of this.
Yeah, we do.
This is what we preach.
Yeah, because we allow people to make money online.
Yeah.
And a lot of these things we're talking about, your geographical location either amplifies
the problem or amplifies the solution.
Yeah.
Being in Dubai amplifies the solution because you don't pay taxes.
Yes.
You're not paying for a bunch of munchers.
Yes.
To be honest, if you're in Dubai, you're not on a treadmill, which is nice.
Yeah.
That's nice to not be on a really fast treadmill.
Your country's tax-coated.
If you're in Dubai with a half good job, not paying taxes, you can get an off-plan house.
Yeah.
You can actually do it.
You can try.
This is one of the last social contracts that's functioning.
Yeah.
Whereas in the West, it's not functioning at all.
That's the problem.
The treadmill's too fast.
Yeah.
So where you actually live makes a massive difference for all of this, of course.
Massive difference.
And I guess the final question is, what is the West's plan, the Western world?
Do they have any plan to fix any of this?
Or is it just going to continue to be a few people get richer and richer and richer and
most people end up being munchers?
If I'm being honest, I just think the thieves don't care.
The thieves don't care.
I think the thieves are happy.
Of course.
So they're chill.
And if the industrious are chill too, I think it's just going to continue to go.
And I don't think the industrious are angry.
Yeah.
I don't see like Amazon thinking I should leave the USA.
Of course not.
I don't see.
Look, some companies, I don't know which countries are able to hold their industrious.
I don't know if Germany has problems.
I don't know if France is.
I have no clue.
Yeah.
But if you keep the thieves and the industrious happy, I think you're, and you keep the munchers
happy by just feeding them money for free and letting them live off the, I think they're
relatively not going to, they don't care is the best way to describe it.
I think they don't think about the future and, hmm, could my country really just run of thieves,
a few industrious, and a bunch of munchers.
And force stealing, yeah.
Yeah.
I don't, I don't think they think that far.
Three years ago, a person once said on the internet, it's going to be the have-nots and
the have-yachts.
Yeah, he was right.
And now we're, we're much closer.
There are a lot more have-nots.
It's getting closer, yeah.
And there are a lot more have-yachts.
Yeah.
Yachts.
Yeah.
The gap's just closing until it's a finite line of one person in the middle.
The wrecked have a choice of either joining the industrious or joining the munchers.
I don't believe the wrecked are just going to exist as the wrecked.
And it's not going to be fast.
I'm not saying this is overnight.
It's going to be like 20 years, 30 years.
I don't know.
In fact, given the speed of AI, I actually truly don't know.
We'll see how fast they can develop this shit.
We've offered a way out for people where they don't need to risk huge sums of money.
Exactly.
Which is important because you don't have dice to play with.
That's right.
So traditionally, most, besides our school, the real world, people with jobs or on the
treadmill or whatever with education, they're just risking all their money and meme coins
and bullshit.
They're risking all of their money.
I think there's two...
We're saying to them, you don't have to risk your money.
You can dedicate some time and we'll give you another way out.
Time and energy.
Is there any other platform or...
No.
Is there any other way you can put your time and energy into something besides our school
and get a way out?
If there was a better solution, we'd out-compete them and we'd become the better solution.
We don't lose.
Well, this is the funny thing.
We don't lose.
We've now been around for five plus years going stronger and stronger.
Yes.
I believe as these matrix attacks dry up, as these reputational attacks dry up, I genuinely
believe, and you can call me crazy, that if we talk again in 365 days' time, the real world,
university.com, is going to be much more, in a lot of official capacities, the bedrock
of some kind of new educational system.
I believe that.
We are about to have a hero's year ourselves.
What people don't understand about the real world is that we've been in the game of making
students successful for so long.
I genuinely don't think anyone else has put in the amount of time and energy into the idea
of, I'm going to make these people successful.
Universities, from my understanding, they don't think that at all.
No.
There's no professor at a university who thinks and sits there and does a lecture and says,
I need these kids once they graduate to live good lives.
No.
Most of them, the way I understand university, is that they're paid, they're paid, they get
grants, they're doing research, the teachings aside.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, they get what?
Oh yeah, they get grants.
They get what?
Grants.
So what did the uni do?
Yeah.
They get grants.
They're stealing.
Yeah, yeah.
Grants.
They're a bunch of thieves.
They get billions of dollars.
They're not in the business to make their students successful.
And they're stealing the time from the industrious, because very smart people at university
will fucking file patents and make chemical breakthroughs that belong to the university,
because they're students.
No, traditional education is just stealing everyone's money.
And time.
And stealing money from the government.
It's all just stealing.
They're not in the business of making the people as successful as possible.
That's not, that's not, like genuinely, if anyone's in university, they can tell me
I'm wrong.
Go look at your professor and ask, does he think about me at night and my future employment
prospects and how I'm going to out-compete AI?
Does that guy think, no, he probably just wants you to learn calculus.
And that's fine, but that's not competitive.
That's not competitive in the world of making people, that's what education is, right?
And people forget what education is.
Education is the ability to give young people the ability to be competitive in the modern world.
That's what it is.
And once you get sidetracked and you think education is the idea of I implant as I teach
people calculus, it's like, well, does calculus make them more competitive?
There's a step after it, which has to be bridged.
And I don't, I think university has completely forgotten that.
I think university sits down and thinks we need these people to do good on these tests.
And it's like, cool.
Is there a relationship between doing good on those tests and making loads of money and
living a good life?
I'd argue that relationship's been decaying and is broken.
And that's why they're just not competitive.
We have no competitor in the education space.
Anyone who's ever tried, they simply don't have the experience.
They've not been doing it for so long.
They don't have the team.
They don't have the resources, the real world.
So we are the only education.
Yeah, we're the only one.
Make some space.
Because we're muscle men.
Because we're a group of muscle men.
And it's like, if anyone were to even, if I, look, genuinely.
If there was an inkling, if there was a smell of someone who did something good for their
students, if they were a good education program, we'd just do it.
We'd just copy it.
Let's say times 18.
We'd do it 100%.
There's no way we're going to let some other education platform beat us.
So we're the only place where you can go and dedicate time and energy and escape the
matrix.
We're the best place.
100%.
We're the best place.
I don't know if it's the only, but we're absolutely the best.
Traditional education doesn't work.
And the only other way, really, to escape the matrix, besides dedicating time and energy
to us, is to gamble all of your money and hope you have some luck.
Yeah.
And allow you to just gamble your way out.
0.1% chance you somehow make it.
And to be honest, the worst.
It's a gambling economy now.
Yeah.
You have to gamble your way out.
The worst part about the gamblers is that even if they make that gamble and they get 10M,
the problem is they'll lose it all.
Because the same mentality that got them a chance to win is the same mentality that's
going to guarantee they lose it all.
It's the same example.
They will have to do a miracle, which is be such an idiot to take a 99% chance of absolute
loss forever.
Forever game over.
It's like 99% chance I die.
1% chance I get 10 million.
You'd have to be an idiot to take that gamble.
So, the ones who do take it and win, the survivors, are idiots.
And now they're going to lose the 10M.
So, are we the economy now?
And the reason I'm asking that is because we're so massively successful.
We're the largest online school in the world.
Are we the economy?
Because primarily, not too long ago, the economy was I put my time and energy into my job.
I get assets.
Or I put my time and energy into traditional education.
I get a degree, which allows me to earn money.
You get assets.
Both of them have failed.
We are now.
You put time and energy into our school.
We'll teach you how to, via arbitrage, be industrious, and make enough money to outpace
the wrecking so you can get assets so you can survive.
Are we the only outlet for time and energy now that makes sense?
Yes.
For a young man in the English-speaking world, or basically anywhere on the planet, who
wants to put time and energy into something so that he can escape the matrix, are we the
last option?
I genuinely don't know anything else that is as accessible.
Maybe if someone could go get a private mentorship from Elon Musk, cool.
That's a good outlet.
Good answer.
Cool.
You can get a private mentorship from Jeff Bezos himself.
If Jeff Bezos cares if you're going to make it, that's probably better than the real world.
Right?
If Jeff Bezos says, I care and I'm dedicating my entire life to making this kid make it, cool.
If they've got access to that, maybe they've got an industrious follow-up.
But for everyone else, I don't know who cares about them.
That's the problem.
It's truly just a game of caring.
The real world is built off the idea that we only succeed by making our students successful.
We care about making our students successful.
That's our simple incentive.
That's the goal.
That's what we care about.
That's what we think about.
The problem with the world today, and what I feel for most young men, I feel for them.
I don't know who else cares about them winning.
I don't think the government cares about them winning anymore.
Because I don't think the government needs them.
They're thieves at the top.
They've figured out how to work without the industrious.
And in fact, I'd argue that most politicians, I think they completely misunderstood and don't realize that their entire country is built on the industrious.
I'm not sure they get that.
I think they've forgotten that.
So I don't know who else cares.
Again, the calculus teacher, the problem with the calculus teacher, I'm not saying that he doesn't care about his students.
But I think he cares about his students learning calculus.
Not winning at life.
Not winning at life.
And those are two completely different goals.
That's the problem with the calculus teacher.
I actually believe most teachers, they probably do care somewhat about their students.
University professors, not sure.
Because the problem with university professors, they care about their research and the paycheck.
The parents don't care?
The problem with the parents, I do think, care, but they just might not have the ability.
They just might not have the competency.
I'm sure there's parents who wish.
But the parents care and they're saying, well, I'll just follow the government.
That's the problem.
And women don't care because women just share the men at the top who already want.
Yeah.
So, that's what the real world truly is.
If I had to say what the real world's number one cutting edge thing is, is that we are a bunch of very, very competent people.
And it's not just us three sitting at this table.
There's hundreds of people, men, sitting down from top to very bottom.
The whole stack.
Not even including the community.
Who are like, I care if this guy makes it.
I care.
I'm going to spend my time and energy to make him successful.
I don't know where else you get that.
In fact, we're the only place you can get it.
I genuinely, I don't know.
It's the only place where you're going to have people who are genuinely invested in you as a human.
Yes.
Being successful in life.
Being successful in life.
Wanting you to do your best.
Wanting you to tell everyone we're the reason you did your best.
We understand the playing field.
We understand how difficult it is.
And truthfully, in many ways, we're perfectly positioned, not because we've built something so fantastic.
That's part of it.
But the other half of it is the rest of the world is imploding.
It's crumbling.
The rest of the world is imploding.
It's crumbling.
You can't escape the matrix of the job.
You cannot escape the matrix of traditional education anymore.
Even the attention economy is getting wrecked.
You can't even just become famous and make some money.
Even that's disappearing.
The number of people I know who are famous, who are household names, that have no money.
Bro, being famous is the worst background.
It doesn't work anymore.
Because now you can't even tread water.
Yeah, you can't.
Nobody can't.
Being famous isn't the move.
It doesn't matter.
So, we found the niche and we're training the people who want to win how to be it.
Yes.
What's interesting about the world now, and it's something I've noticed across the last few years,
I've been talking motivational content for a very long time and teaching people how to, you know, get up and work hard.
And I feel like a lot of people have made their beds and decided now.
Something's changed in the ether.
It's difficult to motivate people like before because you're either the kind of person who knows they want to win by now,
or it's just accepted that they're going to lose.
I feel like people have chosen a side and they're laying in their bed.
That is what it is.
And all the people who know they want to win are inside of our school.
And that's why it's such a fantastic community.
That's why even the energy inside of the school is so deep.
And the people who are sitting at home complaining and crying, they've just accepted they're permanently going to lose.
And this, like you said three years ago, have-nots and have-yots.
We're now at a stage where there's people who are going to try and people who are not going to try.
That's the world we now live.
And it's important for us to obviously stay ahead and make sure that we're cutting edge.
We update our curriculum at 8 a.m. every single morning.
But, and I don't state this from hubris, I don't see a competitor to us because I don't see an alternative for young men besides our school.
I don't see any other way out of the matrix besides what we teach.
I don't know any of them.
If there was a better way, we teach it.
That's literally what we do every day.
How do we make these students successful?
Well, let's have a fantastic 2026.
Yeah, we will.
And we'll make more and more millionaires.
Yeah, we'll make more students.
There's nothing that makes me feel better inside than having a student message me saying,
Hey, Luke, look, you've really, really changed my life.
Thank you.
There's no better, there's no better dopamine rush.
You know, most people are addicted to video games or whatever.
I'm addicted to those messages.
And I don't even like the messages when it's a long-term student anymore.
Long-term students, you've been around for three years, bro.
You were guaranteed to win.
I like the ones when it's like two months because I can see how old their account is.
That's what really makes me be like, okay, we're, I'm trying, I want it to be that someone
joins and then within one day, they're like, what I have learned has changed the trajectory
of my human life forever.
Yeah.
And I want them, it's one thing for it to happen.
It's another thing for them to also realize it.
Yeah.
And because you can only realize it once you look at your life, you have to sit down at
one point, right?
Well, a student will be in for two months and he sits down and he asks himself, hmm, I feel
good all the time.
I've got this, that girl, she, she messaged me back.
Why?
Things are going good.
Yeah.
Things are going good since I've started just being around.
They're happier.
I teach positive thoughts because it works.
These things work and it's once they're sitting down and analyze their before and after, that's
when those messages come and those messages are the best.
At this point now, when retirement is a choice for all three of us at any moment, that's the
reason we do what we do.
I'm addicted to it.
All the professors are addicted to it.
It's the best thing on planet earth.
People don't realize there is no better feeling than being like that guy has his life forever
changed for the better.
The world is a better place because of some work that I did.
And that is the most fun thing to do.
I get why Elon works all the time.
I get it.
He, he, in his heart is saving the human race.
And that's why the matrix is after us also so heavily because we're inspiring young men
to live better lives.
And once you've done that, once you've taken a young man, given him some money, given him
some confidence, taught him how to live a better life.
There's nothing they can say on the news that convinces that young man we're bad people.
And that's why they're so afraid of us.
They're afraid of us because they're incompetent and we are competent.
Yep.
And they're saying, no, Andrew Tate is bad.
Reject him.
Reject his ideas.
Instead, listen to the state.
Well, what is the state giving you?
Bro, I don't even know what they give them.
Yeah.
The state has taxed me.
The state has destroyed my country.
The state gave me a useless education.
Andrew Tate has done all the opposite of those things.
He's made me strong, he's made me rich, he's made me believe in myself.
And now you're trying to convince me you're the good guy and he's the bad guy.
And that's why they're so threatened by us.
They're threatened by us because of our school and not because our school is a scam.
If our school is a scam, they don't care about us.
They're threatened by us.
Well, they'd love us if we were a scam.
Bro, yeah.
They are threatened by us because our school makes people rich.
And that is why they're trying to take us.
100%.
That is exactly why.
Because no one wants to go and pay $100,000 for their bullshit PhD scams.
Yep.
Because they can join university.com for 99 bucks and actually make some money.
We are a threat to the entire propaganda machine, head to toe.
We're a threat to the entire system they built, which is to make tools to get into the wrecked
category, to be endlessly extracted from, to pay for thieves and shit munchers.
That's why we're a threat to them.
And that's why they're after us so heavily.
And it's actually amazing if we have to look at this philosophically or karmically, it's
kind of amazing how the amount of good we do in the world at some level has protected
us from their attacks.
100%.
You talk about karma.
When the BBC comes along and says, Andrew takes the worst person ever.
And 200,000 young men in our school say, made me rich.
Don't believe you.
100%.
Sorry.
Don't believe you.
You're a liar.
Now their weapons don't work on us.
Their bullets bounce off of us.
Because we've done so much good in the world, we've become impervious to the weapons of
Satan.
100%.
And that's probably another reason we're so motivated to deliver.
That's another reason why we wake up every day and we have these conversations and we
try and make sure we identify the ways in which our students can get rich.
And you made a fantastic point about the calculus, professor.
If you join our school, you have us sitting around a table trying to make sure you get
paid.
If you're not in our school, how else do you have someone rich, smart, and competent sitting
there saying, this person needs to get rich?
Yep.
We're the only support that our students have.
There should be that.
To be honest, I actually just kind of wish education worked.
We have to do the heavy lifting.
I wish education worked.
They should, colleges genuinely, they should have a person in charge of being like,
every single person out of this university gets a job.
And we have a percentage of students who got a good job after, they don't have that.
They don't care.
They don't care because unfortunately the incentives just aren't there.
They don't need that.
They get paid off the professors doing research.
They get paid off of grants.
They get paid off of endowments.
They're not paid.
They're thieves.
Yeah.
They're thieves.
If you want rich, industrious, smart people who care about you trying to make you rich,
you're a student of our school.
Yeah.
I just don't know where else there is.
And if you're not a student of our school, you have nobody out there in the world who
is a successful, well-known, rich, and connected trying to drag you up to the top.
You have none at all.
In fact, you have people just trying to extract from you and waste your time.
The worst part is that most people are just surrounded by people who gave up.
That's truly the worst part.
It's not only that the people around them don't really think, hmm, I want to make this
guy successful.
It's also that genuinely they've given up.
Like, I've seen it where students are like, oh, yeah, you know, all my friends, they just
do this.
Like, he's just surrounded by people who gave up.
And you know how hard it is to actually try when everyone around you's given up?
It's the hardest thing ever.
Imagine being in a trench.
Yeah, and everyone else just-
And everyone else has completely, they've stopped digging.
They've stopped.
They don't wear their helmets anymore.
They've completely, they are sitting there, I don't know, playing the flute.
Being like, we're going to die.
Hey, bro, come play cards with us as the bombs drop around you.
And you're like, no, I want a wife and kids.
I want to win.
I want to live this war.
I want to survive.
There's nothing worse.
There's nothing worse.
It's just because it's like, well, now everything around you is dragging you to also just sitting
there down, playing cards.
And then you're just, your chances of living is just so low.
You're just probably going to die.
We're the lifeboat of hope.
Yeah.
Hope, nihilism is the worst thing that's happened to them.
It's the worst thing.
People who've given up is the worst thing.
AI is not a problem if everyone said, cool, AI, great, let's go.
I'll beat you.
AI is not going to take my job.
I'm too important.
But no, it's not what people do.
People are like, ah, AI, hey, Luke, what should I do?
AI is coming for our jobs.
It's like everyone has this default frame of like, I'm just going to lose.
Yeah, defeatism.
And if you don't try to win, you can't win.
To anyone in the rec category, if you do not try to become industrious, you simply go in
the munchers.
I don't know when.
Depends how maybe you're high up on the rec.
Look, doctors, I don't think they're going to replace really anytime soon.
But 10 years, 20 years, bro, I go to chat GPT and grow whenever I have any health
questions.
I'm not calling a doctor.
I don't know any doctor service who I could call and say, hey, hey, bro.
And he knows everything about my biology and him be a true expert.
I don't know any competent doctors.
Wipe the board.
I have an idea for a brand new campus.
I have an idea.
How many campuses do we have active inside the school now?
I think nine.
We have nine campuses.
So we're already teaching nine ways people can make money online.
And anybody anywhere in the world could join the school and they could make money instantly
same day in nine different ways.
And we're about to launch a 10th.
I have an idea.
One thing that students I don't think realize is that we only teach what works because we
only care about what works.
We don't get grants.
No, no.
I don't care about teaching you calculus.
It's like, oh, it's like, if there was a campus that's like, we're really good at teaching
this campus, but this campus doesn't teach something useful.
We just scrape the campus.
Because we don't look at what we're teaching.
We look at success.
That's it.
The problem with the calculus teacher is he's trying to teach you calculus.
He's not trying to teach you how to get an engineering job.
Those are different goals.
We have scrapped calculus.
You can learn calculus on YouTube.
And we care only about performance statistics.
Performance only.
We care only about...
Did they make money?
Absolutely.
What percentage of these students make money?
Oh, this one's getting lower.
Use black.
We care only about our students getting rich, which is why.
