Who are you, baby?
Who are you? You're the member of European Parliament, sir.
You're the important one. I'm just a kickboxer.
Answer my question, though.
Who am I?
Well, I've managed to become a pretty influential figure online.
I feel like I've been saying things everybody has already been thinking for a very long time.
I feel like I've said that water is wet in a time where it needed to be said.
But I've become a massive inspiration to the masculine youth of the world.
Which has also painted a target on my back.
So to answer that question professionally and compendiously, it's hard.
I'm a kickboxer. I'm an influencer. I'm a businessman.
I am a political prisoner inside of the beautiful country of Romania.
I'm lots of different things.
What about you?
Because you were a YouTuber and now you're the most transparent politician inside of the European Parliament.
So what would you say?
Well, today we're going to talk a lot about politics.
About what the metrics is.
What the metrics is because I think I see the metrics.
I'm from the inside and I see what this.
And I'm not sure if this metrics is like something organized.
I think it's just bureaucracy.
Wouldn't you agree with me?
It's just basically the system.
Well, that's a really good question because I've had lots of different theories thrown my way.
They'd say that it's organized by these shadowy figures in the hiding in a room somewhere trying to destroy the world.
And then some people just blame incompetency.
Some people just blame bureaucracy.
Some people just blame lots of different interest groups which are all trying to constantly compete.
Which, of course, is human nature.
The banks want certain things.
And the farmers want something else.
And all these different powerful lobbies pushing against each other.
So, yeah.
What is the matrix?
It's a really good question.
And I guess the real question is also, because you're a lot deeper into it than I am, how deep really are you?
Like, how much power do they really have in that room?
Is there another room?
How does Ursula keep winning when no one likes her?
Like, what's really going on maybe behind that?
I don't know.
You know more than me.
Is that an illusion?
Is democracy real?
Is the matrix something else behind that?
The reason I would say, however, is that it is organized and it's not bureaucracy, is because there are some subjects which you simply cannot seem to vote your way out of.
It doesn't matter what team you vote for, you cannot avoid going to war with Russia.
Everybody is saying give money to Ukraine.
Everyone in the population, every European doesn't want this.
Everyone is saying no, but no matter which politician you get in there, all they talk about is how they must send money to Ukraine to fight Russia.
Unlimited and unchecked migration is another one.
Most Europeans want their country to stay like the country they remember.
They want people around them to think like them, look like them, speak the same language.
That's what they want.
But it doesn't matter who you vote for.
You can't seem to get it.
There are a few subjects which are just beyond democracy, which would, I guess, beg the conclusion that it is being planned.
It is being orchestrated by somebody.
Immigration is one thing that we are going to talk later about.
But so you are saying that there is some people before behind orchestrating this.
Is this kind of something billionaires, George Soros and all these types of people?
I don't know, like that these people are saying.
Well, it's interesting because money is the simple answer.
It's easy to say that they're doing these things for money.
But at a certain level, and I can even talk from personal experience and I'm really not that rich.
Money doesn't become interesting anymore.
What becomes interesting?
Power.
I'm going to talk about exactly how rich you are later.
We can give a number.
But you're not interested in money.
You're interested in power.
What you want is people to do as you say, which is why you want money in the first place.
So you can hire staff or influence elections, whatever it is.
Money is power.
When you get to a certain level, you're no longer interested in the money because the money is something you print.
It's something you make up.
It's imaginary.
The money is not real, as we all know.
So from there, you're primarily concerned with power over and control over people.
So then you'd have to ask yourself, and if you don't want to be a conspiracy theorist, and I try not to be.
I try to be very logical about these things.
Who wants absolute control over the European populace?
Well, the leaders of Europe, as well as the enemies of Europe.
There's lots of people who would want absolute control over the European populace.
So you're talking about incentives now.
Who has incentive to control?
Yeah, who has incentive and who has influence.
So who can do these things?
Who can influence the politicians to always, constantly, no matter what, dedicate themselves to self-destruction, dedicate their economies to self-destruction, to go to war with Russia, despite the fact their constituents don't want that?
Who has that kind of power?
Well, you'd argue, if I had to guess, it would be banking interests.
It'd be BlackRock.
It'd be the people who want all the Ukrainian land.
It'd be the American deep state who make all the weapons.
I mean, there's very few powers on the planet influential enough to say to every single politician, no, no, no, we're going to war.
It doesn't matter what people say.
It doesn't matter who dies.
It doesn't matter how expensive energy gets.
We're going to war and Putin is bad and he has absolutely no reason to do what he's doing.
He's a madman who must be stopped and he's going to come and he's going to take Poland and Romania.
He's coming for Cyprus too, probably Black Sea Fleet.
He's coming for everyone.
This garbage, and it is garbage, a lie.
There's only a few entities on the planet powerful enough to do that.
And those entities are, of course, very rich.
But I don't think it's primarily just about making more money for them.
It's about getting more influence and more power.
However, if BlackRock is trying to push Europe into war with Ukraine so we can get hold of Ukrainian land.
How do they get more influence though when they do that?
Well, that's a really good point.
Okay, so again, primarily through the media.
I mean, things have changed since Elon bought X.
Things have changed with your videos.
I'm genuinely a huge fan of yours.
The things you are doing to show transparency inside the European Parliament are life-changing.
Sir, truthfully, truthfully, you're a hero.
So, before this, before you, there's not a single person on the planet who even cared about European Parliament.
And I'm talking about me, someone who's interested in politics.
If they said, have you seen European Parliament today?
I'd be like, no.
Bunch of clowns.
Nobody was even interested because we knew it was a joke.
The average young person has no interest in this garbage, which allows them to get away with whatever they want to get away with.
If they had any control at all, which perhaps you know more than me.
But if BlackRock want to push us into war in Ukraine so they can have control over the fertile lands of Ukraine, this is not a conspiracy theory.
This is a well-known fact.
BlackRock will be behind lending money to Ukraine.
It's a loan, so that if they win, Ukraine has to repay the loan.
And, of course, Ukraine has no money.
It doesn't even have a currency.
So, they repay it with assets.
What's the only asset they have?
Fertile land.
Is BlackRock trying to do that to make more money?
Perhaps.
But they have a lot of money.
Primarily, they're doing that, I believe, to have more control, more power.
If they own all the fertile lands in Ukraine, they're going to have control over the next politician who's in charge of Ukraine, no matter who he is.
And that's what they want.
The whole world has only ever been a battle for power and influence.
So, how does BlackRock, how do these very deeply entrenched, how do they control politicians?
I'll answer.
How they are going to repay, let's say, in a hypothetical world, Ukraine, their debt that they own to these countries with land?
What else are they going to repay it with?
Taxes?
They don't even have an economy.
I don't know.
It's an interesting...
Yeah.
They're going to repay it with land.
They're going to repay it with their natural resources.
And they're going to repay it, most importantly, with their compliance.
They're going to repay it with the same way the mafia makes you obey.
You owe us money.
So, you better do this.
It doesn't matter if Zelensky lives or dies.
The next person who comes in owes a lot of money to very powerful interests.
And you better obey.
So, this is what I was saying earlier.
How about it's not about money?
They don't care about getting a return on their investment.
They want the influence.
And it's the same...
As a byproduct, they get even more return on their investment.
Of course, they do.
As well.
Of course, absolutely.
But primarily...
More power as well and influence.
Absolutely.
But primarily, in their mind, they're not chasing money.
They're not saying, oh, I'll give them $100 billion and get $105 billion back.
They'll say, I'll give them $100 billion.
I'll have influence.
I'll have control.
I'll get them to do whatever I want.
And I can rape them for money later.
They have money.
I'm talking from a person who doesn't have anywhere near $100 billion.
I don't care about money.
It's like, ah, how much money to make them obey?
Sure.
Done.
Clean the house.
That's all humans do.
You hire a cleaner.
You hire a taxi driver.
What are you paying for?
Here's money.
Drive me where I want to go.
Everyone buys influence.
So they do at a higher level.
You asked, how do these people influence politicians?
Well, before Twitter, before X, before social media, before people like you, primarily,
they do it through the media.
You're a politician.
You want to have a job.
If you piss off the powers that be, the media will just come out and slander you to the
end of earth like they've done to me.
They'll say every day that you're a bad person, every day that you're morally corrupt,
every day you've done bad things.
They'll then, at the same time, funnel endless money in our world, to them, a fraction of
a penny, into your competitor's party.
And then they'll say to everyone around you, if you support this guy, you're going to get
wrecked like them.
He's a sinking ship because he isn't obeying.
If you support him, your campaign's going down the drain too.
Before you know it, you have people who want to keep their jobs, who realize, ah, this game's
rigged.
And that's how they buy the power and influence, buy the media.
The media machine is nothing more than a propaganda arm for the deep state.
All they do is push the narratives they want pushed.
The media wasn't allowed to say COVID's not scary.
It was instructed to scare the populace.
That's what is the whole point of it, so that everybody complied.
It's the same now, trying to scare everyone into believing that Putin's going to march into
fucking Berlin.
It is garbage.
But that is their primary job.
So that's how they control the politicians, via influence, the media, and financing.
And that's why you can't seem to find a politician who will go against these things, no matter
what their population says.
Politicians aren't working for their constituents anymore.
They're working for the people who control them.
They're working for the people who allow them to live or die.
You look at a politician and say, why isn't he doing what his people wants?
Because he doesn't work for his people.
He works for the person who puts money in his bank.
And it's not the people.
And that's the unfortunate reality.
And it's changing this, and we're going to talk about this as well later.
But I want to tell you kind of my theory on this.
I'd love to hear it.
From the inside.
Maybe you are looking deeper than I am looking from the inside to have this answer.
But my answer is never underestimate human stupidity.
So in a way, it's like 70,000 bureaucrats in Europe.
They are working in this institution.
The system is so confusing, so above everyone.
So they built something that is incapable to run in a way without the parties kind of having
influence the parties from inside.
So it's like the people.
Actually, I'm a European lover.
I think Europe is a net positive.
I love Europe.
I'm curious to hear your thoughts because you seem a Europe skeptic from what you are
saying, a lot of the stuff that you are saying.
But I think as a whole, what you put on the scale, the benefits for Europe is a lot bigger.
But anyways, so a lot of the times from this, these people are like very good people.
Like you talk to them, they're cool.
But yeah, what you said, that I have a lot of like even the president of the European Parliament,
when you talk with here, Roberto Mezzola, and a lot of other high rank, they're so cool people.
But they're just playing the game to be in their position.
Of course.
So they are very smart.
They're super smart.
They sit down.
They're like you and me, chill.
They're having jokes, making fun and all this stuff.
But when there is time for them to do the right thing that they, the institution assumes
that I think they are doing it.
So it's not, but kind of the culture is like this.
And also what you are saying about the democratic deficit, like a lot of the time, most of the time,
we are not voting based on the voters of the European Union.
Most of the times we go against it.
And I proved this like a lot of times with the polls that I'm doing.
85% of the people hate ourselves on their line.
They don't want us to get re-elected.
And we ended up getting the majority.
And why is it possible?
It's because everything is happening behind closed doors.
Doesn't that argue my point though about influence?
Doesn't that lend to my point about how there's shadow deals and shadow figures which are in
charge of things and influence.
And you just said people are cool in person, but they're trying to keep their jobs and they
go along with the institution.
Doesn't that just say what I said about how democracy is all garbage?
But I'm not sure if there is something behind this is what I'm arguing.
I'm just arguing that it's just how it is.
So complicated for them to keep their jobs.
So I'm not sure if there is a higher power from behind influencing everything.
I understand what you're saying.
And as a professional.
I'm just seeing from the inside.
This is what I saw.
As a professional, I have to sit here and cede credence to your insight.
You know more than me.
You've been in the European Parliament.
It would be unprofessional for me to sit here and say you're wrong because you know more than me.
However, I would argue from a hypothetical point of view, if I wanted to give the illusion
of power to the people and I wanted to build a democratic system which couldn't truly go
against the interests of the deep state in the matrix, but to make people believe they
had power, would I make a simple and transparent system or would I make a large bureaucracy, which
is nearly impossible to trace and track and understand, and I would be able to hide behind
the idea of stupidity?
Oh, it's stupid and it's big and there's lots of people and no one really knows and
there's so many.
Oops, we all vote for exactly what the matrix wants.
Oops, we all vote for exactly what the matrix wants.
It's because it's big and complicated.
To me, and I'm talking as a professional, if I was in charge of setting up that illusion,
that's exactly what I would do.
I would try and make people believe in the idea of stupidity.
And I know it's actually a very comforting thought.
Oh, they're not evil.
They're just stupid.
Well, if you're sitting in a trench in Ukraine as Russian shells drop down on your head,
does that make you feel better?
If you don't go and see your grandma die because it's against the law because of COVID,
do you feel better?
Oh, they're just stupid.
They're not evil.
Does that make you feel better?
If a migrant arrives on a boat undocumented and stabs your little girl and kills her because
they don't close the borders, do you feel better that they're just stupid instead of
evil?
It doesn't matter if they're stupid or not.
They're acting with evil intention.
Even if that was true, which I don't even believe it is true.
I don't believe they're stupid.
I believe this was set up on purpose so that they can deliberately convince the population
because I hear it all the time.
In Romania, they say all the time, we say we have a beautiful country, but our politicians
are stupid.
Oh, they're so stupid, are they?
They're so stupid to get hundreds of billions of dollars from the EU and be above prosecution
and do whatever they want without you doing shit about it and selling you out.
And they're the stupid one while you sit here working a job, paying your taxes.
They're stupid.
No, they're not stupid.
I don't believe this stupid garbage.
I believe the system is set up on purpose to convince the population that they're just
stupid and it's big and it's bureaucracy.
When in fact, it's a deliberate smokescreen.
And it's done that way because if they want to have control over European Parliament, which
was genuinely democratic and genuinely transparent, they couldn't.
Well, I only talk what I see.
I respect it.
So.
I respect it, sir.
I respect it.
And so do I.
I respect it.
And I know you know more things than I do.
But I'm just trying to sit here and discussing power dynamics.
I'm just sitting here talking how it would be very easy for them to control such a large
bureaucratic system.
But let's go, let's dive a bit inside because a lot of the people, they don't understand
exactly how the European Union functions.
And I did and it took me like five months and I was living inside asking questions 24-7
to kind of understand how it's working.
So it's like so complicated.
And we're going to come into.
So it's the European Commission.
It's Ursula von der Leyen.
And there is 26 ministers that each country promotes.
And this is kind of the head.
It's like the ministers of Europe.
And this is the European Parliament, which are the elected people, 720 MEPs, members of
the European Parliament.
And it's the European Council.
And the European Council is like all the ministers of all the countries in Europe.
And these three things, they need to decide.
Everything comes from above, from the European Commission, if there are going to be a proposal
about the rule.
And we come in the European Parliament to change the bid and like with the European Council
to change the bid and we need to agree both.
And it takes years and years and years.
So quick question.
I don't want to interrupt you because I want to understand this myself.
But then couldn't they give the illusion of choice?
Couldn't they, by omitting certain options and omitting certain paths, ensure that you
always go down the same path?
Anyway, for example, you just said the European Commission gives proposals to the other two
branches of European government.
So the European Commission could give an option to give $100 billion to Ukraine or $50 billion
to Ukraine.
So if you're anti-Ukraine war, you'll vote for less money to Ukraine and then you give
the illusion of choice.
But of course, Ukraine still gets money and the war is still going to happen.
Yeah, it's interesting.
It supports your argument, what you were saying before.
Okay, let's go to continue a bit the education.
I'm very interested, sir.
I'm very interested.
These are the three things.
And also there is a fourth thing.
All the presidents together deciding, the 27 presidents, deciding the foreign policy and
the big stuff on the broad scale.
But also it's the European Commission, which is the executive power to execute all this stuff.
So this is a system that is so complicated that even if you need to be the president of the
European Union, Ursula von der Leyen, and also it's like the high commissioner we'll call
here.
And also it's kind of impossible to be in that position because how you get it, like not a
normal European citizen can get inside that position.
Like Elon Musk was saying in a tweet, like FIDEAS for president of the EU, but it's kind
of impossible to be in that position.
So how does she end up there?
So that's the question.
That's the question.
So how she ends up there is a deal behind closed door, behind the biggest parties in
the European Parliament, which they propose here, kind of.
So in the European Parliament, we have the groups, we have seven political groups, the
right, the left, and all this stuff.
And the people who have the majorities, the socialists and Democrats and the APP, when
they decide together about something, so they sit down, they say, I will give you this,
you give me this, behind closed doors.
And then there is, OK, and we're going to put your one here, my one here, your one here.
No transparency.
And they decide kind of who will rule.
And then it comes to the parliament.
Even if I vote against, they decided before.
So behind closed doors.
So it's pre-decided because it's the two biggest parties.
And this is how we get to the president of the European Parliament.
It's the least transparent...
Democratic process ever.
Yes.
Which goes into my argument for influence.
You know, I grew up in a rough neighborhood, let's say, and I always was pretty good at
reading people, I believe.
So I don't understand the European process the way you do.
But the reason I said, and it takes gall for me to do this, for me to sit down with a member
of European Parliament, and when I've never been in European Parliament, and tell you that
your process isn't democratic.
That takes a lot of balls to do because you know better than me.
So where would I even get this kind of inkling from?
You know, there's been times in my life where I've sat in a room with a man, and I just
knew he was going to try and hurt me.
He didn't do anything.
I just knew it.
I could see it on him.
And when I see Ursula, when I see the few members of European Parliament brave enough
to tell her that she's hated, when I see people screaming that she refuses to do what
the population wants, and I see the smug look on her face, she knows it doesn't matter.
She knows it doesn't matter what the people want.
She knows it doesn't matter how many people are mad at her.
She knows it doesn't matter because there's something else going on.
And the Parliament have fuck all to do with it, and the population have nothing to do
with it, and everyone can scream.
And the look on her face is like looking at a screaming toddler, upset that they can't
have a little piece of candy, because she knows the deal's already been done.
That's the truth of the European Parliament.
And I knew that before I spoke to you by looking at her face.
Look at her when people say, why are you doing this?
You're destroying Europe.
She feels very calm.
She doesn't care.
She's working for someone else, and she ain't working for the European people.
That's a fact.
Well, but it's interesting, because I have a lot of friends that they spoke with her a
lot of the times, and they're friends with her.
So she's a puppet, let's say, if she is.
But people told me that she actually has some agenda, like about gender equality, about the
renewable energies and all this stuff.
Oh, great.
So she has...
So she has some personal belief, and we see that kind of in a policy of Europe.
I don't know if that's her actual, if she has influence over other people, and this is
how she formed her agenda, but this is what the stuff that she's passionate about.
Well, I have two arguments, two responses to that.
Ursula has agendas.
Firstly, the two agendas you just said are destroying Europe.
The gender equality push and DEI and getting rid of our energy efficiency is destroying Europe.
So her agendas are negative.
That's the first answer.
Because it doesn't...
I mean, getting rid of nuclear power and getting rid of Russian gas is bad.
I need to ask you, first of all, what is your opinion, because it's very controversial,
what do you mean about gender equality?
Because I don't think...
And like your opinion about this?
Of course.
I think that...
But a lot of the people don't like you in the European Union.
Oh, that's a shame.
That's a shame.
Maybe in the United States, there's a bigger number of people that they like you, because
you are more on the core values of the United States, where a bit more, I think, leftist
is somehow in Europe as a whole.
Which is why you're losing to America, by the way.
Censorship and something.
Which is why you're being destroyed by the American government, by the way.
You do understand that Europe is a scapegoat.
You live in Europe, man.
We are getting destroyed.
I can't leave yet.
Don't put yourself...
I can't leave yet, sir.
But I'm telling you, the European continent is being decimated by its ally, America, because
they understand that Europe is now self-immolating.
And it's self-immolating by these leftist policies.
So let's talk about renewable energy first.
They got rid of Russian gas.
They refused to build nuclear.
They want to build all these solar panels in some fantastic dream.
Volkswagen shuts down.
German economy shrinking.
They can't afford cheap energy.
You can't do anything without energy.
If I don't eat and I can't move my hands, how do I podcast?
How do I do anything?
How do I pay my bills?
You can't do anything without energy.
And Europe is currently in an energy crisis.
America doesn't have that problem.
The Middle East doesn't have that problem.
China doesn't have that problem.
Only Europe has that problem.
They're not going to sit there talking about net zero garbage while India emits endless
emissions daily, not caring.
You're simply going to lose.
So what Ursula wants to do, it may be her personal views, they are net negative for Europe.
Then we'll talk about gender equality.
No, let's explain to the people a bit more.
So Ursula von der Leyen and all of the policies of Europe is to become green in Europe by 2050
to have zero net power.
But this, because they forced it too quickly, everyone in the European Parliament, they say
that the green deal, which was the big thing, it was hurting our business.
Now it's like common sense.
And everyone agrees this.
So we're going broke to try and push for this net zero while the rest of the world doesn't.
Not everyone.
While the rest of the world doesn't.
And then you have to ask yourself, do they care about net zero or do they care about control?
Why are they trying to push net zero?
Do they think that if they increase your taxes, the sun stops being hot?
Is that what they believe?
If they think they just bankrupt all the large industry, that the trees will grow bigger?
Or are they trying to control everybody?
All these things are Trojan-horsed.
They come along with very fancy, very clever language.
And they Trojan-horse it.
Ah, everyone loves the environment.
Do you like trees?
Yeah, I like trees.
Okay, your taxes have gone up.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Why have my taxes gone up?
Because I like trees.
Now, if you're against the green deal, then you don't like the environment.
You want the fish to die.
When of course you don't.
You just don't trust these politicians.
You are right about this.
Can I give you an example from our recent vote that we did?
Please do.
Please do.
And we can get into also gender equality and all this stuff in the current state of Europe.
But recently, like four days ago, we voted on one thing in the European Parliament.
And by the way, there is a lot of things that is good about the European Union.
But because I love the European Union, I want to say the bad things to improve the European Union.
So, I'm not saying from a bad place.
So, it was recently we voted about the...
So, this is how they do it.
Exactly how you said.
So, we voted on one thing.
So, they find three people that were kind of harassed in Crimea.
Yeah.
And they went to jail for the wrong reasons and all this stuff.
And they put...
Why don't they do Romania jail for the wrong reasons?
Hey, Ursula!
Yes.
It's interesting.
Yeah, exactly this.
So, they found these three people.
They put a face to them.
And, like, these three people, we want freedom of them and all this stuff.
But in the same text, it's like against Russia.
Yeah.
So, they find...
They make you influenced.
So, they find the three examples.
They have zero examples about what mistakes Zelensky did and oppressed some people in Ukraine.
So, they find...
They put a face to it.
And it's like, you are like...
Of course, I want these people to be okay.
And I don't want this to happen to them.
What do I vote?
But do I vote also for...
And this is kind of how they vote for their things.
It's interesting.
So, this was the resolution that we did.
That's right.
They Trojan horse it.
So, if you vote against it, you don't care about the three people.
But if you vote for it, then you're going to do some insanity to Russia.
And they do this with the climate change.
Do you care about the trees?
Do you care about the fish?
Well, yes, I do.
Okay, give up your car.
Don't leave your house.
And pay more taxes.
What?
And that doesn't even fix the initial problem in the first place.
That's why all of these policies are Trojan horse.
When you said Ursula has her personal views and one of them is climate change and net zero,
to me, that's a negative.
And I have to go back a couple times because I said earlier that I would answer that question
two ways.
And let me give the other answer to that so we can continue down the conversation.
I said there's two ways to that.
When I said that Ursula is controlled, and I could tell by her face, and my Europol warrant
is probably coming soon, everybody, because I've had a few of them.
But when I said she's probably controlled, and you said she has her personal views and
those things, I could say I could answer it two ways.
The other way I can answer it is, she can have her personal views on the unimportant
subjects.
This is the whole big point of the big bureaucracy, like I said earlier.
There are certain subjects that they can't disagree with.
So, behind you is a Christmas tree.
She can have her opinions on how we decorate the Christmas tree.
But I would like you to do the same thing with Donald Trump, my friend.
We'll talk about that in a second.
But Ursula, in her position, is allowed to have her opinions on how we decorate the Christmas
tree, but she's not allowed to have an opinion if there's a tree at all.
The tree will be there, and that cannot bend and cannot break, and she cannot talk against
it.
We will go to war.
How we do it, maybe she's allowed to talk about the details.
But the basis idea must remain.
This is important.
The second thing I want to talk about, because we have a few tangents to go off on, is gender
equality.
And I'm largely misunderstood in the world, because I love all people.
Male, female, everybody.
However, I do stand up for men's rights, because I think men are massively underrepresented.
I know that men suffer more depression.
Men suffer more suicide.
Men are constantly accused of crimes they have not done.
Men die in war.
One of the few people that they identified and label this problem.
I'm one of the only people who cares.
Before, I was not like, man, boys have...
And I was actually, to your defense that you identified this, I was actually, yes, there
is a lot of 17, 18-year-old boys that they like a girl, they don't know, they are suffering,
they are in a friend group, that they are getting bullied in a way, drawn into situations.
It's like they are, in a way, very discriminated in society, and nobody looks after them.
So that's why I think you are very successful.
And also, Jordan Peterson is very successful, because you are talking to these hearts of
these young people.
Well, nobody cares about men.
So because I talk about men, they say I'm a misogynist, and I'm truly not.
I'm going to talk about gender equality in a second, but just to go into that point,
there is no better period of history or geographical location on the planet to be a woman than
Europe today.
When were...
Where is it better, and when was it better?
Ever.
Ever.
And we constantly complain about women's issues.
They've got it the best they've ever had it.
Men have it the worst they've ever had it.
Every single...
What do you mean the worst they've ever had it?
Well...
I will argue also that the world is improving.
We are all happier and all this stuff, so...
That's true, but if you look at the disparity between men...
What is this world?
I don't know.
You look at the difference between men and women.
Oh, the difference.
You look at the difference between men and women, men are starting to lose in nearly every
single metric.
Less of them go to school, less of them are deemed successful, less of them are happy,
less of them keep themselves alive, less of them stay out of jail, less of them stay
law-abiding, less men...
Men are losing, and women are getting better.
All I'm saying is don't forget about the men, too.
Another reason I'm called a misogynist is because I'm actually a realist, and I don't
believe that all individuals on the planet are equal.
I believe there are some men who are taller than me, and there are some men who are shorter
than me, and there are some men who are stronger than me.
Very few, but there are some.
And there are some men who are weaker than me.
We are not all equals.
So when the government comes along and says gender equality, we're going to force equality
of outcome via legislation, I'm against that.
Not because I don't like women, but because the government has never managed to do anything
effectively ever.
They've screwed up everything they've ever done, ever.
And when they come along and say, no, we're not allowed to look at people for their individual
merits.
We're going to force someone through because of their gender, or force someone through because
of their skin color, or force someone through because of their sexual orientation, you are
no longer optimizing for competency.
Europe is already failing.
Europe is already going broke.
Europe, we're Europe whores.
America is destroying us because America still believes in the winner to a degree.
Thank God Kamala, Satan in a wig, didn't win, or her and Ursula be sitting around putting
us all in jail.
Come on, man.
No, it's true.
Satan in a wig.
It's true.
So it's very important.
It's very important we understand these things.
When we talk about gender equality, this is the ultimate Trojan horse, the same as we just
discussed with climate change.
Oh, you don't believe in gender equality?
Are you a bad person?
Do you want women dead?
No, I believe in there is a position, and I want to find the best person for the job.
Man, woman, midget, giant, black, white, Chinese.
I want the best guy in a meritocracy.
Gender equality legislation prevents that.
We have a position.
The best person for the job is a straight white male.
Ah, we have too many straight white males.
Let's get someone who's not as good at the job, but satisfies the gender equality legislation.
You cannot survive in the ultra-competitive world unless you optimize for competency in
all things.
That's why I'm against gender equality legislation.
Not because I hate women.
People are very...
You are triggering people, I'm sure.
You're telling the truth.
No, but let's give an example of this.
This is happening in the European, you know, but in a different world.
I think also with the women, but they force kind of because there is some countries that
they are not represented in the staff in the European Parliament, like I think the Balkans
and some of these countries.
So they are saying, okay, like 10% of these must be from these countries.
So it's the same exact thing that you're saying.
So they are just inclusive to this because they are kind of lower, I don't know, their
standards and all this stuff.
They don't get these types of jobs.
And I will agree with you because when you are putting people to come from these countries
that they wouldn't get the job otherwise, if you didn't put this threshold, you are
also stopping other people that they are competent and that will get the job anyway.
So you are not filtering for the best.
You're filtering for...
You're filtering to tick boxes in a fantasy land.
But I'm just saying, this is a better example for everyone to understand.
So when I say I'm against climate change, it's not because I hate fish.
It's because I don't want my taxes to raise.
I don't want to be locked in my house.
And when I say I'm against gender equality legislation, it's not because I hate women.
It's because I want to have a meritocracy where we're actually hiring for competence
as opposed to just hiring randoms because they tick a box.
And the most scary thing about it is this.
It's not even just men and women.
This hierarchy of ultra-representation gets deeper and deeper and deeper.
If it was just we need X amount of men, X amount of women, it would be bad.
But it gets even worse when you say we need X amount of men, X amount of women,
X amount of gays, X amount of trans, X amount of black, X amount of Chinese, X amount of white.
There's no one left to choose to do the job who can actually do the job.
Before you know it, you're on the phone saying,
do we have any half black, half Chinese transsexuals who want to be the minister of finance?
Anybody for the European Union?
Ursula wants a friend.
And you're going to get some jackass.
And this jackass is going to be dumb.
They're not going to have any experience.
And they're going to be afraid.
And they'll be easy to influence.
And they'll be sitting in these rooms at the back, scared.
I have one question for you.
Would you agree that, okay, there is less represented in powerful positions than women?
We need to do something about it to educate them, to pay specific attention.
Maybe there is something wrong with the society to, like, encourage them, educate them,
find different stuff to promote.
Would you agree with this?
Or let the kind of free market, they will...
I would absolutely disagree.
And I say we let the free market.
Because you know what?
We let the free market operate in its entirety in reverse.
When women are outperforming men in certain scenarios, when women are outperforming men,
and we can name things which perhaps are not as consequential as being a European member
of parliament, but women do better than men at modeling.
For example, off the top of my head, nobody's sitting there going, you know what?
There's too many beautiful girls.
We need to...
Now they're trying to use the ugly girls.
But no one's coming along saying we have...
They are.
Now they're not coming along saying, oh, we have to put men in.
There has to be equal 50-50 in modeling.
There has to be equal 50-50 in sugar babies.
You know all those beautiful girls on the yachts who don't work, and they have millions
and millions of dollars from the Ukrainians after the European Union gave it to them?
You know all those girls sitting around in Cartier?
Whoa, why are there not enough male sugar babies?
Nobody cares when women win.
Nobody cares when women win.
As soon as men start to win, there's a mental breakdown.
Oh, there can't be men.
Men represent women's rights also.
A man can do just a good job sticking up for and representing the entire population.
This idea that just because a man's in power, he doesn't give a shit about women, that's
a lie.
In fact, I would argue that good men are very protective over women.
Men protect women.
We are evolutionarily designed to protect women.
I protect every single woman in my life.
My daughters, which I have a lot of.
The women who they come from.
But you don't say how many.
I never say how many.
I protect every woman around me.
And I do that via financially providing for them, provision, making sure they're physically
safe.
I isolate them from dangerous scenarios.
I protect women.
Men have evolved to protect women.
Women have not evolved to protect men.
If you put a woman in a position of power, does she care about protecting men?
I don't think so.
Which would argue why we have such a feminine-led European parliament.
Because we have female ideals.
It's not even about the idea that they're a man or a woman.
We live in a matriarchy now.
It's all feminine ideals.
Which is why men are suffering so heavily.
Which is why when I say things like men matter too, I somehow offend the world.
I don't think we need to come along with something as important as the European Commission and
force certain people into certain jobs based on the gender, the skin color, the sexual orientation.
It should be optimized primarily for competency.
And here's the interesting thing.
If we optimize primarily for competency and only men win, then only men should be there.
What's the problem?
I mean, if women are just as good as men, then we wouldn't need to give them gender equality
laws.
We wouldn't need to give them these DEI laws.
If you're going to tell me, Andrew, women are underrepresented because we've optimized
for competency to have the best possible continent and have the most competent leaders
on the planet and only men win.
So we need to get rid of half of those competent people and put in someone less competent.
Am I supposed to agree with that?
Doesn't even make sense.
If we optimize for competency and only men win, then only men should be there.
Fine.
Just like when I optimize for competency with the people who take care of my children.
If I go to a nursery to give my four-year-old daughter, they're all women and I feel happy.
If I go to a nursery and I see a bunch of men that look like me, I ain't leaving her
there.
Why would I leave my little girl with 10 full-grown men?
That's weird.
It's not normal.
So we all optimize for competency in our everyday lives.
Of course we do.
You go through life and you try and find the person who you believe will do the job the
best.
So imagine there was a nursery where you had to leave your four-year-old girl with men.
Would you feel comfortable doing that?
Gender equality laws.
Would you feel comfortable doing that?
I think so.
Oh, I wouldn't.
I wouldn't.
If I turned up with my four-year-old girl and there's 10 big men in there and they're
like, sorry, gender equality laws.
There's too many women looking after kids.
Give her to us, bro.
I'd be like, what?
No.
So even itself, even the idea of gender equality laws, even the idea of forcing representation
of women by putting women in positions of power where they cannot meet a basic competency
test proves that it shouldn't exist at all.
Men are good at certain things.
Women are good at certain things.
There's nothing wrong with that.
I'm not saying one is better than the other.
I'm saying we're different.
But Trump is also just organizing the three, I will argue, in the United States, like Ursula
is doing in Europe.
Would you disagree?
Maybe I'm talking about his previous mandate.
Maybe something will change now that we have Elon inside and all these different kind of
people.
I don't know.
Would you disagree with this?
I think that Trump is genuinely different from a political standpoint.
I think that Trump is genuinely, actually different and America first.
And I think that the rest of the world is going to have to get in line.
And I also believe that Europe is going to suffer greatly at the hands of Trump unless
they get in line.
Because America first means America first.
It doesn't mean Europe and America first.
It doesn't mean the matrix first.
The matrix is the Western hemisphere.
The matrix is the Western world.
And we, it's actually kind of interesting when you analyze the matrix and you analyze these
things because us in the West think we're the only people.
But truthfully, we're actually a very small percentage.
We talk about America, Europe.
We're the best.
Australia.
But there's Africa and South America and China.
We're a fraction.
800 million, 900 million, and there is 8 billion.
8 billion.
We're a tiny fraction of the world, truthfully.
But we control the culture of a lot of things.
We control the culture.
That's right.
That's right.
But now Trump's come along and he has no interest in this Western hemisphere NATO garbage.
He wants America to win.
We can talk about NATO garbage.
He wants America to win.
So if Europe doesn't get in line, Europe can suffer along with Latin America, along with
Africa, and along with Russia.
He doesn't care.
That's why America's going to win.
If you're truly America first, you're going to sit there and say, okay, there's no light
without dark.
We will win.
You cannot win unless someone else loses.
To a degree.
This whole idea of perfect polarity, 50-50, DEI, gender equality garbage to Ursula's pulling
at her ass is bullshit.
Someone has to win and someone else is going to be unhappy with that scenario.
For America to win, other countries are going to have to pay to a degree of price.
Because we are talking about limited power that you are sharing.
He's going to make Europe...
You have limited...
Why everyone...
Explain why for you to win, someone needs to lose.
Because there's no such thing as equality on the planet.
There's just no such thing.
Isn't it...
We cannot make the pie bigger, in a way?
I don't know.
No, because no matter how big you make the pie, no matter how you split the pie, depending
on how closely you measure, you find the inadequacies and inefficiencies and inequities in all things.
Which is why I said earlier about this DEI and this gender equality, men and women, men,
women and gay, men, women and gay and trans, men, women and gay and trans and black, men,
women and gay and trans and black and Chinese, that it goes big deep.
We have a pie, we split it 50-50, half and half, we give it to you, but then you measure
it and you weigh it.
Ah, there's one gram difference.
Okay, you fix that gram, then you weigh it again.
Ah, 0.001 gram.
Ah, your spoon is...
I measured it with a laser and your spoon is bigger than mine.
After I've analyzed it with a laser, your spoon is 0.004% bigger.
We need to fix this.
Where's the legislation?
Ursula, can we fix this?
It's garbage.
There's no such thing as equality.
Someone wins, someone loses in all scenarios on the planet.
That's how it goes.
If you're America first, all you care about is winning.
So, there's other countries that are going to have to pay the price for America's winning.
That's how it's going to go.
And Europe is now going to pay the price for America's winning, along with Africa and Latin
America and Russia and China, because Trump has no interest in talking to these psycho
bureaucrats in Europe, which have lost their minds and are more interested in putting transsexuals
in positions of power than fixing the fact that electricity is running out.
Why are we talking about this dumb shit when VW is closing down?
VW has existed for 100 years.
Do you know how many families around the VW plant survive on the Volkswagen plant?
The German government, Schultz, whatever his name is, nobody is even holding them accountable.
They sold all their Bitcoin at $50,000 like last month.
It's now doubled.
There's no inquiry.
No one's standing up and asking him why.
Nobody's asking who did it.
There's no accountability.
Nobody's asking where all the money went.
They just did a stupid decision, destroyed the German economy, and no one gives a shit.
You know what's interesting?
When the VW plant started closing down, me, as a perspicacious individual who seems to
love making a bunch of money, I sat there and thought, I bet there's a lot of families
around the VW plant who are now going to try and sell their house because they exist for
DW.
They've always existed for VW.
Their pension is VW.
Their wage is VW.
Now that's gone.
They don't want the house.
So I found all the houses near the VW plant.
Started doing a little map of them.
I bet these houses will come up cheap.
I looked about two weeks afterwards, and the number of houses for sale had tripled.
Everyone's just trying to sell their house.
The prices are going down.
They can't even sell them.
They probably can't even pay off the mortgage if they do sell it.
They're all going bankrupt.
All these houses are now going for free around the VW plant.
Nobody wants them.
And nobody's even sitting there going, this is because we stopped taking Russian gas and
won't build nuclear because we want to build windmills.
And nobody gives a shit.
And when you talk about these things, they sit there and go, ah, yeah, that is on the agenda.
But first, we don't have enough transsexuals in parliament.
This is clown world.
This is bullshit.
I agree that this is a fog to the real business.
It's a fog.
So this is it.
This is it.
This is the fog.
You can't argue about whether there's a Christmas tree.
You can only argue about the color of the ribbon.
And the color of the ribbon is the endless fog bullshit they throw our way.
Can men have babies?
Can men go in women's toilets?
Can...
And they just throw stupid, unimportant things.
The number of times, and I don't know, but you can confirm this with me, that you must
have sat in parliament and discussed something which had nothing to do with the baseline
of reality.
You're just sitting there going, what is this?
They are wasting your time to obfuscate and to hide, to be opaque.
We're going to have a big meeting.
We're going to talk about trannies.
We're going to talk about gender equality.
We're going to talk about windmills.
In the meantime, they're just funneling money to Ukraine.
Funneling money to Ukraine.
Funneling money to Ukraine.
And you can't even talk about that.
Oh, we only have 10 minutes to talk about that at the end.
It's a scam.
It's interesting, and later I will tell you, I ask a lot of the members of the European
Parliament here, what did you achieve?
You've been here 20 years.
What did you achieve?
And I will tell you the answer later.
They achieved a paycheck.
But...
They achieved a pension.
I want to...
So, guys, maybe I'm wrong in what I'm going to be saying.
Sometimes I'm saying stuff that are bullshit.
Forgive me if I am.
But I will argue that United States foreign policy is a lot of the time.
For example, now Trump got in office with saying that he will end the war in Ukraine.
But he will keep funding probably Netanyahu and Israel in this.
And I will argue that this is the power over the Israel lobby in the United States.
Because who controls you is who paid for you, in a way.
Agreed.
So, you are saying that the three...
He can organize the three.
He can organize some of the three as well.
The president of the United States.
And I will argue that it's against America first.
To give all this money and to make everyone in the Middle East against you and all this
time.
100%.
So, you agree with me?
100%.
You are totally right.
The American foreign policy is disgusting.
So, Trump can organize some of the parts of the three.
But Trump, I believe, and I might be wrong.
We're going to see.
I believe Trump will stop the war between Israel and Gaza.
I believe he will.
I hope he does.
I do agree with you that the actions...
In fact, you didn't say this.
So, I don't want to put words in your mouth.
However, I will say the actions of Israel have been genocidal and disgusting.
I do agree that the Israel...
I agree.
It's a genocide.
You cannot say it's not a genocide when 16,000 kids are killed.
It's disgusting.
It's a genocide.
And people are making videos about when I'm saying it's a genocide.
And it's like, they're saying, well, you cannot use the word genocide in this term.
This is the playbook.
Bro, they died 16,000 kids under 18 years old.
What do you mean?
100%.
I have to sign for the police quickly and then I'll answer the rest of that question.
It's a good time.
Oh, he signs for the police?
I'm on house arrest.
I'm on house arrest.
Every day?
Yeah, every day I have to sign.
Yeah, it's boring.
We sign also in the European Parliament.
To get 350 euros every day, we'll go there.
No, it's absolutely a genocide.
And Trump has promised he's going to stop the war.
Whether he will or not is to be seen.
However, I believe he has a better chance of stopping the war than Kamala does.
Trump at least has a chainsaw.
It's a big tree.
But Trump, Elon Vivek, J.D. Vance, they have a chainsaw to attack this tree.
And they're ideologically prepared to suffer to attack the tree.
The most interesting thing is the tree fight's back.
This is what people don't understand.
The tree fight's back.
I have a problem with them.
They're never mentioning this.
They're never mentioning the agenda on this topic.
So they avoid it.
They say, let's start with October 1st.
Oh, of course.
Yeah, of course.
They don't talk about the fact that Israel's been committing a genocide for a very long time
and now the world's just awake to it.
I'm totally ideologically aligned with you.
My point is, and I know you're right, and we can go into the Jewish control of America
and that's the tree.
That's the deep state.
I like to believe that now, for the first time, we have people who are ideologically
prepared to fight against the tree.
When you come at the tree with a chainsaw, it fights back.
This tree is not idle.
This is actually very interesting because I'm going to go back into gender for a second.
You love going back to the gender.
No, because...
You love...
No, I like to prove my point.
If Trump and J.D. Vance and Vivek and Elon and all of these people now in the American government
have a chainsaw, what did Kamala have?
A neophile at best.
And was she prepared to genuinely take personal repercussion to try and damage that tree?
This is a question which we'll never have the answer to, but we can analyze as professionals
because professionals can see the future based on the past.
I ask you something.
If you're going to go against a tree and it's going to try to destroy you, like they tried
to destroy Trump.
They tried to destroy him with the Russia collusion.
They tried to put him in jail.
They tried to destroy his life, right?
If I ask you to name men of history who have gone against their personal...
They've done things against their own personal situation, for their own personal detriment,
for the good of a larger society, like the men who stayed on the Titanic, or the men who
explored Antarctica and froze to death, or the men who went and died in wars.
They didn't want to.
It wasn't about them.
It was about something larger than themselves.
We can sit here and give off a thousand examples of how many times men have taken personal
damage to do the right thing for society.
Also women.
Also women.
Name some.
Name some.
When's the last time that you can name a woman who did something that destroyed her own
life for the good of larger society?
Well, I know a lot of cases in my country, in the world that we have in 1970 and 1955 against
you to a UK...
I know a lot about that.
UK colonialists.
Yeah.
As a lot of the times that women...
Fantastic.
Good.
Good.
I'm not saying that women have never done anything.
That's not what I'm saying.
The point I am making is, and exceptions don't disprove the rule, we have to speak in
generalities.
In general, men are more prepared to suffer personal detriment for the greater good.
Like Trump is prepared to be threatened with jail, to have his property seized, to be told
his Russia collusion, assassination attempts for the greater good.
Let's not forget that.
Let's not forget that.
And in general, in general, not all, women are not prepared to face down a man with a bullet
for the greater good.
If Kamala was getting shot at to fight against a tree, do you think she'd really try and
chop it down?
I'm not sure if it was going to go fight, fight, fight.
Of course she wouldn't, because she's afraid, which is my point.
If you're afraid of the tree, how can you chop it down?
Women are more likely to be afraid than men.
History has shown us that men are more prepared to die for an ideal than women are.
I'm not saying women are useless.
I'm not saying they won't do it.
I'm saying, in general, men will die for an idea before a woman will.
A woman will be more like, ah, I believe in the idea, but I want to save myself.
They're more selfish.
Would you put them in a position of power knowing that?
When you have a cheap tree to chop down and the tree is going to fight back and you know
the woman's scared of the repercussion, do you want her in charge?
Would Kamala have stopped the war between Israel and Gaza?
Absolutely not.
When the Jewish donor calls her phone and says, Kamala, it's either a bullet or it's
the media or something, but you're going to be out of office if you even try, she would
have pissed her little panties in her little suit and disappeared.
Trump's different.
You think this is how they're threatening them with the media?
Putin said it.
I'm just repeating what Putin said.
You didn't hear what Putin said?
No.
Putin said it a long time ago.
I think it was when Trump was first elected, 2016.
He said, I've sat through a lot of different administrations of the American government and
all these presidents come along with their fantastic ideas and they plan on doing all
these amazing things and then they get into power and the men with the dark suits come
into the room and explain that's not how things work and nothing ever seems to change.
Putin said that himself.
He's going to look it up.
Interesting.
Very interesting.
I think Putin knows the world pretty well.
So my point, here's my point.
So we agree with, you are just mentioning, start to agree with my point about the three.
The point I'm making, if you're going to optimize for competency in something like leading
a nation, wouldn't one of those components for the competency be the fact that you were prepared
to self-detriment and self-immolate for the good?
Isn't, aren't kings supposed to charge into battle first?
Isn't that what a leader is supposed to do at the front on his horse with his army behind
him ready to die?
Isn't that a leader?
I'm asking you, who's more likely to get on that horse and charge a certain death,
a man or a woman?
Now we could sit here and say, oh, I believe it's equal, blah, blah, and stupid answers.
And when everyone knows the answer is a man.
So it is.
And this is, this, now this doesn't mean I hate women.
This doesn't mean I hate women.
It means I believe women should be protected.
It means I believe women should be cared for.
It means I believe women should be provided for.
It means I'm actually saying that if someone breaks into my house, I will go and die to
keep her alive.
That's not hating women.
Saying I'll die for a woman isn't hating women.
But to sit there and believe that if someone breaks into this house with a gun, me and my
female should have a discussion about who's actually more capable to go and engage the
attacker under the guise of gender equality is bullshit.
And that's what Europe's doing now, which is why it's failing.
Kamala would have never fixed anything in Israel and Gaza.
Even though she's left, even though she's liberal, even though all her people are pro-Gaza,
she wouldn't have fixed a thing because the second she was threatened with 1% of what
Trump has lived through and survived, she would have pissed her pants and vanished.
So Trump is still our best chance at chopping down that tree.
He's still our best chance.
I agree with you.
There's a very large, very strong oak tree in America.
But I like to believe that he's not afraid to attempt to chop it down.
And that's why he didn't say anything publicly about this yet.
Maybe they believe that they agree with our view, but that's why they were afraid to say
it yet.
Maybe they will do it indirectly.
You are saying something like this.
This is what you're saying.
I think that politics is obviously a very funny game.
Funny.
Yeah, funny.
I like to believe, and I have no evidence for this, I like to believe that Trump thought
talking too much about Israel and Gaza on either side is going to cause a lot of problems
with the voting.
I just need to win the election for now.
Let me make it clear that I'm going to stop all wars and let me get the election through.
If I'm too pro-Gaza, I alienate X.
If I'm too pro-Israel, I alienate Y.
I'm going to stop wars.
I'll give a general answer and I'll get through, win the election, and then I will stop all
wars everywhere.
He has promised to also stop that war.
I understand the Israel lobby and the Jews have a lot of power in America.
I completely understand it.
I also like to believe that Trump is ideologically opposed.
Trump, you know the best thing about Trump?
Trump is unreasonable.
And the best men are unreasonable men.
You know, there's this idea that men now, especially in the feminized matriarchy, which
we call the European Union, that we don't hate men.
They say they don't hate men.
We don't hate men.
We like this guy.
Well, this guy acts like a fucking girl.
So of course you don't hate him because he's a chick.
But you hate men who act like men.
So you do hate men.
And men are unreasonable.
Men believe X.
And you can come along with Y, but we don't care.
We believe X.
The best thing about Trump is he's unreasonable.
I said I'm going to stop all the wars.
Oh yeah, but October 7th...
I said I'm stopping the war.
Stop it.
He's unreasonable, which is what you need in a leader.
Get shit done.
If you're too reasonable, nothing happens.
Too much talk, too much wiffle waffle, too much European Parliament.
Let's all vote.
Nothing happens.
Things get done in Russia.
Like him or not, things get done.
We need shells because we're fighting the entire NATO sphere.
Build shells.
There's no sitting around.
There's no voting.
There's no find the transsexual, see what she thinks.
None of this shit.
Putin gave an order and the order will be followed.
Same with my companies.
Fix it.
Now.
Done.
Money's made.
So, Trump is unreasonable, which makes him effective.
In fact, the world has only ever been moved by unreasonable men.
Reasonable men, reasonable people, go along with what the world wants them to do.
Reasonable people wore a mask.
Who brought this shit to an end?
Me.
Me getting arrested in Germany.
Me and my brother going to Sweden and documenting that we lived in absolute freedom all of COVID
without wearing a mask or a vaccine ever and putting it on the internet.
Me getting deleted from social media for doing that.
Me getting debanked.
Me.
Me.
I did it.
I was unreasonable.
Just wear a mask.
It's no big deal, Andrew.
Just wear one.
No.
I'm unreasonable and I refuse because it's a lie.
Unreasonable people brought the curtain down.
Reasonable people just walk straight into the abattoir.
The reasonable sheep, they walk straight into having their heads chopped off.
It's the unreasonable sheep trying to jump over the fence.
Unreasonable men change things.
Elon's unreasonable.
He doesn't want to listen to your crap.
Very unreasonable.
That's, that's, but here's what, but let's apply this to general society now.
Let's apply this, let's extrapolate it out.
We look at how men aren't going to college anymore.
Men aren't going to higher education.
Well, let's talk about why.
But the smartest, most capable men are unreasonable, semi-autistic jerks.
Those are the people who build rockets.
Those are the people who build cryptocurrencies.
Those are the people who program computers.
Who are the most reasonable people?
Pretty girls.
Pretty girls go to school.
They do everything they're told.
They believe in DEI.
They believe everything they're supposed to.
They do pretty work that looks pretty.
And they win.
What is DEI?
DEI is gender equality.
They do their fancy work and they get good grades.
But the best possible men can't do that.
The best possible men can't go to a place and be told that men can have babies.
Like, no, they can't.
Oh, right, my man.
The best possible men can't listen to this garbage.
So now men don't want to even go to school anymore because it becomes so feminized.
They're like, I'm not going there and being told that men can have children when I know it's not true.
And if I speak against that, I get disciplined and reprimand it.
I just won't go.
I'll just sit on Twitter behind a frog meme and print money on Solana.
So now men have been completely disenfranchised with the educational system because it's lost its mind.
It becomes so feminized and insane.
Unreasonable autistic jerk men are the men who get anything done.
That's who you need is unreasonable men.
But you can be a woman and be unreasonable and get a lot of...
Oh, women can be unreasonable.
That's true.
But I'm talking about in general.
You're talking the average, the masses.
You're talking...
You're generalizing.
You have to...
But you have to generalize.
It's interesting.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm just making that point that a woman could...
Well, the reason I'll say this, and you have to generalize,
except for...
Enough of gender stuff!
Sure.
No problem.
You ask.
You ask.
Let me...
I want...
First of all, I want...
Because I am kind of an example of the democracy kind of changing.
Yeah.
I want to talk about the future world of democracy,
the future government system in the world and all this stuff.
But before we talk about this stuff,
it's a new year now.
We're all putting our goals and all this stuff.
So I'm in conflict on what goals should I put as a politician,
what Europe needs,
and what I will be useful.
Because we only have 24 hours in the day.
Of course.
We can do only very, very few things
if we put our mind to...
It needs to be very specific and limited.
But I'm curious to hear what you think should be my goal.
What are the problems in Europe
that they need to be exposed and all this stuff?
I'm curious.
I can tell you now
that nearly everybody in Europe only cares about one thing.
And they're tired of their nations changing demographically.
This is the truth.
It's not about legal migration, illegal migration.
I'm brown.
I'm half black, half white.
So this isn't a racist point of view.
I'm just telling you that everybody,
whether they're black, white, brown, whatever,
is concerned with the fact
that their nation no longer looks like the nation they remember.
That people don't speak the language that they used to speak.
That their culture is falling apart.
And that they're losing themselves
into this primordial...
This new world order of global soup
of various colors and brown.
And they're very concerned about that.
People of all nationalities, all races.
And that is the thing
which we can't seem to ever truly get to the bottom of.
We talk about migration, illegal migration,
and legal migration, all these different things.
That's all actually by the by.
Whether they turn up legally, illegally, etc.
Of course, illegally is much worse.
Of course.
But primarily, people in Europe are offended by
and deeply concerned by the fact
that England always looked like England
for a very long time.
And everyone spoke one language.
And it was England.
And now it's not.
And once it's changed, it can never go back.
And we're not allowed to talk about that.
In fact, we're psyoped into saying
that that's a good thing.
And you're not allowed to be concerned about it.
I'm not saying whether it's good or bad.
I'm just telling you what everybody is upset with.
Now, America is actually a different scenario.
Because America is a brand new country
that was formed multiculturally.
But Cyprus, you're Cypriot, I believe.
Cyprus had Cypriot people.
And you looked a certain way,
and you spoke a certain language,
and you did certain things,
and you had certain holidays,
and certain customs, certain cultures,
and you ate certain food.
That was Cyprus.
And now that's changing.
And every single country is changing.
You go to Hamburg, you don't see Germans.
It's not Germany anymore.
And people are very upset and concerned about that.
And for some reason, no matter how you say it,
you can't get the Europeans who are in charge,
supposedly, in the council, to give a shit.
We are being replaced.
Native Europeans, which I'm not one of,
by the way, I'm American.
Native Europeans are being replaced.
And once the replacement is complete,
it will never be reversed.
And everybody wants to know why that's being done.
So you are not saying it's good or bad?
Personally, well, I have my personal views.
So first, for now, you describe the situation.
By the way, this is the question that you did ask me,
and we are doing research now in the European Parliament.
You affected also Europe.
Well, thank you.
Because you are the most light comment.
And everyone was upset when I announced it,
because this is what you get when you have democracy.
And you say it always will,
because it has the biggest audience.
No, it's because most people agree with me.
I mean, I super respect you for being so open,
and I respect you for taking on my question.
Absolute respect to you.
But the research you're doing is about illegal migration.
That's not the concern.
The concern is...
Come on, I cannot ask the question that you ask me.
Of course, but this is my point.
The question that you ask me is why the native Europeans
are replaced by third world.
How you can ask this European Parliament
for them to do a research?
Well, I understand.
So I need them to change it.
You did your best.
I understand you, sir.
I understand you, sir.
I'm just saying.
I'm just saying that most people's concern
isn't the fact that they're going broke.
Most people's concern in Europe,
if the European people want to listen,
hello, members of European Parliament,
if you're watching this and you're upset
by everything I've said so far,
please listen to me.
People's concern is that whether they are Dutch,
whether they are German,
whether they are Belgian,
whether they are French,
whether they're Italian or English,
it doesn't matter.
When they walk outside of their house,
they're afraid because of crime,
the streets are dirty,
and they're surrounded by people
who don't speak the same language,
who don't think the same way,
and they are remembering their childhood,
and they feel sad and angry
that their countries are being destroyed all around them
and are going to look completely different
in 100 years from now.
You couple a failing birth rate
amongst native Europeans
along with the insane birth rate
of people who come from the third world,
you're talking about an absolute replacement
of European population
in less than 100 years.
Europe in 100 years
will not look anything like Europe of old.
It won't.
We're going to lose 50 million population
in the next 30, 40 years.
Unless we import people from God knows where,
which is my exact point.
Europe won't be Europe anymore
if all the Europeans are gone.
And we're not allowed to talk about this
or discuss it.
Now, the solutions are varying.
I'm not saying there's a solution.
I'm not offering a solution.
The solutions will be hard.
Some are radical and insane.
It should never be important.
Some are just documenting the problem.
I don't know.
I don't know what the solution is.
I'm telling you what everyone wants to talk about.
Nobody even really cares
that their bills are going up
in comparison to this one central issue
that nobody will ever discuss, ever.
Now, when you fix that,
you'll be amazed how much you can fix
by extension of that.
You'll be amazed how crime will be fixed.
You'll be amazed how society will repair.
Fix that?
You mean make the people okay with it
or remove the problem?
Well, that's a good question.
No, that's a good question.
No, you say make people okay with it.
That is the current attempt
because what you're trying to do
is build a homogenous society.
And America does this better than Europe.
And America says,
it doesn't matter who you are,
what skin color you are,
because we're all Americans
and we unify behind the flag.
America was built that way.
So you can build a homogenous society
with all these different races,
all these different cultures, etc.
Also, they speak the same language.
It's very important.
This is one underlooked thing.
That's why we cannot do stuff as European.
We cannot be understood.
We cannot have the same problems.
We don't feel Europeans
because we don't have mostly the same language.
We have 27 different languages.
So, yeah.
Well, you're saying making them okay with it.
That's the current attempt.
We have to build a homogenous society one way or another.
But every country needs to do it by itself.
Well, you need to have a society
where people like one another.
So you either convince everyone
that changing the population is a good thing.
Love is very important.
Perfect.
Forgiveness and love.
Oh, absolutely.
That's what a society should be, right?
So either you convince everybody
that they want to live among people
which are nothing like them,
or you allow people to live among people
who are like them.
I don't know what the answer is.
And I'm being careful how I answer
because I'm already going to catch a Europole war.
And everyone understands exactly what I'm saying.
No, to summarize this,
it's very interesting.
So it's a very good question.
Do we want Turkey in the European Union?
Turkey will be the biggest population
probably out of the other countries.
And it's 80 million people,
how many they are.
So when they come...
Wait, sorry.
80 million Turks in Germany?
No, 80 million in Turkey.
Do we want 80 million people
to come with free border control
and all this stuff?
So it will be kind of a distraction.
And are we ready for this culture shock?
So this is like what you are saying is not...
I don't think it's controversial.
Are we ready for this culture shock?
Well, it's not...
So we're just asking the question here.
Well, culture shock is one way of putting it.
I would argue it's culture immolation.
Are we ready for the cultures
that Europe was built on
to be destroyed and erased forever?
Now, this is a question.
Are you ready to have the culture
of your country to be erased forever?
So many cultures have been erased forever
in the history.
Correct.
So it's interesting.
It's a valid question.
It's a valid question.
Are you prepared
for the cultures of Europe to disappear
and then become a new culture
under Ursula,
where everyone is half Turkish
or from sub-Saharan Africa
or from God knows where Bangladesh?
Nobody speaks the same language.
Everybody's just chasing the bag
trying to get money.
Nobody loves their neighbor.
Nobody celebrates Christmas.
Is that what we want
for Europe in the future?
Or do you want to go to Italy
and it feel Italian
and listen to Italian people
speak Italian language
and eat food
with too much olive oil on it
for some reason
and enjoy your nice boat?
Olive oil is amazing.
Okay.
Do you want to go to Cyprus
and watch the Greeks
to know why you have beef
with Brian Johnson?
All right.
We'll go to that in a second.
Do you want to go to Germany
and enjoy the beautiful Germans'
complete lack of sense of humor?
Do you want to go to France
and listen to them be arrogant
about champagne
while their cities crumble?
At least they're unique.
Or do we want one big soup
of God knows who
from God knows where?
And this is the thing
that we're not allowed
to discuss for some reason.
That is the basis of all things.
You know, it's actually interesting
because when an American gets rich
and I'm talking
from personal experience,
I'm half American, half English.
When an American gets rich,
they usually move
to another part of America.
I've experienced this.
This is just something I know.
If you get rich in America,
you either stay
in where you got rich
or you go to Miami.
You go somewhere else in America.
But now all the rich Europeans
are just leaving Europe.
They're all just going to Dubai
or just going somewhere else.
All the money is leaving Europe.
No one's talking about the fact
the tax base is disappearing.
I don't know a single person
with money
who isn't bouncing
out of Europe right now
because it's a time bomb
and everyone knows
it's a time bomb.
And what's the one thing
you want when you're wealthy?
Safety.
And most of Europe
can't even offer it.
Most of Western Europe
can't even offer you safety.
You know what's really interesting?
If you were a millionaire
in Bangladesh,
let's see,
and there's millionaires
in Bangladesh right now.
If you're a millionaire
in Bangladesh,
you're safe
because your house
is protected
by armed guards
and you have armed guards
follow you everywhere you go.
If you're a millionaire
in London,
you can't even protect yourself.
It seems that most
is the first time
that the UK
is losing millionaires.
That's right
because London
is such a unique scenario now.
England is so unique
that even money
can't protect you.
Not only does it make you
a better robbery target,
but you can't hire guards
with guns
and your house
can't be protected 24-7.
So if you have a nice big house
in the countryside
and they turn up with shotguns,
even if you have
one night watchman,
he ain't gonna do anything.
The police aren't armed either.
Money in the UK
makes you a target
and it doesn't even protect you.
Do you understand
that money in any other country
outside of Europe
protects you?
You could be a millionaire
in Africa.
You could be a millionaire
in India.
You could be a millionaire
in Bangladesh.
You could be a millionaire
in Afghanistan
and you're safe.
But if you have money
in Europe,
you're a target
and they can't even protect you.
Who's gonna protect you?
The police?
How do you define safety?
What do you mean
they want safety?
In what terms
and what do you mean by safety?
I mean...
Safety in regulation?
Safety in just physical safety?
Physical safety.
Not business safety?
Not the rules?
Well, this is a whole
another interesting argument
because that's what
the West does have.
It will offer you
to a degree
safety in regulation
and business
supposedly because
there's supposed to be
a rule of law.
If you have a large company
in Bangladesh
and the president changes,
you might lose
your company overnight.
Boom.
That's true.
But I'm talking
about physical safety.
I'm talking about the fact
that it is safer
to be a millionaire
in Afghanistan
and higher security
than it is to be
a millionaire in London
and walk around
with a watch like mine.
And I walk around
with six bodyguards.
Six of them.
But they ain't got weapons.
Ten dudes with machetes.
It's gonna be a hard day.
And I'm gonna have to
kill some people myself.
This is the life
we now live in Europe.
Now when we discuss
why this is...
And here's the thing
that's interesting.
I'm half black, half white.
I'm not racist.
I'm just talking.
When we discuss
why this is,
we ask people
to ignore
pattern recognition.
If they take
the last tens people
who committed
a knife attack
and they're black
or purple
or yellow
or orange.
We're supposed
to pretend
we don't see that.
And then you ask
why people want
their countries
to be like the countries
they remember.
This isn't racism.
This is...
I grew up in a country
where there was
no purple people.
And now there are
purple people.
And every time
I see stabbings,
I see purple people
doing it.
Why do we still
allow purple people in?
Why do I feel
so unsafe now?
Why are these
green people here?
This is where
the racism comes from.
From the fact
we won't talk about it.
Because we can't
discuss it as adults.
And me saying
that I,
who lives in Romania,
who has been
to Iraq,
I've been to 72 countries,
been all around the world,
am most on edge
on Regent Street
in London
with eight guys
who are seven foot tall.
Talk about a shame.
That's the British Empire.
London should be
the best city
in the world.
And it's collapsed.
And it's fallen
because we can't have
honest conversations
with anyone
about anything.
Because we're too busy
talking about
what tranny
should be in power.
And it's bullshit.
People want
their countries back.
Not because they're racist.
Because they want
to feel safe again.
Because they want
to be able to look
at their neighbor
and understand
that they grew up
watching the same TV shows.
Because they want
to have a shared interest
with other people.
They want to feel
culture and affinity.
Humans are social animals.
What binds people
in the city of London now?
Everyone's there
because they have to be.
Everyone's trying
to collect a paycheck
and paying too much rent.
And everyone hates each other.
Is that Europe?
Is that the Europe we want?
Because that's the future
we have coming.
So now you are talking
about your personal opinion now.
You got into
your personal opinion.
I'm just talking, friend.
I'm saying
I'm saying
that if Europe
was democratic
which it isn't
and we can talk
about the fact
that they're trying
to overthrow the elections
in Georgia.
They overthrew
the elections
in Romania last week.
We can't talk about it.
It's not democratic.
But if Europe
was democratic
it would say
to the Germans
hello Germans
do you want this
to stay a German nation
or do you want it
to be a soup of the world?
And everyone would vote
German nation.
95%.
And then they'd make
it a German nation.
But they won't.
Why?
Who has put
that tree up
that they're not allowed
they can talk
about decorating it.
How many they let in.
How quick they come.
Do they get a house
or not.
How much benefits
we give them.
But they're coming.
You can't stop them coming.
Trees there
can't be cut down.
Who's doing that?
Why?
Who's in charge
of these things
and why?
So you are saying
as an advice
to me
to talk
and understand
about this problem
about the immigration
problem in Europe.
The demographic
problem in Europe.
You need to go
to European Parliament
and say hello
Germans are upset
that Germany
isn't German anymore.
Why is it happening?
Can we talk about this?
Are there any solutions?
You'll be the most
famous politician
on the planet
if you just mention
the problem
because you're not
even allowed
to mention it.
You're not allowed
to mention this one
but it's the truth.
I mean I would argue
I've been to Cyprus
a bunch of times.
I love it.
It's a beautiful place.
North and south.
I know all about the war.
Turks, Greeks.
I know all about
the demilitarized zone.
I've been to Kosia.
I've been there.
I've seen it all.
But when you go back
to Cyprus
you want it to feel
like home right?
If you went back
to Cyprus
and everyone was Norwegian
speaking Norwegian
you'd be like
well this is weird.
Wouldn't you?
Would Cyprus
still be Cyprus
if they airlifted
out every single person
and replaced them
all with Norwegians
or would the food
and language
and cultures change?
Would it still be Cyprus?
I mean maybe
geographically on a map
but would it be
Cyprus in your heart?
No.
So why are we doing
TAVR on the nation
pretending we're not
allowed to?
But what is our countries
anyways is a story
that we say to ourselves.
Well then yeah.
I mean you can answer
what is a country.
You can say it's
a geographical location
on a map.
You can say it's a
set of legislation
that applies to
a certain geographical area.
You can say it's
Maybe I was going to be fine
with 10% of people
foreigners
I don't know
coming into the country.
Maybe I would agree
with your point
not to completely change
other people
that they don't speak Greek
and all this stuff.
Well I'm half
I'm half American
half English
living in Romania.
So I'm not racist
and I'm not anti-immigration.
What I'm saying is
in 500 years from now
Chinese speaking people
who look Chinese
will be in China
talking about how Europeans
destroyed themselves
and that Europe
used to be
individual homogenous societies
which have now
been completely replaced
by outsiders
and the Chinese
will be sitting there
saying back in the 2000s
they had this fantastic idea
in the European Parliament
and someone called Ursula
had this great idea
and Angela Merkel
and they come up
with this crap
and now they don't look
anything like they used to
and their entire culture
and language
and religion
and point of view
is all gone
and they've been replaced
by God knows who
and we're still Chinese.
that's what's going to happen
and they're going to talk
about it in history books
about how much of a fuck-up
it was
and what a stupid idea
it was.
That's what China's going to do.
Hopefully it's the other way around
hopefully in 200 years
300 years
we are still united
in diversity
like it's the European model
we'll see
we'll see
people think I'm being
controversial
with what I'm saying
I'm actually toning it down
heavily
because I could say
a lot more
but I'm saying
you're asking
what Europe should discuss
this is what people
want to discuss
the next things
are the obvious things
the money
but all of these things
stem from that
because the safety
in the cities
and the safety
on the streets
and the fact that
people don't want
to invest
in the European economies
anymore
all stem from
this one problem
you think so?
100%
not the regulation
of all this bullshit
no
genuinely
if I start to make
money in London
let me ask you a question
if you
gave me half your salary
and I invested it
and doubled it
every single year
you might continue
to give it to me
if you give me
half your salary
and I spend it on crack
you probably won't
give it to me anymore
because I'm spending
it on drugs
so if I grow up
in the city of London
and I see my politicians
ignoring me
and I see people
living for free
who aren't even English
and I see the demographic
changing so I no longer
feel affinity to the city
and the country anymore
and then I start a business
and I start to make money
and now I'm paying
huge amounts of tax
and that money
is going to Ukraine
but it doesn't go
to the pensioners
who need old age
who need heating
it's not fixing the roads
but it's blowing up roads
far away in a war
I'm not interested in
will I continue
to pay tax
to that economy
or will I move
my business to Dubai
where I don't pay any tax
why would I give
a government money
when they ignore me
why would I give
a government money
when everyone around me
doesn't look like me anymore
and it's not the country
I used to know
why am I giving England money
when this isn't England
this isn't England
he's not English
the politicians ignore me
my kids aren't safe
I've been mugged twice
Ukraine's got all my money
I'm bankrupt
why am I giving taxes
to these people
how about I just bounce
and move
so this is exactly
why I'm saying
all of the problems
of Europe
the financial problems
the crime problems
the drug problems
all of these things
come from the fact
that nobody feels affinity
to their homeland anymore
because their homelands
are being destroyed
and we're not allowed
to talk about it
you fix that
you'll fix the rest
because we taste
not about rich people
we're patriotic
Trump stays in America
because he's American
he'll pay tax
I'm British
if England was the England
I remember
if England was 2001
Oasis
pub garden
you could walk around
safely at night
if England was the England
I remember
I'd happily give him
50% of my money
but it's not
England's nothing
like I remember
England's nothing
like it used to be
England's a shadow
of its former self
the politicians
ignore us
they're sending our money
to Ukraine
we don't even want them to
they're allowing votes
to thousands of people
in to destroy our country
our little children
are getting stabbed to death
nobody's even allowed
to talk about it
if I mention it on Facebook
I go to jail
why am I giving them a penny?
I thought your answer
was going to be
to your advice
would be something
about artificial intelligence
no
but it's not
no it's not
so
you don't
you think
one of the bigger
like dangers
interesting stuff
this is the
hardcore problem
of Europe
100%
and not
a threat
of artificial intelligence
and all these things
we'll talk about that
in the future
demographics
are the problem
of Europe
that's the thing
nobody wants to discuss
as I've just explained
why
because that's
what's eroding
the tax base
because no
rich people
want to be
natively
patriotic anymore
that's the truth
AI
it's quite interesting
I find it very interesting
when Europe talks about AI
because
Europe are fucking
nobodies
you ain't made me AI
Elon's made the AI
America and China
are in an arms race
for AI
and whichever one
of those superpowers win
is going to subjugate Europe
and force you to use it
Europe doesn't make any AI
because Europe doesn't have
any companies
it doesn't think important
because all the companies
are leaving
BW shut down
I think you have two companies
in the top 100 companies
in the world
or something
based in Europe
and they're all leaving
because of over regulation
it's kind of interesting
you know
when Europe talk about AI
it's like when you see
a poor man
talking about Ferraris
you're just sitting there going
hmm
very interesting point of view
well you ain't got any
you ain't got one
so shut up
you're a brokey
AI's for Elon
for Trump
for America
for Xi
for China
those are big boy conversations
for big boy players
Europe ain't shit
so Europe can't even
talk about AI
but that's why
we need to change
because if we lose
the biggest race
in the history of humanity
we're fucked
absolutely fucked
so how do you fix it
you inspire and foster
creativity and innovation
and entrepreneurship
by deregulating
and you inspire patriotism
and convince people
to not take a bigger paycheck
in Dubai or America
by allowing people
to have their own nations
and not flooding them
with freeloaders
who look different to them
so they want to pay their taxes
and they're interested
in staying where they are
and doing very good
for their country
because that's where
they were born
and they want their children
to be native from that nation
that's how you fix it
not allowed to talk about it
two things
sure
no these are the two things
absolutely
deregulation
deregulation
and patriotism
you tell a French man
we're going to remove
all the regulations
and the money you give to France
is going to be spent
on France
and French people
and your children
are going to look French
and they're going to be safe
to walk around in France
and you can have your baguettes
and your wine
and nobody's going to stab you
and Paris ain't going to look
like Africa
you will have
French businessmen
stay in Paris
as opposed to doing
what they currently do
which is bounce
and I argue that
it's something interesting
that you're saying
because now with the war
I don't know
you're from Romania
and you are operating
all these businesses
from nowhere
so it's like
the world is moving
in the cloud
and that's
you nailed it
you know what's so great
you just nailed it
because you're right
this is what's even more interesting
we talk about Dubai
as a tax-free hub
you just base your business
in Dubai
you can base your business
in Singapore
base your business
in Japan
you can base your business
anywhere
so let's add up
some things
Europe has the most regulation
Europe is strictest
on free speech
Europe is demographically changing
why would you base your business
inside of Europe
when you have the most laws
the most rules
they're the easiest to make mad
by having an opinion
where they'll take all your stuff
and lock you up
hello Romania
steal all your things
and put you in jail
for having an opinion online
what kind of common sense individual
would even base their business here
especially if they have
an international business
or an online company
you'll base it in Wyoming
in America
you'll base it in Abu Dhabi
you'll base it in Singapore
I have a company
in all of those places
how many companies
do I have in Europe
zero
fat zero
why
because you
fucked up
so you don't get
any of my hundreds of millions
I'll give money
to governments
who respect entrepreneurship
who maybe listen to me
who give me representation
to a degree
or
like Dubai
where I have no representation
I believe in the competence
of the leader
I have no representation
but I believe he cares about Dubai
it's amazing
what they did in 50 years
it's amazing
incredible
it's amazing what real leadership can do
none of this tranny shit
no one asked if he's gay
no one asked if he's a tranny
he's just a man
getting the work done
this is amazing
when you put
it's true
no but
but this is the point
I'll base
same in Singapore
no but same in Singapore
right
I'll base my companies
where I have faith
in the leadership
because
they'll say to me
base your companies in Europe
because you get democracy
no we don't
I don't get a chance to choose
we already discussed her
no one can choose Ursula
so you don't get a chance
to choose in Europe
so you have to just basically
look at the world
and go
I don't have democracy anywhere
which leaders do I believe
want their countries to win
Dubai
Singapore
I believe in those places
do I believe that in Europe
they are interested
in making Europe
as rich as possible
or are they interested
in their stupid agendas
about windmills
windmills
so fuck Europe off
so you're completely right
we're now living in a world
where a lot of people
are making money online
cryptocurrency
all these things are happening
and Europe is missing out
on all of it
all of it
and they refuse to talk about it
and I really truthfully
actually do believe
if they fix a demographic problem
they could also fix that
by extension
I actually truly believe that
but yeah
regulation is a problem
this is another problem
with free speech
why would you want to be
basing your business
and basing your money
and putting it in banks
where you can't say
what you think
now
here's the thing
it's interesting
here's the thing
it's interesting
I have to be fair
because nowhere in the world
has free speech
it's not just Europe
nowhere does
Dubai hasn't got free speech
but
the things
I don't want to say
are illegal
in Dubai
I don't want to insult the leader
because he does his job
so it's illegal
but I don't want to say it
so it doesn't feel illegal
the problem with Europe
is the things
you do want to say
are illegal
you don't wake up in Europe
and go
I am very unhappy
with what they're doing here
but if I talk about it
I go to jail
so you have to choose
in the map
understanding in the world
that there's no free speech
but the best thing you can do
is put yourself in a place
where you do not feel
the restrictions on speech
because the things
you cannot say
do not enter your brain
in Europe
you are gagged
from saying the exact things
you see with your own eyes
you walk down the streets
in London
and you think thoughts
and you can't say them
they are illegal
it is very tangible
yeah
it's interesting
I think you are right
also in Europe
we're censoring
all the media of Russia
but also Russia
is censoring
double
triple
ten times
the media
of the western media
in Russia
so it's like
but I'm curious
to understand
exactly where
is this censorship
line in Europe
because it's a bit
nobody knows
and they are censoring
something that
they decide to censor
so it's like
I'm trying to understand
their line
a long time ago
and this line
is like
very blurry
it's like
this line
this is okay
this is okay
you know
it's interesting
because
free speech
doesn't exist anywhere
people say
America has free speech
it probably has
the most free speech
but it doesn't exist anywhere
because the way
it actually works is
to be fair to Europe
it will say
you can't say this
if you do
you go to jail
what America will do
is say
you can say anything
you want
but you'll say
things they don't like
and they'll get you
on another crime
so you'll still go to jail
they'll catch you
on something else
like they did with you
like they did with me
like they did with Trump
like you tell too much truth
they'll come with some other
unrelated crime
they'll make it up
and then in fact
they choose the worst crime
like they did with me
to put it all over the media
to make everyone hate you
it's very interesting
can you talk about
because I heard you
talking about this
in the previous
one of the previous interviews
like when they label you
with rapism
it's the end
like you can
you lost
well that's right
I'm not the rapist
can you say
I'm not the rapist
I don't care
and it's like
that's one of the things
that I was very struck by
like all my team
most of my team
was against for me
to come here
and I was asking
hi team
and I was asking them
why
he's misogynist
sexist
he raped
he has allegations
all this stuff
I'm like
did you listen to him
no
yeah
no but this
you just nailed it
that's the point
so the primary objective
of the wrap up smear
the primary objective
is when somebody has
a point of view
that the government
or the matrix
doesn't like
what they do
is they accuse them
of a crime
which is heinous
a negative crime
so that when you talk
about that person
you do not talk
about his points of views
you talk about
what he is accused of
not found guilty of
never had a trial
I've never even been to trial
in fact my court case
got thrown out
before trial
because there was no evidence
they didn't even have
evidence of a crime
but they slandered me
with it
so now when people
say Andrew Tate
they don't say
Andrew Tate
he says some very
interesting thought
provoking things
they say
Andrew Tate
human trafficking
it's to distract
the population
from your actual
point of view
and it works
very effectively
on the sheep
that's the primary
objective of it
they didn't intend
on finding me guilty
because it's not
they find me guilty of
their intent is
to do what they did
because before
I am found guilty
they can get a prosecutor
who is corrupt
and tell him
to make some papers
they can print papers
with lies
to get a judge's warrant
they can raid my house
and steal all of my wealth
so that I'm financially damaged
they can put me
in jail preventatively
they can put me all over the media
saying I've done bad things
they can indict me
and charge me
they can spend three years
printing bad things about me
and I've yet
still at this point
to be found guilty
of any crime ever
and now people
when they hear the name
Andrew Tate
only talk about human trafficking
as opposed to all the
interesting and insightful
and important things I say
which was the primary objective
in the first place
to obscure
my
points of view
and obscure my impact
that I have on people
with this garbage
bullshit accusation
the thing that makes me
have a little bit of sadness
about all of this
it's not what they've done to me
because men are born to suffer
and I'm pretty good at that
what makes me lose faith
in humanity
is that anyone believed it at all
suffering is the coolest thing
in the world
great
love jail
I miss it
I miss it
I can't wait to go back
sooner or later
or something
Ursula's gonna
Europe hold me
but
I'm really
saddened
by humanity
that they believed it
I'm like
we just got through COVID
do you remember
we're all gonna die
do you remember
the put a mask on
take it off
put it on
go piss
take it off
six feet
let your grandma die
stay in your house
hello
and now they're saying
he's human trafficker
you've seen no girls
no victims
no bruises
no pictures
no videos
nothing
and you're sitting there going
well the BBC said
some people are just born to lose
I guess
some people are just so fucking stupid
they're gonna believe
whatever they're told
I actually
here's the real red pill
let me give you the real red pill
sir
I totally understand
why the people
who are really in charge of Europe
are doing what they're doing
because they have so little respect
for human life
because people are so fucking dumb
I understand it
if you're in charge
of something like Europe
because you're born into a banking dynasty
and you've been in charge
for a very long time
and you tell everyone
to be afraid of
the common cold
and for four years
they're hiding from a 99.9% death rate
injecting themselves with poison
are you gonna have any respect
for those people?
you're gonna think they're idiots
you're gonna think they're clowns
of course you're gonna rape
the European continent
for endless influence and money
and let people suffer and die
because you don't respect human life
because humans are fucking idiots
I completely get it
because me
who's not in that position
looks at people wearing a mask
and thinks
you're a dipshit
you deserve the slavery
that's coming to you
so imagine what they think of us
when they say
Andrew Tate's a human trafficker
and someone sits there
and goes
Andrew Tate's a human trafficker
the people in charge of the world go
wow
that dickhead
who believes
Andrew Tate's a human trafficker
on no evidence at all
deserves eternal slavery
think I give a shit
about his wages
think I give a shit
about his society
and his neighborhood
let him get stabbed
who cares
these people are dumb
they are dumb
that's how they view us
for the same reason
a slaughterhouse owner
has no sympathy for the sheep
because the sheep are stupid
they're the sheep
they're dumb
look at them
they're eating grass
they're idiots
come here
I'm gonna kill you
you're gonna kill them
because they're fucking morons
you don't respect them
that's how they view us
and I completely know they do
because that's how I view people
I'm not even in their position
it takes
this is how you view people
it takes one to know one
this is how you view people
no
I'm telling you
I'll explain it to you
I grew up in a council house
I grew up in England
on public housing
in a single family household
I was as broke as people get
we had no food in our house
we had no heating
I didn't have any money
to the age of 25
now I'm 38
I have hundreds of millions of dollars
and I'll tell you something
when a poor person
comes up to me
and they're 38
and they go
oh I can't pay my bills
you know what I think
I think I did it
all those times
I was working
and you were asleep
all those times
I never gave up
all those times
I educated myself
how hard I was on myself
and you know what you did
you jerked off the porn
and you laid in bed
I don't feel sorry for you
so you believe in free will
no
I believe
that everyone in the world
has exactly what they deserve
and this is why I am saying
that I know how they think
because imagine
if me after a short decade
of being rich
looks at people
who did not try
and does not feel sympathy for them
imagine you were born
into a banking dynasty
how you view the plebs
imagine how they view us
that's why they sent us
to wars to die
they don't give a shit about us
they're born into banking dynasties
they see us as what we are
sheep
in a farm
of regulation
run by Ursula
but it's not that
they're bad people
they're so detached
from society
completely
they never went
to speak with normal people
they just
in their
bubble
so it's not that
I'm just supporting
my previous argument
they're just
stupid
they're innocent
but they don't know better
there's different ways
to look at it
I agree with you
you can still be mad
with them
because they're stupid
even if they're
because the damage
they're doing it
they're sending
the Ukrainian youth
to die
and the Russian youth
to die
and people are just
lapping it up
and I'm saying
let's forget about stupid
let's put it this way
the people who are in charge
do not respect us
because we keep falling
for their fucking stupid
obvious lies
you don't respect somebody
who falls for obvious lies
you don't
I don't
nobody does
why
if you were to go up
to a random person
on the street
and say the sky is green
and they would look up
and go is it
yeah the sky is green now
okay
you wouldn't respect that person
you'd be like
well you're a dummy
you can see it's blue
I told you it's green
you just believe me
so imagine
so when they
your blue
might be his
that's the world they want
subjectivity
but this is the point
so when they print
bullshit in the media
and everyone instantly
believes it
they don't respect us
when they say
COVID is real
be afraid
they don't respect you
when you put a mask on
you are inviting
your own decimation
because you are acting
in a way
that make them
despise you
we respect people
who are respectable
when they say
Andrew takes a human trafficker
and you go
Andrew takes a human trafficker
you're just proving
to the people
in charge of the world
that you deserve slavery
because you believe
anything you're told
you're an idiot
and I'm telling you
that's how I view them
so imagine how
these people view them
it takes one to know one
I'm not a hero sir
I'm an anti-hero
I'm Batman
I'm the bad guy
who can fight the bad guys
I know how they think
I've been in their minds
I've been in the rooms
with the mafia gangs
where they talk about
getting rid of the other gangs
I've been in the rooms
where assassinations were planned
I know exactly
how these people think
which is why I know
the European Parliament
inside out
despite never stepping foot in it
I know the mob
when I see the mob
they're a fucking gang
and all they're interested in
is power and control
head to toe
I've seen this play out
a thousand different times
in drug dealer territories
that's all this shit is
because this is very hard
and pessimistic
I will tell you my idea
for you to be excited
Milton Friedman
you like
you know him
he's a famous economist
he said that
we don't need to change
choose the right politicians
we need to make
for the wrong politicians
profitable
to do the right thing
okay
so now
for the first time
in human history
we can organize
society
to do stuff
with social media
and all this
and to make it
the right thing
for the society
to want it
and then it will be
politically profitable
for the politicians
to do it
so even the bad politicians
will be forced
to do the right thing
so the society
organized
to want the right thing
might be
one very
like
that's why I'm very excited
about democracy
and like
the future of democracy
because
in social media
because you can organize
the masses
with the truth
and the right ideas
to want the right thing
and make it obvious
for the politicians
to do the right thing
I'm curious to hear
your thoughts on this
I agree with you
I would word it differently
but I agree with you
I think the most important thing
now that we have X
because Elon
has effectively
along with Chris
at Rumble
those two guys
have saved the world
they have saved
the world
because now
we can do something
we could never do previously
which is shift
the Overton window
what we have to do
is shift the Overton window
you know a lot of people
don't understand me
and a lot of people say
why does he say
the controversial things
he says
and the primary objective
is to make people think
not to agree with me
to think
I'll say something
which might be deemed racist
or misogynistic
to make you think
to make you sit there
and go wait
is that even true
no I disagree with that
here is why I disagree
to articulate a point of view
because the Overton window
is here
we're only allowed
to talk about
the decorations
on the Christmas tree
I want to talk about
the tree
and to push the limits
of the Overton window
you have to say
the things you're not
allowed to say
that's the reason
I say the things I say
that's the reason
I say them the way
I say them
that's the reason
I've done the things I do
to push the window
over the Overton window
to eventually
it gets large enough
we're not talking
about the decorations
we're talking about
whether there should
be a tree at all
that's why I'm
largely misunderstood
so you're completely correct
but what we have to do
now that we have
an open and free media
now with X
which is replacing
legacy media
which is nothing more
than a propaganda arm
of the matrix
as we've just discussed
we have to push
the Overton windows
and get people discussing
and talking about
these things
talking about the fact
that tax
is based on patriotism
that tax
is very easily avoidable
with complicated tax structures
with international companies
all the rich people do it
why would a French billionaire
give France money
if he hates France
if it doesn't feel like France
he will just hire an accountant
and hire a lawyer
and base it out
of the Cook Islands
they all do
so we have to talk
about these things
the European Parliament
will sit down
and talk about tax codes
and nobody will sit there
and say that tax
requires patriotism
if you want people
to have a tax base
they have to love
where they live
and they're going to love
where they live
if they love their neighbor
and they'll love their neighbor
if they think the same
as their neighbor
nobody talks about these things
that's why we have to
shift the Overton window
and then you're right
when the Overton window
has been shifted
when conversations are happening
which they don't want us
to have
when we're finally doing things
we're not supposed to do
which is thinking for ourselves
when the media is saying
Andrew Tate's a human trafficker
people are finally sitting there going
I don't believe you
all you do is lie
when people are starting
to use their own minds
then
and only then
it's a sign with Trump
now that what we're saying
is true
because the legacy media
portrayed him as the evil Satan
and now he was elected
with everything
with the popular world
all this stuff
so then things can change
then it will no longer
be profitable
to be a fake politician
or at least
what the first thing
we have to do
and I think this is
the most important thing
because we've yet
to truly do it
what we have to do
initially is identify
which of the politicians
are fake
and which of the politicians
don't
you know
I've always thought
if Europe is democratic
I don't understand why
maybe there is
perhaps you can correct
maybe there is
is there a voting history
of every single politician
in the European Parliament
there is
you can see
publicly accessible
but a lot of the times
they choose something
to not be
because we vote
by a raise of hand
so they manipulate
whatever are the important things
that they don't want
the public to not
to vote by a raise of hand
that's right
so it's not all the times
a lot of the times
you can find
so if it's an important thing
you vote by raise of hand
so they can lie about the vote
and you can't even see
who voted what
and if it's garbage
like the tinsel on the tree
it's all recorded
the first thing
that should happen
in a democratic place
accountability
who is voting for what
who is voting for what
we live in the European Union
you're in the European Parliament
nobody even knows
who's voting for what
even if you know
nobody cares
that's a problem
nobody cares
because they lost their trust
they lost their
they lost the game
European
that's right
I think
I
like they spent probably
millions
I don't know
maybe tens of millions
so far in the European Union's history
to kind of make everyone
feel European
and everyone explain
what's the institutions
are doing
and how it's functioning
I'll tell you why nobody cares
and I did more with my videos
in six months
exactly
than the European Union did
because you made people understand it
and they don't want people
to understand it
they just want to give feel good words
European word
democracy
gender equality
because all their videos
is like sucking their dick
yeah
net zero
we're best
they don't want to make people
understand it
and they don't want people
to understand it
because it's a Fugazi
it's all the Fumus
the thing that's interesting is this
the reason most Europeans
have checked out
is because the European dream
currently as it stands
Ursula
the European dream
is to get as rich as possible
and leave
the European dream
as it stands currently
is to get money
and move to Dubai
I don't know a single person
in London who made money
who didn't move
not one
every single person
who made money
moved to Dubai
set up a company
and paid no tax
done
all of them
100% without fail
UK is now losing
more millionaires
than any other country
in the world
tax base is destroyed
completely bankrupt
the European dream
as it currently stands
is to get rich
and bounce
that's how bad
the European continent
has become
in fact
the second place
to that
is to get rich
and move far
into the countryside
where no one can find you
to avoid all the cities
and avoid all the other people
and hide somewhere
on a farm
that's the European dream
that's how much people
have lost faith
in their politicians
lost faith in their cities
and lost their national pride
you expect them to pay
50% taxes
or you're out of your mind
that's the European dream
that's the Europe you've created
and that's what you've done
you've destroyed it
it's wrecked
and it's not going to come back
until people love Europe again
and they're not going to love Europe
until they believe
in their leaders
are doing the right thing
until they stop sending money
to fucking foreign wars
that no one's interested in
until they start caring
about people's actual concerns
and discussing openly
and transparently
them in parliament
that's when people
are going to care again
until then it's wrecked
it's over
are you optimistic
about the future of democracy
do you even like democracy
do you think it's the right system
by the way
guys
it's okay to question democracy
we had horses in the past
and we moved on to cars
and now
maybe we evolved
to something better
so democracy is cool
do you like democracy?
well
we don't have democracy
because when the people vote
opposite to the matrix
supposedly the Russians did it
in Georgia
in Romania
in America
as soon as they vote
against Ursula
the Russians did it
so we don't have democracy anyway
as soon as the people
it's interesting
we're talking about Romania
as soon as the people
vote for their own interests
Putin convinced them
what kind of garbage
bullshit lie is this?
as soon as the people
vote for
you know
what's good for them
the Russians
made them do it
very interesting
so you know
what Russia wants
let's talk about this
and then we'll go about
the future of democracy
it's interesting
do you know what Russia wants?
Russia wants exactly
what we're doing right now
it wants a bunch of
incompetent idiot leaders
focused on transsexuals
and windmills
instead of
instead of
that's what he wants
instead of competent
nationalists
concerned with the economy
and raising strong men
Russia would fear
a nationalistic Europe
where you had people
raising strong men
going
joining the army
strong economies
energy efficiency
patriotism
men prepared to die
for a piece of land
that's what they fear
Russia does not fear a Europe
I agree
where men are hated
demonized
the army nobody joins
they have no economy
and the people who
they're bringing in
from the third world
would never fight
to protect the place
Russia
if it could control
our politics
which it can
would make them vote
make us vote
for the exact people
currently in power
leftist psychos
which are wrecking the place
so Russia's certainly
not trying to get us
to put nationalists in
divide and rule
and we do it
by ourselves
to ourselves
so I agree with you
this is not the biggest
race issue
it's important
gay people
I love gay people
I love even transgender people
but this is not
there is
1 million people
dying right now
I'm dying right now
in the Ukraine
that's a big priority
so we need to understand
what is the priority
of Europe
and how to
and we're fighting
about important things
but not the most important
things that we have
in front of us
well absolutely
I mean Russia and NATO
are going to be adversarial
there's Russia tried
to join NATO
no one talks about this
we didn't let them
we wanted them to be an enemy
we then encroached
on their land
we then expanded
to the borders of Russia
we tried to incorporate
Ukraine also
NATO started the war
with Russia
that's what happened
firstly
provoked
United States
provoked the war
I agree with this theory
guys you can go
and research
maybe we're wrong
so if Europe
is an enemy to Russia
and you're in charge
of Russia
no let's explain
to them
because like
so what we're saying
is that
Russia
like what they want
they don't want
NATO in their borders
so if Russia
goes in Mexico
and builds
military bases
next to it
is United States
going to allow it
probably not
so this is
what we're saying
so they
that they provoked
they knew that
Russia will not like this
they knew that
they will have a problem
with and we still
went ahead and do it
and Europe the same thing
this is what we mean
that yeah
completely correct
if Russia tried to build
military bases in Mexico
America would not allow it
and it would fight back
and that's exactly
what we did
we tried to build bases
on the edge of Russia
this is the simple version
it's two evils fighting
it's not one good and bad
there's never good and bad
in the world
yes
there's never good and bad
there's always
it's varying shades of grey
the world is complicated
but my point is
simply that Russia
views Europe
adversarily currently
of course it does
we're using storm shadow
missiles from Britain
to hit Russian targets
inside of Russia
so Russia sees Europe
as an enemy
so let's ask
let's ask ourselves
a pertinent question
as intelligent individuals
if Russia sees Europe
as an enemy
why would it be
influencing elections
to bring in
competent nationalists
which will promote
masculinity
and promote patriotism
promote national pride
and promote energy efficiency
inside of countries
wouldn't they instead
try and weaken their enemy
by bringing in
insane leftists
who are only concerned
with windmills
and dumb shit
and letting the economies
collapse like Europe
currently is
isn't Russia very happy
with our current leadership
because they're all
fucking imbeciles
that's what they want
they want us to sit
around and die
we just talked for the last
two hours about why
Europe's collapsing
that's what Russia wants
so when they say
they tried to vote
in a competent national
so when we talk about
Europe influencing elections
and trying to bring in
somebody who's going to
save the nation
that doesn't even make sense
because Russia doesn't want that
let's talk about this
so in Moldova
they did the elections
and it was 51%
they chose
kind of the European
Europe was fine
cool
thank you
we are with you
and like
but it's an interesting
question inside
how they
if
because we're saying
it was Russian influence
so what is this
Russian influence
it's one
actually Moldovan guy
that is an oligarch
very rich guy
that was giving
pension money
to the people
what we did
to influence
but it was related
to Russia
and all this stuff
so what we did
we gave them money
to build the roads
and all this stuff
still we gave them money
so similar way
so what you consider
interference
and influence
we are influencing also
and that
is that
why we always label
ourselves
in Europe
as the good ones
and the bad ones
we're doing
basically the same thing
so but in Moldova
it was okay
elections were good
but the same thing
didn't happen in Georgia
the same thing
didn't happen in Romania
so now we lost
so we say
democratic backslide
the problem
with
I don't know
maybe they are right
that it was some influence
in Romania
we don't know 100%
but it seems
also with Georgia
whatever we don't like
we label it as
wrong elections
and they are not
so we don't have
democracy here
do we
because what we do
as soon as it comes out
with an election result
that we don't like
which I've just explained
isn't even Russia
we blame Russian influence
at the same time
how is the mainstream media
which is pushing
European values
all day every day
not election interference
how is the mainstream media
which is nothing but pro-EU
not election interference
how is like you just said
all the investment
we put in these countries
giving them money
and buying all their politicians
not election interference
it's bullshit
influence is a subjective word
it's garbage
what truthfully happens is
we give people two choices
they're only allowed to pick one
we pick the other one
we play the game again
that's what's really happening
so we don't even have
democracy anymore
so here's the thing
that's so interesting
you asked me
do I believe in democracy
well we don't have it
so the first thing
is we don't have it
second thing
do I believe in true democracy
the idea of purely true democracy
yes
but then
this begs questions
I can't answer these questions short
because it begs questions
if I lived in a fictional nation
that had true democracy
every single issue
was voted on
by the population
every day we woke up
and we had to tick yes or no
on a bunch of issues
every single person
and true democracy
was enacted
if that was the case
I would be extremely
protective of my borders
I wouldn't want people
coming in
who think different to me
I'd now become
extremely nationalistic
extremely border protective
because now
people come into my country
they can mess it up
so we have two
we have true democracy
vote for garbage
what happened in the United States
20 million people
came in
in five years
they're going to
five ten years
where they're going to
have a citizen
deeper down
deeper down the rabbit hole
here's what's even deeper
down the rabbit hole
and 20 million people
maybe 30
we don't know the numbers
it's 10% of the population
here's where it's deeper
down the rabbit hole
if we had a true democracy
another reason I would be
so protective of my borders
is not because people
are going to join
and vote
against my interests
because if we have
an open border
the people don't even
have to show up
I can just start
losing elections
and they can lie
that people have turned up
because no one knows
how many are there
they can then
rig democracy
and they can then
destroy democracy
and cheat
by allowing people in
the point of the open border
is not for them to vote
because they don't vote
because they're illegal immigrants
and they're busy
they don't care about the country
the point is to let them in
so that they can lie
about the vote
rig the vote
and then tell you
that they did vote
when they didn't vote
the actual true red pills
these people don't even vote
they lie
so then we have to go down
I'm not sure
but it's a good case
that you're making
so now
so do I believe
in true democracy
for a nation
that has a solid wall
around it
armed by guards
sure
do any of those nations exist
no
so we don't have
democracy anyway
and if we did
we would need borders
that nobody has anyway
the countries that do have
those borders
even the function of democracy
how it is
like every five years
we vote for one person
out of the two three choices
of the biggest parties
that they came from
tinsel on the tree
tinsel on the tree
the big three parties
all agree about the tree
it's tinsel on the tree
the countries that do have
borders like that
that are that strict
China
we're isolated
they don't have democracy
anyway
so you're asking me
do I believe in democracy
it's quite interesting
however
let me ask you something
you just said Dubai
it's amazing what they did
in 50 years
do you know why they got
so much done in 50 years
because they're not
arguing with each other
about who should be in charge
is democracy efficient
does it get things done
I mean in Dubai
it just says do it
it's done
in the European Parliament
we have to talk about it
for three years
and we have to decide
who's going to do it
then people are going to argue
about it
big discussion
blah blah blah
as we lose
China's winning
China's taking over
why
one do
fix it
do it
done
democracy's not efficient
so here's the thing
that's really interesting
democracy
you are suffering
from inefficiency
to be replaced with
you're suffering
from inefficiency
so you can have representation
but if you don't have
representation
because democracy
is not real
you're just inefficient
and you're just going to
lose for nothing
it's like paying
for a car
and never getting the car
so you're asking me
so you don't believe
in democracy
well I'm saying
I'm saying
not even with the
correct terms
I'm saying
if I'm going to live
in an inefficient society
if I'm going to live
inefficiently
I want my representation
if I pay for
you believe in
enlightened dictatorship
I'm believing it
if I pay for something
I want it
if I give you money
give me my chocolate bar
if I give you inefficiency
give me my representation
I believe in being
fairly compensated
they're not giving me
what they promised
they're lying to me
they're telling me
that if I give them
$100,000
they'll give me a car
and I'm giving them
$100,000
and they're not
giving me a car
so you're saying
do I believe in democracy
no currently
what I believe in
currently
now that I've seen
how democracy isn't real
I don't get the representation
how inefficient it is
how quickly we're collapsing
the fact that the whole world
is coming here
and replacing us
the fact that all
the other countries
are doing better than us
and now outpacing us
the fact that America
UAE, Middle East, China
everyone's leaving Europe
in the dust
you can look at it on paper
you can look at it
in statistics and numbers
since 2001 to now
Europe's done nothing but fail
considering that we are
the bedrock of western civilization
we have beautiful history
and beautiful people
who are soon going to be
decimated and replaced
I'm saying no
your democracy is garbage
and we're getting nothing done
give me a competent leader
who's the boss
and this is the cycle of the world
because this is not a new
chain of thought
we have a king
and the king is fantastic
and people love the king
and he does a good job
for the country
and then his son comes
and his son's not quite
as good as the old one
but he does his best
and then the grandson comes
and the grandson is spoiled
and he's an idiot
and he does drugs
and nobody likes him
so they get rid of the king
and we bring in democracy
to choose our own leader
and we do it
and we choose our own leader
at the beginning
and he is chosen fairly
at the beginning
he is fair
and he does his absolute best
and then the next guy is chosen
and the next guy is worried
about the upcoming election
so he changed the rules
a little bit
so that his people
can start to win
and over time
the election comes
well the same guy
cares about the election
not the next guy comes
that's right
the same guy cares
about the re-elections
that's right
and over time
democracy becomes
so re-elections is a problem
in democracy
you know my friend
I see it in the European parliament
and it's disgusting
most of our conversations
that we have
with other members
is about them getting re-elected
not about
these members
what I will do
for me to get re-elected
for the next five years
okay help me
come to us
help me with social media
do explain me this
how I will get
so I cannot do this
because I will get re-elected
so maybe
if we had only one mandate
and no re-election
I'm sure the world
will be able to take place
well this is my point
so as democracy gets decadent
just like the royalty
got decadent
we then
enter the stage we are now
where we want to go
the world is cyclical
we had a royal family
they became trash
we got democracy
it becomes trash
and now what do we want
we want a king again
you ask any American
make Trump forever president
until the day he dies
everyone will say yes
we don't want democracy anymore
we want Trump
Trump's the king
we'd all say yep
Trump's the king
Trump and Elon
they're the kings
we want kings back
because democracy
has now failed
so when you ask me
do I like democracy
it's a very interesting question
because I don't see
any of these nations
as democratic anyway
we don't have a democracy
so all we have
is brutal inefficiency
we have a circus
we have clowns
we have a waste of time
we have a waste of money
and all of it's bullshit anyway
and then when you talk about it online
they do what they did to me
which is throw me in jail
to shut you up
but I'm so stupid
I keep doing it
I would say one controversial idea here
sure
Elon Musk fire 80% of Twitter
yep
and it seems that it's functioning better
100%
with 80% of the people less
which is crazy
what if
what if
I'm just saying in a hypothetical word
just bear with me
what if we fire 80% of the bureaucrats in the EU
oh
nothing would change
it'd be better
so I think
okay we're going to save
I did the math
we're going to save 5 billion every year
but
Zelensky needs it
so let's save the money
but
the biggest advantage
it will be that
we are not going to have
all these people
just for their job
to regulate
so we're going to get
less regulation
yep
as a byproduct
of saving this
and
okay
maybe the system
will collapse
as it currently is
but it needs to be
some reshape
like Twitter is
I don't think
it's a very controversial idea
from the inside scene
no
that would fix everything
firing 80% of bureaucrats
would fix everything
but I have a different
I have a different theory
I have a different appeal
I'm going to make
to the world
my appeal is
to the American military
which has spent its time
going to Middle Eastern countries
where the local populations
hate them
and they have to deal
with hostile populations
and insurgencies
instead
please invade Europe
please invade Europe
Trump
and Elon
please invade Europe
because the locals
want you here
there's not going to be
any insurgency
there'll be no IEDs
there'll be no local resistance
I promise
the countries of Europe
cannot fight against
the American might
now that Trump and Elon
is in charge
please load up the boats
get the battlecruisers
please invade Europe
and you will see
cheers
and crowds
of people
which are
celebrating your arrival
get rid of all of these
insane leftist bureaucrats
get rid of the EU government
put us all under Trump's control
and we'll be a happy place
that's what I want
I want Trump and Elon
to invade Europe
take control of everything
and let them run it
do you
what is the next
government system
looks like
do you think
it will be democracy
where the world
is evolving with this
all this cryptocurrency
with all this stuff
like decentralization
do we still have countries
that's a really good question
that's such a good question
and that's the world
we're moving to now
with AI
and these things
that are going to
come and happen
it's very interesting
you say
do we even still have countries
I believe Europe
is going to be left behind
I think that America
with now
Doge doing what
you just described
they're going to fire
80% of the government
I think Elon
is not only
a fantastic person
but he's in charge
of the most leading
industries in the world
Elon is the only person
who's putting things
in space
he's in charge
of electric vehicles
he's the only one
trying to fix traffic
with his boring company
he's the only one
doing all these
important things
we need to explain
a bit
how big
because
a lot of the times
we talk about
Elon Musk
but guys
he has
his company
SpaceX
is doing 80%
of the heavy lifting
of the world
into space
so just a private company
we're talking about
China
United States
France
all these countries
Europe together
and he's doing more
in space
by himself
that's right
which is crazy
and that's why
it's amazing
well
what's interesting about that
is how much money
NASA had for so long
but then you have to
analyze these things
and understand that
the most inefficient
use of money
and this ties into
what you were saying
is government
because government
government is not
incentivized
for efficiency
so when you move
things from the government
to the private sector
a private company
like SpaceX
that has to make money
needs to become
very efficient
and very good
at putting rockets
in space
as cheaply as possible
without having
too many staff
so they can make a profit
the government
doesn't make a profit
so when you have
NASA
and just funnel the money
they waste it all
and they spend it all
on trannies
I know you don't like
me mentioning it
but I'm going to
so they do
they had DEI
and gender equality
all this shit
you're supposed to be
putting rockets in space
you're talking about
transsexuals
dumb shit
so the most efficient way
you can actually use money
is to never give it
to government
because government
don't care about
doing anything with it
it's to give it
to private companies
deregulate
make government smaller
get rid of the European Parliament
and give it to people
said one very interesting idea
if you have a park
who you trust with
you trust the government
or you need the park
to have an owner
to be able to make it
a good park
always the park
that has an owner
will be more clean
better functioning
instead of the government
but I don't know
where do you draw the line
on what is the work
of the government
because some health care
some things are needed
so definitely
not all these ministers
and all these
how we have it
and all this inefficiency
and all these bureaucrats
but it needs to be about
some important things
but I don't know
where do we draw the line
it's interesting
yeah the line is
the line's ever changing
and it's difficult to draw
I completely understand it
a lot of this is ideological
because leftists
people who believe
the government
should always give them things
don't understand the economy
economics
and they don't understand
the government
will always give you things worse
than private individuals
who give you things
they're stupid
so they think
oh the government
needs to give us everything
not understand the government
wastes all the money
they're given
they have a 1% efficiency rate
whereas a person
like you said
an owner
has a much higher efficiency rate
so you're right
getting rid of all the bureaucrats
is completely true
when I talk about Trump
and Elon invading Europe
what I'm trying to say
is just give us competent leaders
who understand
or reduce the size of government
I wasn't making a genuine threat
against the European parliament
before I got a Euro poll warrant
but it's interesting
the situation we're in
it's very interesting
what the future is
because the future
is going to be AI
to a degree
AI is China and America
as much as I talk anti-West
I don't like the idea
of China winning the superpower
I don't think we're going to have
any more freedom
under a Chinese superpower
than we would as an America
as a superpower
there's only one superpower
on earth at any one time
we talk about the West
and I talk anti-West
all the time
I will argue with you
on this
China didn't start
so many wars
no they didn't
so they are
they are clever
they are very clever
foreign policy
they are clever
they get an A
starting foreign policy
you're right
they use soft power
they don't use hard power
America uses hard power
and American foreign policy
is destructive
and homicidal
I agree with you
however
I am anti-Western
typically the way I speak
I point out
the holes in democracy
and the holes in this facade
and this circus
and the reason
I will say what I say
and the reason
I want America
to be the superpower
is that
if I was anti-China
in China
I'd be dead
here
here they've locked me up
but they haven't killed me
if I was anti-Russia
if I was anti-Russia
in Russia
if I was anti-Putin
I'd be dead
if I was anti-Salman
in Saudi
I'd be dead
but here in Europe
they let me talk
you are half dead
they take all my money
and they put me in jail
but they haven't killed me
it's true
it's true
you're right
I'm very realistic
Assange
they could have killed him
they didn't
12 years in Belmarsh
didn't deserve it
but they could have killed him
and they didn't
so we are empathetic
so I like
in the space race
in the new arms race
of AI
which is America
versus China
Europe has no place
in it anyway
Europe are nobodies
it would be hard
to catch up
so Europe are nobodies
Europe are left behind
Europe are going to become serfs
they're already serfs
to America
already
but now America
is going to leave them behind
because America is changing
and Europe isn't
the problem is
if Europe has a resurgence
if Farage gets in charge
if all these extreme
these sensible parties
in Europe get in charge
they can go along
with America
but America is now
changing tracks
we're on the same track
America is about to change off
you're going to stay
with America
or you're going to be
left behind
that's what's going to happen
so we're going to see
but I hope America
by the way
you can't understand
how much shake
in the European party
was when Trump was elected
like they're afraid
as fuck
they should be
daddy's home
daddy's home
it's like the children
have been running around
making a mess
and now daddy's home
and you know how
I know daddy's home
it's really interesting
here in Romania
they just overthrew
the elections
because the Russians
made people vote
for somebody
who actually cared
about them
funny
and then
so you think
the Russians made
zero
I have to be careful
I'm still in Romania
I don't want to talk
about the Romanian election
because they're already
raiding houses
for anyone who talks about it
okay
a lot of people
have already gone to jail
for talking about it online
democracy
it's good that they have
immunity
they cannot take me
to jail
you're alright
but um
everyone's tweeting
at Trump for help
both sides
of every argument
now in the world
you know how you know
Trump's the man
you look at any argument
you look at any problem
in the world
any dispute
Putin, Zelensky
Israel, Gaza
whatever
everyone is saying
to Trump
he's not even
the president yet
and everyone's saying
Trump help up
choose our team
also to Elon as well
which is interesting
yeah
Elon and Trump
are the only people
they want
it's interesting
thought that you're
saying they're
turning to them
so it shows
who are we
who's the real boss
who's the daddy
yes
so now the European
parliament
who've been nothing but
nobody's turning to
so I wonder
no one gives a shit
about her
so
no one's tweeting her
so now all the
European parliament
members who've been
doing nothing but
try and get reelected
to steal money
they realize daddy's home
daddy's back
hello
and they're scared
why did they not
want Trump to win
because he's racist
bullshit
because then daddy
is home
if you're a thief
you don't want the
police in charge
you don't want the
police to be good
and strong when
you're a thief
that's why
now they have a
competent leader in
America
you know what
they're really afraid
of with Trump
they're afraid of
exactly what's
going to happen
they're afraid of
Trump and Elon
reducing the size
of government
bringing America
back to its
former glory
fixing the border
making America
great again
and Europeans
sitting here going
wait a second
that's what a
leader can do
in two years
you've been a
member of parliament
for 20 years
they're afraid of
the accountability
that comes
with their
inefficiency
being highlighted
by competent
leaders in America
that's why they
didn't want Trump
because they know
he's going to win
they don't want him
to win
because he's going
to win so much
that their losses
are going to be
highlighted
like a bat signal
in the sky
they're scared of
Trump
because when Trump
starts fixing America
they're going to
realize they're now
expected to fix
their country
and they had no
intention of ever
doing it
if they were even
capable
most of them
probably aren't
even competent
enough because
they got there
on some fucking
gender garbage
that's why they're
scared of Trump
if I was them
I'd be scared too
you want to know
the answer of the
a lot of people
that I'm asking
the European
parliament
what you did
in the last 25
years
it's not very
satisfying to be
honest that I
asked you
it's like I
changed this thing
on this text
that didn't really
have a power
so it's like
even the smartest
people
but there is
some key people
out of the 720
people
there is some
I don't know
20, 30
that they chose
they were put
to be responsible
for the right
files
at the right
time
that had
a big impact
but how they
were being
chosen
that they
were maybe
I don't know
the people
that were going
to write
what the metrics
in a way
said
they wanted
them
too
right
so it's
interesting
so it's
like even
from the
inside
as much
power
I cannot
change a lot
of things
in legislation
so it's
like I
asked them
what you
did for 10
years
nobody gave
I'm a man
of substance
what the
fuck you
did
and if
they tell
me
they did
nothing
they collected
a paycheck
they collected
a pension
they sat
there when
they were
supposed to
sit there
and they
did absolutely
nothing
and that's
why Europe
is collapsing
and I hope
that you
have inspired
I mean it
sounds like
you have
I hope
you've inspired
more and more
politicians to be
transparent
because truthfully
when I first
saw your videos
I said to Tristan
this guy's brave
I really said to
Tristan he's going
to catch a case
I can't believe
they're letting you
make these videos
I am so impressed
by you
and impressed
by the fact
you're still here
impressed by the fact
you came to see me
you're a very brave
man sir
truthfully
and I think you're
saving the world
I think you're doing
something which is
extremely important
which is highlighting
the inefficiency
one of the good
things that if I was
first of all I got elected
independent in my country
beautiful
I was elected
I'm a YouTuber
I know nothing about
politics
vote for me guys
and we're going to
learn together
and I was the most
voted person in my
country in the elections
so I went to the
European party
and also I'm
independent there
so I don't have
anyone to tell me
what to do
and that's
that's very important
what we're discussing
I don't have anyone
to control me
nobody pays
for my elections
nobody
I don't have a party
behind me
to tell me
what to do
or not to do
so I have the freedom
to actually do
what I think
is right
so it's like
and I think
we're moving
to this world
because now
we have
influencer
YouTubers
their power
like you cannot
understand
like my country
is like
it came with
drones
and the people
were fighting
with sticks
I was doing
live stream
and nobody
understood
what the stuff
I was cutting
stuff on short
from content
from my podcast
I had a podcast
in my country
and it's like
everyone's
oh
but they
they didn't
understand
and I ended up
having most votes
than any other
party in Cyprus
and I was like
fuck
this guy
is so stupid
in politics
he doesn't understand
which is true
but he got
all these votes
so it's like
we have the power
now in the world
we have the power
and you know
I was the most
googled man
in the world
a few years ago
and I'm still
pretty well known
and as much
as I've spoken
hyperbolically
and I've tried
to be to a degree
provocative
to make people think
I actually
truthfully
to all the members
of the European Parliament
and Ursula herself
and all of these people
I actually hope
they just do their job
and represent the people
if I could talk
to Ursula ever
which I probably
never would
I'd say
hello
you obviously
know something
about the world
because you've
ended up
where you are
I think it's
about time
now
in your twilight years
on earth
for you to be
remembered
in the right way
and you're
going to be
remembered
in the right way
if you start
actually listening
to the people
caring what
they actually say
and doing the right
thing for the people
you're deemed
to represent
you can chase money
you can chase power
all of that's fleeting
God is watching us all
and we're all
going to die one day
and I think that
you would have
a much happier
afterlife
knowing that
you're going to
be remembered
as somebody
who cared
about their people
and cared
about their concerns
the concerns
may make you
uncomfortable
you may disagree
with the concerns
you may disagree
with everything I've said
it may be
uncomfortable
it may be annoying
the way I've said it
I may have offended you
but I'm telling you
what people think
I'm telling you
what they're worried about
and instead of
seeing me as an enemy
all the members
of the European Parliament
instead of seeing me
as a bad guy
you should actually
listen to me
and understand
why I have
such a huge following
and instead
do your job
as a politician
a representative
of the people
and undertake change
which is going to
affect people's lives
in a positive way
that's what I think
the members of the European Parliament
Okay
and I have
the last question
but I want to say
that
me
when I came here
like I got so
many texts
that don't do this
don't do this
because like
I am kind of
now I'm innocent
stupid
24 year old
in the European Parliament
that is associating myself
with like
you
that you have like
all this
kind of drama
around
your name
so
but I was like
fuck them
fuck them
I want to talk
everyone in the world
even people
that they killed
even people
I want to understand
what they said
and this is the world
that I want to live
to hear
the perspective
of the others
and maybe I'm wrong
maybe I'm
I have
a mistake
but anyway
I'm very happy
that I came
so am I
and we need to
wish this is your
one of the last
podcasts that you're
going to do
in 2024
I think so
yes
yeah yeah
but hopefully
let's catch up
in a few years
and the world
will be fixed
and Europe
will be back
and we'll be back
on the stage
and Trump
will be in turn
everything will be great
again
we can fix it sir
in a couple years
we're going to be back
we can do it
let's be positive
yes
Merry Christmas
to everyone
thank you for listening
but I will ask you
the last question
I ask everyone
in the podcast
that I do
you are going to die
in one minute
30 seconds
what do you want
your last words
to be in this planet
my last words
on this planet
is I want to be
remembered as a brave
person who always
took the brave choice
I think that
history is only
remembered
history is full of
the men
that did the brave
thing
even if it didn't
work out their way
and I think that
one of the most
important things
you can do as a man
is always take
the brave option
in despite the fact
it may give you
personal detriment
I think that
bravery echoes
into eternity
and there's been
millions of men
who die
we don't remember
their names
but the ones
we remember
we're always doing
something brave
one way or another
and I think that's
the most important
thing you can do
as a man today
we love you all
we love you all
we love you all
we love you all
