First, they try and cancel you.
They can't call me stupid, and they can't call me unsuccessful,
and they can't call me the things they want to call me.
So instead, they have to say I'm a bad person.
Then they put you in jail.
If you ever have anything, people are going to come and try and take it,
which is why they put me in jail in the first place.
I have influence, and they want to take it off me.
And if that doesn't work, they kill you.
Everything comes to an end one day, unless you die.
And if you die, then it doesn't matter anymore.
Andrew Tate.
Welcome to the Jack Neal Podcast.
Why are you still alive?
Well, good to meet you, Jack.
First, to shake hands, thank you.
It's a nice morning, having breakfast, nicotine and caffeine.
Well, I'm still alive, I think,
because I don't think that I'm as high profile as I previously was.
Before, when I was saying those things that they were going to come for me,
I was worried they were going to skip stage two.
But they're now very invested in the second stage.
They're trying very hard to put me in jail.
I was in jail. I'm out.
I think as it stands, I currently have eight ongoing criminal cases,
which is, yeah.
Did they make more money in stage two?
Well, when you analyze these things, it's quite interesting.
If you look at, let's say, the British government,
they can take a prosecutor who makes 30,000, 40,000 a year.
They can type loads of pieces of paper.
They can mess with somebody who's wealthy,
who's going to hire a million pound a month legal team.
And of course, that million pound a month, 50% is tax.
So they're getting half a million a month off a 30 grand a year employee.
And they have all the interests of just keeping it going for as long as possible.
So the UK state, I mean, I don't want to be a conspiracy theorist.
And I have to be careful what I say.
I certainly know.
And what I pretend I don't certainly know.
But let's put it this way.
Romania was a proxy.
They were told by Western powers to mess with me.
And then even though we discussed the matrix
and we talk about how things are set up,
what effectively that happens is
if a Western government says there's a guy in your country
you want him dealt with, a prosecutor will investigate that guy.
They'll put together a case.
It'll go to court.
That's what's happened.
It looks like the judiciary is semi-fair here.
And it's slowly being thrown away little by little.
And I'm winning because I've done nothing wrong.
So now the UK state's like,
oh, we can't trust those darn Romanians.
We'll do it.
So now they've raised a bunch of charges against me
and they're trying to...
I said it on Raheem.
I did one of his podcasts about six, seven months ago.
I said, I believe the UK is going to come for me next.
I literally said the words and within a month.
I don't know if I'm speaking things into reality
or I could just see the future.
I'm not sure which one it is.
But now the UK state's trying to say,
I avoided tax and money laundering and blah, blah, blah.
So we'll see how it all goes.
Are you a citizen of the US or the UK?
UK.
I've got a British passport.
So I actually see myself more English than American.
Because the English culture is a hard one to describe.
You have to grow up with it to understand it.
I can't even begin to explain it to you,
but there's something English inside of me.
Like Americans are all friendly.
Hello.
The English are not that.
You know, if you see someone crash their car,
it's just like, ha, ha, ha.
It's like a different culture thing.
Americans would be like, you okay, buddy?
Yeah.
The English are like, you can't park there.
So I see myself English and I do kind of miss England.
But recently, if you look at Keir Starmer,
what he's just done, locking everyone up for tweets.
It's getting dystopian in the Western world now.
It's getting kind of scary.
So then you sit and think, well, where can you live?
Where can you move to?
I mean, Romania was very good to me.
Romania has no problem with me,
but they're obviously not prepared to protect me
if the price is high enough.
So then you're like, okay, so where do you go?
The world's kind of small.
Where would you move if you had to leave America today?
Maybe Dubai?
Maybe Thailand?
See, Dubai's good.
But you know what the thing,
I love Dubai and I love the idea of Dubai
and it's great.
But for a couple months a year,
because it's a city, it's like one city.
There's nowhere else to go.
And Dubai's full of people I do want to talk to,
but it's also unfortunately full of people
I don't want to talk to, you know?
Like Miami.
Yeah, there's gonna be everyone like, oh, hi.
It's like, oh, go away.
So Dubai, but besides Dubai,
Dubai, which is the obvious choice,
it's harder.
I don't know.
If you think of anywhere, let me know.
I'm thinking Svalbard.
You know, ever heard of Svalbard?
No, where's that at?
It's a tiny island.
I think it's either Danish or Norwegian territory
up near the Arctic Circle.
You don't even need a passport or a visa to live there.
You can just go to Svalbard and live on Svalbard.
I think it's dark for like nine months a year,
but maybe I'll move to Svalbard,
get some huskies, get a pet bear,
sit up there, I'm not sure.
So, Andrew, you've greatly impacted many people,
including myself.
Your mission, the way you carry yourself,
have significantly influenced mine
and many young men's beliefs.
That said, I wanna dive into what truly matters
to you regarding your mission.
Can you elaborate on what your mission is
and why it's important to you?
Well, yeah, that's a very good question.
The primary reason the world is in the mess it's in today
is because masculinity has been under attack
for a very long time.
I wouldn't say it's because I'm particularly good with words.
I just understand that there's not a single societal ill
you can name now that is not directly correlated
to a decline in masculinity.
We could even test it.
You can name a societal ill
and I'll say it's because men aren't men anymore.
Men are the protectors
and men are the ones who enforce boundaries and parameters.
We always have been.
And because that's been declining,
there's been more and more encroachment
on the, not just the fabric of society,
but even the fabric of truth, right?
Even what is a man, what is a woman?
You live in LA, you know better than me, right?
So objective truth is now under assault.
Nobody's kids are safe from the LGBT agenda.
Nobody's country is safe from unchecked migrants
flooding across the border.
Like nothing's safe anymore.
And it's the men's job to say, no, that's enough.
This is a hard parameter.
We refuse to accept it.
This is what men do, not women, typically.
So they attack the men first.
You destroy the warriors of a society
before you want to conquer it.
And it's my goal, I guess, my objective
to just try and restore some of the typically,
traditionally masculine traits
inside of the men of the world today.
And they call that toxically masculine,
which of course is a lie.
It's actually, it's such an interesting,
it's so hypocritical they say toxically masculine
because if they call the police,
they want a toxically masculine man.
If you have to go to war,
you want toxically masculine men.
If you have, if you need a firefighter,
you want a toxically masculine man.
And then they call it all toxic
and try and throw it out the window.
It's so interesting how hypocritical they are.
So if you will often see
the more masculine a society is,
the harder it is to sigh up the populace
because typically in a masculine patriarchal society,
the men protect their women from certain ideals
and they protect their women
from certain degrees of brainwashing.
I'll give you a very simple example.
If you look at the COVID debacle
in every household where the woman was in charge,
I guarantee they were all masked up
and they all took their injections
because they were scared.
They were fearful.
And women are easy to scare.
They're easier to scare than men.
So you can put it all over the news.
Everyone's going to die.
And you can use an emotional argument
because women are typically more emotional than logical.
And you can talk about the fact
that your grandma's going to die
if you don't take the injection
and blah, blah, blah.
In a household ran by the men,
all this crap came on the news.
And unless he's a total pussy,
he was like, you know what?
Just let everyone just calm down.
Let's wait a few weeks.
Just relax before we start getting injections.
Far more calm.
So that's what a man's typical job has always been.
And we've lost that in the West now.
So they can come along with absolute insanity.
And because there's not a male logical barrier
to the emotional arguments,
to the propaganda, to the garbage,
you see the entire population
being brainwashed very, very quickly.
I can give you a very recent example of this.
Joe Biden's the best president ever.
He's not senile.
He's not senile.
Next day.
He's senile.
He must go.
Next day.
Kamala's the best.
Like, boom, boom, boom.
They forgot that they were saying
that Joe Biden was perfectly capable
like two weeks ago.
And nobody liked Kamala.
Even the liberals didn't pretend to like her.
And now they're all like,
Kamala is great.
Kamala is great.
Like, it's like, it's incredible.
But that's because no one comes along
where there's no barrier to the brainwashing.
And a lot of people are fully slave minded.
The world makes a lot more sense
when you understand there's a huge contingent
of people who genuinely want to be slaves
because they feel happier as a slave
because they don't have to think.
And then they don't need
any personal responsibility for themselves.
And they don't have to blame themselves
for their own failings.
So they want to just be part of a lot of a system.
You know, it's like,
it's kind of scary
that they could do COVID all over again.
They could do it all over again.
Like a certain percentage of people
have learned their lesson,
but there's a huge percentage of people
who have learned nothing at all.
Kamala's great.
You know, whatever they're supposed to do.
And a lot of this comes from masculinity.
I think that men as a whole,
call me misogynistic,
that would be terrible.
It's never happened before.
But men as a whole,
we're typically more prepared
to say or do something
which may hurt somebody's feelings
because we believe it's right than a woman.
A woman would be like,
ah, but feelings, feelings, feelings.
And a man would be more logical.
So a man can sit there
and say, no,
she's unfit for the job.
Oh, but she's a black woman,
the first woman president.
I don't care.
She's unfit for the job.
So I think masculinity
solves a lot of the societal ills
that the West is currently facing.
We're certainly going to need it.
We're going to need masculinity
as the world divides
into its two polars.
And we have China, Russia,
and all these other countries
which are very masculine nations.
And we're sitting around arguing
about what a man is,
what a woman is.
It's interesting.
So yeah, I mean, my mission,
I never thought of it as a mission,
but I just saw the world was such bullshit
and I saw the only answer
was a very simple one.
So I thought, okay, well,
let me at least be a beacon for that.
And then I kind of grew a following
and that's where it's going, I guess.
Because truthfully,
and don't interrupt,
but the whole COVID debacle
was literally contingent
on men being pussies.
The reason COVID happened
is because men are pussies.
That's why it happened.
In the countries
where they weren't pussies,
it didn't happen.
And I can give you
a very simple example.
I was sitting here in a restaurant.
My brother was dating
a girl from Kyrgyzstan.
We said, Kyrgyzstan,
what's that like?
And she was describing Kyrgyzstan.
And we said,
what was COVID like during Kyrgyzstan?
I'm like, oh, they tried that.
But within 48 hours,
everyone said, no, I have to work.
I don't care.
COVID was over in three days
in Kyrgyzstan
because the men were like,
I have to go to work, puss off.
That was it.
But in the West,
everyone's such cowards.
Everyone's so scared.
It managed to last
for years and years
because men are the resilience
and men are also the only ones
who are ever going to be able to,
when I say rebellion,
I don't mean violent,
but I do mean rebellion.
If enough of the men,
the male population,
disagree with an idea,
then you can't enforce it.
You can have an idea
that none of the women agree with.
You can still enforce it.
I mean, they can cry and moan.
They can make Facebook posts.
They can put on a pink hat.
And opinion only matters
if it's backed by violence.
That's right.
Nobody gives a shit.
But if the men refuse to listen,
it's different
because exactly, you nailed it.
And opinion only matters
if it's backed by violence.
In fact, nothing in the world
matters unless it's backed by violence.
A court order means nothing
unless it's backed by violence.
Everything in the world is violence.
We live in a violent world
with a whole bunch of layers
on top of it.
So if you don't have the propensity
and capability for violence,
you don't mean anything anyway,
which is actually why
all these people want to be
slave-minded in the first place
because they're sitting in a room
or they're looking around
and they're being told certain ideas
and they understand
if they disagree with those ideas,
they have to defend themselves
and their point of view.
And they don't feel capable
with violence.
So they're like,
ah, they've said Kamala's great.
If I say Kamala's not great,
they're going to yell at me
and I'm scared
of ever even possibly getting violent
because I'm incompetent.
So therefore, Kamala's great.
So that's why they just want
to take away masculinity
and make a whole bunch
of weak pussies
and idiots.
And this is where
a lot of the confusion
comes from my message
because people call me misogynistic
because I talk about
the masculine and feminine frames
and I'm not being insulting
in any way.
When I say a feminine,
the feminine frame
is the frame
which allows you
to be more malleable
as a person.
They see that as an insult,
but it's not an insult.
That's a woman's superpower
that she's malleable.
And the masculine frame
is, no, I'm not malleable.
No, I'm rigid.
I'm obtuse.
And it's this way
and I don't care what you say
and I don't care.
Water and chaos.
You're wrong.
You're wrong.
You're wrong.
Do something.
That's the masculine frame
of it all.
Andrew, I do want to get more
into the 2024 election
in a bit,
but you said recently
that you're enjoying boredom.
You stated fun is haram
and having less fun
is more fun.
Yeah.
How has getting off
house arrest
changed your day-to-day?
I miss house arrest.
I want to go back.
I had no pressure
or stress
to leave my house
under house arrest.
Now, I'm off house arrest.
It's a sunny day.
I have all these fancy cars
and there's so many
nice places to go
and have a coffee
and I feel obligated
to try and live my life.
But on house arrest,
I didn't have to worry
about any of those things.
What is fun?
You live in LA.
You're a young man.
You tell me,
what's fun in the world today?
What's fun?
People like to go to clubs.
Awful.
Anything else?
People like to go to Erewhon.
Do you know what that is?
No.
Oh, it's like a very popular
grocery store.
Very expensive.
This is what I mean.
Go to the grocery stores.
Like, I don't know
what's fun anymore.
I feel like the world's
kind of the same
wherever you are.
People often say to me,
what's Romania like?
And I say, well, yeah,
it's really beautiful.
It's got beautiful nature.
It's got amazing history.
I'm like, what's it like living there?
Well, you either go out
for dinner or you stay home.
In LA, you go out for dinner
or you stay home.
In Tokyo, you go out for dinner
or you stay home.
Like, there's nothing to do
besides go out to eat
or stay in your house.
You can go to clubs
and those kind of things,
but I'm definitely,
certainly past all of that.
So, yeah,
then you have to find fun.
What do I find fun?
I love fighting.
I love driving
because they're very active things
that take my brain off work.
Besides that,
I like to do my work.
My idea of fun
is completing all my emails.
You've been playing
a lot of Uno recently,
haven't you?
Well, Uno is fun.
Now you mention Uno's fun,
but masculine competition is fun.
I think what's fun as a man
is being the best
at anything, right?
So, my girl will say to me,
why do you work all the time?
All you do is work.
I said, no,
because I have to be
the richest man on the planet.
That's why I want
as much money as possible.
She goes, you have enough money.
I was like, I know,
but it's a game.
It's a video game.
I want a high score.
Where do you find competition now?
Well, I live with guys.
I live with my friends
and we make sure
that it's constant
and endless competition
because we live together.
So, if my brother
does 100 pushups,
I have to do 101,
which means he'll do 102
and then I'll do 103
and we'll just call
each other names all day
until thousands
of pushups have been done.
So, I live in a very
masculine environment
because masculine competition
drives you forward.
We all work together.
We all work inside
of the company
and we're very successful.
Uno, of course.
But, yeah,
I don't really know
what's fun anymore.
I feel like
when I was young,
when I was 21, 22,
before the internet
was such a big thing,
before smartphones
were a thing,
people could be
a lot more present
and you could go somewhere
and it could be fun.
But now you have access
to all the world's information
and you have the ability
to view any other place
on the planet
at the same time
you're somewhere else
and you have all these
other people to talk to
and all these things to do.
I just feel like
nothing's really fun anymore
besides working hard
or you need an activity
which is so adrenaline-filled
that it distracts you,
which is why I love
driving fast cars
and fighting
because it's the only time
I'm not thinking about work.
Otherwise, it's like,
okay, I may as well.
Everything else is signaling,
kind of.
Yeah, well, if you even look at
if you look at how things change
when I went to clubs
when I was 21,
everyone was having fun.
Last time I went to a club,
everyone was pretending
to have fun
for an Instagram story.
So they'd sit there like this
and then get their phone out
and go
and then sit
and put it back down.
So the fun
is only for the Instagram.
So we're living in a world now
where no one's actually
trying to have fun.
We're trying to show everyone else
how much fun we're having.
Nobody's actually enjoying anything.
It's just a competition, right?
Of FOMO.
Yeah, so I'm happy
just to get my work done
and maybe I'm starting
to get old after all.
I'm 37, I'm getting old.
I see my kids,
I do my emails,
I train hard,
maybe go for a drive
with a car,
maybe get a coffee.
That's it.
And on house arrest,
I didn't even have to do
the drive and the coffee part.
So it was even more peaceful.
Kind of miss house arrest,
kind of miss jail.
Maybe I should just go
all the way back.
Regarding the current case,
so a Florida judge ruled
that two of the victims
in the case
were lying about the allegation.
Where's the case currently at?
What does that really mean?
The Florida case?
Can you give us
an update on the case?
Yeah, so I have to be careful
what I say,
but basically there was
American girls
who started this whole debacle.
We can go down the rabbit hole
as to whether they were sponsored
by a liberal NGO
to attack us initially
or if their liberal NGO
came along afterwards
to fund their legal bills,
which seems to me
more suspicious
than if they weren't
already set up and sent.
So it's actually very scary.
We can look at it
and remove it from my case.
It's very scary.
If you're a high profile man,
if you're extremely famous
and you talk against the system,
if you talk for the system,
then of course you can
have sex with whoever you want.
You can go to islands,
you can do whatever you want.
But if you talk against the system,
at some point in the future,
all they need to do
is find one girl
and sponsor her to go
and be around you.
You don't need to have
sexual intercourse with her.
You don't need to touch her.
She just needs to be
in your vicinity
for a day or two
and then make crazy accusations.
Can they face any repercussions
for false allegations?
It looks like they're going to
in an American court,
but that puts the Romanian case
in a very difficult situation, right?
Because American court
saying that it was all
started by liars,
but the Romanian police
knew it was started by liars.
I don't think the Romanian prosecutors
or the police were stupid enough
to actually believe
a word they said at all.
They knew it was started by liars
and for some reason
they either saw an opportunity
for personal gain
or they were instructed
by Western governments.
We don't care it's a lie.
Do your absolute best
to wreck these guys.
And I have to be careful
what I say
because I'm in a Romanian
judicial process,
but even when it all
initially started
and I first sat down
with the Romanian police,
they were laughing
at the whole idea
of the story.
Everyone was laughing.
It was all a joke.
And then when I got arrested,
they were like,
yeah, well, you know,
it's life.
Like, yeah, it's not real,
but you know, whatever.
Like, it's just,
it was a very strange scenario.
So I don't know if they're like,
we can get promotions out of this
and some of them
did get promotions.
Perhaps they got the promotion
because they were instructed
to by Western government.
There's a lot of things going on.
However, if anyone thinks
this is about human trafficking,
they're not very smart.
In the power dynamics of Earth,
when there's an opportunity,
you take it.
That's just how it works.
And I guess they thought
this guy has a lot of influence.
He's talking against our agendas
were trying very hard
to convince men
to chop their dicks off.
And he's trying very hard
to make sure they don't.
And we have an opportunity here
we can use to wreck him
and damage his influence,
they so believed.
At least damage his life.
And they did it.
I guess they intended for me
to be mentally broken
when I left the jail,
the solitary confinement cell,
or they intended for me
to go bankrupt
because they tried
to take all my money.
They intended to do
a lot of damage to me
and my influence.
And unfortunately for them,
they have failed.
But they're not done yet.
So we'll see how it goes.
I mean,
there's never been a period
in human history
where you could be a king
of anything and not be at war.
So if you want to become
monumentally famous,
if you want to get
larger and larger,
if you're a podcast
becomes the most famous
podcast in the world,
people are going to come to you
and say,
are you pro trans whatever?
And if you decide to say no,
you need to go to sleep
that night knowing
there's going to be
consequences for that.
That's how it works
in the world.
There's no such thing
as you get to just get big
and say whatever you want.
There's a reason
all the celebrities
all say the same thing.
The soul selling process
I've explained before,
but it's pretty simple.
Most things are gate kept.
So if you look at,
if you're a sports star,
you're on a team.
If you say things
you're not supposed to say
you're off the team.
If you're a music star,
you have a producer
or a record label.
If you're on YouTube,
right?
They'll take you off YouTube.
Most things are gate kept.
To become famous
without a gatekeeper
is very unusual,
which is what I managed to do
because I wasn't on a platform
they could quite easily
or quickly delete me from.
But when you're gate kept,
you have certain things
you're allowed to say
and you're not allowed to say.
And if you are,
if you get famous
without a gatekeeper,
they try and give you one.
So with me,
they came along
with a sponsorship deal
for $50 million.
And they said,
we're going to sponsor you,
but you're going to have
official opinions on XYZ
and we're going to do 50 mil.
And I said,
well,
I don't need the money.
When was that?
That was about
seven months
before I was arrested,
six or seven months
before I was arrested.
So that's 2022,
I think.
And I said,
well,
I'm unhappy
with these official opinions
you want me to have.
And then what they do
is they start doing veiled threats.
They say,
well,
we also have the best PR teams
and the best legal teams
in the world.
So if anything bad happens,
our PR team
and our lawyers
can clean everything up.
But what they're really saying
is we can use our PR team
and our legal teams to wreck you.
That's what they're basically saying.
It's like the mafia.
They used to go into someone's house
or someone's store
and say,
someone's going to break your windows.
And if you don't pay us
to stop them,
your windows are going to get broken.
But basically,
it's them breaking the windows
and you have to pay them
to stop them breaking the windows.
But they pretend it's somebody else.
So that's effectively how it works.
And if you decline their money,
they get pretty angry pretty quickly.
And before you know it,
your trouble starts to begin.
And I declined the money
and then it was two months after that
that I was canceled.
I was deleted from everything,
from Instagram,
from YouTube,
et cetera.
Two weeks later.
Two to three weeks later,
I woke up one day
and there was about 400 pages,
LGBT pages primarily,
calling me a homophobe
with the same picture
and the same blurb overnight.
I woke up
and there was like 400 of these pages
all in unison.
So you must have put it
in the group chat.
Homophobe.
And then I got deleted
from everything.
And they intended on that
damaging my influence.
It didn't work.
I just moved everyone over to Rumble.
So I actually took a huge percentage
of their market share,
which pissed them off more.
And then this girl turns up
and she makes false allegations
and then jail comes.
So yeah,
it's a power struggle.
And typically they want to own you.
They want you to agree
to some contract
for some sum of money
where you're going to say certain things
when you're told to say them
or you're not going to disagree
with certain things
unless you get permission.
And once you do sign that contract,
it goes further
because once you sign those contracts,
then you get invited to the parties.
And once you go to the parties
and we all know what happens from there, right?
You're at the party
and you're talking to someone
just saying hello,
being friendly, whatever,
or you're drinking,
they're drinking, whatever.
Even if you don't sleep together,
if they can just get you on video
talking to a 17-year-old girl,
they can make up
the rest of the story from there,
especially if she will corroborate
and she will lie for them,
especially if she wants to be famous, right?
So now that you have this 17-year-old girl,
she wants to be in movies.
So she says,
that's right.
So she says,
he touched my ass.
Now you've got the endless lawfare.
They'll use their PR teams
to build it up
and put it all over the media.
They'll destroy your name.
They'll destroy your reputation.
So with me,
they were like,
okay, Andrew,
you're the most Googled man in the world.
It's time to get rich.
I was like,
oh, I'm already rich.
So,
and I make my own money.
I'm not an influencer with a business.
I'm a businessman with influence.
I'm making my own money.
I don't need your money.
And they're like,
ah, but we want you to take our money,
do as we say,
not talk about certain subjects,
come to our parties,
let us get blackmail over you,
come hang around with all the A-listers.
And I was like,
no,
I'm famous.
That's fine.
I'm the most well-known man,
but leave me,
I'm in Romania,
leave me alone.
Let's talk about the other most well-known man.
You tweeted a few weeks ago,
the Beast has your children.
For context,
Ava Chris Tyson has faced allegations of sexual relations with a minor,
but I will say Mr. Beast has eventually denounced this,
hired a private investigator,
is taking measures against it.
Oh, now he is,
is he?
Now,
now,
I mean,
no,
I know what you're saying.
What do you think of Mr. Beast?
Well,
I don't know him personally.
I've never met him.
His videos must be entertaining because people watch them,
but I don't believe it's a coincidence that the largest YouTube channel on the planet aimed at children managed to get one of their members of staff to convert to whatever,
to change gender,
to convert to the insanity of transgenderism.
I think that a lot of this stuff is purposeful.
And the reason I know that is because you're not allowed to be the largest channel on YouTube unless you've already signed their contracts.
The things I was just describing to you,
the things I was just saying,
the algorithm decides which channel is big or which channel is small.
It's not organic.
It's not accidental.
They can suppress you if they want to suppress you.
They can put you to the front if they want to put you to the front.
The fact they let Mr. Beast become the biggest channel means they sat with him in advance and said,
you're going to have official opinions on X,
Y,
Z.
And especially if you're going to be the most famous YouTube channel on the planet,
they probably went a level further and said,
one of you is going to transgender or transition.
Sorry.
You're going to transition.
So all the children at home can see you transition because we're going to attempt to normalize this transitioning.
I mean,
this is not a conspiracy theory.
I say this and people go,
where did you come up with this conspiracy?
Well,
what's the conspiracy?
The YouTube algorithm,
a hundred percent promotes him.
They've allowed them to be the biggest channel.
These are objective facts.
They're pushing LGBT at every single Avenue possible.
Young people spend all their time on YouTube and the internet.
They don't watch legacy media anymore.
So they need to reach them by this mechanism.
Like you can look at all the objective facts and come to the simple conclusion that this was all planned.
Do you think Mr.
Beast is weak for kind of signing this deal?
I think that he's done what most of most celebrities have done.
I mean,
if Mr.
Beast is weak,
then all celebrities are weak,
but they all basically sit there and say,
do I want to try and save the world or do I just want to get paid?
And then I guess there's a level further to the PSYOP.
What they'll say is,
well,
I'm not a bad person for taking the money because maybe transgenderism isn't that bad because then they haven't got to admit they're a coward.
So you either admit you're a coward pushing something that you don't agree with,
or you can pretend to agree with it.
So you can either pretend to agree with it,
which is what he did at the beginning.
All this transphobia is so upsetting.
I remember him tweeting about it.
Otherwise he has to say,
well,
yeah,
I disagree with that.
I'm a bitch and I'm scared and I want to stay relevant.
The thing is with all these celebrities,
they're only relevant because they're allowed to be.
me and a few others are very unique where the matrix tries to get rid of your relevance and you're actually still relevant because you have something interesting to say.
I mean,
Mr.
Beast.
Okay,
cool.
I've never watched many of his videos,
but I believe you could get basically anybody.
Give them his budget.
Give them his production team.
Give them his building team.
Give them all the things he has.
Build all these stupid game shows.
And you can put any jackass there and say,
yay,
the game show starts.
Yeah.
Like he's,
he,
who gives a shit about him?
Nobody.
He's absolutely replaceable.
So if he goes against the matrix,
they,
they vanish his ass.
These bang next,
next.
Same with pop stars and music stars.
The reason they agree to this stuff is they stand up there.
They're given their music.
They're given their lyrics.
They're given their two.
It's all given to them.
Go.
La la la la la.
All right,
cool.
Yeah.
Let me make,
make this one.
Number one,
manipulate all make this one.
Number one and make this one.
Number three.
And they can just get some other 18 year old blonde.
Like it doesn't matter.
They're all so irreplaceable that they know they have no.
They have no bargaining chips.
How do you make yourself irreplaceable?
Well,
you make yourself irreplaceable.
I have at least by having a life,
which has been so full of struggle and unfortunate circumstance.
I have interesting things to talk about,
but these people don't want to go through that,
do they?
So they want to be famous and rich and have an easy life.
So when you,
when you look at the Mr.
Beast debacle,
the fact that he allowed it all to happen,
and now he's going to come along and say,
I can't believe the person who wants to chop their dick off is sexually weird.
Oh,
you can't believe that.
Are you surprised,
sir?
Because I never was.
And anyone with a brain never was.
And we all knew he's obviously something wrong with the guy.
And now he's going to come along and pretend that he's a good person.
And he's going to find out what happened.
And I've seen,
there's a lot of other allegations coming out of sexual assault and all this
crap and all this crap's coming out.
Well,
you have a pit of degeneracy,
right?
You have a pit of degeneracy.
And I believe all of this was planned.
You can't convince me otherwise.
And it was an attempt to normalize transgenderism to children.
He played part in that.
And what I think Mr.
B should do is he probably has enough money in banks and they'll come and
take it.
So he needs to find a way to hide it somewhere,
find a country and hide it.
And then he needs to come out and say the truth.
And he needs to say,
look,
by that same token,
Andrew,
wouldn't the matrix want to shut down like the allegations of Chris?
Like,
wouldn't they try to protect?
Absolutely.
I guess they would,
but there's only so much control they have,
right?
They,
they tried to shut down the allegations of the vaccine killing people,
but you know,
there's only so much they can do.
And then eventually all starts to come out and they probably suppressed it
at first.
And they suppressed a little bit,
but it keeps coming out.
It keeps coming out.
It gets worse and worse.
But certainly let's put it this way.
If you look at the fact that the BBC or the mainstream media have printed
something negative about me every single day for four years,
if they were,
if Mr.
Beast was against the matrix,
don't you think that they'd be talking about the largest YouTube channel aimed
at children in the world with a transgender contestant or a presenter,
whatever he was,
has been caught committing sexual assault.
Shouldn't that be front page news?
I mean,
they barely mentioned it.
The MSM it's,
it's drama on Twitter.
Sure.
But the MSM don't seem interested because it's part of the matrix.
Right.
Whereas me,
if I sneeze,
Ooh,
I'm a terrible,
he's a misogynist.
He sneezed in a mansplaining way all over the BBC.
So,
you know,
they,
they,
they're already trying to hope people forget,
you know,
but none of this is a coincidence.
And,
and I think that Jimmy,
Mr.
Beast,
his name is Jimmy.
I believe he should,
he should stand up and he should admit it.
He should say,
yeah,
I was pressured into this decision and I shouldn't have done it.
And it was wrong.
And he should be,
should man up and he'd get a lot of respect from people for being brave.
But I guess he's scared for his own personal safety,
or he doesn't want to get hit with some charges for something and end up in a
jail cell.
So that's how it goes.
This idea of trans liberation and like drag celebration has bled into the
recent,
uh,
2024 Olympics.
What'd you think of the Olympic opening ceremony?
Yeah,
it was,
it was deliberately designed to test,
the resolve of the Christian nations.
And when I say Christian nations,
in fact,
I mean the populations of Christian nations,
because there's not very many Christian countries left.
You can't call America the Christian country anymore because they protect the
pride flag more than they protect Jesus Christ.
So it's not a Christian country.
I think it's like,
uh,
they wanted to test what resolve is left because they're trying to destroy
Western values,
which means you have to destroy Christianity along with it.
And they've been doing that for a very long time.
And they wanted to poke the bear and see what kind of backlash they would get.
They had to test their enemies' defenses.
So they deliberately desecrated Christ.
And it's so sad.
You know,
I've been thinking about this whole LGBT thing because it's easy to clown on and
we insult her all the time.
But I really believe that if you look at the beginnings of the LGBT propaganda movement,
a lot of it began with this idea that gay people were brilliant and they were being suppressed because of their sexuality.
And society was against them,
which prevented them from adding and contributing to society.
So if you look at Alan Turing,
I believe his name is,
is the British guy who helped solve the Enigma code and he was gay and they're saying,
because he's homosexual,
he could have done all these amazing things,
but he was homosexual.
I held him back and blah.
And that was the beginning of the propaganda,
which is fine.
But they gave us this idea that they're going to free the gay people from their chains.
And they're going to contribute to society in some way.
We're going to let them out the cage and they're going to do all these amazing things.
What have they done besides desecrate Jesus Christ,
dance naked in front of our children,
try and convince little kids to chop their genitals off?
Like,
what have they achieved?
Okay.
They made a couple TV shows where,
you know,
they run around being as gay as possible.
Like,
where's the,
where's the contribution to humanity that we were promised?
Because the beginning of the Psy-OP was they're going to contribute to humanity and do all these amazing things.
Turns out they did fuck all.
They did nothing.
They've,
they've detrimented society.
And that's,
and that is all culminated at the Olympic opening ceremony where you see them all sit up there and insult Jesus Christ.
There's no reason why you want to insult the beliefs of billions of people.
Like,
there's no reason you're going to do that if you're a good person.
Like,
that's done purposefully.
They want to see what kind of backlash they would receive.
They want to see how damaged the psyche of society is.
They were hoping that would go under the radar.
They hope they could just pull it off.
Nothing would happen.
And they could say,
ah,
look,
the Christians really,
truly have no bite left.
They have nothing left in them.
It's really interesting.
What they did was similar to something that America did during World War II.
Disney made like a portrayal of Nazi Germany.
They had like Donald Duck as Hitler.
They were trying to make like the Nazis seem less like scary,
I guess,
and kind of make a joke out of it.
Do you think it's a similar thing here to make Christianity seem less important?
Or do you think it's just a test of how much they'll back it?
Yeah,
I think it was a,
it was a,
it was a test of the Christian's resolve.
And yeah,
it was to mock the idea of the last supper.
It was to mock the idea of Jesus dying for your sins.
It was just to mock and make light of the whole idea of religion because
religion's in the way of a lot of the things they want to do,
right?
They have things they have to attack.
They have to attack masculinity because it's in the way they have to attack
religion because it's in the way.
If they come along and say,
we want to do X,
Y,
Z.
If a man doesn't say no,
there's still going to be a certain populace or a percentage of the populace
who's going to say,
no,
my holy book says no.
That is against God.
So God's in their way.
So they try and remove these things because what they're trying to do is
just create a slave class of people who obey every single thing they're told,
who listen to every single thing that's said on the TV,
who do not use their own eyes to come up to their own objective conclusions.
If they say the sky is green,
they want people to go outside and look up and go,
ah,
I must've had my colors wrong all my life.
The TV said the sky is green and,
and,
and religion's in the way of that.
So they're trying to get rid of the idea of Christianity because they're
trying to destroy Western society as a whole.
Western society is,
I guess I like to believe in many ways,
the pinnacle of,
of humanity.
It's done so many amazing things.
And I'm not from a Chinese background.
I'm not Arabic.
I'm not,
I'm not from South America.
So I can't speak to the benefits of their society.
I can only speak to what I'm from.
I'm,
I'm from a Western society.
I think they've created an amazing world and they're trying to destroy it from
the inside out.
It's rotting from the inside out.
And that's the saddest thing.
That's when you watch a country like America fall as the empire burns,
is that it's not just external enemies attacking America.
It would actually be a lot easier to swallow if you're watching America be destroyed by external
enemies while the American populace galvanized and tried their very best to resist.
That would be a much easier thing to swallow than watch what is happening,
which is the enemies of America truly don't have enough power to damage America,
but we're suffering from this mass betrayal from the inside.
And it's kind of sad to see and Christianity is in the way masculinity is in the way honors
in the way duties in the way virtues in the way there's a lot of things in the way which
are all attacked permanently and objective truth is in the way the idea that you can pretend
a man is a woman and you are forced to call that man a woman and forced to use their pronouns
is an attack on objective truth.
They don't want you to know what is right and wrong left and right up and down blue red green.
No, there's no objective truth.
Now, everything is subjective.
Everything can change depending on the day.
You must ignore your own eyes.
It's the final command they want.
Your eyes say, man, your mouth says woman because the TV said so.
And that's the final level of the slave programming, because then I mean,
if you're going to tell a lie, right, and you have to objectively prove it, that's quite difficult.
If you have to say, we want people to believe the sky is green, the sky is not green.
Oh, well, these people use their eyes.
So we now need to go out of our way to somehow turn the sky green.
Yeah.
But if people don't use their eyes, you don't have to do that hard part.
You can just say it.
It's all emotional.
It's all just emotional arguments.
You're like, oh, well, we want the sky to be green.
We're not going to actually change it to green.
That's too hard.
We just say it's green and everyone's going to listen because everybody ignores their own eyes.
So it's a war against subjective truth.
That's what a lot of this transgenderism garbage is.
And the reason they try and enforce it and force you to pretend men are women when they're not,
it's because they want you to ignore the realities of earth.
I argue with people all the time.
They say I'm a misogynist.
I say, you don't even know what a woman is.
If the gender is not real, how is the bigotry real?
Like, you explain to me what a woman is and then explain to me why I'm a misogynist.
It's clown world.
So there's not even any objective truth left.
It's scary the world we're headed to.
Before we get into more global issues, you said a few years ago in a podcast that
you speak about issues like Israel, Palestine, you talk about your support for Donald Trump,
but you don't really care about these things because they don't personally benefit you.
Have you had enough success now that your personal benefit doesn't really matter?
Yeah, when I said that, I was, I think, I think I know the podcast you're talking about.
I think I know the video you're talking about.
And I was trying to explain to people who are perhaps not as successful not to get
caught up in certain ideas.
And the problem is, yeah, the problem is if you get caught up in too many external ideas,
you can't focus on yourself and improving your life and you can't pour from an empty cup.
So let me give an example.
Let's say I was unsuccessful.
I work in Starbucks and that's my life.
Not to insult people who work in Starbucks, but you know, get over it.
So you work at Starbucks and I am passionate about the Gaza-Israel war.
I should take all that passion and I should direct it towards improving myself as a man
to where I'm at the point that people are going to listen to me.
So when I talk about Israel-Gaza, people listen because I have a voice.
If you work in Starbucks, you don't really have as much of a voice.
So I guess the point I was trying to make is that if you improve yourself as a man,
then your views and your opinions hold a lot more weight.
And you should perhaps do that as opposed to get caught up in trying to force an opinion
or force a view when you're not necessarily that successful.
So now you actually have influence, so you should care about these things.
Absolutely.
Because you can persuade people.
Absolutely, because I have influence.
Now, I mean, I could argue against myself and say, well, you know,
the common man can still go protest and he can join a protest and make a difference.
That's true.
And the common man still has a degree of influence as to what he will accept from a government.
We say the governments are in charge.
Well, to a degree, that's true.
But truthfully, it's the people who are in charge because we decide how much we accept.
If all the people refuse, the government can't do very much at all.
So I could argue against myself in that point.
But I guess there's just a lot of people I met who are so ideologically involved
or invested in certain things that it prevents them from growing.
And I think that as a man, if you truly care about the world, you need to improve yourself first,
because as a man, if you're not capable, your love means nothing anyway.
Right. You can say I'm a man and I love my dog.
But if you can't feed that dog and you can't home that dog and you can't afford to take that dog to
the vet and you can't protect that dog, then your love means nothing.
Your love as a man is directly correlated to your competence and your capabilities.
So when a man who is capable loves you, it means something.
A man who's incapable loves you, it means nothing at all.
So if you're incapable, not necessarily important, not necessarily financially successful person,
it doesn't matter what you feel about anything because you can be replaced and nobody gives a
shit. So if you truly care about that, I guess the lesson is if you truly care about an issue
as a man, the first thing you should do is you should improve yourself.
If you have a woman who you truly love, instead of buying her flowers every day,
you should improve yourself.
If you have a town that you truly love, instead of, I don't know what you would do,
instead of telling everyone how great it is, you should improve yourself and you should
start a business in that town so that there's more jobs in that town. It doesn't matter what it is.
Self-improvement is the answer to showing your love for anything as a man. So when I see people
say, oh yeah, I really love my girlfriend or whatever. And then I look at the guy, I say, no,
you don't. Because if you did, you wouldn't be sleeping so long. You wouldn't be so insignificant.
You'd be trying harder in some way. You'd be doing something. You're not doing anything.
You're not doing anything. You don't love anybody.
This isn't really about your point, but I'm just genuinely curious. Do you tell the women you're with
that you love them? Yeah. Why not? Did you ever, did you step a weird thing about that?
Like some hesitancy? No, no, I'm, I'm, I'm full of love. I'm a, I'm a nice man. I'm,
I think the idea of love is kind of confused, right? Because if I, I've had a girl for a very
long time or girls, I guess we can go down that route, but love is absolutely real, but people
conflate that with allowing yourself to be disrespected. Like I can say to a woman, look,
I love you with all my heart, but if you talk to me wrong, you're out. And it doesn't matter
if I miss you because I'm stubborn. So it's fine. Like I'm, I'm stubborn as they come. So like,
if I'm not going to listen to the matrix, if they're not going to control me and scare me,
you think I'm gonna listen to you? No, I'm gonna do whatever I want. I'm gonna take care of you.
And you're gonna talk to me nicely. And that's how this relationship is going to work.
I love her. Absolutely. But I would never put myself in a position where I'm being disrespected
because I love somebody, or I'm allowing her to do whatever she wants because I love her.
In fact, it's very much the opposite. When you're a man and you love, we talk about self
improvement and becoming a better version of yourself so you can give more. That's true.
But also you improve yourself so that she respects you more so you can lay more boundaries.
Like if you love a woman, you're like, I love you. Don't go out at night.
I love you. You're not going to a club with a bunch of dudes. I love you. You're not doing it.
And if she isn't listening, well, that's probably your fault because if you were more important
or you were more capable or she saw more in you, then she would listen.
So perhaps you need to replace her. Perhaps you need to improve yourself, whatever it is.
But love as a man actually comes with a lot of parameters. Look at how a dad raises a kid. No,
stop. No. The mom's like, yay, fun. And the dad's like, no, don't do this. Don't do that. He's
the disciplinarian typically. So I think the masculine realm is very much like that. Like even
with my girls, sometimes I say, she'll go, oh, I'm really tired. I need to go to that. I'm like,
you know what? I've seen how you drive when you're not tired. You're not driving. I'm sending a security
team to drive you around because you're just going to crash. You're just useless. And that makes me
misogynistic to some women, but to the women I'm with, they love it. They're like, ah, my problems
are fixed. I don't have to think. He just fixes everything for me all the time. But that's because
I'm capable, right? I can do those things. So yeah, love is real. People say it's misogynistic,
but they've never had a man actually do those things for them. Well, you know, it's interesting.
You can't be the kind of man women want you to be unless you're misogynistic,
because if you think if you're not misogynistic in any regard and you think a woman can do
everything as well as a man can, then you're going to expect her to pay half on the bills
and half on the dates and to protect herself and to take care of herself. And you're not going to
ever be the gentleman Prince Charming she wants you to be. Women say, I want a man who pays for me
and takes care of me and educates me and knows things I don't know and shows me things I've never
seen and make sure that I'm physically safe. Okay, cool. You're describing a man who sees you as,
in many regards, below him. You're describing a misogynist. For me to turn up and take a girl
somewhere and expect her to pay half the bill, I'd expect her to have the kind of money I have.
Whereas I know she hasn't, because the only way you get money like mine as a woman is to be with me.
So I'm a misogynist. Like you're going to be to a degree misogynistic if you're realistic.
And people also confuse the other side of the equation. I'm misandrist with certain things.
There's things I don't trust men with. I would never drop my child off at a male only daycare.
I don't trust men with children because I don't think men have the patience.
I would never like the idea of, I would never choose a female pilot over a male pilot because
men are calmer under pressure. And if the plane starts shaking in a thunderstorm,
I don't want anyone to start having an emotional breakdown. Maybe they saw an episode of sex in the
city before they were on the plane and they're a bit upset about their ex and now they're shaking the
plane. No, I don't need it. So you can call me a misogynist all you want. If you're a
realist, if you are a realist and you're going to see the world for what it is to a degree,
you're going to have some opinions which are misogynistic. You're going to have opinions
which are homophobic. You're going to have opinions which are racist. You have certain
opinions about certain things. If you sit and say that there are certain places in the world
where violent crime is a lot more likely to happen than in the Western world, they'll turn around to
you and say, you're racist. I don't care if they're brown. I care that there's a violent society.
So, but you're a racist. Fine. I'm a realist. That's what I am. If you're a realist,
you have to be prepared for all these insults. The funny thing about these insults is that
they're never given with good intention. The people who call me a misogynist don't give a
shit about women. They don't give a shit about protecting women. They don't care about women's
rights. They just don't like me. So it's weaponized virtue, right? They can't call me stupid and they
can't call me unsuccessful and they can't call me the things they want to call me. So instead,
they have to say I'm a bad person. So they take this virtue and they weaponize it into a bullet
and they shoot at me, but it's bullshit. They don't care about women. I spend $25 million a
year on tapepledge.com feeding children. They feed nobody. They've never fed a single starving
little girl in their lives. And then they pretend they care more about females than I do because I
say women can't protect themselves and should be protected. It's all clown world.
Hmm. I want to touch on your dynamics with women in a bit, but the 2024 US election is coming up.
Uh, what outcomes are possible and which outcomes do you prefer? Well, there's only two outcomes,
friend. There's two outcomes. We have a chance or it's over. If they manage to steal this election
from Trump, it is so over. It's over for a variety of reasons. In fact, because the fact that we're not
currently in a situation where Trump has a 99% approval rate shows that it's already almost over
for the West, the fact that there are full grown adults who will sit there and want Kamala to girl
boss her way into office, as opposed to getting one of the most competent and successful businessmen
on the planet back in office, who had the most successful presidency in history ever. And we don't
want him back. No, we want this girl boss who was universally hated and who has never done an
interview. Won't sit down. She's never told you her policy. She's never told you her intention to fix
anything. She has no track record of competence, nothing, but she's a girl and girl boss. So let's
make her in charge of the most powerful military on the planet. The fact that there is a percentage of
the population who want that to happen shows that it's already over. There's a lot of things you can
disagree on and you can say, well, I respect your opinion, but we disagree. If you want Kamala to win,
you are an idiot. I do not respect your opinion. You're a hundred percent stupid. You shouldn't be
allowed to vote. You're genuinely dumb because when you even ask these people their reason,
they're going to say some identity politics, politics crap. She's a black girl. So,
so who gives a shit if she's purple, if she's incompetent, she's incompetent. Name one thing
she's ever done as VP. Name one thing she's promised to do that you actually care about.
And when I've asked this question, the only answer I seem to get is about abortion, which is really
amazing to me that you have people inside of America who will sit there and go, okay, we're on
the verge of World War three with Israel and Gaza and Lebanon and Iran. We're on the verge of World
War three with Russia and Ukraine. Inflation's out of control. Nobody can afford groceries. Crime is out
of control. The southern borders are wide open. Drugs are out of control. Like there's all these
things that are important and they'll go ignore, ignore, ignore, ignore, ignore, ignore, ignore.
I want to kill my baby. So I'm voting for Kamala. Like the fact that that's even your mindset shows
you're a dumbass. If you want to vote for Kamala, you're an idiot. It's going to be over for Western
civilization if they steal this from Trump for a variety of reasons. One, for all the reasons I've just
described as regards to who her voters are and how they've managed to use the media machine to
psyop people into believing she's a better choice than Trump. The fact they've been even managed to
do that is remarkable. But secondly, it's going to destroy all faith in democratic institutions
because America is the bedrock of democracy. And we know they steal elections now already,
but there's a certain amount of people in the world who believe that they don't steal elections.
Well, they're going to see. Because if they're stealing them in America,
you think they're not stealing them in fucking Myanmar? You think they didn't just steal the
French one when Marine Le Pen was winning and then she blinked and she lost and Macron's back?
Who the fuck likes Macron? Find me a single person on the planet who's a fan of Macron.
Who marries a woman 35 years older than him? It's weird. If she's a woman at all,
probably a dude. Looks like a fucking dude. So you can add some criminal charges to France for the list.
So they're stealing the elections everywhere around the world.
But what happens if Kamala wins the election tomorrow?
Okay. So if Kamala wins the election tomorrow, it's a good question. I'm going to feel very
sorry for people. I think that it's just going to be, we're going to be closer and closer towards
slavery. Do we see riots?
Well, that's why they did January 6th, right? They taught everyone a lesson for January 6th.
BLM, if you riot for the side of the matrix, you're allowed to riot. If you riot for the other side,
even though they didn't even riot, if you peacefully protest for the other side,
then you face the full force of the law. So it's going to be very interesting. If Kamala wins,
I think that the whole idea of Western civilization is going to accelerate in its decline.
I don't think Trump can save it. I think he can slow it down. I think he's massively important for
the culture, for all the things we just talked about masculinity. Trump's a masculine man. I think
he's good for the culture. I think he'll have a fantastic four years. I think he can do a lot to
slow things down. However, if Kamala gets in, it's going to accelerate the LGBT, girl boss,
garbage bullshit, along with terrible policy, along with the people who are actually in charge of
America, who won't be Kamala, raping the tax base, stealing as much money as possible,
accelerating inflation. And what's actually going to happen is you're going to see
that as America descends into poverty, which it does, the fact that American culture is extremely
thin is going to be highlighted. And then it's going to be, you say riots, I think mass civil
unrest. I think crime will get out of control and there'll be mass civil unrest because there's
nothing unifying the country besides the idea you can get rich. In other countries, if you go to
Croatia, everybody speaks the same language. Everybody's seen the same TV shows. Everybody's
grandma kind of looks the same. Everybody has this unifying factor behind them. Everyone knows the
Croatian flag. Everyone learned the same history. In America, some people like the flag. Some people
hate the flag. Some people think America's good. Some people think America's bad. Everyone speaks
different languages. Everyone has different religion. Everyone looks different. The only thing
that unifies America is we can all get rich. Well, once we realize that's not the case, as they
continue to inflate the currency and steal from the tax base, crime is going to get worse and worse and
worse. And now we have this insane policies on race where if you commit crime as a certain race,
you're less likely to get in trouble or they don't want to arrest you or they don't want to show your
mugshot or give you a more lenient sentence. So now you have a division of the races. The native
white man in America is a second class citizen. I say that as a brown person. The native white person
in England is a second class citizen. So you have the natives who pay the most tax or second class
citizens paying taxes to afford the children of people who are invading the country and shouldn't
even be there and out reproducing them eight to one. The average white family has one or two kids.
These migrant families have eight, nine, 10, like everything's collapsing. Like it's collapsing.
If Kamala wins, it's all going to be accelerated because they're going to prove that. Well, what's
interesting is if Kamala wins, they prove you don't have a democratic solution to your problems.
So I don't, that puts the, the sensible person in a very difficult position. Then you don't have
many choices left because right now people are still coping with this voting idea. We'll vote
our way out of this. Don't worry. We'll vote our way out. Once they realize that's not possible.
Well, then you have two choices. You run away. You have three choices. You run away. You change country.
You sit there waiting to die or you try and fix it. But unfortunately without a political solution,
the only way you can fix things is violence and the new civil war. Andrew, you have a quote.
Uh, women aren't interested in voting. They care about Instagram likes and a rich man putting them
on a boat. True. How does like, do you think women actually vote in the elections? No.
Do you think immigrants vote? No. So what they're doing is they're using
women and illegal immigrants as a cop out for how they rigged the elections. I I've messaged the 50 or 60
women I know in America and asked if they're voting for said yes. And then I asked them they ever voted
before and they all said no. And all four are voting Trump, by the way. I don't think women
are as interested in voting as men on a whole. And I think the women who are interested in voting
probably vote the same as their husbands and their husband is probably going to be voting right.
I think the reason that they push so hard the female vote and they especially, I mean, the female,
the whole female idea people can argue with me on. Perhaps that's a conspiracy theory,
but I'm sure the illegal immigrant part's true. But it's the same. There's no way they would get
away with these bullshit policies they get through if only masculine men were voting.
Everyone would know that it's set up, right? So they say, ah, yes, Trump lost because of the female
vote, which which is a lie. They just say it's the female vote so they can rig it.
They do it, especially with illegal immigrants. Anyone with a brain knows that anybody who snuck
their way into America and shouldn't be there and has managed to cross the jungle and get into
America. Now he's trying to find money to live and eat. There is no way he cares enough to go stand
in line at a polling station and and cast a vote. Not at large enough numbers to affect the election,
at least. There's no way that's possible. It doesn't even make logical sense. And you could
sit and say, oh, no, that's not true. They vote Dem because the Dems will let them stay.
They don't listen to the news. And also, these people don't trust the Dems or anyone else. Why would
they trust the Dems? They don't give a shit. They're in America. They're not supposed to be there.
They're trying to make money and lay low. There's no way they're waiting in lines at polling stations.
They're just flooding the country with illegal immigrants so that they can rig the election.
They can cast votes as many as they want with these fake ballots and they can say the illegal
immigrants did it. And we can't check them on it because they could say, oh, yeah, it was an illegal
immigrant with no passport and no name. And that's why it happened. There's no way that they're
casting their own votes. It's all just a setup where you're eventually going to get to. I mean, I guess
the most fair Democratic electoral systems on the planet now are places like Venezuela,
where both sides cheat. Because, you know, it's like, oh, well, they're cheating. We're cheating.
Who cheats the best? At least to a degree, it's a competence test, right? The better team wins
because they're better at cheating. The more competent government wins. But now in the West,
you have one team cheating, the other team going law and order. And I guess, I mean,
the Republicans don't care because they're stealing from the pot just like the Democrats are. They don't want
Trump to win either. They'd only want to win if it was a leader that wouldn't that would allow them
to steal. Why don't Republicans want Trump to win? Because Trump is in the way of of the people who
are really in charge of America being in charge of America, which are the intelligence operations and
the military industrial complex and the banks and the media. And Trump is the kind of person who
stands in the way and doesn't agree with everything he's told. If you're a Kamala voter,
let me ask you a simple question. When she gets office and the shadow figures call her,
the people who are really in charge of the world. And they say, we need to do this.
And it's going to be bad for the American population, but it's going to be good for them.
It's going to enrich the rich and it's going to be bad for the normal man. You really think Kamala
is going to stick up for you? You really think Kamala Harris is going to go, not on my watch.
No way.
She's a girl boss.
Yeah, she's a girl boss. Yeah. And she's going to risk getting bullets fired at her like they're
doing at Trump. You think she's going to risk taking a fucking bullet in the dome for you?
She doesn't give a shit. She's going to do what Biden did. Okay.
She probably won't even answer the phone. She'll probably just put a voicemail on it saying,
yes to whatever you want. Leave me alone. Please don't kill me.
Fucking useless. And I mean, Trump will slow it down, but the fact that there's still even,
there shouldn't even be a competition. It's remarkable this is even a competition that
they've managed to psyop people into somehow believing that Kamala is competent enough to lead a country.
I wouldn't trust her to run a fucking coffee shop. Unbelievable.
What would happen if Trump were killed tomorrow?
You know, what's kind of interesting about Trump's situations? Because you have to analyze
Trump's job is to save America. Does he save America by winning the election or losing the
election? Does he save America by staying alive or getting killed? Because in different ways,
he does damage to the system. I'm sure you thought about this for your own situation.
Well, absolutely. That's exactly right. You get to a certain point where either way it goes,
you can still damage the system. If Trump wins, he'll do his very best to save America. And it'll
be a fantastic president. He'd be a master for the culture. If he loses, he highlights that elections
aren't fair, which is still a very important lesson that a lot of people at home need to learn.
So either way, it's good. If they let him live, he can run for president and achieve one of those
two things. We'll probably build a little diagram off of this. Does Trump live? Yes. Okay. Does he
win? X. Does he lose? Y. Does Trump get assassinated? Well, then they're highlighting
they're scared of him. Highlighting that the matrix and the military industrial complex are real because
they're prepared to assassinate people and they don't believe in elections. They don't want there to be
a fair democratic choice. They'd rather fix everything with a bullet. So Trump's now at a position where
he does damage to the matrix or regardless, which is, I mean, nobody wants him to die.
I'm a huge fan of him. He doesn't want to be, he doesn't want to be martyred. We don't want him
to be martyred. That'd be terrible, but at least he's now in a position where it's win-win for him
and his, his mission. I guess that's the ultimate goal of any man to be put in a position where
regardless of any way it goes, it's win-win I'm in the same position. I'm a legend that they locked me up.
I'm a legend to let me go. So you spoke with Candace. Um, when I had her on the podcast a few
weeks ago, she said that the deep state was responsible for the assassination.
Do you believe it was some lone shooter or? Oh, it's never a lone shooter. That's bullshit.
Uh, some guy, there was one roof in the whole area. Some dude climbed up on that roof with a long
barreled gun, managed to get a bunch of shots off. Once Trump went down, because they didn't
know if he was shot or he knelt down, then he was killed. You know, of course he was killed. They're
always killed. The guy who killed JFK, he was killed in jail. He was stabbed to death.
The guy who stabbed him to death was stabbed to death. Coincidence, right? Like, of course,
there's always some lone shooter. Then they sit and they bring in the head of the secret service.
This bimbo sits there, says nothing important. Oh yeah. I tried my best. Fire her, get rid of her.
Why won't Trump say this? I listened to the spaces the other night.
Yeah. He wouldn't say it. It's incredible. But then when you're in his position of power,
sometimes you have to choose your enemies. So you really want to make an enemy of the secret
service? It's hard. It's not easy. Even me, people think I'm outspoken. I promise. Even
on this podcast, there's a whole bunch of things I want to say that I cannot say,
because I just won't live long enough. Three agencies is one of them.
Well, that's right. And you have to decide, you have to say, do I skirt or do I make,
do I take certain concessions so I can do more damage to the matrix by existing for longer? Or do I go
all guns blazing for one podcast and get in a car crash on the way out? It's like, it's hard.
So yeah, he had, he has to pretend that the secret service did a good job when truthfully,
they were incompetent. The president was shot. They failed on every level. The woman who was in
charge of them should never have been in charge of them. Should have never had female officers in
the first place. Now that female officer, everyone's mocking on Twitter is now defending
JD Vance. She hasn't lost her job. She's still the woman who can't find her holster. I mean,
I can find my holster. Like it's unbelievable. This goes back into gender roles where we sit and say
that men are good at certain things and women are good at certain things, but you're not allowed to say that
because that makes you misogynistic. You're not allowed to be objectively realistic and sit and
say that a man should be in charge of the protection of the president. Show me Putin's
security team. Why don't we get our secret service agents, take their weapons, get Putin's team,
take their weapons and have a, let's see Russia versus America. Let's fix it. Those, those Sambo
experts, those sistema experts from Russia will tear our agents apart. It won't even be a fight.
It won't even be a competition. Have you seen Putin's bodyguards? They're killers. And we're
talking about the most important man in the world. And we're like, ah, yeah, but you know,
what's more important, keeping him safe or girl bosses? You know, what's more, we need more girl bosses.
Society is broken down to a level. It's absolutely unacceptable. It's crazy. It's truly crazy.
You know what's really overused? The word need, need and want are confused. I have these arguments
with people at the time. I'm with my girl and she goes, I need a coffee. I say, don't say need.
You want a coffee. Don't say need. I don't like what people say need. You need air. You need air and me.
You don't need coffee. And you see this all the time with DEI. We need more female agents. No,
you want more female agents to push an agenda. Why do we need them? If it's not to push your agenda,
why do we need them? We can't get the job done with big, strong men. No, we can't all clown world,
but Trump can't say it. And, um, maybe Trump, I mean, Trump's a very smart man. I'm a huge fan of
his. He probably knows a lot of things. I don't know. Of course, perhaps he's had conversations
in dark rooms and are like, look, if you want to have a chance to win this and stay alive long enough,
you've got to be friends with X, Y, Z. You can tell the truth about this, but you have to lie
about this. It's just, and that doesn't make him a bad person. That's him just trying to do
concessions to stay alive. I completely get it. But yeah, it was a massive failure and it was 100%
a setup. There's no way you can just climb on a roof. The only roof in the vicinity at a rally.
Why was that the first televised Trump rally ever? Very strange. I mean, but that shows how evil they
are, right? They're so evil. They wanted the world to watch him get his brains blown out. They wanted
you to see that clip on repeat thousands of times of him taking a bullet to the fucking dome and half
his head missing. And they wanted that to happen to teach you all a lesson for what happens when you
talk against our authority. Send the MSM to get it on camera, his head coming off. Unbelievable.
A key tenet of Satanism is showing what you're doing. Truly evil. Truly evil. And whoever
decided that, whoever made that call, no one's investigating him. No one's even talking about
him anymore. Now we've forgotten the assassination. Ah, it's all fixed. We fired the head of the
secret service. We've replaced it with some other useless idiot. The same useless officers are in
charge. Whoever decided to kill Trump, ah, who cares who that was? Oh, it was this guy. This one guy
with no social media who barely existed on the internet. Him. He did it. And we killed him as soon as he got
all his bullets off. Fucking sad. He was also in a BlackRock commercial, but there's that.
Coincidence. Oh yeah. Coincidence. You know, he was in a BlackRock commercial.
The three people in Mr. Beast's video, one of them wanted to be a tranny. These are all just
coincidences. You have to be a conspiracy theorist to, you know, connect the fucking dots.
What would it take to save American politics? Well, I think you need a competent nationalist,
which is what Trump is, but it should always be a competition between competent nationalists.
The fact that it's not a competition between competent nationalists shows a failing of the
system in the first place. It should be two people who are competent, who know exactly
what they're doing, who both love America. That's what it should be. Instead, it's always usually,
well, in recent times it's Trump, right? But so you have a competent nationalist against an
incompetent person who hates America. Why is this even a competition? And that shows that a huge
percentage of the population are not only themselves incompetent and stupid, but they also hate America.
So they're living inside of America and they hate it or go somewhere else. Leave America if it's so racist.
I love to, America's racist. Fine. You say America's racist, Grace. Tell me a country
that's not racist. Japan's racist. China's racist. Thailand's fucking racist. Africa's racist. I've
been. Hutu, tutu, this, that. They all look the same to people outside. Inside of Africa,
they're super racist. Different tribes are going to war, killing each other. America's one of the
least racist places on the fucking planet. You're dumb if you don't realize that. Right? So,
yeah, I mean, to save American politics, you need to have competent nationalists. You need to have
fair elections to actually matter. The president needs to have actual power to make policy and
decisions instead of the military industrial complex and the three-letter agencies and the banks and the
media. We have to get the power back, but the world is cyclical, right? And democracy is a great idea
that is born from the failure of having a king. You have a king and he's fantastic and he builds a
nation and the nation does well. And then he has a son who's not quite as good as the original king,
but he does his best. And he has another son. And by then he's a spoiled little brat and he
doesn't fucking pay attention. And the whole thing starts to fall apart and people start to riot and
say, we don't want a king anymore. We want to choose our own leader. So let's bring a democracy.
So they choose our own leader and the democracy comes and they want to prove that having a king
is not the right way to go and having democracy is the correct way to run a country. So they do
a fantastic job and they start to build things. And then over time, the democracy degrades,
just like the empire or just like the royal family degraded. And over time, people start to realize
that if they become, do they get into a position of power or democracy that they don't really have
to change very much. They can just steal as much as possible. And as the democracy degrades,
you end up in the final stages of it, where we are now, where most people with the brain would
go back to a king. Everything is cyclical. If you were to say right now, do you want to make
Trump forever leader? He'd be like, yep, to the end. And who do you want after him?
Baron Trump. Yep. When the oppressed conquer their oppressors, the empire often becomes
weak. Well, there you go. Yeah, there you go. So I think most people with a brain in America right
now would allocate the Trump family to forever leaders. We'd say, okay, let's give us a king back
for a while until they fuck it up. And then we'll go back to a democracy. Everything is cyclical.
Nothing lasts forever, right? So we're in the final stages of not only the Western empire,
but we're in the final stages of the idea of democracies now, because even the idea,
the faith in the democracy has been eroded so heavily. And I guess maybe Trump's job,
we're going to have to see what God's job for Trump is. Is it his job to get into power and
try and save America and be good for the masculine culture? Or is it his job to lose?
So everybody realizes that elections aren't real. We're going to see. It's win-win either way.
What are your favorite, what are your three favorite countries and at least three favorite countries?
It's difficult to answer because it's favorite for what? Because there's good and bad of
everywhere, you know, because I would say Romania. Okay. Well, Romania is one of my favorite countries
for a lot of reasons. It's highly religious. It's very safe. There's beautiful nature. There's lots to
do. You can walk around. I walk around wearing a million dollar watch, driving a $3 million car.
Nobody messes with me. Perfectly safe. Girls walk alone at night. It's all great.
But then the legal system is a nightmare. I can tell you from personal experience, right?
So there's good and bad for each place. So it's like, which country has my favorite legal system?
Which country has the best nature? Which country is best to visit? Because sometimes visiting a
country is different than living in a country. They're all very different things. And what you'll
often find the true red pill of it all is that there's no light without dark. So all of the things
you love about a country quite often come from all of the negative things about a country. So
I just described Romania, the fact that it's safe to walk alone at night and any of you or any woman
can walk alone at night and it's perfectly safe. That is true. The reason for that is because the
legal system's a mess, because if they catch you doing anything, you're going to jail and you're stuck
there and you're not getting out and it doesn't matter. You know, like I can tell you endless examples.
If you go to America, cars get broken into, cars get stolen. Here, cars don't get stolen. In fact,
there was a couple of car thefts once it was big on the news. That's how big of a deal it was. There
was a couple of car thefts on this particular street. The police set up an undercover agent
and they saw someone walking up and down the street and a guy who was looking in a car window
got picked up. Now in America, you can't arrest someone and put someone in jail for looking in a
car window. Here, they can go, there were some car thefts last month. He looked in the window,
meh, close enough, year. And they put him in jail for a year without trial. So it's like,
yeah, it's safe. It's a good country until it happens to you.
That's right. So it's like, which side of it you're on? When you're walking along with your
family, you're looking around going, it's so fantastic here. It's so safe. When you're in
jail, you're like, this is, this is not fair. So it's the same in Japan. Japan has a 99% conviction
rate. That's because if you go to court in Japan, you're going to jail. Did you do it? Who cares?
Society's safe. So it's like, do you want what's best for the ant or do you want what's best for the ant
farm? There are different things. If you're an ant who's been sent to die for the ant farm,
you're unhappy. But if you're one of the ants in the ant farm who wasn't sent to die, but the ant
farm safer, you are happy. There's no perfect place. I mean, you look at America and England.
Okay. Yeah. You haven't got fear of the law as much, but now you have to fear the criminals
because they get bailed and they walk away, you know, or they get out on some human rights crap or
they only do two, two years or whatever. In fact, the worst country for that is actually America
because you have to fear the criminals and the law. They'll fuck you over some financial crimes
and let murderers walk. The whole thing's a joke. In England, you don't have to fear the law very
much. You only have to fear the criminals, but London's out of control. In Romania, there's no
criminals, but the real mafia are the government. You don't want to mess with them here. It's hard
for me to say what my favorite country is. Everything like Romania is the US or UK in your bottom three.
Well, I feel betrayed by them. They betrayed me because they're run by global homo. Like if I was gay
and I was this famous, I'd be standing next to the leaders of the country and I would be
basically above the law and untouchable and celebrate it as the beacon of Western civilization.
But because I'm not gay, because I go against their agendas, they're trying to put me in jail
and they've betrayed me. So now that's not a particularly Western thing. I want to make this clear.
We talk about the fact that the matrix will put you in jail if you speak against authority. That's
that's the truth anywhere. If you talk against Putin in Russia, you're going to die. If you talk
against Xi in China, you're going to die. If you talk against a power in the West, you don't die
first. First they try jail. Then they'll kill you. I mean, Russia might try jail too. They might give
you a chance. But it's the same everywhere. The thing is, if you live in Russia or China,
you probably agree with your leader because they're competent. The problem is in the West,
you can't agree with the leader unless you're mentally insane because they're not competent and
they're idiots. So we're at a very difficult quagmire where in other countries, sure,
you can't speak against authority, but at least you believe that authority is competent.
Whereas in the West, we don't have that luxury. We're ruled by idiots or I wouldn't even say
idiots. They're not stupid. They're treasonous. They know what they're doing. They're not dumb.
They're just treasonous and evil more than stupid. So America and England have betrayed me and abandoned
me because of my views, which makes me feel kind of homeless. I mean, it's kind of sad to think
that your host nations have betrayed you. If I was Azerbaijani and I was just famous,
I'd be one of the most respected men in Azerbaijan. I'd be having lunch in the presidential palace
with the president of Azerbaijan. Everything would be fine. My nations should be happy for
what I'm doing. What am I doing? I'm teaching young men how to make money. I'm inspiring young
men to work hard and go to the gym. I'm inspiring young men to stick up for what they believe is right.
I should be celebrated as a cultural phenomenon instead I'm attacked. So yeah, I've been betrayed by
them and it makes me feel quite sad because I am patriotic and I do love both nations. But
what can you do when they're run by a homosexual mafia who are mad at anybody who doesn't want to
chop his dick off? What can you do about it? And I mean, I'm not Russian. I can't say,
Oh, I love Putin. I love how Russia thinks I'm Russian. I'm not actually Russian. I don't speak
Russian. I'm not actually from there. And what's another thing that's interesting when you get to
a certain level of fame and wealth is that you realize why people stay in the countries they're from.
Because if you're a Brazilian billionaire, you stay in Brazil quite often. If you're an American
billionaire, you stay in America quite often. You say, well, why is that? Well, at a certain level
of influence and wealth, you become a target, not just for criminals, but also for governments.
If I move to somewhere obscure, right? Let's say I moved to Uzbekistan. I'm going to move to Uzbekistan.
Everyone leave me alone. You're telling me that Uzbekistanis aren't going to sit around going,
we have one of the most famous rich men in the world here. Has he been giving you any money?
He's giving you any money? He's giving you any money? No, he hasn't paid nobody any money.
All right. Okay. That's fine. Years go by. I keep talking about Uzbekistan,
I'm living in Uzbekistan, living this great life, sleeping with their women, driving on their roads.
You tell me sooner or later, someone, even if it's not at the top level, even if it's a lower,
even if it's a lower police chief, a judge, whoever, I've had enough of it. He better pay me something.
And before you know it, you're in a, you're in a cell again for some reason. You know,
I'm sure if I would have given enough money to Romanian political parties, this wouldn't have
happened to me. And I was asked often if I want to invest. And I thought, I don't want to invest in
the wrong investor, donate. I don't want to donate to the wrong team and get myself in trouble. So I
tried to stay out of it. Then when you're in jail, they're like, oh, so which political parties
did you donate to? Cause you can call that. I was surprised that you didn't actually.
Well, I tried to stay out of politics cause that's how you get in trouble. So I thought,
I'll just stay out of it. I'm American. They won't mess with me because I'm American and
I'm good for the country. But once America gave the green light to do it, cause they had to ask.
Do you see yourself becoming a donor now?
Well, I don't, that's what I mean. I don't know anymore. I, I, people keep saying to me,
Andrew, where are you going to go? I don't know. My host nations have betrayed me.
All the countries I'd like to live in are still under.
Would it be an Islamic country or a Muslim country?
Well, yeah, I was going to say most of the countries that I'd like to live in besides,
let's say Dubai or Saudi Arabia, et cetera, but even those they're still within Western
hemisphere in regards to influence. If the American government wants you,
it's very hard for a government to say no. That's the American government as clown world as they are,
the American government's like, we need this guy. It's very difficult for any government
to buy or anywhere else to say, no, we're going to protect them because I'm not from there.
I'm not their guy. It's different if I was Saudi and I'm in Saudi and Americans want a Saudi.
But when the Americans want an American in Saudi, they're like, are you really going to
everything up between us over this dude? You don't even know what he's done. He's done this,
this, this, and this. And the Saudis don't know what they're lying on. They're like, ah,
okay. And they get you. I might become a pirate. I'm thinking of buying a yacht and going out to
international waters, living a few years at sea. Problem is I hate the ocean and I don't swim in it ever,
but maybe I'll just, you know, to make a political point that I can't trust any nation now on earth,
I'm going to go live on a boat somewhere until they eventually raid me with helicopters, black
seal team six, turn up to take me to jail. Maybe we'll go to space.
Yeah. Maybe there's gotta be somewhere I can hide. I don't know, but I don't think I'm as,
I don't think I'm as big a target as I was at one point when I was all over TikTok and I was
everywhere. They've managed to, TikTok's managed to get rid of me with a very sophisticated AI
algorithms now. So I feel like they're going to allow me to live.
I thought we had that little back camera there. Yeah.
The back of your head because your face is banned.
Well, my voice is banned. We'll change it up a little bit.
Yeah, it could change up the voice. Don't show the face and you should be okay.
We'll AI you to sound like Kamala Harris. They'll push it even further.
I'll have to laugh more then. I'll have to speak in rhyme.
Yeah. You quoted Adolf Hitler a while back talking about Muslim soldiers being preferred in his army over
Christian ones. The quote was, it's been our misfortune to have the wrong religion.
Why did it have to be Christianity with its meekness and flabbiness? Islam was a religion
of men and hygienic too. The soldiers of Islam received a warrior's heaven, a real earthly paradise
with women and wine flowing. What do you make of this quote? What does Islam kind of promise
Muslim men that Christianity doesn't?
I have to be very careful how I answer this question. However,
I do believe that Islam as a whole is a more patriarchal religion and it creates a more patriarchal
society. And he's right about it being a warrior's religion as well. That's true.
I'm careful to talk about Islam because the beauty of Islam is its rigidness. The fact that it doesn't
bend like Christianity does. But that also means when you talk about it, you have to get everything
completely right all the time. You can get in trouble. But Christianity as a whole, I mean, even
the idea of the Christian faith, the basis of it is to a degree sacrifice. And I love Western
Christian nations and I love Christian society and I live in the West and I understand all of these
things. I'm just talking about this from a philosophical standpoint. The idea of Christianity
is turn the other cheek or Jesus died for our sins. So you sacrifice, you give things up, you give it
away or you accept bad things happening. And Islam isn't really like that. And I guess you can kind of
apply that to how the two societies are now functioning. I mean, Christians are kind of like,
ah, you know, it's all terrible, but it's going to be okay. Or it's supposed to be terrible or turn
the other cheek. Or I have Christians who I live with who are very devout, who read the Bible every
morning. And they're like, ah, Jesus will fix it. Jesus is coming back. I'm like, okay, but your
society is on fire right now. Don't you think it's your job to enforce the ideas and the morals and
values of a Christian society now? Ah, but Jesus is coming back. Yeah, that's great. But don't you feel
obligated to do anything now to keep the society Christian? And I feel like many Christians don't.
Many Christians don't feel like it's their job to enforce Christian society. Whereas I think many
Muslims do. Muslims don't sit and say, ah, God will fix it. They say, no, we want it to be an Islamic
society now and we will make sure it is. I feel like it's more proactive than Christianity. I don't
know if that's just because Christianity is based on the ideals of, like we said, turn the other cheek and
forgiving and forgive, forgive, forgive, forgive. Then you have to really analyze things because
then you have to sit and say, do I see the world the way I see it because of my religion?
Do I see like people who are very forgiving, let's say our Christian and people who are
perhaps less forgiving or Islamic, let's just say, do they see the world that way because of
their religion or are they that religion because they already see the world that way?
You know? So it's like, which one, which way round is it? And then you have to look into the
depths of faith. You have to be very honest with yourself and say, is this, is my faith determined
by my absolute belief or is my faith determined to a degree by my personality? Because it's easy for
me to be faithful in these tenants because of who I am or is it about God or is it about who I am?
Many people, it's probably tradition. Well, yeah, a lot of it, not a lot of people switch.
Well, a lot of it's where I'm born. Where you're born, the end. But if you want to seriously
actually analyze your faith, you have to sit there and go, is it because I was born here and
I was told I was this one? Is it because I've done research and I've chosen? And then if I've chosen,
is it me choosing things I already agree with or is it because I believe? It's very interesting to
actually go down that rabbit hole, but I don't know. Personally, I saw the Olympics and I went and
protested in the name of Christianity and I'd like to see Christians do a lot less cheek turning. You're out of
cheeks. You have no cheeks left to turn and it's your society is now being degraded and your
your profits are being mocked. And I think it's time to get back to, you know, the crusading type
of Christianity instead of the forgive everyone, Jesus will fix it type. Because if you, well,
well, the thing is we can take it away from religion because it upsets everybody. But the truth is,
if you have any idea on the planet and you don't defend it, the idea won't last. Victor's right history
and might makes right. And if you're going to allow yourself to be attacked and never ever reply
or never ever enforce any boundary, you're not going to have anything left at the end of it.
It doesn't matter if it's two plus two equals four. If you're not prepared to defend that idea and the
people who believe two plus two equals five are ready to kill over it. Well, then you're going to
lose the math is going to change. That's the reality. So we have Western societies now where they're not
prepared to defend Christianity at all. They're not reproducing or having children. And then they seem to think
that it's all going to be okay in the end. Well, perhaps if Jesus comes back, like you believe
it'll be okay. But if he doesn't population dynamics ensure along with the basic dynamics of how power
works, you're going to be replaced. There's a huge power vacuum in the West. The reason Islam is
growing in such strength is because most people in the West feel like they can either be Islamic or
or be gay because there's no other real power structures. There's only two, the only two ideals
you can't criticize. You can criticize Christianity all day long. So why do Muslims have so many children?
Well, I mean, we can talk about it being an Islamic thing, but also in many ways,
it's not just an Islamic thing. It's, it's a, it's a third world thing because
a lot of Islamic countries are third world, but we can look at migrants even from South
America, perhaps who are Christian or from Africa, Christian nations still have a lot of children.
There's a lot of African Christian migrants who come to the UK or come to the West and they
outbreed the native populations. The reason for that is because the closer you are to survival,
the closer you are to your gender roles. If you were to get five men, five women,
strand them on an Island, the men would go hunt and the women would collect berries. And you know,
no one would be arguing about feminism. Everyone would be doing their job,
what they're naturally inclined to do. So the closer you are to survival, the more difficult your life,
the closer you are to gender roles, because gender roles give you the optimum chance of survival.
So you have people who are from difficult parts of the world, irregardless of their religion,
and they're close to their gender roles and the female gender roles, reproduction.
A woman is supposed to have children. That's what her body is built to do. A man's body is built to
work. That's why we're big with muscles and a woman's body is built to have children. That's why
she has a uterus and that's why she has periods. That's what she's meant to do. So that's the base.
That's the basic gender role. And we've fallen away from that in the West to the point now where the
native women of the West, they don't want to have kids. If they do want to have kids, they want to make sure that
they already have a huge house and their husband has a whole bunch of money and they get to have a
nanny and they get off potential professional photographer to photograph the kids for their
Instagram page. And they're not interested in actually having a bunch of children. They're
interested in all this other garbage instead. So, I mean, people have one, maybe two kids.
They don't have six, seven, eight, like they used to.
Do you believe the purpose of a woman's life is to have children?
I think it's the most important thing she could do. I think that I think it's the number one thing she'll
be happy she did when she's older. But I also understand why women aren't having kids because
we're now living in a society where women are in so much constant competition, even for men. So you
have women who are sitting there and they have a boyfriend, but they're like, oh, I've seen this
love story on TikTok about this girl who got picked up on a private jet. That's never happened to me. My
boyfriend can't afford a private jet. Do I really want to have kids with this guy or do I want to hold
out? Maybe I'll get one of those guys.
I've heard that exact conversation.
Well, there you go. So women are now holding out for this Disney fantasy bullshit.
Then you end up in a society, which we're currently in, where 90% of the women are chasing 5% of the
men. And then if they even do get one of those 5% men, then they start complaining that he's not
loyal. Well, duh. The whole, every chick in the world wants this guy. What do you expect him to do?
Fall in love with just you, but you're, oh, you're going to tell them about your twilight insights.
Really? Oh, you're that special. No, you're not that special. You're a pretty young
girl. Like most of the pretty young girls are messaging.
So, um, everything's fucked up, right? And, and then women can either have the choice of
having children with this man and being one of his many baby mothers, or they have to accept that
they're not going to get perhaps the man they saw on TikTok or Instagram and have a kick with him.
But then they're going to be resentful towards that man and not treat him the way he wants to
be treated, which is going to not allow him to feel like king of the household, which means when
COVID comes along, they're all going to end up wearing the mask, getting the fucking injection.
Everything ties in together how messed up it is. But yeah, things were much easier when
the small town girl met a small town man and they had six, seven kids. That was, that was,
that was society. Family was society, but now that's gone. Women don't want to have children
anymore. And I mean, you can look and say a man's job is to build. We're building more buildings than
ever before. A man's done his job, but all the Western populations are declining because women
are not doing their job, which is have children. You do not find women nowadays who are 21 and go,
I'm 21 and you start having kids. I need to have eight kids. None. So then what's the answer?
A government's answer is pretty simple. They're like, okay, our populations are declining. We'll
just import people because from the macro, if you zoom out far enough, everything looks the same.
We can see the difference between that cup and that bottle right there. We can,
but if you view it from space to just two dots. So from the governmental level, they don't sit and think,
ah, this person from fucking Syria, Afghanistan, God knows where isn't the same as the local people.
They just think person, person. So go, we need more people. Women aren't having kids,
bring people in. I mean, if you want to be a conspiracy theorist, you could argue that
they're deliberately using feminism and LGBT to stop the native women from wanting to have children
because feminism prevents women from having children because one, it makes them want to pursue other
things. And two, it makes them unattractive to men and it makes men not want to marry them
because no man wants to marry a feminist, no man. And then also they use feminism to decrease
masculinity, which then in turn does the opposite effect. No woman wants to marry a man who isn't
masculine. So nobody's meeting up anymore. They're doing this to destroy the birth rates of the native
populations because the native population has grown decadent and we expect holiday pay and safe working
conditions. So they want to get rid of us and just replace us with third and second world slaves.
So they can make as much money as possible. That's a conspiracy theory. You could argue,
but they certainly need people and we don't produce them. And if you say to the average woman,
like, you know, what would it take for you to have a kid? Oh, I'd like a holiday home in this house.
I need to live my life first. I want to finish my career. I want to have fun first. I haven't been
here. I haven't been there. I need to go on holidays. Woman, your job is not to get bags and get
Instagram lights and go on holidays. It's your job to have children. That's your job. You know, but women
have forgotten that they've been trained out of that. They've been psyoped out of that. It's all sex in the city.
Fuck everyone. You can, you should have your own career. You should have your own money,
blah, blah, blah. I was actually saying this last night. I have a Ferrari 812. In fact,
I have four Ferrari 812 competitions. It's a $1.6 million car. I think it's the only one here in
Romania. And, uh, I was talking to the girl I was with and I was saying the difference between the
masculine and the feminine is so pertinent. If you look at anything, because the masculine world is
built on competence and the feminine world is based on being beautiful. I said, that is a $1.6
million Ferrari. I've never seen a woman get one by a competence. I've never seen a woman go become
smart and learn how to do something and make enough money to buy a $1.6 million Ferrari. Now
I'm not saying it can't be done. I'm not saying it's not been done. I haven't seen it. I said,
as a man, you get a Ferrari by a competence. You get to ride in a Ferrari because you're pretty.
98% of women in Ferraris got there because they were pretty. That's it. Not because they knew
anything. Not because they've done anything. They looked good. I would argue if you could get
every woman who's ever been in a Ferrari ever, and you tick, tick the ones who bought it themselves
and tick the ones who got picked up by a guy because they were hot. 98% of chicks get the
best things in life just by being hot. Why does that matter? Well, primarily being hot means being
fertile. That's what it's supposed to mean. That's just more proof that women are judged by their
capability to have children. And it's subconscious, even for the men dating them who don't realize it.
We can tie this back into other things. We can tie into the idea that men don't want to have
children because they're scared of the divorce courts because the government's lost its mind.
And there's a whole bunch of things, but we should be prioritizing family,
migrants and immigrants. And you talked about why Muslims have so many kids. Well,
we can talk about it from the religious perspective, but especially in the third world perspective,
the men have a bunch of kids because they ain't got nothing to take. Divorce court.
I ain't got nothing to take. And the women have a bunch of kids because it's a society they grew up in.
People pretend, especially in the Western world, that they can't afford children. That's
a joke. I mean, the poorest people in the world have kids. It's just, they just prioritize other
things. They prioritize Starbucks latte and Instagram lights. And it's the failure of
society. It's really the failure of civilization when women don't want to have babies anymore.
Have you considered starting your own country?
Tristan kind of looked into it. Difficult thing with the country, so you need a military to defend it.
I mean, let's say- The war room?
Yeah. I mean, we'd all go down in a blaze of glory. We do our best.
You get a country, you get an island, you set it up, and then you just get invaded and taken
to jail somewhere by whoever. It's quite difficult to do. I'd like to think that America can fix
itself where that one Western country will come back to some degree of sanity. I'd like to really believe
that, but you're going to have to see how it all goes. What should a country be optimizing for?
Like, is it health, money, happiness? I know you said that individual happiness
isn't really ideal to optimize for, but on a country scale, does it make sense?
It's a very good question because once again, to answer it professionally, I have to,
those things you just named, if a country optimizes for the happiness of its constituents,
it will not be the most competitive country. If a country optimizes for the competitiveness of
its constituents, it will not be the happiest country. But then are these two countries in
competition? Because if they are, well, most are, you should probably optimize for competitiveness
because otherwise you have a very short-lived, happy country, which is eventually destroyed.
It's kind of what's happening now, right? You have China, which is a collectivist
society, and then we have America and these other countries, which are individualist.
But collectivism is going to win in the long run because all the ants work for the good of the ant
farm and they're prepared to sacrifice for themselves for the good of the ant farm.
So in the end, collectivism is going to win. Now you can sit and say life in China is no good because
it's controlled. Well, that's true. But if they win and we lose, well, then life in China is better
than being a loser because your country is going to get wrecked. So it's very hard to say what a country
should optimize for. And I guess that's the current and never ending battle, right, of a person
who wants to live a good life and the government who wants what's good for the government.
So what's good for the ant isn't always what's good for the ant farm. So you have to decide between
these two things. And for that to work, I guess what happens is in Western countries, the people,
the individuals need to have enough faith in their leaders and enough faith in their government to
make a degree of personal sacrifice, which we no longer have, right? So maybe in the days of old,
you could say, look, we're going to raise taxes because we're going to build the military.
And most Americans would say, okay, I accept and understand that because I believe in my
government. I believe in my military. I believe that my government does not waste money. I believe
that the wars we get in are just and essential for our defense. I believe this is a good thing.
We no longer have that in the West. Now everybody hates the government because we know they're
incompetent cowards and liars and they betray us. So we only want what's good for us. We don't want
anything that's good for government. But then how can our government compete with other world
governments if they don't have any true control of the population, if they can't do a draft or they
can't control the, no one listens to them or no one wants to pay the taxes to them.
It's all a mess. It's difficult. What China has, it has collectivism, but people believe in the
leader. Sort of like this may be bad for me, but it's good for China. And I believe in the leader
of China. Would you ever optimize for health? Well, that's what you optimize for on a personal
level. Like that's the first thing you tell people to do, get in shape. Yeah. I mean, but then it all
goes together, right? Because you optimize for health, which is good for the ant, but is that truly good for the
ant farm? How can you mine? How can you get natural resources? How can you generate power?
How can you do all these things? If your primary concern is health of your people, then you only
care about clean air, X, Y, Z. Everything's in balance because if you only, if you only optimize
for health, you're going to lose. You're going to lose. And, and unfortunately the bottom line of all
things, as we discussed earlier is violence. So perhaps you need to optimize to the capability to be
violent because perhaps that allows you to then get everything else, which is what the Americans
do. By the way, America is the world's largest superpower because as the world's largest army.
So, I mean, they could mine for cobalt or they could just overthrow a government and take their
cobalt, which is what they effectively do with the American dollar and military groups and sponsoring
terrorism and the army. So if you optimize for violence, you can probably fix most of your
problems via violence. If you optimize for health, it's hard to fix any other problem.
And I really truly believe that if you ever have anything, people are going to come and try and take it,
which is why they put me in jail in the first place. I have influence and they want to take it
off me. So if you're going to build a country, it's either going to be insignificant. Nobody's
going to care about it, or you're going to end up having things people want, and then you're going
to wish you were a bit of violence because they're going to come and take it. So perhaps if I had a
country, it would be a lot like Sparta and we would optimize for violence because once that's done
and we're secure, then we consider other things. But I think if you don't have the capability to defend
yourself, you're not going to have very much for very long anyway. Who do you think was the
greatest emperor? Genghis Khan, Caesar, Alexander the Great, or Napoleon?
It's a really good question. I think Genghis had the largest empire, didn't he?
He did. He did well. I'm a fan of Napoleon as well. I like Napoleon. I was very disappointed
by that latest movie where they just made him some simp. I was like, bro, is that what this movie's
about Napoleon simping? Not the battles of Waterloo or anything. Not all of his amazing
achievements. No, just simping. Let's just make a simp video. They just take every hero and try
and destroy him in popular culture. It's truly sad. It's hard to compare them all because there
are different periods of history and they achieve different amazing things. But I guess they all had
one thing in common and it's the mark of all great men since the beginning of time, which ties back
into what I was saying earlier about my woman saying to you, why do I still work? I said they were never
satisfied. I mean, Genghis Khan had the largest empire ever and he still wanted more to the day
he died. I think the most successful men on the planet are insatiable. So they had insatiability,
which I think if you're prepared to work for the things you want, as opposed to steal,
insatiability is a virtue in men. The greatest men of history were all insatiable people.
So, uh, and we remember them, which is what matters, right? What's the point in living a life as
a man to be forgotten? And most 99.9% of people lived and died and were forgotten. So
the fact that we're still mentioning them, I mean, they're all successful to be fair.
Uh, this is kind of random, but a trait that was noticed among like some of the highest performing
men of all time, like, uh, Steve jobs and some of these emperors mentioned was that there were
light eaters. Are you a light eater naturally? I'm a super light eater. That's really interesting.
It's because I think your focus is so on your mission that you kind of forget about food.
Yeah. I think, I think you're just the kind of person who doesn't value comfort in general.
Right. And what is eating? I mean, what is eating excessively you eat to stay alive? Of course you're
a light year, but if you're going to eat excessively, you're going to be tired and you're going to be
full and you like the idea and the feeling of comfort and you like the feeling of, you know,
feeling full, I guess in itself is a comforting thing. If you're used to the idea of adversity,
then you're not going to be interested in just eating until you're comfortable all the time.
I think it's just a comfort discomfort dynamic. Would you recommend fasting for young men?
I eat once a day. When I was younger, I used to eat more, but I'm old now. How old are you?
23. Oh, bro. When I was your age, I could eat whatever I wanted. I know I'm starting to sound
old now, but past 30, you actually have to eat a lot less. But I think feeling hungry is a good
thing. Yeah. I think being hungry puts you in a state of mind where you struggle to sit still and
you'll get things done and you can put that energy into a very, you put that in an effective manner.
I mean, what is hungry? Once again, I need food. Listen, you can go eight weeks without food.
We, we, we left, we had, we ate two hours ago. What do you mean you need to eat?
I think it's just the mindset of it. I think fasting is good for you. And there's a whole
bunch of medical and health reasons for that. But a lot of it's the mindset. If you're a full
grown man and you're hungry and you're having a panic attack because you can't get hold of some
food for an hour, then you're a dipshit. Then you're never going to be able to deal with any
deal with any of life's genuine struggles. Like you're hungry. Shut up. Don't even mention it.
Why even tell anyone? I've always found that amazing that people tell people, you're sitting
around people like, man, I'm so hungry. What do you want? Therapy? There's no food here. Like,
shut up until there's food around or go get something. I don't know. It's just, it, to me,
it's just a degree of broadcasting weakness. Like I need to eat. I'm hungry. I need to eat. I'm hungry.
What are you, a baby? That's what babies cry for food. Like I, to me, it's all, it's also gay.
It's just gay. If you're hungry, just shut up and eat. Eat and you could eat in two days from now.
You'd be perfectly fine. Do you think crying is signaling? Yeah. I think it's like an ask for help.
Yeah. Well, I mean, babies cry because they want attention and women cry because they want attention.
And I think, I don't know why men cry as much. Women cry to try and manipulate you primarily.
I think men probably do it for the same reason. You're trying to elicit sympathy,
but I think men cry a lot less often than women because we understand that sympathy is a lot harder
to come by. It doesn't work. And no one's coming to save you. No one's coming to save you. So,
I mean, if crying worked as well for men as it does for women, men might cry more often,
but it doesn't work very well. So most men don't bother with it, but women get to cry and they can
elicit sympathy all the time. Female crying is a superpower, right? If, if, if a woman attacks you
and hits you and you don't touch her and the cops turn up and she's crying, you're going to arrest him.
Yeah. So it's just, it's just the way it works. Right. But if the man was crying,
they'd be like, weird, unstable, arrest him. You get arrested anyway,
but more likely to get arrested if you're crying. So yeah, it's, it's, uh, it's strange. I think it's,
there must be some human psychology. There must be some study somewhere that explains why people cry
and why it's done. But I think to a degree is to elicit sympathy, but I don't operate from that
frame. I've never wanted people to feel sorry for me. I don't want anyone to feel sorry for
me for anything that's happening to me. I, I put myself in this position. I decided to do it all.
I could have shut up. I could have took 50 mil, a lot of things I could have done. I didn't do it.
I'm here because I wanted to be because I'm a full grown man. It's my decisions.
And I'm prepared to deal with the good and the bad that come with all of them. There's no light without
dark. And I do not want people's sympathy. People can understand it's unjust. People can feel
angered at the injustice and the injustice. And that's a very masculine response, but I don't
need sympathy from anybody. Back to the country thing. You, so you're basically a global citizen.
Um, you're a mixed race, man, uh, Muslim. Do you, are you pro segregation or separatism?
Yes, because I feel like the beauty of cultures are lost when they're all separated.
If you have coffee and orange juice and apple juice, they all have unique characteristics
and tastes good. If you mix them all together, you have nothing. So I think that the beauty
of cultures are seen what in their separate, in their separateness, right? The fact that Japan is
so amazing to visit is because it's Japanese, right? In a hundred years, when it's full of everybody,
it won't be Japanese anymore. They can go into Japan and be the same as going to any other
Western city. And that destroys the point in traveling at all. I also think that a lot of
people, I mean, the most homogenous societies typically are the safest. Not everybody is smart
and not everybody is calm or sane. And perhaps you need as many things as possible to try and hold the
fabric of society together. We talked about thin cultures and thick cultures, perhaps the thicker a
culture, just the better it is considering at least 50% of the people you walk past are below
average intelligence. There's a whole bunch of dumb people out there. And perhaps it's easy
for the world to get along if these dumb people look around and go, well, everyone else is like me
and I'm like them. And I don't want to hurt them because they're like me. And we all think the same
and we're the same people. And there's some unifying factor. There's very little unifying in the West.
We keep talking about how diversity is a strength, multiculturalism is a strength and diversity is
a strength. Is it? I don't know. Is it? I mean, there are some countries that have managed to do
it. Dubai has managed to be massively successful with an 80% immigration rate from all different
cultures, but it's one city. It's not a country. And they kick you out if you do anything bad.
And the legal system is a different level, right? So they'll like, if Nigerians start committing crime,
if there's two big crimes committed by Nigerian men, they'll kick out all the Nigerians, all,
and they'll take the visas from all of them. They'll say no Nigerians can come for two years.
America can't do that. America can't say one Chinese man committed crimes. We're stopping visas from
China. So, so who do you see as American? Because you, Trump, who do Americans see as American? Yeah.
Well, this is the thing, right? So when you, we had orange juice and apple juice and coffee,
and now what do we have? I don't know. What is an American? Is an American someone who sneaks across the
border and is just born there? Is that an American? If you're going, if you're not going to divide
the country by race or ethnicity or religion or language, like most countries do, like,
if I go to China with my wife and we have a kid there, no one in China is calling that kid Chinese.
No one's going to say that's a Chinese child. It was born here. Nobody. If we're going to do that
in the West, well, there's very important things we must do. First, we have to ensure everybody's
treated fairly under the law, which is to think that England's already lost because you have now you
have a two-tiered system inside of a multi-ethnic democracy. That's a big problem. But secondly,
you need to have something that unifies people, even if it's just respect and love for the flag.
If they're not going to be unified by ethnicity or language or even a version of history, right?
Because the version of history a Mexican person believes and understands about Mexico and America
and the war that happened and all these things is very different than the version of history the
American believes. If you're not going to have any of these unifying factors, culture,
songs, anything, you need to at least be unified by love for the country, at least.
And one of the things Dubai has is that everyone feels blessed and lucky to be in Dubai and they
don't want to leave. Whereas there's a lot of people in America who don't really feel that way
anymore and they don't love America. So what makes an American is someone who loves America. But then
once again, we've now entered the post-truth world where everything's subjective.
So what does love for America mean? Because the left believe they love America as they burn it down
and the right believe they love America as they try and preserve things.
I agree with the right personally, but the people on the left go,
No, I love America too much to let it be racist.
So like once again, what is love? It's subjectiveness. We don't have any unifying factors.
There's nothing that unifies people anymore. So what is an American is becoming more and more
difficult to answer. It's not the passport. It's not a skin color. It's not a language. It's not a
religion. And then I would say it's love for America, but even that's becoming damaged. At this
point now, what is an American? I'd say a Trump voter. If you're not voting for Trump, you're not an
American. That's how I now view it. But Trump won't be around forever. What comes after that? I'm not sure.
Do you believe women should have the right to vote?
You know, as a world famous misogynist, it would only be fitting for me to say no.
Well, what is a vote? Like what is a vote? Why do votes? Why do you think votes happen?
To ensure that certain ideals get in place. Well, what is a vote replacement for?
A vote is a replacement for a war, right? So the leader died. Who's going to be the new leader?
Well, I'll get my guns and you'll get your guns and we'll fight and we'll see who the new leader is.
But wars create a lot of bodies and wars are very expensive. And if you needed to have a war every
time someone died, you wouldn't get very far as a country because you'd have constant and endless
destruction, right? So a vote is a replacement for a war effectively. And in the voting system,
there's going to be a large percentage of people who are going to be unhappy with the result,
but you accept the result because it was fair, supposedly, but that's no longer fair. So why
should anyone accept getting a result they don't like if it wasn't fair, which is very important.
But what's really interesting is that voting was supposed to be a replacement for war,
but now we have two very distinct teams. You have a team of masculine men
and feminine women versus masculine women and feminine men. So you have two teams, you have the right
and the left. But if it was a war, the right would clearly win. So are votes now still a fair
representation of war or replacement for war, where if it was a war, the right would clearly win the war?
So is the voting system even still applicable for what it's supposed to be? I mean, should we have any
voter regulations? Well, I mean, also my view, to be honest with you, actually, is that the people who
should be able to vote are the people who, I would say landowning males or tax paying males, typically,
or you could say tax paying citizens, you should be having to do something to get a vote, right?
Like a minimum amount of taxes, you think? Yeah, just contribute to the system,
at least. If you're a tax paying adult, let's say you should be able to vote. I won't say women can't vote.
Yeah. But the fact that women can vote and affect something like a war where only men go die,
I think is very sad. And they'll say not only men die, women are in the military.
Only men die in wars. At bow, percentage wise, it's 99%, 98% men. I'm not sure. But then, I mean,
you can go into it from a psychological aspect. If women are easier to psyop, do you want them voting?
I mean, we can argue that females are easier to psyop than men because they don't have the physical
propensity for violence so they can't defend their ideals. So women are easier to psyop.
Do you want them voting when a foreign nation or a foreign government can subvert their mind?
I mean, if they respect their husband, they can't. But if they're watching TV all day,
women either belong to their husband's ideals or societal ideals. They don't develop their own.
They either follow their husband or they follow sex in the city. One of the two.
Like, do you want a large contingent of voters who can be psyoped? I don't know. Do you?
Well, if you want a very fair country and a very fair democracy, perhaps you don't want that. But if
you don't want it to be fair, if you want to be able to put something on the news that Trump is a
racist to convince half the population that he's somehow a bad person, even though he hung around
with rappers every single day until he ran for president and was never called racist ever,
and you want them to vote a certain way, well, then you do want a certain contingent psyopable.
I don't know. I mean, it's difficult to answer. Should women be able to vote?
A lot of the problems we are facing would go away if women weren't voting. I'll say that.
A lot of the issues that the Western world is currently dealing with
wouldn't exist if women weren't voting.
Many women would claim it's unfair representation that they can't vote,
especially when there's legal statutes relating to abortion, for instance.
And I know you probably are under the assumption that abortion isn't just a female issue.
I think that's very fair. But on birth control and abortion, I'm curious,
do the women you date take birth control?
Well, the thing is about the abortion argument, the thing that's so interesting about the abortion
argument is that not getting pregnant is very preventable. I don't see what this obsession
with abortion is because not getting pregnant is extremely avoidable. There's contraception
for both genders. You can track your cycle or whatever. There's a whole bunch of ways you can
make sure you don't get pregnant. The fact that you need option number nine, the most gruesome
and morally repugnant option to ensure you don't have a child. And that option number nine is so
important to you. It just shows a lack of maturity and planning in general. That's the first thing.
Second thing when they say, oh, yeah, but women should have rights to vote for what happens to our
bodies. That's not a female argument. A lot of things happen to men bodies, too. A lot of things happen to
human bodies that we do that. I mean, men get sent to war to die. Like, what are you talking about?
And and and the last point about this whole abortion argument, which I find
I don't think it has anything to do with killing children, really, because they talk about what if
you were raped? OK, yeah. But exceptions don't disprove the rule. Yeah. Point one percent.
Yeah. Stop talking about stupid shit. It's an emotional argument they use to rile women up to control
them, which actually ties back into what I just said earlier about psyoping. They are psyopable.
If you want an abortion, you're not going to be able to get an abortion. They're trying to control
your bodies. They're going to take your freedom away. And women are sitting there believing the psyop.
And like I said, they're voting for a candidate, ignoring all the important issues I named earlier,
World War three, inflation, crime rates set up because they feel like my body's my body, my choice.
I'm going to be a slave. You shouldn't want an abortion. And it's easy to avoid an abortion.
Would you? Would you ever have an abortion?
Well, I never I'd never allow any woman I ever dated to have an abortion ever.
But the fact that women won't sit there and go, OK, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I won't have an
abortion. I don't want one. And I'll never put myself in a position where I need to get one,
because that doesn't sound very nice to do. Like, it's all just a psyop. It's all just emotional
control. The reason the American election is probably the only one in the world where
abortions even mentioned, even in other Western countries, they don't do this in England and
France. They don't talk about abortion. Did the women you date take birth control?
No, they don't. And the birth control argument, I don't know actually very much about. But I have
seen a lot of studies as of late about why it's very bad for women and it can be very bad for them.
And I've been I've been luckily lucky. I guess the women I know don't take it. Perhaps that's why I
like them. Perhaps that's why they're not crazy. I don't know. But I know it's supposed to mess with
you hormonally very badly. But I just find it crazy that they can pull out this abortion card
and use it to rile up women and psyop them into voting for a country's demise anytime they want.
I guess that proves I mean, perhaps the abortion argument in and of itself is an argument for why
women shouldn't vote. They can pull up a stupid subject and they can psyop you into voting for the
country's demise for a procedure you should never want, which is perfectly avoidable, which you
probably won't even need. You will still vote for the country's demise if they say the right words
and get you emotionally invested because you are so weak. You can be psyop and just destroying society.
Maybe that's proof in and of itself that women shouldn't vote at all.
This is a little more lighthearted, but what's the most aggressive thing a woman's done to gain
your attention? I've had stalkers. I've had stalkers, yeah. But my brother has a stalker right
now, but she's unbeatable. She's the best of the best. She's the best of the best, but I'll let him
talk about that. Ask him about that.
Yeah, I've had stalkers. And you know what? Having a stalker, even me as a full-grown man,
I very much sympathize for any woman that has a stalker because it even makes me nervous. When
someone is everywhere you go or trying to turn up everywhere you are, even me as a man and her as
a little girl, it's weird. Pretty much every girl I've dated, I feel like, has had a stalker. Is that
the case with you? Well, yeah. It's super common and it must be extremely intimidating. Especially for
social media. Yeah, yeah. It must be very intimidating. So I've had a stalker. I get love
letters all the time. I have girls turn up at the house randomly. I get presents all the time. I had
women trying to send voodoo magic or gypsy magic to make me fall in love with them. Did it work?
No, it was funny. This girl who I kind of knew I went on a few dates with, but I wasn't that
interested in. She promised to cook me some food and she's a gypsy. Like Romania has a gypsy
population. And my house cleaner is a gypsy as well. And she sent me this food and it came with
like a toy night and some writing I didn't understand and a toy soldier and a bunch of crap.
And anyway, I'm just eating the food. And my house cleaner goes, don't, don't eat that.
I was like, why? She goes, this is gypsy magic. This means this,
this means this. She's trying to make you fall in love with her. This means this, this, this.
And she's put a spell on the food. Don't eat it. Like whatever. So I just ate the food.
But then for the following months, I pretended to the girl that I was falling in love with her.
So I was like, I can't sleep anymore. Something's happening. You're all I think about.
So I played along and she kept sending me food with different trinkets. I got, I was eating good.
Every single dinner time for about three months, I was getting food with different trinkets and I was
pretending to fall more and more in love with her. And this was before I was arrested.
And I think I went away. I think I went on holiday somewhere. I had some work to do for two weeks.
I didn't message her at all. And I think she realized I was just making fun of her. But yeah,
that was fun. Is there a specific type of woman you seem to attract? Maybe not just gypsies.
Yeah. She was a pretty gypsy. I mean, there's nothing against gypsies. She's very pretty,
but yeah, I, I get, I get endless love letters. I mean, if you ever want to get a lot of women,
just become a famous human trafficker, they seem to like that one, a human trafficker.
Well, I mean, it's, it's unfair for me to say, right? Because I'm very well known
and I'm known for having money. So women message me and go, I love your videos. I love the things you
say. You're so smart. And I kind of think, well, yeah, that's true. I am smart. And yeah,
I understand you like what I say, but I am also extremely wealthy and very well known. So it's like,
is this how much is real? What is love? Let's get philosophical. What is love? What is attraction?
Right. If I, if I'm with a woman, they'll say she's only with you for money. And then they'll say
to me, you're only with her cause she's beautiful. And I'm like, okay, well, if she's only with me
for my money and I get to take care of her and I get to afford her a perfect life and she has no
stress and no worries. And she gets to spend all her time doing things she likes. And I'm only with
her because she's gorgeous and beautiful and does everything I say. Is that real love or is that fake
love? You know, often what starts as fake love ends up real love. You see like a young, hot 22 year old
Ukrainian model with some old rich man. And you're like, she's only with him for money.
Well, probably on the first date, but after she starts living a certain lifestyle and getting
handbags and taking care of and her family at home, get to eat and she hasn't got work anymore.
And she has no stresses and she gets to go out on the boat every day. It ends up being real love.
Like that's just how it works. So money isn't that superficial either. I mean,
it's often a symptom of many other characteristics. Absolutely. Absolutely. If you have money,
you're often good at other things. You're competent. And, um, and, and, and love grows
from superficial things. Like a man falls in love with a woman initially because of how she looks,
how she looks. And she does, as he says, that's enough for a man to love her and fix her problems
and give her a nice life. It's enough for a woman to love a man. Women fall in love with the lifestyle
and then they fall in love with the man by extension. So what is love? A lot of it is superficial and
none of it is. People think this idea of true love is that it's based on nothing, right? If it's true love,
it doesn't matter. Well, this is what true love is that my, I can stop speaking. I could become a
mute and I can become obese and I can have no money and I can put in no effort at all.
And I can just sit there as a blob and my woman's going to love me anyway. And I don't think so.
I think she'd say, no, you're a man. You don't want a woman who wants that.
Of course, exactly. A woman has expectations of me and I have expectations of her and love is conditional
and, uh, it's built on certain things. So yeah, it's kind of funny. People say women only love you
for money. I'm like, well, that's maybe true, but it's real love in a way, you know?
Andrew, have you ever been brutally rejected by a woman?
Not in modern history, not in recent history, but I think back before I was deleted on Instagram
or when I was first famous, you have to be careful when you talk to anybody because a girl has a
decision when she speaks to you. There's two ways she can get clout. She can get clout by being with
you or trying to reject you. So like they can play that game, which is interesting. But I've retired
from all these things now. Like I've settled down and I'm done with talking to girls. Like I get
thousands of love letters a month and I ignore them all. They could be agents of the matrix,
right? Because we've seen two agents have already caused all this mess so far and women are the easiest
way to infiltrate a man's inner circle. Women are agents of the matrix. Women are your number one
liability as a man. If, if, if, if I want to care for what I say, cause I've got criminal cases,
but I'll say if I wanted to kill someone, right. And he knew I wanted to kill him. He wouldn't
have his location on Instagram where he is at the time, but the girl he's dating would because they
care more about those Instagram likes and anything else. He will take some girl on a date to a nice
restaurant and she'll be like, Oh, and the plate will have the name. And that's, that's the end of the
game, right? The police do it too. Whether it's the gangsters and the criminal or the mafia,
or the police, if they want to get a man, they watch the women. Cause women have no OPSEC.
They have no operational control. They don't pay attention to anything. They don't think they don't
think in that frame. And even if they do, they care more about their likes than anything else.
It's all about Instagram. I have to show on Instagram. You can't take a girl, you say to a
girl, I think you're the best place on the planet, but you can't put on Instagram. She's like, why?
She instantly like, what? I can't show everyone that I went. She doesn't care about going.
That's a big test of mine. I'm like, do you pull out your phone when this certain dessert comes out?
You know, it's like, that's very concerning. Absolutely. Because they're just trying to
solicit attention from the universe, which means they're also going to solicit male attention.
And it also means they enjoy attention. If they enjoy male attention, it's a problem.
But yeah. So women are a massive liability for me to meet a new woman. I'd have to assume she's not
an agent of the matrix. And then I'd have to train her up operational security wise. And I'd have to
make sure that she doesn't do anything stupid or say anything stupid or get bitter if I don't do what
she wants or betray me later down the line. If I meet a new woman now, how do I know I can trust
her in a police interview three months from now? She gets arrested. Like it's easier. I just don't
talk to any girls anymore. I've got my wives. I'm settled down. I've got the ones I trust and I'm
done with all the new ones because it's just a headache and a nightmare. What made you realize a
girl wasn't the one? I know you don't really believe in the one, but it wasn't the one for you.
It's a good question. What made me realize a girl wasn't the one for me?
I don't think I've ever had that realization. I don't think I've ever woken up and because if I've
ever gotten far enough for the girl to believe she's the one, I was prudent and diligent enough
to make sure that there was nothing glaringly obvious. However, however, I will say that at a
certain age and my age is 37, you do realize that on some level it's going to sound bad. I don't mean
this in a horrible way. I mean this in a positive way. On some level, everyone's replaceable. No
matter how in love you are with a woman and you break up with them and you feel like you'll never
get over them. Yeah, you will. You know you will. And you'll find someone else who's quite different,
but has things you like more than you liked the one before. And you do get to a certain point where
you realize that no one can break you if they leave because someone else will come and they will be
fine. What does heartbreak teach you? Well, heartbreak teaches you primarily, I think as a
man, heartbreak is designed to teach you your inadequacies because you do get to a certain
echelon as a man where women will never leave you. That does exist. There is this magical land you get
to where a woman can be like, I hate you so much and all you do is to you. I mean, you never even see
me and I hate you so much. I love you because there's nowhere else to go because they don't want to go
down. So at the top of the mountain, it's very difficult for them to degrade. They get there and you do get to that level.
When's the last time a woman's left you? Has it been years?
I have women who I perhaps haven't even seen in years who are still messaging me every day.
They came back.
Yeah. Well, yeah. I mean, but then what is a relationship? This is again, you go down into,
you get into the, everything gets confusing at a certain point because people will say,
are you with her? I'm like, I don't know. Am I? She's still texting me all the time. I reply sometimes.
She'll do anything I want. If I want her to, I don't want to see her. She has no one else. I have
everyone else. Are we together? Probably. Yes. No. It's all confusing, right? But
in the normie world, I guess, in outside of global fame and all this insanity and the normie world,
I think heartbreak is designed to teach you lessons. I think everything bad that happens
to you as a man is designed to teach you lessons. I think that's why God gives them to you.
You're never going to be a good man unless you've suffered. Good men have been through a lot of bad
things and you have to realize why she left or why your heart is broken so that you can change
certain things and grow. This is why God puts you in jail or allows you to lose a loved one or
a heartbreak or a car crash, anything else. If you're an intelligent person and you crash your car,
you sit and say, how did this happen? Was I driving too fast? No. Whose fault was it? Well,
an amateur will say it's their fault. They came speeding out at me, but a professional will say, no,
they came speeding out at me. Why couldn't I avoid them? Why couldn't I move? Why didn't I see it?
Why am I on this road in the first place? Like a professional analyzes everything from a position of
what they could do about it, having control over all things. And it's the same with heartbreak.
If you ask an amateur, why is hearts broken? Well, she left me because of blah, blah. And he'll just
blame her like a dumbass. She's arrogant. She doesn't listen to me. She, her friends convinced her to cheat.
She wants this that instead of saying, I don't have what it takes to keep her.
I don't have what it takes to talk in a way that makes her not want to listen to her friends.
I'm not important. So if you self analyze everything, then everything happens for the
same reason, whether no matter what bad thing happens to you, including heartbreak, it all
happens for the same reason for you to analyze and get feedback. I don't know if this is your quote,
but I remember it from years back. It's like, if you were richer and more jacked,
she wouldn't have left you. Yeah. Do you think that's usually the case? Well, I mean,
you can use it's hyperbole, but it's a basic, it's a basic version that you could apply. Yeah,
sure. If you were more important and more successful, she was less likely to leave you.
That's, that's the truth. The thing about life is you become a better person via feedback. You
don't ever become a better person via anything else, especially not practice. People say practice
makes perfect. And that's the biggest mistake because it's not true. Because I often get asked,
Andrew, how do you speak the way you speak? And I say, well, feedback. And they say,
well, you've practiced, right? Well, everyone practices how to talk. There's people who've
been alive 30 years longer than me, who've been practicing to speak longer than I have,
don't speak the way I speak. For example, it's just an example. You have to feedback,
you have to watch yourself talk. You have to see where you've made mistakes. You have to see where
you say, um, uh, like like a dumbass. You have to remove it consciously. You need feedback to improve.
So if a woman left you, that's feedback, learn the lessons and make sure it doesn't happen again,
or sit and blame her and pretend it's nothing to do with you and then wait for it to happen
to you again. Cause it will. That's how life works. Like feedback I got from jail or my father dying or
heartbreak or being stabbed or whatever it is, all of these things happen for you to learn from them.
And everybody in life has these events and everybody in life has these traumas they can
learn from. But most people are too stupid or too arrogant or too cowardly to sit down,
blame themselves, look in the mirror, analyze the entire situation as if it was their fault,
and see what they can do to prevent it from happening again. If I get wet in the rain,
I blame myself. Why didn't I bring an umbrella? Why was, why was I outside? Why was the car not
nearer? Why didn't I check the weather? It's all me. Whereas the average person goes, why are you wet?
Ah, it rained and it's not their fault because the sky rains. It's not my fault. I can't stop the sky
raining. Whereas I believe I could, I believe I could have stopped myself getting wet even if I can't
stop the rain. It's a mentality. If you were born a woman, would you still have the same vision
and dedicate your life to spreading the same message? I actually think I have no idea what
I'd do if I was born a woman because I think that'd be a dire existence. But that's from the masculine
frame because my, I want to build an empire. And as a woman, if I still thought like that,
that would make me a very predatory woman, I'd be dangerous. If I was a beautiful woman,
then I thought like me. Cleopatra, yeah. Yeah. If I thought like me, but I wouldn't
think like me because I'd be a woman. I think the best thing you can do as a woman is have a bunch
of children. I think it's the best thing you can do is have a bunch of children. I think it's also
one of the best things you can do as a man, but as a man, you have to protect and provide for those
children. So you have other pursuits, right? As a man, you don't have a, want to have a bunch of
children and not be able to give them a good life. But as a woman, you could find the right
man and you can have a bunch of children and he can make sure that they have a good life.
And I think that's the most important thing you can do. I think that's what a female's empire is,
is family. So I think if I was a woman, I'd be prioritizing. I mean, but then once again,
let's be honest, all the things I talked about how and why society is damaged and how women are
chasing the top 5% of men and all these things. If I was a woman, would I be a gold digger?
Gold digger. Probably. Probably. Yeah. I mean, I want, I want a good life. Like
that's how the world works. So interesting. It's really interesting for me to, as a thought
experiment, I can't imagine the female me, but if she was anything like me as a man,
she'd be dangerous. That's for sure. What does a man learn from life about women? And what does
he need to learn himself? Women teach you a lot about how to get women, which is actually quite
interesting. Like very true that they do. Women teach you a lot about how to get women themselves.
If you want to piss a woman off, ignore her. Don't insult her. Just don't reply. And you should
know that because when did a woman annoy you most? She ignored you. That's right. So like,
you can learn so much from them, but women are the prize effectively. Sexual access or access to
sexuality has always been a prize for men that effectively had to be earned. You had to go to war
and get a comeback with a valor star, or you had to be a king or something to get access to sexuality.
So women were the prize. I'm but to a certain point. And then if you're a high value enough man,
you can say you become the prize, blah, blah. But effectively women are a fantastic mirror
and how women treat you, tell you a lot about yourself because women are ruthless. And if you're not
a, if you, they don't see value in you, or if they don't see value, they can extract from you.
You're invisible to them. You know, you can go to a nice restaurant with a girl and you can say,
how many men are in here? And she'll say three or four and she'll ignore every waiter.
I heard you say this and I tried it and they all said two, three.
Yeah. The waiters don't exist.
There were like hundreds of men in here.
Waiters don't exist in their mind or if they can't get something from you, you're invisible.
So how women treat you in general is a good mark for how much value you openly exude. If they can,
if they can instantly see value on you, they'll talk to you and treat you a certain way.
People think that beautiful women are really bitchy and rude. No, they're not.
They're actually very nice and soft and sweet. You're actually quite shy and insecure
if you're that guy. But if you're not that guy, they're like, get the fuck away from me.
Because they don't even want to bother having a conversation on any level because you don't
exude enough value. So women are a mirror. They'll tell you everything you need to know about yourself
and you should pay attention to it and you should change it and you should fix it.
What can you only learn by yourself?
Well, I mean, I think the world's going to constantly and endlessly give you feedback.
It doesn't, I mean, women are a fantastic mirror and there's no point getting mad at the mirror,
but I guess to a degree, the whole world is a mirror on some level. And I think that the hardest,
the thing that people struggle with most, especially men is that we only learn lessons
the hard way. That's the problem. You want to be good at learning lessons the easy way,
which is really paying attention and making sure the feedback you're receiving, you need to be
perceptive to it so that it doesn't have to be so hard hitting. You need to be the kind
of person who goes out for a drive and his wheels slide a bit and he slows down.
But what people typically do is they go out for a drive, their wheels slide a little bit,
they continue and then they crash. And then they realize I should have slowed down once they hit a
tree. They only learn the hard way. But when they got the easy little bits of feedback,
they didn't want to pay attention to them because it was easy and they thought they got away with it.
And it's the same with a relationship and the same with everything else. There's little bits
of feedback. You go, ah, okay, this is going to be a problem later on if I continue. But they
ignore that part. They wait for all to blow up and go wrong. And then they learn. So men only learn
the hard way. And I guess you can speed things up if you try and learn the easy way. But sooner or later,
a hard thing is going to happen anyway. God's going to make sure. So you're never going to be able to
avoid that car crash one way or another. Something's going to happen and it's going to hit you.
And then it's your chance to prove to God you are the person you say you are and to just
be cerebral enough about things to understand that everything comes to an end one day
unless you die. And if you die, then it doesn't matter anymore. So they can throw you in solitary
confinement. It's going to end one day or you're going to die. And when you die, it doesn't matter
anymore. So there's no point in being completely distraught about it. You have to find the joy
in the crack in the sunlight through the roof and that's life. What else can you do?
Andrew, your bond with your brother, Tristan is evident. What moment solidified your relationship
with Tristan? Oh, we've always been, we've always been like this. I can't imagine us,
I can't remember us ever not being like this. So it's difficult. Every single day solidifies that.
It's hard for me to even say we are, we're a team. We'll always be a team. And I think that's what
brothers are supposed to be. I find it strange when brothers aren't a team. And if, if you're not a team
with your brother, there's something that's in the way of that most often, whether it's egos,
which have been, I mean, a lot of people have outside influences or they have egos,
which perhaps the matrix is injecting into them. Perhaps there's something outside there in the
world or the universe that's convincing you that your ego or X, Y, Z, that is more important than
your own brother. Females are another thing. People fall in love with their woman or their wife and
their wife's like, I want you to live with me. I don't want to be with him all the time. Come be with me.
Female is another thing. But if you're not very close to your brother, something's in the way.
So you should find out what that is. And you should then once again, analyze, is that thing worth more
than your relationship with your brother? Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. I don't know.
But in our case, our brotherhoods always come first. So we never had money in the way or jobs in
the way because we always worked together. We never had women in the way because we always lived together
and the women had to come and join our household as opposed to us go and make a household with the
girl. It was always us two as a team. And we've always been able to rely on each other. And I know that
that is a massive source of strength, but it seems very rare. I was surprised by how rare that was
until I became famous. And then people are like, where's the other brothers at? You know, you know,
but interesting. It's often said that a true friend is someone who sees the pain in your eyes when
everyone else sees a smile. What is Tristan and your other close friends notice about you that the world
doesn't see? I think a true friend is someone who expects the best from you, to be honest.
I think that masculine bullying to a bully. I think that the masculine realm of bullying is actually
very, very powerful. I think that a true friend expects the best of you. I think if I were to go
home right now and say, I'm too sad to work, everyone would call me a dickhead and like something
a faggot. What do you mean you're too tired to work? What are you talking about? I think that that peer
pressure and camaraderie that comes with the masculine world, a lot of it can be delivered in a
non-PC way, but that's actually the power of it. So I expect my friends to hold me to a high regard
as opposed to see pain in me. And if they do see pain, I expect them to help me get through it.
That's what I expect a friend to see more than anything else.
Do they see anything right now that you're struggling with?
I don't think so. I don't think so. I think that, or if they do, then we're all busy getting
things done and we all expect the best of each other. I would never have friends who don't do
what they're supposed to do. It's just the way we are. We're a group of people. We're all competent
people and we do what we're supposed to do. And if there was one person who continually failed,
they wouldn't be our friend very long because we wouldn't have any shared values.
And irregardless of how I feel, I have things I'm supposed to do and they must be done,
whether I'm happy or sad. So how important really is it? If I wake up sad or I wake up happy or I wake
up angry, I have the same schedule for the day. So it doesn't matter if I came and sat in this chair,
happy, sad, angry, whatever, the podcast is going to happen. I'm going to do the podcast.
I just don't understand the importance we put on feelings again was never something. I mean,
this is a modern phenomenon, right? Men had duty and honor and how they felt was not
to be taken into consideration because they had things they were supposed to do.
Now, once again, now everything's become subjective. Perhaps we're highlighting the
importance of feelings amongst men because one, we're trying to feminize them and two,
we're trying to make everything subjective once again. Oh, he doesn't go to the gym because of X,
Y, Z, or he feels down or he's depressed or he has ADHD or whatever fucking garbage to come up with.
That's fine, but he needs to go to the gym. So we can talk about all the reasons he doesn't go
for the forever. That's a very long, lifelong conversation, but he needs to go.
So we've removed the needs and we've removed the hard facts and the duty and the honor and the
commitment. And we've replaced it all with this subjectiveness. And there's nothing more subjective
than feelings. How I feel inside on a day I say I'm happy might be the exact same way someone
feels inside on the day they say they're sad because their expectation might be higher for
happy because they only think they're happy when they're running around laughing with a child.
Whereas I think I'm happy as long as I'm not distraught. I'm happy all the time because I've
nothing to cry about. So what am I going to cry about? The masculine fixation on emotion could be
a push for pharmaceuticals. Oh, yeah. It's a push for pharmaceuticals. It's a push for feminization.
It's a push for subjectivism. It's a push to remove duty and honor. It's an attack on masculinity.
I don't really give a shit how the men I know feel because they have things they need to do.
And as long as they're going to do them like they're supposed to do them, I don't really care
that much. And if they were to come to me and say they feel down about something and they had a good
reason, I wouldn't be insensitive. That's fine. But we're talking about a death of a family member
or something. And we're talking about one or two days until you just get back to life. You have things to
do. There are people in Gaza right now whose families are getting blown to smithereens. Are they
sitting around doing therapy or are they rebuilding their homes? Action solves all things. Time solves
all things. God solves all things. And to sit around and be obsessed with feelings is highly
feminine. I don't like that energy around me. I don't even accept it from women. I don't even
like when women sit around.
I'm sad. OK, that's fine. But I'm not. And there's things to do. You're not going to bring
your negative energy in this house. Either cheer up or get out. You can see them talk about being
sad over nothing. It's just infantile. So children do. I think this obsession with feelings in general
is once again purported by the matrix. And they're trying to convince everybody that if you feel a
certain way, it's OK to act a certain way when truthfully it's not. If I feel angry, is it OK to go shoot up
with school? No. Like you're not allowed to act on your anger or act, especially as a man. Women do
this all the time. Oh, but I was PMS or I had my period. So you're an adult. You're an adult. You're
not allowed to scream at people. You're an adult. Control yourself. If you can't control yourself
because you feel a certain way, then you're not allowed an opinion or anything because you're still
a fucking kid. You're still a child. For all the women who say they do certain things because of
PMS because they can't control themselves, even though they're a full grown adult, why are you
voting and having an opinion on anything? Because you're still a fucking child, right? I feel angry.
I don't I don't shoot anyone. I feel sad. I don't cry. Just get on with life. It's the adult
mentality. So I'm not sure this feelings don't cross my mind, if that makes sense. They don't
cross my mind because they don't affect my day. So it doesn't change anything. So I have other things
to think about. Going back to your childhood, do you know what your GPA was in school? I can't
remember. I don't know. I got moved up two grades. I remember that. But then I asked to move back
down because I didn't make friends as easily. And they moved me down one grade. So I was one grade
ahead. But I was only in school in America till I was like 10. And then I went to school in England,
which was a very different experience. Did you interest in getting in trouble a lot in school?
No, we didn't get in trouble a lot. No, I think we were fairly good students.
We were kind of we were kind of we weren't particularly popular. We weren't unpopular.
We were kind of like a side side group to the main groups of the school. We had our own thing going on.
But we were American. And back then in England, being from America for some reason was a big deal.
But school was fairly easy. I never tried that hard, but I always did well. I should have tried much
harder. But I even then, when I was young, I understood it was bullshit and a waste of time.
So I got B's and A's. But I didn't try to get B's and A's. I just got B's and A's because I had
half a brain, you know, but I could have. Did you have a favorite subject in school?
I could have done fantastically and gone and done really amazingly academically. But I just knew it
wasn't going to make me rich and I want to be rich. So I just wasn't interested in it. My favorite
thing in school, I didn't think I had a favorite subject. They were all just obligations I had to
complete. So I just I just did them all. They were all obligations to do. They were all fairly easy to
do. But I knew it wasn't going to give me what I wanted. Once you guys got finished with your school
work, like what did you guys do? Like what was the activities? Yeah, so I tried it. My father was a
professional chess player. So I had to play chess a lot when I was in America. And then when I moved to
England, I started doing martial arts or or even just fairly normal things. But even when I was
only 15, 16, I was trying to find ways to make money. I started my first job when I was 15 years
old, carrying boxes of fish. I used to carry boxes of ice. And I've always I'm not sure why I've always
been obsessed with money. I don't know because I grew up poor, but a lot of poor people grew up and
they didn't seem as obsessed as me. I've always been obsessed with the idea of having money. And I think
that in the world today, if you truly actually want something and you never give up on it, you're definitely going to get
it. But that's all I ever wanted. I wanted someone to just teach me how to make money.
I remember even from the age of 15, going to school or if I ever met anyone who was rich or
whatever, I'd say, I don't want to learn a subject. I want money. Like, oh, yeah, we got to go to school.
No, no, no. I want to learn. Teach me how to make money. Don't teach me fucking English. I speak English.
Teach me how to make money. And there seemed to be all these obstacles in the way. You have to go to school
and you have to get your grades and then you get a job or didn't you learn how to make money.
And I couldn't find anyone to just teach me how to make money, which is, I guess,
why I launched my school now that I currently have, because it teaches you how to make money.
Yeah. That's what it's for.
Why did you create your school? I mean, you said it's
like, what age did you realize school was a scam? Did you know from the get go?
I knew from the get go that school is a scam. I've always known it. And I was actually talking
about this four or five years ago. I was discussing with someone how university is a scam and how people go
because there's nothing else to do. They just finished high school or college and they don't know what else to
do and they can't find a high paying job. So they go to university just to waste time.
And somebody agreed with me and said, yeah, but there's no alternative. And I decided to launch
an alternative. So we now own university.com. It's the largest online educational platform on the
planet. $49 a month is cheaper than pizza or a hamburger. And we teach people how to make money online.
Yeah. And there's a bunch of reasons why we're doing that. One of the primary reasons we're doing
that also is because one of the ways the matrix keeps everybody under control is what we were
discussing earlier gatekeepers. And one of the largest gatekeepers is your job. If you have to
call all the transsexuals, she's at your job or the HR department will fire you. Well, then they're
doing very good and continuing to infiltrate the transgender movement amongst the minds of, of men
in the world today. So I liked the idea of any fan of mine being able to make his own money and being
outside of the matrix and not being fully controlled so we can feed his family. So I feel like there's a,
it benefits my mission to teach people how to make money online.
Also, it was a gap in the market because everybody's tired of the idea of traditional
education, which teaches you absolutely nothing. And, um, we're doing fantastically well.
We have over 250,000 students. It's $49 a month. We teach people how to make money
and we're starting to launch our own initiatives. Now we've just launched fundraiser.com.
So I've taken $50 million of my own money. And now anybody who is a member of the real
world who has a business plan can apply for funding. So I'm going to own a percentage of all
these other companies. Um, the, the matrix led educational institutions were very unhappy with
me getting university.com and buying that, that pissed them off, which was fun. So, um, everything's
going online anyway, most things are moving online and this is a revolution in the educational space.
And I think it's also one of the reasons why I was attacked so heavily because the educational
mafias and the loans attached to them have huge political sway. It's probably one of the reasons
why they're so mad at me, but it teaches young men how to get rich and young men who are rich
are harder to control. And as you said earlier, money often comes with other attributes. If you're
good at making money, you've learned how to work hard and be dedicated and explain yourself to other
people and have your own opinion and think outside the box. And if I can teach hundreds of thousands of
young men, how to get rich and not need a job, all the other skills are going to learn along the way.
It's going to make them difficult to control those people. They're going to be the kind of people who
resist the matrix. So it all ties in together and everyone benefits, right?
I've gone through the real world, Andrew, and I think it's extremely useful. I think a common
critique with courses and these kinds of online programs is that you can find the information
elsewhere online. But I think it's useful because of the amalgamation of the information and the
actual path it shows you to take to make the money. And then, um, the community aspect of people
actually, like I made X amount and you can meet someone who's already made the money doing the
business you want to do, talk with him, like learn the updated things. I don't know. I mean, sure,
the information is available online, but you don't know where to look for each thing. You don't know
how they connect. Absolutely. Yeah. We've laid it all out for you, right? So it's like,
it's like saying, well, why would you buy a dictionary when all the words are available online? Well,
in a dictionary, they're in order. Yeah. So it makes it a lot easier to digest. And then there's the
community aspect, of course. And the fact we're always updating it and adding to the platform,
we update the platform at AAM every day. There's no other school in the world that updates itself
every day. If you go to learn a college, if you go to a college, you're learning the same.
It's a decade old. Yes. It's 10 years old. They don't update their textbooks every day. They don't
update their information every day. And you can't post everything online, like on YouTube. Like,
I mean, in the real world, for instance, I went through the AI course and it showed me something about,
uh, like prompt engineering. And I was like, okay, you probably won't find this on Reddit,
you know, like they could actually put this, uh, so you could prompt it in a way to get
X result, you know, but they can't say that. Yeah, exactly. There's some interesting things.
No, there's super interesting things. And the most important thing is that we've made it $49 a
month. So it's super affordable for anybody. Um, so I'm very, very proud of the school we've built
and we've just begun. We're going to launch the real world token soon. So everybody who's inside of
the real world can increase their power level by making money. And there's going to be an airdrop that
allows everybody to get the token. So it's quite a revolutionary thing we've done. You join $49,
you learn how to make money as you make money, which is more than you've invested,
you increase your power level, and then you're going to get free crypto coins based on your
power level. So we are genuinely making people rich. We are improving the world and that good
karma of making hundreds of thousands of people rich, I feel like is a massive shield against the
evil and the Satanists who are trying their very best to destroy the world and put me in jail.
So my, my primary objective every single day, all day, every day is to make the real world as
powerful as possible and make people as much money as possible. And once they have money and
they realize that money is not alone, you need money's not money alone is not enough,
you need brotherhood network, then they can join the world. So in the real world,
you help people learn really practical methods of making money to get big results.
What are the most practical, spiritual and energetic beliefs you have?
Well, I don't want to be cliche. People will have the people talk about manifestation, right?
Manifestation is real, but not because your mind manages to magically attract
the things you want. I don't believe your results reflect your thoughts.
Yeah, exactly. I think it just reminds you of what you really want and it allows you to find energy
all the time. If you manifest yourself having a perfect physique, you're going to be a lot more
motivated in the gym. It's not the thought that makes the physique. It's the gym that makes the
physique. However, the manifestation makes you want to go to the gym. So I do believe that if you
understood the power of your thoughts, you'd never think negatively ever again.
But I think manifestation works in another way. I also think that once you understand all of the
bad things and good things that come into your life are a perfect plan from God himself, you're
going to be a lot less affected by the bad things. If something bad happens to you, it's part of God's
plan. He knows what he's doing. In the end, you're going to be happy it happened. I often ask people,
is there anything bad that's happened to you in the past at the time you were distraught about that you
now wish didn't even happen? And truthfully, you're like, no, I'm kind of glad it all happened
because of. So if you understand you're always going to get there eventually, why be upset about
it now, right? If you know in a year from now you'll be glad it happened, why be upset about
it happening now? You have to be cerebral enough about things. And I think if you take these approaches,
if you take the approach of manifesting what you want so you're constantly motivated and
understanding all the bad things that happened to you are just a lesson and one day you're going to get
over it, it's pretty easy to be a happy, contented, balanced person. I don't think there's any serious
magic to happiness. I think it's a choice and it's pretty easy to do. I think the unhappiest people
in the world don't have any struggle at all. You often find that people who are struggling but know
exactly what they're supposed to do. If they're getting up every day and they're grinding and
they're working hard and they don't have what they want yet but they believe they're going to get it
and they're trying their very best and they're dedicating themselves, they're very happy. Perhaps to
people who were born with a trust fund and unlimited money and have no struggles in their
life and they have no objectives to try and conquer are truly the miserable ones. Perhaps
we're built for struggle. Perhaps the human mind and soul and spirit is built to struggle. Perhaps
we're built to suffer. I know me as a man, I'm happiest when I suffer. Why did the emperors we
discussed earlier constantly try and expand their empires? Because they wanted to struggle. They
wanted difficulty. Would you play a video game if it was easy? If you could never die? I mean,
cheats get boring pretty quick. You play it because it's hard. That's the whole point of it. You're
supposed to struggle with it. You're supposed to suffer with it. So I think a lot of people
confuse these things and they sit and say, ah, this is merely making me unhappy. Or
people ask me about my current legal troubles. Is it making you unhappy? It must be really stressful.
I said, yeah, perhaps. But if I didn't have it, perhaps I'd be worse. You know, if I didn't have
any, if I woke up and everything was just perfect, that'd be great for a few weeks. But if you just wake
up and nothing ever goes wrong, I think that'd be quite depressing in its own way. That's the beauty of
life is the up and the down because there's no light without dark. So if you understand these things,
it's pretty easy to be happy. I guess on manifestation, is there anything
that you don't teach people because it's too strange? Like, uh, are there any unusual
manifestation tactics you've used in the past decade? Like speaking to moon water or collecting
crystals, something weird. Is there anything that you've tried? It's a good question. I think, um,
I don't do anything that's crazy. If I say something, I stick to it. I believe that
your word is your bond and you should stick to everything you say. So for me, the simplest
life hack is to make sure I never see myself as a liar. If I say something, I'm going to do it.
So if I say I'm going to run a marathon, I now have the energy to run the marathon because I don't
want to bring my word to myself, which the hack to that is I don't need the energy to run the marathon.
I need the energy to say I'll run a marathon, which is a lot less. But once I've said it, I have to do it.
Does that make sense? So if I look at something I don't want to do it and I think that looks too hard to do,
I'll tell Tristan or I'll tell someone close to me, I'm going to do it. So now I have to do it.
That's how I'll do things. So we can take a very simple example. There's 10 rocks to move and I
don't want to move them. They're too heavy. But if I say to someone, I can move all those rocks,
I'm going to move all those rocks. Now I have to move them. Otherwise I'm a liar, especially,
and that's also easy because of my social circle, because they'll call me out on it. You said you're
going to move those rocks. So now I have to do it. So I don't need the energy to get the work done.
I need the energy to tell people I'm going to do the work and I have to keep my word to myself,
which maybe some people find strange, but I think it's pretty simple.
You have to build trust with yourself. Once you trust yourself, you can do the things you say.
Absolutely. You have to be the kind of person who doesn't lie to anybody, including yourself,
especially yourself. Don't lie to yourself ever. You should be brutally honest with yourself all
the time. Otherwise, you're not gonna be able to make the correct move on the chessboard. If you think
you're better than you are or worse than you are, you're going to make mistakes. You need to know exactly where you
are and all of your capabilities, which once again, is feedback, like we said before.
