All of the ideologies which are being pushed by The Matrix are designed to destroy something.
Andrew Tate goes on a massive attack to the crypto community.
Yeah, I'm a Bitcoin maximalist. That's you? That's your personality? That's everything you are?
He shares a story he's never told and a secret he's never shared.
I know a killer when I see you. In him have a Mexican standoff in the back of the car.
They set me up when I put my bag in the trunk at the beginning.
He explains to you step by step how you can get rich.
And he exposes feminism and defends himself against misogyny.
Feminism is probably the most misogynistic movement on earth because what it does is it makes women into competitors with men in realms where they can't compete with men.
Before I tell you the wild discussions we had, I'm giving away £30,000 worth of exclusive prizes just for listening to both parts of this Andrew Tate launch.
All you have to do is find the secret question hidden in these two episodes.
What defines sexual consent?
You said f***ing bring it. You told me to bring it.
Well, it's forever changing, isn't it?
I think if we're watching this, I think everyone at home knows what rape is.
I think everyone at home knows what an actual rape is and how heinous and disgusting that is.
And I'm the first person as a masculine man to say that rapists should face a death penalty. I'll say it myself.
A woman regretting consensual sex years later is not rape.
I think that's cheapening the idea of rape.
I think it's insulting to the women who have genuinely been raped.
I think to sit and say that rape can now include a woman having a one-night stand, demanding handbags, not getting handbags, being upset that she can't get handbags, still not calling the police,
seeing that man buy another woman a handbag a year and a half later and then deciding it was rape.
I think that is extremely insulting to the unfortunate women who have suffered genuine sex crime.
I think it's disgusting.
I also think that most women and most men know what sexual consent is.
I have daughters.
I have a lot of daughters and sons.
But I want to make something clear because one of the things that's used against me most often is people say, I said women bear some responsibility for getting raped, which is not what I said.
What I said is that we're adults and we must all bear responsibility for the situations we find ourselves in.
If a woman is walking her dog in the park and is raped, that's disgusting.
And that's not her fault.
What I was talking about was a particular scenario in which a woman will go out with a man, get drunk with a man, spend all night with a man, go to the man's house, continue to drink, have sex with the man.
Then, years later, decide that it was rape.
My argument would be, if you don't want to have sex with a man, do not get drunk with him and do not go lay in his bed.
That's my argument.
I have daughters and I would say, do not get drunk with men and lay in their bed if you don't want to have sex with them, ever.
No, don't do that because you're going to give the man the impression.
Now, I'm not saying the man can rape her.
I'm not saying that.
I'm saying that you're putting yourself in a position where rape is more likely to happen.
If I decide to walk through the worst area of town with a million dollars in cash, yeah, nobody should rob me.
You're right.
It's a crime to rob me.
But am I making myself a robbery target?
Am I making myself easy to rob?
It would be irresponsible for me to do such a thing.
So I think that the best way to protect women in these scenarios is not to do what the feminists are doing, which is to come along and try and create this ideal world.
Well, men should know not to rape.
We do.
We know not to rape.
We also know not to kill.
And women should know not to lie.
But guess what?
People are imperfect and people do bad things.
So what you have to do is take personal responsibility and protect yourself against the possibility of these things.
I think that the reason sexual consent has now become such a hot topic is, yes, there's bad actors doing bad things, of course, men and women.
But truthfully, I think a lot of this is happening because we've removed some of the basic societal norms.
A woman wouldn't get drunk with a man and go to a man's house and lay in the man's bed and kiss the man and take all her clothes off and then not want to sleep with a man four years ago.
So the consent line wasn't as blurred because it was, you're not my husband or you're not my boyfriend.
I don't want to go anywhere near you.
It was a pretty clear line.
So then the line had to be jumped over by a predator.
But now the line's all messy because of the immorality of people, male and female.
So now it's very difficult.
Where do you draw the line?
What if she gives consent, but she was drunk?
That doesn't count.
How is the man supposed to know?
Is he supposed to get out a blood alcohol measure and make her beep beep?
Oh, sorry.
Your yes doesn't count.
The whole line's messed up because morality is destroyed.
If you destroy morality, then now there can't be a line.
So I can't answer the question.
Nobody can.
And the law is coming along trying to find the line in all these individual cases, in these huge court cases,
just trying to find the line where there's no morality at all.
Now, I would argue, and I know this is difficult to say, but I'm going to say it.
If my daughter came to me and said I was raped, before, on my way to get my gun, I'd say, tell me the story.
And if she said, I met a man, and I was dating him for many weeks, and I went out with him, and I started drinking with him,
and then I went to his house, and we continued to drink, and it was a party, and then we started kissing,
and I took all my clothes off, and then we started having sex, and then I decided I didn't want to have sex anymore.
I'm like, I can't truthfully shoot this man in the head anymore.
Why did you do all of that?
Why didn't you just say no?
And I'm talking about my own daughter here.
But I don't know if I'm allowed to say this without the world having a mental breakdown,
because we live in a world now where nothing is nuanced.
You can't make a nuanced point.
You can't talk about how complicated this subject is.
Everyone wants black and white.
It's difficult what sexual consent is anymore, because when you remove morality, there's no longer a line.
I don't know.
It's hard.
This is why I've settled down with my 11 wives, because you can't trust anyone.
Let's imagine I meet a brand new girl.
Let's imagine we have a happy relationship.
Let's imagine we're together for nine months.
Let's imagine we have sex a hundred times, and let's imagine I don't buy her a BMW.
Let's imagine.
And let's imagine she texts me and says, I want a BMW, and I say no.
And let's imagine she texts me and says, if you don't buy me a BMW, I will go to the police and say you raped me.
Let's imagine she admits.
Was she from Peterborough, where I live?
Well, let's imagine she admits via text to the crime.
She admits what she's going to do for a car.
And I still refuse to buy her a car.
When she goes to the police and makes that complaint, I will still be arrested.
I will still be demonized in the media.
I will still have to go to court.
I will still have to go through a trial.
I will still spend $3 million in legal fees.
Despite her admitting to the fact she is lying for a car.
I will still have my reputation decimated.
My life will be damaged.
I'll be stressed to the max.
I'll have legal fees.
I'll go through all of this.
All because I didn't buy her a car.
Despite her admitting the crime.
Because I'm a man.
And even worse, I'm a famous man.
And even worse than that, I'm a masculine man.
So I'm the enemy of the matrix.
So how can a man even fairly and safely have a relationship anymore?
Where is sexual consent?
I don't know.
I had sex with her 100 times.
Was she drunk one of those times?
I don't think so.
Do I alcohol breath test her every single time?
No.
She's now saying she was drunk.
I'm saying, well, she came over my house at 1130 p.m.
We went straight to bed.
I don't know.
I didn't know this.
I don't drink.
I haven't drunk a drop of alcohol in a year and a half.
Yeah, but she was drunk.
Prove it.
Do you have the blood alcohol test that she was drunk?
No.
Neither do I.
But she says she was drunk.
So she says the consent isn't real.
So you still have to go to a trial.
But she admitted she lied for a BMW trial.
Now, we have evidence to the contrary because you said on Rob Moore's podcast at Women Can't
Pardon.
And that BBC, rapist, rapist, rapist, rapist, rapist, rapist.
Bro, what the?
You can't live a life anymore.
And the scenario I've just described to you is 100% accurate.
So how are you as a man now?
You asked me what sexual consent is.
I don't know.
There is no sexual consent anymore.
Let me change my answer.
My answer was there's no longer a clear line of sexual consent because of diluted morality.
I'm going to change the answer.
As a man, there is never consent.
Because if it can be snatched from you retrospectively, then you never had it.
You never owned it.
If I give you something and I can snatch it back off of you at any time, do you own it?
No.
You're borrowing it.
You can borrow consent as long as you never annoy that female at any point in the future
ever.
Good luck.
That's what a line of sexual consent is for a man.
So as a man in the Western world, you have zero consent.
And even if you have all of the proof, I made the point about the text for the BMW because
that's very important.
You can have CCTV footage.
You can have all her texts.
You can have everything.
They will still destroy you in the media.
So it doesn't matter.
Your reputation is still tarnished.
You'll lose your job.
You'll lose your bank accounts.
They'll still take everything from you.
So there is no sexual consent anymore for a man in the West.
It doesn't exist.
So here's a paradox I've just picked up out of that.
Sure.
And that is everything you said about what the media will do to you has made you bigger
than Jesus Christ.
You are bigger than Jesus Christ.
Yeah, it's made me massively.
It has made me.
If it didn't work like that, you wouldn't be as big as you are.
Correct.
But I'll also argue I'm in a fortunate situation because 99% of men who was hit like I was hit
couldn't have done what I've done.
And I'll tell you why.
Firstly, there's the mental aspect.
Every man thinks he's tough until it's going on.
Two, when you have the BBC attacking you, attacking your mother, attacking your family,
attacking the mothers of your children, when your kids are getting kicked out of school,
when reporters are following your old mother around, when they've closed all your bank
accounts down, when they're trying their very best to call all your ex-girlfriends and build
up cases that don't exist, when they're printing lies about you, when you know you can go to
jail at any moment for nothing.
That's a lot of mental stress.
Most people, I'd argue, couldn't deal with that mental stress.
Next, financially.
Most people have a job and your job is gone and you're broke.
If you have your own business, you can't get customers or clients.
Most people.
I'm in a very fortunate financial situation where my finances are hard to touch and very
difficult to damage.
In fact, they've been trying for a very long time to take down my schools, the war room.
That's not even my main money.
My main money is other things they don't even know about.
I can't be damaged.
I'm actually in the NBA.
I'm an NBA player.
Never broke again.
So because of that, I'm also fortunate.
And I'm a very good speaker with a very large platform.
And they've tried to cancel me and ban me, which they've done.
Normally, that makes someone go away.
I don't go away.
They've tried and I don't go away.
I'm on another platform so I can speak.
If I was a normal person and I got hit with that garbage, I wouldn't be bigger than Jesus
Christ.
I'd be destroyed.
I'd have no money.
I'd have no job.
I'd be able to get no customers.
I'd have no social media.
I wouldn't be able to tell my version of the truth.
And they'd be printing lies about me endlessly.
And add all that on top of the other mental pressure, I'd be suicidal.
And they wouldn't care.
They'd think it was funny.
99% of men who, if they've gone through what I've gone through, would be a mess.
So I pulled it off.
It's true.
But I speak to all the men out there at home telling you, you have no consent.
Because if it happens to the average man, he's done.
He is done.
Happens to footballers.
They're famous.
And they lose their contracts.
They lose everything.
It's crazy.
There's no such thing as sexual consent in the West for a man anymore.
I didn't even realize that until you asked me that question.
I thought it was blurred because of morality.
But after analyzing it, it turns out it doesn't exist at all.
Which is even worse.
There's no such thing as sexual consent.
As a man, how are you supposed to live your life?
I guess you just don't talk to women at all.
I guess you just don't reproduce, right?
If you have no kids, you have nothing to live for.
You just sit there and play video games.
Be a good slave.
Pay your taxes.
That's it.
I guess that's what they want.
And then they wonder why the birth rate's declining.
And they wonder why they have to import all these third worlders.
It's because no one has kids anymore.
Well, how can you have kids if you can't have a wife?
How can you have kids if you can't have sex?
Everyone in this room and everyone watching this podcast exists
because a man went up to a woman, said hello, and they had sex.
That's what happened.
Now if you even go up to a woman, you're a sexual predator.
If you go up and say, excuse me, I think you're beautiful.
That's somehow.
That's why we're all here.
The level of matrix attack.
Do people understand what's going on here?
Society is so fundamentally broken.
You can't even exist as a man anymore.
Your only hope, the only answer, is to be such a charming, fantastic individual
that women do not want to betray you and attack you.
Which I guess is an answer.
I mean, it's worked for me.
But you're relying on the sensibilities of other people.
It's kind of a scary scenario to know that the woman you take care of and love
might turn on you any moment.
And she can.
And she has all the benefit of the doubt.
I don't know if this is true or not.
I'm just going to say it.
In fact, it must be true.
If a woman goes into a police station and makes an accusation against a man with no evidence.
No evidence.
Six years ago, I had sex with a man.
Who?
Him.
I have no text messages from him.
I have no video of it happening.
I have no video of me going to his house.
I don't remember where he lives.
I don't remember the car I was in.
I don't remember anything.
I was drunk.
But I had sex with this man.
And I regret it.
He raped me.
Zero evidence of any kind.
That man would be questioned and arrested.
I'd argue.
If I go into a police station and say, I was robbed.
I don't remember where.
I don't know what they took.
I don't know when it happened.
But I was robbed.
They go, what do you want me to do with this?
What do you mean?
Robbed by who?
What?
Well, no evidence.
Just random accusations.
It's scary.
Then, let's go deeper down the rabbit hole.
Do women hate men now?
If you're going to push this feminist narrative.
And you're going to tell women they have to compete with men.
And a woman's going to buy into that.
And she's going to see herself in competition with men.
Inside the workforce or inside society.
In masculine realms.
Is she going to feel hateful or resentful towards men?
To a degree?
I'd argue she would.
Because a woman in a feminine realm will destroy a man.
As she should.
She has all the advantages.
And I'll sit here and say that women in feminine realms outperform men 100% of the time.
By extension, in masculine realms, men will outperform women 100% of the time.
So, if you're going to try and turn women into men, what you're going to have is you're
going to have short, broke, emotional men.
Who are going to lose to big, strong, tall, stoic men.
And then they're going to be resentful of the men who do better than them.
And then you're going to give that resentful person power to destroy any man's life at
a whim without evidence.
I'm just talking out loud.
I don't know.
Is that scary?
It is kind of scary.
And then you come along and say, okay, well, we've tried to turn these women into men.
And they're not doing that well.
So, we're going to do diversity hires and hire the women over the men, even though the
men outperform them.
And if you look at her wrong, she can destroy your life at random.
And you have to pay all your taxes.
Go build the roads.
And you're not allowed to have an opinion.
And if they're fat, you have to find them attractive.
Otherwise, you're a misogynist.
And your kids are gay.
Don't say anything about it.
We go to jail.
Freedom!
Democracy!
Don't you love we live in a free society?
Isn't it great?
Freedom.
It's money but money matrix.
Money matrix.
Free society.
We live in a free society.
It's so free here.
I feel free.
Do you?
Let's go deeper down the rabbit hole.
Talk about money matrix.
It just reminded me of something.
How do most tech companies make money today?
They give away a free product.
And they use your personal information.
You are the product.
You are the product.
That's right.
So you use Facebook or use Instagram.
You use a free product.
And they get personal information about you and your habits.
And they take that information and they monetize it.
So the logical extension of that fact would be that the more information they obtain about you,
the better they will be at monetizing that information.
So that means that large companies are trying their very best to know everything about you.
The harder they survey you, the better their surveillance, the more profitable they will be.
And companies' primary objective is to be as profitable as possible.
Meaning that tech companies and large companies, by extension, which are basically government,
because government have the fingers in all of them, want to spy on you as much as possible.
The reason they want to do that is to build a pattern of your behavior.
And they use that pattern of your behavior to predict how you're going to spend money.
Or predict how they can make you spend money.
If we show him this type of advert at this time, for this length of time,
he's more likely to spend than if we don't.
Because of all the other millions of people who fit his profile,
this was the most reactive type of advertisement.
If you accept all of that to be true, then you must accept the next logical extension to that.
Which means, if they have all this information on your patterns and how they can make money from you,
they must be trying to change your patterns.
Huge news, years in the making.
My brand new book that my publishers refuse to publish.
Money Matrix.
Beat the money system and build generational wealth.
Understand the three main ways that the banks productize you and make money from you.
You'll be able to turn that system against itself,
build generational wealth and multiple streams of recurring income.
It's all at moneymatrix.cash.
And if you're quick, the first few hundred registrants and buyers will receive many special bonuses from me.
The brand new Money Maker Summit three-day special event.
Meet me at a champagne reception.
Meet me at a multi-millionaire networking dinner.
Go now.
Moneymatrix.cash.
This is huge.
They must have pattern A type of person who is worth $11.59.
And pattern B type of person who is worth $9.22.
How do we make the pattern B people act like the pattern A people?
What do they do different?
How can we change the algorithm or the app to make the pattern Bs be more like the pattern A's so we can make more money?
If the goal of a business is forever profit, they want a forever survey.
And they want an ideal customer.
And if they understand your patterns of behavior, they must be trying to influence your patterns of behavior.
The next logical extension to that is we're living in a world where not only are we being spied on with absolutely everything,
every single thing we use is trying to change us and change how we think and change how we act.
Could we argue that's how you make your hundreds of millions?
Change your people against the matrix to the free speech?
One hundred percent.
So you have me, who is particularly eloquent and concise.
Concise is one that you are not.
Compenduous.
I'm good at talking.
But now we have machines doing it.
So we're talking about the future and AI.
People say, what do you think about AI?
I think AI is going to change how we all think and act.
I'm not worried about what the machines are going to do.
I'm worried about what you're going to do.
You as a person.
I'm worried about what the people are going to do when the AI becomes good enough to truly turn the pattern B's into the pattern A's.
How do we make all the people who understand the truth believe Andrew's a human trafficker?
How do we make people believe the news again?
What disaster do we need to come up with?
What words do we need to type?
In which order?
In which order do we have to show them the different articles for it to be a logical continuation in their brain for them to come to the conclusion we want them to come to?
I'm not worried about what AI is going to do on its own.
I'm worried about what it's going to do to all of us.
Because that's how they're making money now is by surveying us and controlling us.
And yeah, I'm one man with a mouth and I'm pretty good.
But to compete against machines into the future, I'm only going to lose.
So when you talk about money matrix, it just reminded me about how surveillance capitalism, I guess that's the only capitalism we have now is surveillance capitalism.
I guess I would like to, and I'm doing this on the fly, so I don't know, but what is communism?
Communism is spying on absolutely everything somebody does to make sure they adhere to the correct creeds so they can make a living.
Surveillance capitalism is spying on absolutely everything somebody does so you can make as much money as possible from them.
But if they don't do the right things, you'll delete their ability to exist as a human.
And I'm sure somebody with a little bit more time than I could draw up the comparisons between surveillance capitalism and communism.
Are we kind of reaching the same place?
You're spied on absolutely.
We don't even have capitalism anymore in the true definition of the word.
Where do we?
Where do we have free fair markets and free competitive forces?
That's right.
And if a government's primary objective every single day is to get more and more control, which is all it is, it all ends in communism anyway.
Is surveillance capitalism just another path towards the same thing?
Every day, the government passes new laws.
Every week, every month, whatever.
Have you ever seen the government take a law away?
So over time, they just get more and more and more and more control.
They don't take laws away.
They just add new ones on top.
Where does that end?
If you have 100 marbles and I take one away every day, it ends at zero.
It doesn't matter if it takes a while, but that's where we end up, right?
So the governments are all going to try and end up with us in some form of slavery.
You can call it communism.
You can call it something else.
But this money matrix, you're talking about surveillance capitalism, I don't think that's far off communism anyway.
I don't think anybody, you're right, we have no free and fair markets.
We have no freedom of speech.
We just talked about the freedom of society and how garbage that is.
Democracy is a scam.
That's a lie because they influence and control the media if the voting machines work.
So what do we have besides God?
Only God can save us now, my friend.
Better start praying.
Because we ain't got anything else.
There's nothing else to believe in.
What else are you going to believe in?
It's scary.
Also interesting you say about the money matrix.
The average person stands so little chance of being financially free.
It's ridiculous how screwed most people are.
They don't even know how screwed they are.
You know, let me tell you something that's really hilarious.
This mainly made me laugh out loud.
I don't have Facebook because I'm banned.
But I saw a Facebook post.
My mom shared it with me.
Someone, someone.
And it was a 17-year-old who was happy that they got accepted into college.
That's the biggest joke I've ever heard of.
So wait.
You are happy you've been accepted to give them money.
Imagine I said I was accepted to buy a Big Mac.
I'm trying to give them money.
You accept me?
Oh, thanks.
So you can go to school and learn nothing.
Learn nothing.
You know what I love to do with people who go to uni?
I love it.
Because I don't have a degree, right?
And I'm obviously monumentally more successful than all these nerds.
And every once in a while I meet somebody whose whole identity is invested in their learning.
And they talk to me about how important it is.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
If you want to be a doctor or a...
I don't want to have to point out the obvious here.
If you want to be a doctor, you go to school.
I get it.
Okay, cool.
But whenever someone's in uni, I'm like, why do you go to uni?
They go, oh, because I want to learn things.
I say, did you go to uni today?
Yeah.
What did you learn today?
What do you mean?
No, today.
Today.
What did you learn today?
They can never answer the question.
It's great.
Ask them.
Start asking people, what did you learn today?
And watch them just fumble.
And then they realize, well, if I didn't learn anything on one day, I probably didn't learn anything on the week.
I probably didn't learn anything the whole time.
The whole thing's been a waste of time.
Then you get in massive monumental debt.
That's the money matrix.
You come out of school, you're in debt.
It's over.
It's over for you.
You're never going to make it.
You've lost the game on level one.
You lost.
It's kind of interesting that I had a thought experiment with somebody.
And I said, you can only get loans for school, because if you could get loans for anything you wanted, nobody would choose school.
Because they can't exist in a free and fair market.
They have to keep a monopoly over the ability to enslave children with debt.
Otherwise, no one will choose them, because there's no value in it.
And everyone knows there's no value in it.
But how matrix-minded do you have to be to actually still be happy about the idea that you got accepted to a college?
I nearly laughed.
These people have no idea how all this stuff works.
They don't have a clue.
Rich get richer.
I'm sure you understand.
Poor get poorer.
Inflation, inflation, inflation.
That sounds like higher house prices to me.
Good thing I own a bunch.
Sounds like higher share prices.
Good thing I own a bunch of that.
Oh, you can't buy groceries.
I'm sure that's very hard.
We don't have to worry about those things.
We own all the assets.
The rich get richer and the poor get poorer, and there's no way to stop it.
And I also feel like, because I think societies, we need God.
And we talked about how messed up society is.
I also feel like we're living in the last years where there's a hole in the matrix, where there's any degree of social mobility.
I think we're going to end up back at feudalism.
There's going to be kings.
See you at the top, my friend.
How many Ferraris?
No.
There's Diamond Watch arguing about our Diamond Watches.
There'll be us, and there'll be everyone else.
Right now, there's still a degree of social mobility, where if you're intelligent, and you're perspicacious, and you're indefatigable, and you work hard, and you manage to find a gap, and you really dedicate yourself, and you try your best, you can make enough money to get out.
Now, in 20 years, the rich are going to be rich, and the poor are going to be poor, and it's done.
It is done.
Because the average price of a house is going to just continue to skyrocket.
The wages are not going to follow it.
You're never going to own any assets.
The assets are going to be owned by all the rich people.
You're going to be paying us rent.
It's over.
And there's another thing I find interesting, because people come to me often.
The question I get asked most is, Andrew, I lack motivation.
You have 10 years left to save your bloodline from eternal slavery, and you lack motivation?
You are born to lose, sir.
You are a loser.
All of your ancestors who fought saber-toothed tigers should have just laid down and died,
because they fought their best for you to be born so you can jack off the pornhub during the last few years
where you stand a chance to save your last name from eternal serfdom.
You are a dickhead, and you deserve to be poor.
The last thing you should lack in the mess of the world today is motivation,
because you are running out of time.
And I'm telling you, as a rich man who made it out, I can see the gap is closing.
I can see it.
So you should certainly see it.
I'm above in the clouds, looking down on the hole closing in.
You're down below, looking up, watching it close, and you lack motivation to build a ladder.
Oh, well, maybe tomorrow.
Doop-de-doop.
Maybe government will save me.
Maybe if I vote for the liberals, they'll give me money.
Mm-hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm.
Slave minds.
Clowns.
Fools.
The last thing you should lack in the world today is motivation,
because truly people are running out of time.
And I find that extremely interesting, that not only when you go to college do you end up in a bunch of debt,
not only do you end up owing a bunch of money, even worse, you waste time.
You waste a year for a dream.
And the Matrix is very good at this.
It dangles a carrot all the time.
Get good GCSEs.
Get good in college.
Get a good degree.
Then you'll be rich.
Pay off your mortgage, you'll be rich.
Just pay off your student loan.
Don't worry.
Just keep working.
The carrot's coming.
You'll get it one day.
When I was 16, when I saw the Ferrari, I knew this was a lie.
I was like, there's no way that meant...
Next time you see a rich guy, go up to him and say, how'd you get rich?
I've never heard anyone say university.
Ever!
I've never heard anyone say it's a lie.
It's a scam.
When I was 16, I saw the guy in the Ferrari.
I was like, I'm going to college and he isn't.
And he ain't going to work.
He knows something I don't know.
I knew at 16, everything they tell me was a lie.
But there's still people who think they have five years to waste in college.
Five years.
I'm 37.
Let's conservatively estimate I make for myself a quarter million dollars a day.
Let's see.
Five years ago, I was probably making 20 grand a day.
That's the difference five years can make.
Five years.
And they're going to sit there and do what?
Read a book from 22 years ago?
Go party?
Oh, fraternity.
Bro, what's really scary is this.
I'm 37.
I grew up on a council estate.
I was broke for most of my life.
I made all my money myself.
And even I have disdain for the part.
Because I look at them and go, you didn't try at all.
I did it.
With all of the pain I went through and all the problems I had,
while also fighting and becoming a kickboxing world champion,
I still managed to do it.
You started at a higher bracket than me.
You started from a middle income at home.
Your dad was home.
You had food.
I didn't have food.
And I was a world champion.
How did you fail so massively?
And I look at them and just think of them as, you're an idiot.
And if I feel that, imagine how the elites look at us.
Imagine you're born into a lineage, a bloodline that had been in charge of the banks forever.
Imagine how you view poor people.
You think you give a shit whether they live or die?
I'm talking about someone who's only been rich for 10 years.
And when someone comes and complains to me about being broke, I'm like, oh, you're a dummy.
You didn't even try.
So imagine you were born filthy rich and your family's always been rich.
And you're told about how your family's always controlled everything because you're smarter than everybody else.
Imagine how much disdain the elites truly have to the common man.
And I'm talking as a common man who made a little bit of money.
Then you start to understand how this world's really working.
Because they don't give a shit about the common man.
If you say to the elites, if you pour third worlders into this nation, you will make 3% more per year.
However, the common man will have to deal with crime, rape, murder, drugs, human trafficking.
He'll sit there and go, I don't care about the common man.
3%?
Okay.
Doesn't care.
Why would he care?
Then you have a community where the only people who can protect it left are the men.
The men who care about their daughters, care about their wives.
But those men have to be masculine men, brave men.
Well, they're under assault.
We've discussed that for the last two hours.
So now they're afraid.
All the buildings look the same anyway.
Why don't we just move?
Let's just move.
Let's just scurry away.
Then you start to lose the major cities of your nation.
This hypothetical nation.
The major cities start to fall.
Everyone starts saying stupid things like,
It's a nice country if you stay away from the cities.
You know what's a nice country if you stay away from all the cities?
Afghanistan.
I can go hide in the forest in Afghanistan.
With a little tent.
And just sit there by myself.
I'd probably be fine.
I probably wouldn't get drones striped.
I'm on Kabul.
And they don't seem to understand this.
And then they hide and they run away.
And eventually they're crushed.
And it's over.
And the whole nation falls.
And the great thing about globalists being globalists is that they have the whole globe.
And then all the globalists get on a private jet with their families.
Fly to another place that they haven't destroyed.
And they find a way to continue to profit off the burning trash heap that they just abandoned.
They don't care.
3% more profit.
Doesn't matter.
Common man.
Doesn't matter.
And I'm telling you that they think like this.
Because I catch myself and I have to correct myself thinking like this.
I have.
There's a guy.
I get this all the time.
People come up to me and say, can you make a video for my cousin?
He loves you.
Da, da, da.
And I always refuse.
I don't make videos.
I might make a picture, but I don't make videos.
Anyway.
This particular guy showed me a picture of the person.
He said, can you make a picture of my cousin?
And I looked at his cousin.
He wasn't about 22.
And he was standing in a crowd at a festival.
Holding a pint and a plastic glass.
And my instant thought was, this guy's a dickhead.
This guy's an idiot.
He's 22.
I guarantee he's not a billionaire.
I bet I ought to sit down with him and say, how much money have you got?
None.
Why are you there?
The gap is closing.
The elites hate you.
You no longer have sexual consent.
You're a permanent criminal in the eyes of the law.
They're here to decimate you and your entire bloodline.
You're 22 at the height of your capabilities.
The height of your energy.
You heal like Wolverine.
It is Friday.
Are you making money?
What are you doing?
Oh, there's this band.
I really want to see this band.
I guess you just deserve to lose, friend.
I guess you're just an idiot.
And I don't feel sorry for you.
I guess you're just a dummy.
And that's how I feel.
So imagine how the elites feel.
We're scum to these people.
We are.
I'm not a rich man.
I'm just a poor man with loads of money.
I'm from a looting council.
I wear diamond watches, bro.
You understand?
I'm just a poor man with billions of dollars.
But it's scary when you start to understand how all these things really work.
And I don't think the average man at home understands this.
And if you start to understand it all, the last thing you will lack is motivation.
How can you lack motivation?
How can an antelope in the jaws of a tiger say, I lack motivation?
I'm tired.
I'm horny.
I want to jerk off.
Bro, they're ripping out your throat in real time.
You're bleeding out.
Fight.
Fight back.
And then the tigers like me are like, bro, you're going to get eaten.
I'm going to eat you.
That's what we're going to do.
I don't know what else I'm supposed to do.
It's kind of like, you probably have this problem as well.
I don't know if you have this problem.
Do you ever wake up and think, I don't need any more money, but there's fuck all else to do?
Yeah, every day.
Yeah.
So you just end up making millions.
What's better than making something out of nothing?
Financial alchemy.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
So I wake up and go, let me do the math.
If I never worked again, I could spend $422,000 a day for the rest of my life.
I have all the cards.
Do I need more money?
No.
You know, let me go have a coffee.
Let me try and chill out today.
And within 22 minutes, I'm back on my laptop working.
There's nothing else to do.
There's nothing else to do.
And I can't stop myself working as a person who doesn't need money.
And then there's people with no money who don't work.
It blows my mind, which is why the winners are winners and the losers are losers.
Losers do a little bit of work and rest.
Winners work as hard as possible and worry they're not working hard enough.
It's just a separation of personality types.
And it's almost like you can't save these people.
I have something I sent in my email recently.
I said, you could give the average man a brand new Ferrari and a roadmap and a coffee and a full tank of gas and tell him the destination, success.
And halfway along the drive, he'll quit because it's too far.
No matter how well you set it up for people, they'll quit.
I have this to say with my online educational platform, my school.
It's $49 a month.
It's less than a Starbucks.
And I will teach you how to make money online.
You can escape the matrix, you can get out to the hole before it closes, you can be geographically free, you can live in Thailand, you can make money from your computer.
It costs $49.
You have absolutely nothing to lose.
I made it cheap enough for everybody to be able to join.
And people will sit there and go, hmm, hmm, and then put on Netflix.
What more?
I've given you a Ferrari, a full tank of gas.
I've given you the latte.
I've given you a roadmap.
I've given you a hot girl to sit next to you and play songs and do selfies.
I've given you everything.
Just drive the car.
No, yeah, it's far.
Hmm.
I don't have motivation.
Doop-de-doo.
You're a loser.
You are a loser.
If you do not win, you lose.
What do you call someone who loses?
A loser.
That is an underused word.
Loser.
My brother and I use it all the time.
This person thinks this.
He's a loser.
What do you mean he's a loser?
Look at him.
He's a loser.
He lost.
Name a competition.
I'd beat him at anything.
Uno.
Marbles.
A fight to the death.
You name it.
I'll decimate this loser.
Oh, he thinks I'm a human trafficker.
Oh, hey, what's the loser?
Give a shit.
He's a loser.
All these losers out here.
Another thing.
And then they say, this is another thing that's amazing to me about motivation.
I don't feel motivated.
Newsflash.
Neither do I sometimes.
You're not going to always feel like doing it.
You have to do it anyway because it's your duty to do it because you don't want to be a fucking loser.
That's the whole point.
If you felt like doing it all the time, then there would be no magic to it.
The magic is that you do it regardless of how you feel.
Point of it all.
What do you mean you need motivation?
You don't need motivation.
You have a duty to not be a loser anymore because the hole in the sky is closing.
$49 will give you a ladder.
Well, you know, we'll play video games.
Born to lose.
Born to lose.
And then they'll end up voting for some ridiculous party which promises them there won't be a loser anymore.
And that party will hate people like me.
And they'll try and put me in jail.
That's the world we currently live in.
The losers party.
Losers love company.
They do.
They vote for it.
Losers love company.
There are certain political parties and movements out there that convince you that being a loser is okay.
And then you feel better.
And you also get to blame others for your loserdom.
And you feel great.
You don't have to take any personal responsibility.
I'm not a loser because of me.
I'm a loser because they did it.
Or this happened.
So they're attractive to losers.
And then we end up in a situation we're currently in.
Who's better with women?
Andrew Tate or Tristan Tate?
Tristan, 100%.
Tristan.
Why?
I've retired, bro.
I've retired.
Tristan's the Mr. Ladies' Man.
Tristan and I are the perfect team because we're opposites.
People think we're the same, but we're not.
We're actually very difficult.
Sorry, very different.
Tristan enjoys life.
Tristan enjoys life.
Do I enjoy life?
Well, you say life is war.
It is war.
I don't think I consciously very often enjoy anything.
The things I enjoy are not fun things.
Are you enjoying this?
This is work.
It's fun.
I mean, I like to talk.
Yeah, it's fun.
It's fun.
But like, what would give me more satisfaction?
Going to a very expensive restaurant with 10 beautiful women and popping loads of bottles
of champagne and eating really great food and driving home in a fast car or clearing
all my work notifications.
I think the notifications might give me a higher dopamine hit.
I'll be perfectly honest.
That's true.
Tristan would love that.
Tristan would enjoy the whole thing.
I'd be there.
And I'm...
He'd love the 10 women you made and you'd love the work.
The work, yeah.
I think you have to be smart enough to realize most things in the world are garbage, but stupid
enough to enjoy the garbage.
So I can put myself in a frame of mind where I'll sit at that table and I won't enjoy it,
but I'll sit and say, like me stealing everyone's dreams with the cars.
I'll be like, this is every man's aspiration.
Everyone else at this club wishes they were at this table with the most beautiful women,
with the nicest cars outside, and the biggest steak and bowls of champagne, whatever.
I'll sit there and I'm cognitive enough to look and say, yes, this is fun.
But really, it's just because no one else can do it.
Am I actually enjoying it?
No, I'd rather just go home and work.
I don't really care.
But it has to be done just to make other people sad.
My brother and I used to talk about this.
It was actually, we used to say this a few years ago.
Back when I used to drink, I don't drink anymore.
But he'd say, are we going to the club tonight?
I was like, I don't want to go.
He goes, but Andrew, if we don't go, other men get girls at their tables.
Because if we go, we get every single female in the club at our table.
I was like, yeah, I don't want to go.
And I don't want females near me, really.
But do I want to give them to everyone else?
No.
All right.
Maybe I'm just petty.
Maybe I'm spiteful.
But we'd go just so no one else could have any fun.
But Tristan enjoys life.
So, and that's what I love about him.
Because if I want to enjoy life, I can tap into his energy.
And he can tap into my energy when things need doing.
Like going to prison.
Like going to jail.
That's right.
That's why we're a very good team.
But, yeah, I'm cerebral enough to pretend to enjoy things.
But if I'm actually honest, there's very little I actually enjoy.
I enjoy fighting.
I enjoy working.
I enjoy driving fast cars competitively, like racing and stuff.
But besides that, I don't care.
Is one of the best things about having the watches, the cars, and the fantasy life
is understanding the reality that that is not the fantasy life?
I think the best thing about it, being honest, is that I don't know what's going to happen.
I'll be honest.
I'll tell you what I enjoy.
I enjoy having things other people can't have.
I enjoy using finance to assert my dominance.
I enjoy peacocking with my feathers.
Ha, ha, ha.
I enjoy...
Is that one of the more honest Andrew Maloney's?
I'll be very honest.
It's the lamentation of losers is beautiful to me.
I love it.
I love people complaining about the energy bill.
And I'm filling up my SF90 going, yeah.
Oh, 200 pounds.
Wow.
Makes me happy.
It's asserting dominance.
I'm better than you.
Look, I have metrics.
Measurable metrics.
Numbers.
Nice and simple.
You understand numbers.
It's two more than one.
Okay, cool.
Right.
Billion.
You tried your best.
I love that.
I think every man does.
I think that male happiness comes through the feeling of superiority.
I think men are happy when they feel better.
I think we're naturally competitive.
That's why we've always done what we've done.
Why did Genghis Khan need Vienna?
Bro, that's Austria.
Look at Matt.
Why did he need Vienna?
It took him probably three months to even hear they were at Vienna.
By the time he got the message, they probably already conquered it.
Why did he need it?
Because he wanted it.
Why do I need the stuff I have?
Because other people can't have it.
It's mine.
And I think that that's where masculine happiness comes from.
Because I think men are happy when they feel respected.
And you're going to respect yourself if you look around and you have things other people don't have.
It's very easy.
I don't want to be called arrogant.
Wait.
Sorry.
I don't give a shit if I'm called arrogant.
Because sure, there's people who say, he thinks he's so great.
And I can sit and say, yeah, you're right.
I think I'm so great.
And I know that angers you.
But let's actually measure.
And I'll prove to you that I am great.
I'm not trying to insult anyone.
I'm not trying to be unlikable.
I'm saying, I am great.
Get the average man, the average statistics, put my statistics next to them, put it in chat GBT and say, which one's greater?
What do you want?
I enjoy that feeling.
Why do I walk into the showroom and buy the two available cars that I don't want?
Because it's one man's dream and now another man can't buy them.
Now they're mine.
That's just it.
And I think that if every man's honest with himself, that's what every man wants.
If you get away with all the Matrix garbage and all the Matrix has told you all this crap, like be humble and all this other garbage, throw it away.
Why do you play sports?
To win.
To win.
Why do you want to put a ball in a net more times than the other people?
To show that you're better than them at putting a ball in a net.
How insignificant an action.
A ball in a net.
Who cares?
A much more significant action would be making a bunch of money.
Or being physically stronger.
Or a better fighter.
Or being smarter.
A quicker talker.
Or being more well known.
More respected.
More influential.
That's far more important than putting a ball in a net.
And you'll spend your time putting a ball in a net to prove you're better than other people.
So don't sit and say that I'm a bad person for proving I'm better than everyone else by all the things I'm doing.
That's masculine competition.
By extension, the men who do not think like me, the losers.
Because you lose.
If there's a game being played and some men realize it's a battle and some men don't realize there's a battle going on, how can they possibly win?
So some of you men are waking up every day not realizing you're in a forever permanent competition with every single man around you.
For everything.
All of the time.
And that doesn't ever cross your mind and you wonder why you permanently lose.
Well, it crosses my mind and that's why I'm beating you.
Women want the men who think this way.
Women want the men who understand this.
Who win.
That's who women want.
So, you can call it arrogant.
You can call it egotistical.
I call it winning.
I call it realism.
I call it realistic.
And the best things about having most of the things I have is that other people can't have them.
That's the bottom line of it.
It's the reason why billionaires buy a bigger yacht than the billionaire next to them.
They do not need an extra 20 feet of deck space.
They want the biggest yacht in the harbor.
It's the reason why they buy one of one Picassos.
It's the reason why when Bugatti launch a new car with 80 units, they're all sold same day.
That's why.
Because winners all think the same way.
And anyone who sits and goes, well, you should be more humble.
I hear that sometimes.
And then I look at who said it to me.
And whenever someone tells me their opinion, this is a habit I give everyone at home.
Whenever somebody gives you their opinion on anything, listen to the opinion and then stop and look at who told it to you.
Because you never want to adopt the thinking of somebody who you don't want to be.
Because their thinking made them.
So whatever they believe in their mind is why they are the person they are.
So if somebody sits and says to you, you should be more humble.
I sit and think, okay, my logical, this is how my brain works.
He believes I should be more humble.
That's how his mind operates.
The closer my mind operates to his mind, the more likely I am to be like him.
Who is he?
And I'll look at the person who said that to me and say, no, thank you.
No, sir, I refuse.
Being humble, is that how you got to where you are?
Is that how you got?
No, you keep humble.
I'll keep winning.
You can give.
Because most people who talk about humble, all they really want is not be reminded of how they have failed.
They don't want me to make it clear to them that they have failed.
They have failed.
And I even think, we talk about the normal man and the normal life, and we'll talk about that in a second.
But normalcy now is being sci-oct from all angles.
I feel like in the 1950s, a normal man was a winner.
The normal man went to a normal job and had a normal family in a normal house, in a normal car, in a normal life.
But I feel like the normal person now is two parents working, children being raised by the Matrix in school, being bombarded with propaganda, bills barely paid, depressed, angry, anxious, watching the BBC.
I feel like normalcy has been changed from being a winner to being a loser.
So now being normal is just losing in a way which is so familiar to the people around you are losing that you don't realize you've lost at all.
Because everyone's losing.
So you're like, oh, I'm just normal.
No, no, you've all lost.
You've all lost.
None of you are free.
You've all lost.
And that's even more scary.
You can't even be normal anymore.
To be a winner, you have to be exceptional.
You can be a winner as a normal person only 50, 60 years ago.
Now the normal people can't even win.
Because they're grinding down society that the bracket of normal is going further and further down.
And then you can, by extension, that makes it more scary, right?
Because in the 1950s, I guess you could wake up and say, I just want to be a normal, law-abiding citizen.
I want to be normal and I want to follow the law.
And you'll have a good life and you'll be a winner.
You'll be respected at home.
Your wife will love you.
You'll raise children.
You'll be religious.
You'll worship God.
You'll pay your bills.
Normal, law-abiding.
If you're a normal, law-abiding person nowadays, not only are you broke, you can't talk because it's hate speech.
If you follow the laws now and you're just a normal, law-abiding person, not only are you broke, you're matrix-minded.
Listen to the BBC.
Yeah, I guess we need to go bomb the Houthis.
Bro, who, two weeks, we're now bombing the Houthis in Yemen.
Cool.
Two weeks ago, if you were to go around England and ask people who were the Houthis, 99.9% of people couldn't even tell you who they were.
No one even knew who they were.
Now we're convinced we need to blow them up.
I don't know who these people are.
News don't.
Normal.
Well, I guess if the MPs believe, I guess it's normal I'm in debt.
It's crazy.
It's crazy.
So, and it's normal people telling me to be humble.
So this is why it doesn't enter my mind when they're like, you need to be more humble.
I'm like, okay, well, you're a normal person.
Here's your life.
Here's what you believe.
That's fine.
I don't believe in that.
And then I look at my life.
Now, I want to make a point here that's clear, though.
I don't want men to then become delusional.
Don't think you're great when you're not.
Don't be delusional.
Everything I've talked about here is metrics.
Measurable metrics.
Numbers.
As a man, you need to live in the real world or you're not going to be competitive because
we're competing in the real world.
So you need to be able to do amazing things and then be proud of yourself.
Don't sit and think you're great for no reason.
That is arrogance.
I'd argue that the normal person who thinks they're so unique and great for no reason is
more arrogant than me.
I was the most famous man in the world.
I'm allowed to say that.
Those measure.
Numbers.
It's Google.
So I think the best mental model as a man is to understand that you cannot be normal.
You need to be exceptional.
You need to do exceptional things.
That ties into the exceptionally good and the exceptionally bad, like we talked earlier,
which means you need to be hard on yourself so you can deal with the exceptionally bad.
And if you start to do all these things, they all compound.
Everything I've said across all these hours all tie into each other and you end up in one
result.
You end up in one place, which is brutal competence, brutal masculine competence.
There's nowhere else to be.
And through that brutal masculine competence, you can also protect yourself from all the things
we were talking about earlier from the matrix.
Brutal masculine competence will put you in a position of respect where your girlfriend,
you haven't seen in seven years, your ex is called, and she goes, I respect him too much
to rat on him.
Maybe he loves someone else now, but I just won't rat on him.
I respect him.
Only brutal masculine competence can save you.
Law won't save you.
Law's against you.
Nothing will save you besides your own brutal competence.
Does money make you happy?
Or happier?
I wouldn't be happy if I was broke.
Money, okay, so do not root.
I answered about how having things other people can't have makes me happy.
So it makes me happy for that reason.
Because it's the vehicle to it.
Because it's the vehicle to it.
So that's one answer.
But I'll give another answer.
Money to me now is like hands.
Hear me out.
I use it all the time.
And I'm glad I have it.
I don't consciously think I'm super glad I have hands.
Right?
Maybe occasionally, if I see somebody without hands, I'm like, thank God I have hands.
But most of the time, you just expect it to be there.
You just use your hands.
Right?
You expect it to be there.
You take it for granted.
If I lost my hands, I would be devastated.
I don't appreciate them as much as I should.
I should appreciate them more.
Because I could lose them at any point.
And that's exactly how I view money.
Because if I want something, I just take it.
The world for me is free.
I try to explain this to people and they don't understand.
I'm like, when you're as rich as me, the only way it feels is that everything is free.
If I see something and I want it, I just say, yeah, I'll take that.
It's free.
It's like, imagine there's no more prices on things.
The only reason I don't take something is because I don't want it or I don't want to
deal with putting up with it or putting it somewhere.
Because I already have so much stuff.
Everything is free all the time.
I go into a clothing store.
I go into Louis Vuitton.
Yeah, give me this, this.
This, this.
Give me this.
Bro, I'll go into Louis Vuitton and there's a track suit and I can't be bothered to try
it on.
I'll buy all four sizes and I'll work out later which one fits.
And I'll throw the others away.
I don't want to take my jacket off.
Headache.
So that's how it feels.
Now, if I had to go back to being broke, I would be like, you didn't appreciate being
rich nearly enough.
But I'm in the NBA.
So that can't happen.
But that's how money feels.
Does money make me happy?
Happy.
Okay.
Do my hands make me happy?
Well, no.
I don't wake up and go, I'm happy I have hands.
No.
But if I didn't have hands, I'd probably be a lot less happy.
It's a requirement for happiness that I just expect to be there.
What's interesting is, you talk about how I expect to just have money.
Beautiful women expect men to just have money.
Even more.
There's a beautiful girl I knew some years ago.
Blah, blah, blah.
I was talking to her.
And she was saying, money won't get a girl.
A girl doesn't want a man for money.
Unless she's a prostitute and it's like a purely transactional relationship.
She said, money will qualify you to try.
Every man I talk to has money.
I'm beautiful.
I would never speak to a man who has no money.
In my world, all men just have money.
I don't know how.
Of course you have money.
You're a man.
That's how they view money.
Beautiful girls think men just have money.
Like men just have hands and legs and money.
They don't care how you made it.
They don't care how hard it was to make.
They don't care how much stress you go through to get it.
In her world, every single man she has ever replied to on Instagram ever was rich.
Some men just have money.
And the men who don't have money don't even exist.
Don't exist to her.
We're sitting in a restaurant.
And when we left, I said, how many men were in that restaurant?
She goes, four or five.
It's like, no.
There was 20 waiters you didn't see.
There's the kitchen staff at the back you didn't see.
There's the security guard, the valet out front.
They're invisible to you.
They didn't even cross your mind.
You just see the diamond watches.
That's how they view the world.
So you're talking about does money make me happy?
Well, yeah, I think it's a bare minimum requirement of existence.
I expect to have it like I expect to have my hands.
By extension, beautiful women expect you to just have money.
If I sat with a beautiful girl and said, oh, yeah, I can't afford that.
She'd be like, what?
You're a man.
What do you mean you can't afford it?
Like you're missing a dick or something.
It's just the world we live in.
It's the world we live in.
You're missing a dick like you have more than one.
If it's big enough, it can count for two.
But yeah, so I couldn't be happy broke.
And I know I'm always going to have money.
And I expect to have money all of the time.
But it's like my hands.
I don't know how else to explain it.
It's like my hands.
I couldn't be happy without money.
I don't know how a man is waking up and he's happy without money.
Well, I think I've written books on money, done a lot of exploration.
I actually think the rhetoric that money doesn't make you happy and life isn't all about money is part of the propaganda of what you call the matrix in indoctrinating us to concede and just enough so that we can pay our 50% taxes and pay our interest on all of our loans.
And then when we die, pay 40% of everything that we own.
Because if we know that money makes us really happy, we'll go and find it, which means becoming an entrepreneur and getting out of the system.
And then that is freedom.
Oh, absolutely.
So I think the smartest thing the rich people ever did was convince the broke people that money doesn't make you happy.
I think that's nail on the head.
All the rich people are like, don't worry, guys.
Don't worry.
Money doesn't make you happy, guys.
I'm going to keep mine.
But don't worry.
It doesn't make you happy.
I promise.
I promise.
I'm sad.
I promise.
You're sad?
Yeah, we both are.
Good luck.
Biggest scam alive.
Because money is freedom.
It's freedom to drive what you want, eat where you want, go where you want.
It's freedom to sleep with who you want.
I just described it.
If you want a beautiful woman, you need money.
Money is freedom.
If you don't want to be a slave, which is...
It's freedom to say no.
Money is freedom to say no.
It's freedom to talk the truth online and be put in jail and come out and still have supercars.
There's a lot of men who think what I think.
They can't say it.
They lose their jobs.
So you want to say money doesn't buy happiness.
Well, then you're saying you're happy to be a slave because only money is going to give you freedom.
When they want to try and attack you, they've attacked me.
They take your money away on purpose.
So absolutely.
Money is freedom to have an opinion now.
So it's true.
So you're...
Yeah, exactly.
So money absolutely is happiness because freedom is a bare minimum requisite to happiness.
Unless you're happy being a slave.
And you're right about what rich people did.
They tried to convince all the people at the bottom that money isn't the answer.
You're never going to be more happy poor.
You may as well be rich.
I can't think of many scenarios where being rich was a detriment over being poor.
There's not many.
Even if money can't help you, you may as well have it.
Right?
So I completely agree with you.
I think money is a bare minimum requirement for happiness, especially if you're a masculine
man who wants to out-compete.
Then you need money because money is basically everything.
I think money is...
The most important thing in the world is health because you have nothing if you're dying.
Second thing is family and friends who you love.
And the third is money because it's everything else.
It's literally everything else is money.
And they've convinced people, the poor people, oh yeah, he has money, but you know, I have
friends and family who love me.
So do I.
It's like, because I have money, I don't have friends and family?
Where did...
I get to spend more time with my friends and family than you do because you're working a
slave job.
People are psyopped into thinking that rich people are somehow lacking somewhere else.
And I'm sure some of them are, but not all of them.
There are some people that have everything.
You're just going to have to accept it.
Some people just have it all.
They have friends and family and good relationships and love their kids and a bunch of money.
And if that doesn't anger you to get up and make a bunch of money, well, I don't know
what will.
You know, I always found the one thing that was always amazing to me, and this happened
to me even just the other day.
I'll be driving one of my 59 Supercars.
And I don't want to brag.
I'm driving.
And it's raining.
And it's dark.
And it's cold.
And I see people at a bus stop.
And I'm at the traffic light.
It's freezing.
And it's raining.
And it's nighttime.
And you can't afford an Uber.
If that won't motivate you, I don't know what.
Because the worst thing about the bus isn't the bus.
It's the time you wait for the bus.
Time is money.
You're going to sit down there for 45 minutes in the freezing cold and waste your time to
save a couple dollars on an Uber.
And you don't feel panic to get rich.
And you're just fine with that.
And you're going to come home.
Took the bus today.
Bro.
Born to lose.
If that won't motivate you, especially as my 5.2 liter V10 Lamborghini is humming right
next to you standing there.
And you're standing there with your coat on, your hood up.
Lamborghini's right there.
I don't know when the bus will come.
It's been a while today.
Bro.
Bro.
Born to lose.
So how do you get rich then?
Because whilst I agree with you, some people just don't yet know what to do.
Well, okay.
So first thing I'm going to do is I will teach everyone what to do inside of my school.
And I'm going to have to plug this school because it's very important.
And I'll tell you why.
Plug the f*** out.
I'm going to plug it and I'll tell you why.
The reason I launched my academy is not for me to make money.
I was already rich.
My academy exists for the reason we just discussed.
If you want to be free of mind, you need to have money.
Therefore, if my goal is to attack and defeat the matrix, I need people who have money who
can tell the truth.
If you're a fan of mine and you work a brokey job, you're no use to me because you can't
speak because you'll lose your job and you cannot feed your family.
If you're a fan of mine and you're making millions of dollars, then you can tell the
truth and you can back me up and support me and you can echo and you can amplify my sentiments.
Therefore, I want all of my fans to make as much money as possible.
I'm not a philanthropist.
I'm not doing this because I care about all the people.
But I'm genuinely, from a selfish point of view, trying to make all of my fans as rich
as possible so we can all tell the truth.
That is why my academy is so cheap, so anyone can join it.
And it will teach you how to make money online.
So if you've sat here for hours and listened to everything I've said and agreed with all
of it and still have not joined the academy, then there's something wrong with you in your
mind.
Because you obviously respect my point of view and you obviously know I know what I'm
talking about.
And now I'm telling you I'll teach you how to get rich and you still don't join, then
you're a broken person and I can't help you.
Or maybe they don't know the link.
Good point.
Join the real world.
You can type in the real world on Google and you'll see the link.
Or go to cobratate.com.
Hate you.
It's there.
And you can join.
That's how I teach people to make money online.
But to give a more overall answer outside of the plug for the academy, which I'll once
again reiterate, if you're not inside of it, I don't know what's wrong with you.
I think the easiest way to make money in the world today is to sell information.
I think selling information, if you were to tell me what's the quickest way to get rich,
I think providing information or because we live in an attention economy, finding a way
to solicit attention and then selling information is probably one of the easiest ways to make money
in the world today.
I like to argue that everybody knows something.
So I like to challenge myself.
So give me a normie job.
Give me a normal job.
Name a normie job.
Making coffee.
Making coffee.
Boom.
You're a barista.
You're a barista.
Now, I'm going to tell you how to get rich as a barista because I can think that fast
off the top of my head.
The problem with most people in the world today is not that they do a normal thing.
It's that they do a normal thing and they don't try to be the best at it.
So you can be a barista and you can just make coffees or you can be a barista that makes
the fancy coffees and can turn over.
All the cups and do like the tricks and all the garbage.
We have a man who became a billionaire from salt.
Yes.
From salt.
You can all put salt on.
He did it the best.
Bam.
So the first thing you need to do is get very good at making coffees.
That's the first thing you need to do.
Be able to do it in a fancy way.
Then you need to solicit attention.
Well, you can make coffees in a fancy way and you can hire a videographer.
You can then begin to make fancy coffees in a fancy way and you can make it look good
with a finalized product and you can get a nice video made that's well cut with some
fancy music.
You can begin to put them on Instagram and solicit people to watch your Instagram page.
Now you have attention.
How do you then turn that attention into money after you began to show your fancy coffees?
Well, you could, let's say, put together a course or an academy or write a book on the
magic of coffee or the secrets of coffee and you would put a mystery on it.
Don't say, I'll teach you how to make coffee.
No, say the secrets of coffee and you'd have a link in your Instagram page and it would
be $9 and it would tell people the secrets how to make coffee, for example.
You'd start to sell that for $9.
You'd make a couple hundred or a couple thousand, not too much, but you continue to make fancy
coffees.
People continue to go to your Instagram page and now sell the secrets of how to make coffee.
Then, after people start knowing you as being a barista, you're starting to make these $9.
You have $20,000, $30,000 in the bank.
What you can do is launch your own coffee brand.
You can go to alibaba.com.
You can find some coffee beans.
You can put your face on it because your face is now a recognized brand.
You can get your own coffee beans.
You can begin to sell them on Instagram.
Before you know it, you make a $10,000 or $15,000 a month.
You can start to do tours.
You can start to put posters on your Instagram or in your Instagram stories saying, I'm going to
do masterclasses on how to make coffee.
20 people only, $1,000 each at this premium barista.
It's a speciality coffee shop in London.
The coffee shop will allow you to do it for free because they want people to know, get
the advertising from you and your brand.
You'll charge $1,000 each.
That's $20,000 for a day.
They teach people how to pour milk in a cup.
Boom.
You've got a coffee brand.
You've got an online school.
You're doing seminars.
You were a nobody.
You worked in Starbucks.
You were a loser.
You put in a little bit of effort.
Now you drive a Ferrari.
Done.
By extension, anyone who does not drive a Ferrari is a lazy idiot.
It is that easy to get rich in the world today if you actually try.
Nobody tries.
Instead, he'll go to work every day, make the coffees, go home, off.
Some people are so lazy that they will work every day instead of get rich.
And they think because they're working every day that they're not lazy.
I'll argue you're exceptionally lazy because you're so lazy that instead of trying and thinking
outside of the box, you now have to enslave yourself for eternity.
That's how lazy you are.
Nothing lazier than a man with a 9 to 5 because he ain't trying.
The hole in the ceiling is closed.
This won't work forever, but it will work.
Everything I just told you about that could work for an electrician.
You could do the same thing.
Teach people how to wire a plug.
You'll give a shit.
You'll make some money if you try.
My online school teaches 18 modern wealth creation methods.
Everything I just told you there is not actually inside the school.
We have 18 other modern wealth creation methods.
When you join, there's a quiz and it says, do you have money to invest?
Most people say no.
Do you have time?
You either have money or time.
You have one of the two.
We'll turn your time into money or we'll turn your money into money.
And you can join.
$49 a month will teach you absolutely everything.
We have hundreds of thousands of students, but there's hundreds of thousands of people
who don't join and they're just destined to lose.
So you ask, how can people make money?
Well, let's go deeper down the rabbit hole.
Let's imagine every barista who watches this now tries my idea.
The winner is going to be one, the person who makes the most beautiful coffee, the person
who makes the most beautiful videos, the person who works the longest, who tries the hardest,
who makes the most videos, who makes his $9 secrets of coffee book that he sells on Amazon
the best book, who gives the most value in his masterclass, who gets the best coffee beans
for his coffee brand.
Then it comes down to hard work.
People say, work smart, not hard.
Disagree.
Work smart and hard.
Because lots of people are working smart.
If you have five people working smart and the one who works hardest, he's going to win.
I work smart and hard.
Work hard on the right thing.
Absolutely.
So there's no avoiding the hard work.
This idea that you can work smart and not hard.
I don't buy that.
I believe you're going to have to work hard, but you have to work on the right thing and
work smart first.
If you don't work smart, you're not on the starting line.
Working smart puts you on the starting line.
Then you've got to work hard to win the race.
Because there's a lot of broke people working really hard, isn't there?
Absolutely.
They're not working smart.
You need both.
So then for all the baristas who have watched this, who've decided to take that idea, which
I've given you for free, you're welcome.
The one of you that works hardest is going to be the one that makes money.
And then perhaps if you make a bunch of money, you can join the war room and then you can
come and speak to one of us in person.
And I'll say, how did you get rich?
And say, I watched your interview with Rob Moore and I'd stopped working at Starbucks.
So you're welcome.
You owe me a car.
Ferrari, please.
34.
Are you going to launch your own crypto?
No.
I'm never going to launch a crypto.
I just like to f*** with crypto Twitter.
Because crypto Twitter are full of the biggest degenerate losers on the planet.
They're losers.
Crypto is the only scenario I can think of where you can make a whole bunch of money while
benefiting society zero.
Even if you do something bad in a normal company, let's say you have a company and you get blood
diamonds from Earth, that's bad.
But you do something good.
You know, you manage to make a woman happy with an engagement ring.
You manage to make a security contractor happy by paying him a bunch of money to point the
AKs at the children.
You do something good for someone.
Crypto is unique where somebody can take $100 and make a million dollars and benefit society
zero percent.
They never help anyone at any point.
And they never learn any lessons along the way.
If you make money the way you've made money or I've made money, you learn how to speak,
you learn how to deal with stress, you learn how to manage people, you learn banking, you
learn taxes, you learn things.
If you make a bunch of money on a crypto pump, you have learned nothing.
You've learned nothing and benefited nobody.
It is the lazy person's dream to buy a coin, it blow up, then be rich with no work, no net
benefit to the universe.
And because the world is cyclical, because there is no light without dark, because God
is just, these people always end up going broke because they never learn any skills.
If I lost everything today, I know how to make it all back, better and faster than before
because of the lessons I learned making it the first time.
These people know nothing.
All they know is to gamble.
So they gamble again, lose more.
Borrow money, gamble again, lose more.
Crypto Twitter is full of degenerate losers, and I love to play games with them because they
would love for me to launch a coin because they'd make a bunch of money.
But the problem is, some people would make a bunch of money and a bunch of others would
lose money.
There's no such thing as free money.
For everyone who wins, someone else must lose.
If you buy a coin for a dollar and sell it for $10, someone bought it at $10.
If it then goes down, the person who bought it at $10 loses money.
I do not want any of my fans to ever lose money in my name ever because I don't need money,
so I refuse to sell out my fans for money.
I am not Logan Paul.
I will not do that.
So for that reason, I will never launch a crypto.
Sometimes I say, I don't want to watch a crypto, and I watch crypto's Twitter go into a degenerate
jerk-off and have a mental breakdown about how much money they can scam from others because
they're lazy.
These are lazy, idiot people, and they hide behind their little cartoon display pictures,
and they just want to just scam money.
They don't want to do any real work.
I just like to prod them because, you know, it's funny.
None of them have my life.
None of them have my money.
None of them ever will.
And the great thing about it is, imagine one of these crypto losers became a billionaire.
Say he bought a coin, everything went well, he became a billionaire.
Great.
We have the same amount of money now.
Cool.
I can still rip his throat out, and he's still a dork, and he still can't speak like
I can speak, and he still can't go through the things I've been through, and he still
can't get women the way I can.
He still can't be respected when he walks down the street the way I am.
He's still a nobody.
Money won't save you.
Money amplifies.
If you're a nerd and you get rich, you become a mega nerd.
If you're a G, you become rich.
You become top G.
A car is as simple as proof.
If you see a tech dork pull up in a Lambo and gets out, he's a skinny little dork, you're
like, oh, super nerd.
The Lambo makes him a bigger nerd.
You see me get out at three in the morning, you're scared.
Think I'm a drug dealer or a mob boss.
It amplifies.
Money will not change who you are, it will amplify who you are.
Which means these crypto losers, the worst thing that can happen to them is that they
actually get rich, because then they become mega losers.
You need the struggle to become a man.
Only the pain will give you wisdom.
You only want a crypto pump because you're scared of pain and you're scared of trouble
and struggle.
That's why you want a crypto pump in the first place.
So when I talk about crypto, I'm just poking the artists.
I'm just poking the idiots.
You know me.
I'm just having fun with them all.
And I'll be honest.
I made a bunch of money on crypto.
I made a bunch.
It's not who I am.
It's not my personality.
I find that amazing.
Anyone who's been following me for a very long time has seen some of my OG tweets.
I was in Pancake at like 40 cents and that went up to $50 or something.
I made, I don't know, $60, $70 million of crypto.
But imagine that becoming your personality.
What kind of loser are you to make some money from an internet digital money and then make
it your profile picture and change your display name?
I'm Andrew Tate.
I'm a kickboxing world champion.
I'm Andrew Tate.
That's who I am as a man.
Imagine I became Bitcoin dot ETH.
Putting up a Bitcoin symbol.
I'm a Bitcoin maximalist.
That's you.
That's your personality.
That's everything you are.
I look at these crypto influencers.
Some of them on YouTube during the bull run, they were big.
Like influencer, crypto influencers.
Is it Bitcoin?
There's one guy who yells all the time.
I don't know where he's from.
Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin.
You are never, ever, ever going to have a woman who loves you.
Not truly.
Not deep in her heart.
Not ready to die for you.
Not ready to shoot at the cops while you escape.
You won't.
I will.
Because I'm me.
All you talk about is f***ing the blockchain.
Nobody cares.
You made a bit of money.
Great.
Fine.
Why is it your personality?
Get a f*** in life.
Crypto Twitter is full of losers.
Such losers.
I would argue we could line up 10,000 of them here on the street.
And I would face them all in mortal combat one by one.
And I guarantee, I might be a little bit out of breath.
When the 10,000th man falls in a lifeless pile on the floor,
you will understand why I prod Crypto Twitter.
They're nobodies.
Probably with a cigar in your mouth, I would assume.
Power up first.
F*** them nerds.
And f*** the crypto influencers.
They're the biggest nerds of all.
Biggest nerds.
I wish I knew their names.
There's one guy who was screaming.
I did a video about NFTs as well.
That was hilarious.
There are people who spent $5 million on a JPEG.
On a JPEG.
People were trying to get me to invest in NFTs.
And I said, no, I'm morally against.
Well, you'll make money.
I don't want to make money that way.
I want to make money with hardship and struggle.
I'm going to run my university.
I'm going to have morning meetings with my professors.
I'm going to hold them accountable for teaching the students how to make millions of dollars.
I'm going to have the war room.
We're going to do events.
It's going to be hard.
I'm going to manage everyone.
And we're going to put together this huge network of people who are genuinely benefiting.
I do not want to make money from buying a JPEG for a dollar and selling it for two dollars.
I don't give a shit about that.
I refuse.
People were saying to me, yo, but you don't understand.
It's not just a JPEG, bro.
It's on the blockchain, bro.
And you can see on Etherscan who owns it.
You are never going to be loved by a woman.
Ever, ever.
Never will she look at you with desire.
She'll look at you and go, I guess I kind of have to.
It's been a few months.
She does pay the rent.
That's the best you can hope for with your internet coins.
And this is from someone who's made money with crypto.
I have never sat.
You know what I find amazing about crypto?
When I was making millions and millions of dollars for crypto,
I never sat there and tried to convince anyone else.
Crypto guys can't help this.
I'd sit down at a table.
Let's say Bitcoin had just pumped and I made 20 million dollars.
So what do you think about Bitcoin?
I go, buy it if you want.
That's it.
You ask a crypto guy about Bitcoin.
Now I'm talking to someone with over a thousand Bitcoin.
If someone asks me about Bitcoin now, I have over a thousand.
Someone says, what do you think about Bitcoin?
I say, you can buy it if you want some investment.
That's the end.
Ask someone with 1.4 Bitcoin about Bitcoin.
Whoa!
The money's a scam because of the blockchain.
Nakamoto, Satoshi.
Shut the f**k up.
You're broke.
You're broke.
You're broke.
Nobody cares.
Buy new shoes.
Your shoes are all dirty.
Tie your shoelaces.
These losers have so much to say and no money.
I don't understand.
Why are you trying to convince someone else to buy Bitcoin?
You have no money.
Go get a job.
Get a job.
I think, I don't know.
I'm someone with loads of crypto.
And someone goes, what do you think about crypto?
I say, I don't know.
Do what you want.
Because if I tell them to buy and it goes up, they won't give me any money.
And if it goes down, they'll cry their eyes out.
So why am I even talking to this person?
Nothing to do with me.
You do what you want.
Make your own decisions.
You're a full-grown man.
Whenever I see a brokey, where was I?
I was in, I think it was Miami.
And they had one of these Bitcoin conventions or something, crypto things.
And I was in my blacked-out Escalade with my private security with their guns, of course.
And I knew what was going on.
I was like, just pull up outside.
We're driving around Miami.
We pull up outside.
And I just sat there for like five minutes watching the people going in.
Imagine this.
Imagine you're watching this right now.
And you're a Bitcoin dork.
And you went to an event in Miami about a year and a half ago.
You might have only been a few meters away from Top G.
I might have been watching you.
You were walking in and out.
And I was sitting in that black Escalade looking out the tinted window.
I just looked at all these people.
And I just thought, loser, loser, loser, loser.
Let's go, guys.
Losers.
So that's a no.
Yeah?
That's a no.
Sorry, crypto Twitter.
You know what the funniest thing is?
I'm not done with these nerds.
The funniest thing is this.
The best thing a crypto dork could do if he made money would be invest in himself.
Because he's a nerd with money now, right?
So look at Zuckerberg.
He's doing jujitsu.
He's training.
He's realized that money cannot make up for all his obvious deficiencies.
So he has to invest in himself.
The problem is crypto has made the money so easily.
They're not used to struggle or hardship.
So they're not even going to be able to invest in themselves.
If I was a crypto dork and I made money,
I would message me, Andrew Tate, and say,
I'm a loser, but I'm super rich.
I'll pay you a million dollars a day to teach me how to speak like you
and teach me how to fight and make me train.
Please.
But they haven't even got the self.
They're not even smart enough to look at themselves in the mirror
and realize that's what they should do with the money.
You know what they'll do with the money?
Buy a car.
Buy a Gucci t-shirt.
It says Gucci.
Gucci.
Then they'll buy an NFT so they can brag to their other nerds.
I've got the board, Ape 3.2 board.
Then they'll hire some hookers, sniff some coke.
Then they'll spend it all.
Then they'll try and gamble again.
If they would have invested in themselves,
at least they'd become somebody.
Upgrade your character in the video game of life.
We're living in a simulation.
Upgrade your character.
Become a superhero.
As the levels of life go on,
the bosses get harder and harder to beat.
That's why you have to upgrade your character.
That's the whole point of it.
No.
Nerds.
I will never launch a crypto ever for that reason
because I don't want to have anything to do with these dorks.
Also, another reason.
I'm not done.
I'm not stopping you.
When you have hundreds of millions of dollars,
you're not interested in these super huge pumps.
Super huge pumps are for brokies.
I'm happy to buy Bitcoin and make a 10% return.
If I put in $100 million and make a 10% return, it's fine.
Why would I take a risk?
The only reason these people want to turn $100 into a million
is because they're poor,
which means they have to take the biggest gambles.
I don't need to gamble.
I'm Bitcoin, ETH.
I'm done.
All this junk.
So I will never launch a coin.
I will never sell out my fans.
We have the real world,
which will teach you how to make money for real.
We have the war room,
which will give you the masculine brotherhood
you need to resist oppression.
That is it.
So we've talked about cars, money, watches, and assets.
We've talked about crypto,
and all of this goes around to me thinking
there's one way that trumps all of them
that you've made money.
And it's also how I've made
a few hundred million pounds in sales,
and that is through speaking,
through your voice,
your energy,
your personality
that you articulate
in such a way
that you can
move hearts and minds
and create a movement
and get people to change
and pay you for that change.
I agree with you.
A transfer of energy
from where they were
to where they want to go.
And inspiring them
to see a better future.
And when people can see
a better future in themselves,
they'll pay the person
who can take them there.
Yeah.
That's made you,
maybe that's made you the billionaire.
Yes, you're right, it has.
But I would argue
that it's struggle
that made me a billionaire
because it's struggle
that taught me the lessons.
And then I learned
to articulate the lessons
in a way people can understand.
So that's the vehicle.
Yeah, struggle's always
been the vehicle for man.
Right.
Or is the struggle the engine?
Yes.
You know what's
a perfect example?
If you watch any,
I've noticed this,
it's an observation of mine.
If you watch any superhero movie,
bad things happen to him.
Then he becomes a superhero.
Every time Batman's parents died,
he gets to become a superhero.
So I think that's pretty obvious
in the masculine frame.
Bad things have to happen to you
for you to become a superhero.
But then bad things have to happen,
but that breaks most people
and you have to figure out
how to turn that into good.
Correct.
Absolutely.
And that's also why
you have to be hard on yourself,
but that's also why
you need to see bad things
as a blessing
because they're the building blocks
to make you the man
you want to be.
When people say to me,
this bad thing happened to me,
I say, good.
That's my instant response.
This girl left me.
Good.
I lost all my money.
Good.
What do you mean good?
Good.
This is your chance
to take all of that
negative emotion,
all of those building blocks
and turn yourself into a man
that prevents these bad things
happening to them ever again.
Now, of course,
you have to have the agency
to do that.
You're right.
If you're going to be broken by it,
then you're going to fail.
But bad things
are certainly a blessing.
I believe that's how God teaches.
I would actually argue
that men only learn through pain.
I think we only learn that way.
I don't think men know
how to learn the easy way.
I can speak for myself.
How many times?
Men are pretty simple.
We'll cheat on our girl
and almost lose her
and we'll cheat on our girl
and almost lose her
and we'll cheat on our girl
and almost lose her
and we'll cheat on our girl
and almost lose her
and then we'll cheat on our girl
and she'll leave
and we'll be like,
oh, we had our chances.
We won't take them.
This is how we are.
We'll drive that car
and almost crash a hundred times
and it's only after
we plow it into a tree
that we'll learn a lesson.
Do you know we have
our board meetings
and whenever things are going well,
we never really thrash it out.
We only thrash it out
when things are not going well.
Always.
Always.
Always.
That's how we are.
We learn through pain and suffering,
which is why God gives it to us
because God is here to teach us.
God is like a father
and a father teaches you,
I believe, through pain.
If a dad wants to teach you
how to ride a bike,
he puts you on the bike,
lets you fall off and get hurt,
puts you back on the bike
over and over and over
until you can ride the bike.
God does the same thing.
You don't get the lessons you want,
you get the lessons you need.
Absolutely agree.
So, I believe that bad things
happening to you
are a fantastic thing.
I believe you need to be strong enough
to deal with them
and then articulate them.
I do find it amazing
that a lot of people
can't speak well.
I find that truly amazing.
If you don't have the ability
to project your thoughts
to other people,
I don't know how you're going
to be successful in life.
The reason I refuse
to learn another language
is because I haven't learned English yet.
There's words I don't know
and English is the most profitable
language for me to know.
So, I'm going to learn English.
If I want to spend time
learning a language,
I'll read the English dictionary.
I'm not going to learn
another language
and start stuttering like a dummy.
But there are people
who've been speaking English
their entire life
and they can't even speak it.
It's actually a pet peeve of mine.
You know when you said earlier
about being rich
allows you to say no?
I'm going to be very honest.
I am the worst person to pitch to.
I get people trying to pitch me
for business
and I'm the worst
because if you're a vegan,
no.
If you turn up in a Prius
or a Tesla,
no.
I'm nothing against Tesla.
Don't ban me, Elon.
But if somebody cannot project
their ideas to me succinctly,
I instantly just dislike them
because maybe I have ADHD.
Maybe I'm too busy.
I don't know what it is.
But I don't have time
for your ums and ahs.
I don't have time for it.
So, if I'm sitting in a meeting
and somebody goes,
um, so, uh,
we're going to start with,
um, and this is how people speak.
You're a full-grown man
and you can't finish a sentence
without saying um or ah
in the only language you know.
You've been speaking it
for 14 years.
It bothers me.
It's a pet peeve of mine.
It irks me.
Occasionally, we make mistakes.
Fine.
Whatever.
But if you actually listen
to most people speak,
that's how most people
communicate with the world.
You wonder why you can't
convince a girl
to sleep with you?
Um, uh, um,
your tits are nice.
Um.
Dummy.
You're a dummy.
No wonder you can't
make any money.
You're an idiot.
This is people.
They're um and ah
on their way through life.
It bothers me.
When people come to pitch me,
if they say um or ah
too much in the first sentence,
it's over.
Sorry, sir.
When you learn to talk English,
when you learn to speak,
I might give you
another chance.
Goodbye.
So, you're right.
The ability to project
the thoughts inside
of your mind
in a way
that other people
can digest
and is also entertaining
is massively a superpower.
How do you develop
that superpower?
It's not through practice.
People think it's practice.
Practice doesn't make perfect
because...
Because you can practice
a really bad habit
and get really good
at a really shit thing.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
The person who ums and ahs
at 48
has been practicing
his whole life.
He's practiced just fine.
He's great at that.
He's great.
Feedback
is what's important.
You have to analyze.
I'll give you an example.
When I was playing chess
as a kid,
I would play chess
for two hours a day
training under my father.
One hour would be play.
One hour would be
going back through the games
and analyzing the games.
I always enjoyed playing,
but I hated analyzing.
But it was the analysis
that made me better.
And I can prove that now
because when I was
eight or nine,
I think my rating
was around 1,500.
Now,
I've been playing Blitz.
I play three-minute chess
online.
For 20 years,
ever since I was a child,
and my rating
is 1,700.
I've gotten no better
in 20 years
because I don't watch
my games back.
I don't analyze them.
I don't look where
I made mistakes.
I just play.
That's the problem.
So when people speak,
they just speak.
They don't watch
themselves back.
I'm going to watch
this podcast 10 times.
I'm going to identify
every single time
I stuttered or made a mistake
or didn't use the word
I should have used.
And then people are
going to ask me,
how do I speak
the way I speak?
Why do my podcasts
get the most views?
Because I'm a professional.
If I'm going to do something,
I'm going to do it properly.
That's why.
Most people will do a podcast
and they'll just sit there
and they'll just talk shit
and then they'll finish it
and they'll go on
with their brokey day
and be a brokey.
But it's very interesting
what you said about speech
because that also ties back
to my current predicament.
This is the first time
in my adult life
I can't use my superpower
because my superpower
is talking.
If you were to put me
in front of someone
and give me an hour
to convince them
that I could rip out
their throat
with my little finger,
I guarantee by the end
they'd be afraid.
We both know
I probably couldn't.
But by the end,
part of them
would think,
he's confident.
I can't talk in court
because I don't speak Romanian.
It's very weird for me.
I became acutely aware
of my superpower
because I'm going
through this process
and my lawyer's talking
and I'm like,
why am I so frustrated
with all of this?
And one day it dawned on me,
ah, I don't get to talk.
When I get to talk,
this is how much
of a superpower speaking is.
When I get to talk,
it's fine.
I could have talked
the ocean
out of freezing me to death
on the Titanic.
I could have literally said,
listen, bro.
My unmatched
perspicacity
ran my mouth
and I would have,
you know,
it would have warmed up for me.
I'm that guy.
I can't talk now.
So it's very frustrating.
So it's interesting
you say how it's a superpower.
It certainly is
because I've even realized it
in this current predicament.
I mean,
how important it is
to be able to speak.
When you've lost it,
because you've lost it,
like if you lost your hands.
That's right.
Exactly.
Because I've lost it.
And the fact there are people
going through the world today
who want to be successful
and want to have
all these amazing things
and they only speak English
and they communicate in English
and they try and get
other people to understand
their ideas in English
and they can't speak English,
bored to lose.
On a recent live I did,
I pissed a lot of people off
because I said
that ADHD doesn't exist.
Okay.
Do you think ADHD exists
as a concept
or do you think
it's something sold to us
by Big Pharma?
I don't think it exists.
I agree with you.
And I'm going to say
there may be some
very extreme examples
of somebody who may have ADHD.
But like everything
in the world today now,
it's been so massively
overprescribed
that it's lost all meaning.
Like we talked about rape earlier.
Overaccused loses meaning.
ADHD is overprescribed,
lost all meaning.
Along with basically
every mental illness.
It's overprescribed,
so it means nothing anymore.
I watched a show once
about a kid.
I don't think he had ADHD.
Maybe he did.
Or maybe he had autism.
I don't know what he had.
Something.
And he had to walk down the stairs
in a particular order.
Skip the first step,
hop on the second step,
turn backwards,
walk three steps.
Some weird order for his stairs.
If he didn't,
when he got in the car,
he'd have a temper tantrum
and his parents
had to take him back in
for him to walk the stairs.
And I remember sitting
with a girl there saying,
this is garbage.
That kid needs discipline.
And the woman said to me,
oh, maybe he has ADHD.
Maybe he has autism.
You don't understand everything.
You're not a psychiatrist.
You're not a therapist.
Blah, blah, blah.
And I turned to her and said,
I have never seen
an African child
who has to walk
10 miles for water
doing the walk twice
because they missed a step.
Ever.
If it was a disease,
that's exactly what you'd see.
You'd see African kids
walking backwards
and doing the hop
and doing the walk twice
because they missed a step.
Never seems to happen, does it?
So it's not a disease, is it?
It's idiot parents
with a spoiled kid.
And I would argue
that ADHD is pretty much
the same in most cases.
Oh, he doesn't want to listen.
He has ADHD.
No.
You have no control
of your child.
That's the first thing.
The second thing,
of course he has ADHD.
When he's sitting on a tablet
playing video games all day
and now he has to go to school
and read a boring book,
he's bored
as I would be.
Of course he is.
The only thing
that's going to keep him
doing something
that bores him
is discipline
and you don't discipline
your little kid.
So no,
he hasn't got ADHD.
You're a crap parent.
How about that?
I would have loved,
I would have loved
to tell my father
that I can't play chess
because I have ADHD.
I would have loved
to see the reaction
because there were times
I didn't want to play chess
but I had to play chess
because I understood
that there are some forces
of nature
which you cannot argue against.
When a hurricane comes,
there's not much you can do
and when your father
says to play chess,
besides obey,
unless you want to be destroyed.
So I understood.
I would have loved
to see his reaction.
Dad,
I have ADHD.
Teacher says I have ADHD.
Bro,
I don't know
if I'd be sitting here alive.
But I was raised
in a disciplinarian household
and I would love
for my children
to try that crap with me.
Try it.
I guarantee my kids
will not have ADHD.
I'll say it here on camera.
I won't allow them to.
I won't allow them to.
Now,
like I said,
I'm sure there's extreme examples
but I think most of it
is just over-diagnosed
lack of discipline
like everything else
in the world.
Thyroid,
no.
Over-diagnosed
lack of discipline.
That's all it is.
Depression,
no.
Over-diagnosed
lack of discipline.
Discipline will fix
your thyroid issue
because you'll stop
shoving cake
down your face.
And discipline
will fix your depression
because you'll become
such a monumentally
successful person
you're not depressed anymore.
And it'll fix your ADHD
because you do
what you're supposed to do
not because you want to do it,
not because you're
motivated to do it
but because you have to do it
so you're going to do it.
That's how it works.
That's all it is.
We lack discipline
in the world today.
And there are certain nations
where they don't lack discipline
and for some reason
all of these illnesses
don't exist.
They're an illness.
Why are they not universal
across the human condition?
Why could the kids in China
go to school
and listen in school
but the kids in America
can't if it's a disease?
Genuine question
to all the psychiatrists
who are making a bunch of money
and big pharma
who are making a bunch of money.
Someone answer me.
Why can the Chinese kids
listen to the teacher
and why can't the American kids
listen to the teacher
if it's a disease
that comes in?
I know.
I'll tell you why.
You could get your ass whooped
in one place
and in another you won't.
I remember,
I love my father
with all my heart
but I remember,
his favorite saying
was so brutally simple.
He used to frustrate me
when I was young
but it was true.
I don't negotiate
with children.
Done.
Can I have this candy?
No.
Why?
I don't negotiate with children
and if I asked again
I got my ass kicked.
That was it.
Now I'm a full grown man
and I think,
yeah, I don't negotiate.
Imagine me negotiating
with a kid.
Top genes.
A child here.
If you're good,
if you're good today
and you don't make a mess
I'll give you some candy.
I have to do a business deal
with a six year old.
I have to do a business deal
with a toddler.
Like a dummy.
If you want to sleep
in a house
and you want to eat food
you're going to do as I say
because I raise you.
And people can come along
and call me all these names
and blah blah
and what the hell
he does is bad.
All I'm talking about
is the basic discipline
that everyone had
only 20 years ago.
We built the pyramids.
We went to the moon.
We built New York City
and Mumbai
and Tokyo
and conquered the entire world
with discipline.
We did fine.
The kids became adults
and everything was okay.
Telling a kid
it's not in charge of you
does not damage the kid.
This new world thing
is that the kid's
in charge of the parent.
Well the kid feels
and the kid thinks
the kid is six.
Don't give a shit
what the kid feels
and thinks
the kid is six.
I am 37.
I am smarter.
So no.
And I do not negotiate
with children.
They will obey me blindly.
And you know what?
Some liberal idiot
is going to take this clip
and they're going to put it
on Twitter
and say
Andrew's a beautiful tooth
kid.
Andrew.
And then you'll just get bigger.
I'll get bigger.
Like a dummy.
And I cannot wait
because the world is cyclical
and God is just
for the day to come
when their little
loser offspring
with their huge list
of mental illnesses
is failing in life
30 years from now
and little Andrew Tate
is driving his Bugatti
one of ten
and their little
loser offspring
get to look at
my winner offspring.
And perhaps
if I'm still alive
and that liberal idiot
is still alive
I can inbox them
on Twitter
and say
and I'm petting you
not to do that
so I will.
How many kids
do you have?
But if
the amount you say
is not putting
any of them
in any risk
is it?
Depends.
What if they want
to annihilate
my entire bloodline?
But the more kids
you have
the harder
that is for them.
Correct.
And if they don't
know how many
there are
it's even harder.
Is it more than five?
It's more than five.
Is it more than ten?
I can't give you
any more information
than that.
Well I respect that
but I've still
got to do my job.
It's fine.
But yeah you know
because perhaps
after they assassinate me
they might go for
the future saviors
of earth.
It's like John Connor.
Is that why
you're having
so many kids?
Because the bloodline?
The Tate surname?
This is an interesting
conversation.
We might disagree
on this one.
I think it's the
masculine imperative
to have as many kids
as possible.
And I think the only
reason men don't
have a bunch of kids
with a bunch of women
is because they're afraid
of their woman
getting mad at them
and yelling at them.
I think that men
if you were to be honest
with yourselves
in the mirror
you would say
I want a bunch of kids
with a bunch of beautiful women
but they don't
because they meet
one woman who they love
which is fine.
And they know
that they have more
than one woman
to have kids from.
They have kids
outside of their marriage
that's going to upset
their wife
which is fine.
I'm not hating on them.
I'm saying that
it's not what they want.
They're allowing
the woman's feelings
to trump
their biological imperative
which again is fine.
But then you have
to sit and think
is my bloodline
and my biological imperative
and my offspring
and my dynasty
less important
than the feelings
of a crying woman
who I pay her bills
anyway?
I don't know.
Is it?
But in a thousand years
your bloodline will be gone
or in a million years
your bloodline will be gone.
Disagree!
In a hundred million years
your bloodline will be gone.
Takes will always exist
into eternity.
Masters of Aikido.
And I will make sure
that is true.
So as a man
you have to weigh up.
You have to sit and say
okay I want as many children
as possible
from Beautiful Women
because I want to
recreate as much as possible
because that's my
masculine imperative.
However
it's going to upset
the woman who I love
so I'm going to allow
her feelings to be
more important
than my dynasty.
I understand why
most men make that decision
but then
you have to sit and say
well perhaps
if you're in a situation
where you're a billionaire
and you can financially
take care of all these
children and all these
families
and perhaps
if you believe
that you're going to
raise the children
to resist the matrix
and they're going to be
future freedom fighters
perhaps you having
as many as possible
is even more important.
Perhaps now
it's actually imperative
that it is more important
than the female's feelings
even if the woman
has a mental breakdown
even if she cries her eyes out
even if she says
why do you have kids
with all those chicks
why is she pregnant again?
I have to save the woman.
So do you
okay so I get that
so the wives
and the girlfriends
do they all know
this is what you're doing?
Well they're watching this.
Love you.
No it's
it's
I'm talking hypothetically.
No you're not.
I am.
You're not.
I'm saying
would I be
a man
in my heart
if I allowed
a woman's feelings
to try
to trump
my biological
incentives
and my ability
to save humanity
into the future
and my dynasty
and my bloodline
because one woman
whose bills
I pay
is going to get
sad about it.
What
is the logical
decision
as a man?
Baby
it's okay
you're my favorite
yeah she has a kid
but you're my favorite
here's a Bentley
you know
the problem is
this is basically
all women's fault
because women
are slow
if men grew babies
it would take two weeks
nine months
to make a single baby
and you're worried
about me having them
with someone else
well if you would
get it done
if you gave me
one a week
we'd be fine
that's 52 a year
that's enough
if you're going to tell me
that across five years
the best I'm going to get
is three little babies
sounds like a skill issue
are you going to fight
Jake Paul?
nah
come on
it would be interesting
it should have happened
three or four years ago
when I first called him out
but I have other fights
going on unfortunately
okay so let's say
you could get out of Romania
and there's a logistical
way you could fight
Jake Paul
would you fight Jake Paul?
or Logan Paul
or Jake and Logan
you and Tristan?
I'd take Jake and Logan
same night
you know what
it's kind of
you must be tempted
but then tempted for what?
I don't need money
I don't need fame
I'm the A side
I'm more famous than them
I'm richer than them
Jake's actually a nice guy
I have nothing against Jake
I don't know Logan
I spoke to Jake
I know this is going to sound crazy
my credentials are based
on my physical capability
and they exist
up to about
three or four years ago
because I did a video
calling out Jake Paul
three or four years ago
up to about
three or four years ago
I still walked around
on the street by myself
and I knew that
I could deal with
99% of problems myself
but then something changed
and I'm not sure
what it was
I don't know
if I'm getting old
I don't know what it was
but now I kind of see
fighting as
below me
and I'm glad I did it
and it's a huge part
of my personality
and I'm glad I can still do it
make no mistakes
I can still do it
but now I think
I mean now I don't go anywhere
without five armed goons
I just feel like
I don't know
just shoot
you know
I can't explain
something's changed mentally
it's like
the mafia mentality's changed
I've gone from the hit man
to the guy who calls the hits
that's how I feel
and
every time people mention this fight
they say
you can make 10 million dollars
and I just think
10
bro
I made that yesterday
I didn't even get out of bed
10 million
to train
it's two of your cars
bros
it's pennies to me
it's not even worth it
but I think you can make
a lot more than that
yeah of course I could
and I'd spark them
but I feel like
it gives them more credibility
than it gives me
yeah but didn't you say earlier
you know
you like to be able to do
what other people can't
so wouldn't there just be
some pleasure in it
yeah but
of course
when you've had 80 something fights
I mean
it's not like I haven't done there
been there done it
listen
it's not completely off the table
but as things currently stand
with my Matrix attack
the fact I'm going to end up
back in jail
the fact that I want
my car collection back
I want my money back
this is another
bigger fight
I've got three or four years
of legal bowels
to worry about
and then by then
I'll be what 42
I think just
the divine timing
wasn't right
if it wasn't for this
Matrix attack
100% it would have happened
I think
I think it would have
happened this year
but the Matrix attack
came and
it is what it is
but I'd talk to you
against Jake
Jake's a really nice guy
Logan I don't know
Logan he's C-spoke
but
he's just jealous
I'm more relevant
than him
so Jordan Peterson
called you
reprehensible
and only
wait stop
wait wait
my heart is broken
please
only losers
love Andrew Tate
oh my heart is broken
no not Jordan
not Jordan Peterson
never clean in my room again
give a shit
who cares
you know what
I don't watch
any
you know what I find
really great
these nerds
both conservatives
and liberal like
they're all nerds
they make videos
try to like
take me down
I think it's so funny
imagine spending
four hours
editing a video
but I don't watch it
I'm busy
I don't know
what they say
and I don't care
and I don't watch it
I have no idea
what they say
I don't
cool
the enemy of my enemy
is my friend
I have nothing
against Jordan
I'm not emotional
about these things
I literally
I genuinely have
nothing against Jordan
I could sit
and argue with Jordan
I could enter the cage
and beat the shit
out of him
or I could shake his hand
and be his best friend
whatever he wants
I don't care
what do you want to do
friend
hi Jordan
you want to fight
to the death
or do you want to
speak on the same stage
on the same side
or do you want to debate
or what do you want
I'm not emotional
about this
there's no big deal
to me
could a
a good thorough
debate between you
two be something
that would be
I think it would be
boring
challenge
I think it would be
boring
because I think
we agree on most things
I think we agree
on everything
and I don't think
there'd be a debate
because we don't
actually disagree
the only disagreement
is that I think
and again
this is as someone
who's watched
very little of his work
but I see clips
etc
he's very intelligent
and speaks from
a philosophical
thought point of view
I think he's very
in his mind
there's a lot of
thinking
and I am very
action based
and there's a lot
of action
I feel like
if there's a problem
his answer will be
to think certain ways
and my answer will be
to do certain things
I always believe
in action over everything
I don't believe
in stopping and thinking
and reading a book
from a psychiatrist
and pondering
why I decided
to fuck that girl
go out
get chicks
boom
get to it
so I feel like
he's far more
thought based
on far more
action based
perhaps we could
argue about
the methods
towards success
for that reason
but all in all
I think we agree
on most things
the only thing
I've ever
genuinely disagreed
with him about
was his tweet
on Israel
and Ben Shapiro
I don't know
how he reaches
the keyboard
he's down here
somewhere
in his booster seat
he's typing
yeah go to war
go to war
yeah go to war
but uh
he's such a nerd
both of them
both of them
were the things
they said about Israel
I thought
were reprehensible
that's the only time
Jordan said anything
I truly disagreed with
do I think
I'm gonna let him off here
do I think he's evil
no
I think he just
emotionally reacted
to a situation
without thinking
and I think he understands
how it looks
and he regrets it
and we all make mistakes
so I don't hold it
against him
but I have nothing
against Jordan Pierce
and I think
if you listen
to Jordan Peterson
you're gonna be
a better person
overall
he probably dislikes me
and I understand
why he dislikes me
he dislikes me
because he thinks
oh Andrew was a pimp
blah blah blah
you know what's funny
we're talking about
this whole pimp thing
I'm from a Luton
council estate
my neighbor's house
got raided for drugs
like four times
right
people around me
were stabbed to death
the cars in the car park
of my school
the teacher's cars
were set on fire
most of the people
I went to school with
are in jail
or sold drugs
or murdered people
I'm from
the lowest echelon
of society
in the UK
before that
I grew up in
Gary Indiana
the murder capital
of America
my mother and father
split up
I moved to England
on my own
single mother household
raised on the council
estate
everyone watches
Top Boy
everyone watches
these shows
where people
from this socioeconomic
background
sell drugs
everyone gets it
it's fine
when you're from
the bottom
you have to
find a way out
the way I found out
the way I found out
I didn't kill grandmas
didn't rob houses
didn't break into cars
didn't sell drugs
didn't do any of the
horrible things
that everyone does
every single day
what did I do
was drive traffic
to webpages
for girls
who were already
doing OnlyFans
and webcams
like a dork
like a nerd
I found a technical
way to drive
traffic to webpages
and escaped
the ghetto
without mugging
anybody
without grabbing
anyone up
and putting a knife
to their throat
nothing
then these
morally pure
white picket
fenced
middle class
conservatives
who grew up
in a household
where there was
always food
on the table
who've never
seen struggle
sit and say
he's a bad
person
if you're from
the streets
you'd understand
I've done nothing
compared to
what I could have
and the fact
that they attack
me for it
shows how
detached
they are
from reality
and that is
why they'll never
have the fan base
I have
because I can
speak to the
people at the
top and the
bottom
if you're going
to sit there
being raised
in a happy
middle class
household
with food
on the table
and two
Christian parents
who love each
other very much
getting read
little bedtime
stories
and then you
want to sit
and tell
people from
the streets
they shouldn't
ever drive
traffic to a
website to
escape the
ghetto
then you
sound like
an idiot
did what
I had to
do to
get out
Jay-Z
sold crack
to get out
now he's
a rapper
who holds
that against
him
it's worse
than driving
traffic to
a website
I would
argue
nobody
they're just
jealous of
my monumental
success
but there's
no light
without dark
the reason
I'm
monumentally
successful
is because
I had to
go through
those times
that's why
they dislike
me
that's why
Jordan
says
Andrew
is
rep
I'm just
going to
tell you
I could
sit here
all day
and I think
you probably
could as well
there's always
someone for me to make fun of
give me a name
give me a name
nah
let's do some
quick fire
sure
okay
what shocks you
about your rise
to infamy
I wouldn't say
anything shocked me
about it
that's a very good
question
am I arrogant
to think it was
always going to
happen
and I deserve
it
not I deserve
it because
I'm so great
but I deserve
it because
I'm brave
enough to
help other
people
I think
God gave
it to me
because I'm
here to
help other
people
I genuinely
believe
God gave
it to
me
so that
I could
run
take
pledge
dot com
and feed
starving
children
help people
escape
the matrix
before the
hole in the
cloud
saves
save people
from depression
by explaining
to them
that nobody
cares
I believe
I have a
purpose
I believe
that's why
it was
given to
me
I think
it's
interesting
now
that
I feel
like fame
has changed
I don't feel
like there's
very many
famous people
anymore
you know
in the 90s
or the 80s
Hulk Hogan
was famous
Hulk Hogan
he was
everywhere
Michael Jackson
Michael Jackson
everywhere
I feel like
maybe I'm
one of the
last true
superstars
I look at
I think
who's as
famous as
me
and I
can't
think of
anyone
but you
can name
a rapper
and I
guarantee
if that
rapper
walked down
the street
in Mumbai
or Bucharest
or Tokyo
he'd get
approached less
than me
maybe in
America
he might be
known
but like
global
world
fame
I can't
go anywhere
I can't
go anywhere
without being
swarmed
anywhere
I was in
Slovenia
when that
video was made
with the
thousands of
people around
the Bugatti
I can't
go anywhere
I don't know
if anyone's
even famous
anymore
but I feel
like I've
only got
it to try
and help
people
I think
that's what
I have to
do
that's why
I have to
tell the
truth
I'm not
shocked by
how I've
been attacked
for it
I guess
the true
answer is
I'm shocked
I'm still
here
I'm shocked
they haven't
got rid of
me yet
I am shocked
by that
if you were
to ask me
before I
was famous
how long
can you
be famous
and really
tell the
truth
I would
have said
because I'm
a professional
I would
have said
how famous
the most
famous man
in the
world
tell the
truth
to who
to everybody
especially
the military
age males
the number
one demographic
they need
to sigh
up to
die an
army
and to
work their
ass off
as the
backbone
of the
slave
force
while having
no rights
I would
have said
a couple
months
there's no
way
they're going
to let
me
they're going
to let
you for
years
just talk
and wake
up people's
minds
once they're
awake
they ain't
going back
and they
would have
said
how do
you get
rid of
him
I probably
would have
said
will you
delete him
from everything
what if he
doesn't get
deleted
will you put
him in jail
what if he
gets out of
jail
and then you
kill him
I'm surprised
I'm still here
surprised we're
filming
it's been
years now
everything's a
lie
it's all
a lie
don't believe
it
everything they
tell you
is a
lie
money
doesn't work
the way
they tell
you
it
works
school
doesn't
work
the way
they tell
you
it
works
the things
they tell
you to do
to get
rich
like get
a mortgage
and just pay
that off
after you pay off
all your student
debts
it's never
going to make
you rich
everything about
geopolitics is a
lie
we don't need to
kill all the
people in Yemen
for no reason
it's all a lie
it's all an attack
on your masculinity
it's all a lie
they haven't killed
me yet
how do you
show love
to who
to a girlfriend
to my brother
to my children
how
to who
to the world
to myself
yeah I have to say
I thought that was
a good question
it was a good question
you're proving that
yours was a better one
I'm just a professional
sir
and I like to have
specifics to work with
yeah
sometimes
or you do an
hour's rant
I can start
I start ranting
if you like
then I'll just go
through them all
one by one
no I didn't think
it in that context
and I'm going to
not girlfriends
not brother
how do you
show love
to
friends and
family
I think you
show love
no no no
how do you
okay
I show love
to friends and
family by being
brutally competent
I think a man
who is not useful
isn't ever going
to be loved
and I think you
have to give love
to receive love
for me to love
someone I want
them to love me
for them to love
me I have to be
useful as a man
I think men
that are not useful
are not loved
by anybody
whether it's
their girlfriend
or society
or other men
if I had a brother
and I said to him
I need help
with this
and he said
don't know
can't
tired
what's the
point with you
if a wife
asked her husband
to fix a problem
and he goes
don't know
can't tired
she wouldn't
love him anymore
useless men
men who are
not useful
are not loved
as a man
you're never
truly loved
for who you are
you're loved
for how useful
you are
and they'll
lie to you
about this
especially women
I'd love you
even if you
were a useless
loser
and why aren't
you with a useless
loser
you always
seem to be
with the winner
isn't that funny
you're loved
for how useful
you are
so if I want
to show love
to my friends
and family
I want them
to love me
which means
I have to be
ultimately useful
that's how I
show love
is that how
you show love
to women
yeah I'm the
guy people call
when they have
a problem
if you end up
with one phone
call
whether you're
kidnapped
arrested
trapped under
rubble
whatever it is
and you can
call one person
you can't entertain
if you have
my number
if you're
fortunate enough
you call me
I'm the problem
solver
they love me
I'd love people
who could fix
all my problems
if I had a number
I could call
to get rid of
this matrix attack
I'd love that guy
too
of course
I fix everyone's
issues
if you need
10 million dollars
you call me
so for that reason
I'm loved
and the way
I can show love
to them
is always being
able to fix
their problems
if you're a man
and you love
the people around
you
you better get
as strong
and rich
and competent
as possible
to show it
if you're a weak
useless man
how can you
even show love
hugs
you're weak
and useless
they don't want
your hugs
you're slimy
if you're a man
and you want to
show love to people
you need to show
it through competence
I don't know
how a man
who has no
constitution about him
can even show love
because that's how
love is shown
love is shown
via protection
physical
protection
protection
which can be
helping them
make the right
decisions
which comes
from wisdom
finance
you show love
by giving them
money so they're
protected
my woman will
not have to
wait at a bus
stop where
she can be
attacked
she'll get
picked up
by armed
guards
in a Rolls Royce
all that
requires my
competence
to show love
if I was
incompetent
how could I
even show
love
hold hands
hug
problem with
that is
do you hug
people
of course
but the
problem is
with a hug
from a guy
without competence
isn't scarce
it's not rare
it's needy
it's more like
a needy
I want your
energy out of
you
and it's easy
to find
and it's only
the scarcity
of something
that gives it
value
if you're a
normal dude
the biggest
problem you
have is that
your woman's
clearly fine
normal dudes
means you
better watch
out when she
goes to order
a KFC
bucket
because she's
going to
order from
a normal
dude
you might
give her
a smile
extra little
packet of
ketchup
before you
know she's
on her back
I don't have
to worry
about that
I don't have
to worry
about that
because there's
no one
on my echelon
my woman
can go
through life
for the next
20 years
interacting with
dudes at
shopping malls
whatever
and it's just
like you're
not Andrew
you're not
Andrew
you're not
Andrew
you're not
Andrew
there's no
one else
up here
up the top
of the mountain
so
but I show
love to her
by being that
guy
so if you're
a man
and you want
to show
love to the
people around
you
you need
to get up
and become
important
and strong
and rich
and if you
don't have
the motivation
to do that
then you don't
even love
the people
around you
you don't
love yourself
or anyone
else
that's how
I show
love
I show
love to
the people
who I care
about by
always being
the person
who can help
them when they
need
which means
I need to
get up
and train
I need to
get up
and work
I need to
make a bunch
more money
more connections
more important
friends
more houses
more everything
that's how
you show
love as a man
I don't see
how useless
men even show
love
I can't
think of a way
as a thought
experiment
if I was
a useless
man
how would
I show
love
and there's
no possible
way
because you
can flutter
with messages
that's what
useless men
usually do
flutter
with messages
flutter
with time
but your
time has
no value
so it doesn't
matter if I
give you a
10 million
useless pesos
they're useless
this is what
a lot of men
don't understand
it's kind of
interesting
when you become
ultra important
your time
is super
valuable
so my time
is
I know
England hates
me
but you know
what
the British
pound sterling
is still
the best
looking money
my time
is the British
pound sterling
one pound
if I give her
an hour a month
it has value
but if you're
Zimbabwean dollars
or whatever they had
Zimbabwean pounds
I think it was pounds
your currency is
completely valueless
you can give her
a million hours
it doesn't mean
anything
because you're
not important
this is what
unimportant men
don't understand
they're like
I text you all the
time
I send you flowers
I message you
I hug you
I flood your phone
I tell you how much
I love you
and you just
left me for that
guy
he doesn't even
reply
because his
one reply
is worth
a million hours
of your replies
because you're
a nobody
so even your
attention has
no value
when you're
useless
and you have
nothing else
to give
so what
how can you
show love
as a man
if you don't
have competence
I can't even
think of how
you can show it
that would be
actually a terrible
existence
to love people
and not be able
to show it
but if you truly
love them
you wouldn't
stay useless
maybe you don't
love anyone
maybe you're
just an empty
shell for the
matrix
maybe you're
a slave
part of the
AI machine
time to get
your QR code
stamped on your
forehead
interesting
if you love
anybody or
anything
you're going
to become
important
even if you
love your
town
you'll learn
to fight
you love
your city
you'll join
your army
whatever
love is the
bomb
love is the
driver for all
masculine
achievement
and competence
love
so I'm a man
full of love
by extension
my brutal
competence
is nothing
other than
proof of how
love filled
I am
what's a story
you've never told
or a secret
you've never shared
I got robbed
in Moscow
I don't think
I've ever told
this story
have I ever told
this one
let me think
don't think so
I got robbed
in Moscow
so
when was it
what happened
and I like Russia
and I like Russians
but it was the first
time I went to Moscow
three years ago
four years ago
so
do I tell this story
yeah
everything starts
with women
doesn't it
man they're such
an attack vector
so I'm talking
to this chick
blah blah blah
I'm ignoring her
she keeps messaging
me all the time
come Russia
come Russia
come Russia
I'm like no
I'm not coming to Russia
I've got things to do
then like seven other
baddies from Russia
start messaging me
everyone wants me
to go to Russia
why do all these
hot girls want me
to go to Russia
everyone wants me
to go to Russia
it sounds like a setup
something right
but I'm glad I can go to Russia
I can't get a visa
anyway it's too much work
then the football game
came there was some
football thing
I think it was a FIFA
I don't know football
Euro game
something it was in Moscow
and if you bought a ticket
you instantly got a visa
to go to Russia
so I was like
this is the easiest
a visa it's ever going to be
do I go
and I looked up
and I found a game
I think it was like
Poland versus Korea
or something
it was like six euros
this ticket to this game
it's like a six euro
Russian visa
with no work
okay
but I'm going to be
on my game
because I don't trust this
they're after me
the agents
so I buy this ticket
I get my visa
I fly to Moscow
I booked the Kopinski
in advance
the Kopinski hotel
because I think
if I stay in a five star hotel
I'll be okay
I land at the airport
I've got my bag
I go to walk out
guy in a yellow vest
goes taxi
taxi
I go to get in taxi
and he starts walking
towards the civilian car park
and this has happened to me
a lot of times in Eastern Europe
it happened to me in Moldova
even in Romania
it happens sometimes
people pretend to be taxis
but they're not taxis
and they try to get to their car
and I'm like
no
no
I want an official taxi
not get in your car
I'm like
I have a taxi
I was like
no no no
been around
goodbye
turned around
started walking back
to the taxis
him and his yellow vest
runs up
and goes
okay okay okay
and he points at this yellow car
that said taxi
in the taxi rank
taxi
and he goes
says something to him
in Russian
blah blah blah blah
and he goes
okay here's taxi sir
taxi
guy gets out
the taxi driver
taxi driver gets out
he's like
6 foot
130 kilo
Mongolian
like a wrestler
gets out
Zangief
yeah Zangief
Zangief gets out
and because this is how
my mind works
I look at him up and down
and go
could I take him
be messy
I'll be alright
but it'd be messy
so he gets out
he opens the trunk
ushers me to put my bag
in the trunk
put my bag in the trunk
close the trunk
get in the back of the car
the car starts driving
down the runway in Russia
and he has his phone
as the meter
which is the first
suspicious thing
and his phone is up there
and this number
Russian rubles
is going through
the fucking roof
I'm like
how much is the Russian ruble
I don't even know
so I get my phone out
and I turn on the data
and I get my text message
how I date us
25 pounds a megabyte
and I'm like
cool whatever
how much is the Russian ruble
and I worked out
I've been in this car
for four minutes
and I owe $600 in taxi
so there's no way
that's the taxi fare
so we're driving down
the highway
at speed
and I'm like
brother
this is fake
this is a scam
bro
and this is the weirdest
experience of my life
he totally ignored me
but what can you do
he's driving the car
and people don't ignore me
when I talk
so this big man's
driving the car
and I've tapped him
on the shoulder
saying you're trying
to rob me
I was like bro
you're trying to rob me
stop the car
and he's just like
just totally ignoring me
driving the car
so I'm like
what
I don't want to hit him
but I guess I kind of had to
so I shoved him
so the car moved a bit
and said stop the fucking car
I'm not paying this
I don't have the money
I don't have the money
bro
I've been around long enough
I know a killer
when I see one
and he turned around
and looked me dead in the eye
this man's killed someone
I swear to god
because I have that look
so I know when I see it
takes one to know one
looks me dead in the eye
looks back
gets the phone
dials the number
hands me the phone
because he doesn't speak English
I get the phone
I say hello
it's the first guy
who tried to take me
to the car
he goes
you wanted a taxi
I was like bro
I don't even have
this money on me
so I don't know
what you expect to happen
because I don't have
this money on me
he goes
you wanted a taxi
pay the fare
I said bro
I can't pay it
I don't have it
tell him to stop
at the nearest gas station
I'll give him the money
I have on me
and I'll get a real taxi
hold on
didn't even answer me
just hung up on me
I was like
what can I do here
if I hit this guy
I guess the car crashes
this other guy
isn't answering
they want money
I no longer have
so I tapped the guy
and I said
okay okay okay
I'll pay it
call your friend again
call your friend
gives me the phone again
I was like listen
I had like
I think I had like
$4,000 on me
I said look
I have $500
is all I have
I'll pay the $500
when we get to the end
if you let me out
the guy goes
no you paid the meter
hung up again
unbelievable
so I thought it would be smart
so I emailed
because my phone call
wasn't working
so I emailed the Kopinski
and said I'm having a problem
with the taxi
can someone be waiting
for me outside
the Kopinski hotel
it's urgent
please
I emailed their info
at Kopinski.Russia
as a complete random
and I thought
they'd never reply in time
they replied instantly
in the 20 seconds
yes sir
someone will be waiting
for you no problem
so I was like
ah
thank god they replied
to that
that's great
the concierge
can argue
the taxi driver
can work all this out
so now I'm just relaxing
I'm kind of chill a bit
and I just had to prod the guy
I was like
do you speak English then
totally not
I was like
you're friendly
so I'm just talking
so anyway
we pull up at the hotel
I'm all confident
right
guy's gonna be outside
pull up at the hotel
nobody's outside
no concierge
nothing
so I said to the guy
I go to get out
the car
I get out the car
the guy then gets out
the car
comes and he stands
face to face with me
like a boxing stare off
and shows me the phone
of how much I owe him
must by now
I didn't even know
what it is
$3,000 American dollars
something ridiculous
I said bro
I don't have it
he looks at me
like he's going to murder me
I don't have it
I said I have $500
that's all I have
he goes
using my ninja fingers
my hands
I reach in my pocket
and I ninja off
like $500
because I've got a pile
of money like this
so I'm like
I give it to him
and then
the f***er
takes the money
go
and I'm standing
at the back of the car
waiting for him
to open the trunk
gets in the car
and starts driving
down the road
I'm like bro
bro my bag
my bag
my bag
he stops
like five meters
later and goes
the rest of the money
he knew
they set me up
when I put my bag
in the trunk
at the beginning
and my bag's got
my laptop
my
all my clothes
everything
which is worth
thousands and thousands
of dollars
now if you're ever
getting a taxi
don't put your bag
in the boot
it was a setup
I was like
call your friend
so he calls his friend
I said listen
I've already given him
$500
it's very clever
what you did
with the bag
the guy from the
Kopinski is about
to come out now
I can't give you
more than this
we have to come up
to something sensible
he said I can go
to a cash point
and try and get
some more money
but I need my bag
and he goes
okay 500 more
I said fine
instantly peeled off
500
didn't bother
going to a cash point
and then guy gets
back out of the car
and me and him
have a Mexican standoff
at the back of the car
he opens up the boot
he grabs my bag
I've got the money
and we kind of
swap him
just after we've done that
after I paid this
fucker $1000
the guy from the Kopinski
walks out
oh Mr. Tate
need some help
I'm like yeah
help
carry my bag
you're useless
it's been 10 minutes
where have you been
well sorry Mr. Tate
useless
it's kind of funny
because for my other
four days in Moscow
I had a great time
I love the Russian people
they're very nice
I guess I was unlucky
but every time I left
the hotel
there was like a row
of taxis
and they all looked
like this guy
and they'd all stare at me
and I thought
I'm so glad I paid him
because I guarantee
if I got in a fight
with that guy
I'd be dead by now
they're just waiting
outside the Kopinski
these dudes
and the lesson is
never put your bag
in the back of a taxi
that's the lesson
for everybody
and that's the story
and I survived
and I had a great time
in Moscow
but I'm not going to lie
it did sour things
a little bit
for me
I was a bit nervous
on edge
and that's how I paid
a thousand dollars
for a taxi
turns out the official rate
which I found out
on the way back
to the airport
which was booked
from the hotel
I think it was like
six bucks
I got wrecked
but to lose my bag
and my luggage
was worth so much more
and surely
the thousand dollars
the lesson
was worth more
than the thousand dollars
yeah I mean
I like to look
in the eyes of killers
there's not many people
like that around anymore
in the west
so you kind of enjoyed it
in a way
I mean Russia's Russia
in the west
you don't see that
look very often
but it was a stark reminder
of the realities
of this world
because the realities
of the world
always boil down
to violence
and I understand
that very well
and sometimes
you get a little bit
comfortable
there are people
who walk around
through earth
they're walking around
I can look outside
right now
there's people
walking around
and they don't
understand
that every single
thing they rely on
and everything they love
is backed by violence
it always has been
it always will be
the whole underpinning
of a civilized society
is violence
the only reason
we don't need violence
is because there is
a threat of violence
and you can nail it down
to any law
and regulation
as simple as
a parking ticket
if you don't pay
your parking ticket
they will give you a fine
and if you don't pay
the fine
they will take you to court
if you don't go to court
they will take your house
and if you don't give them
your house
police will come
kick the shit
and throw you in jail
it ends in violence
in all things
and it was a good reminder
to understand that
making a mistake
putting my bag
in the back of a car
in the boot
as opposed to keeping it
on me
brought me this close
to a physical confrontation
with probably a Mongolian
wrestling champion
in the middle of a street
in Moscow
by myself
and it's a good reminder
that violence
is always so close
it's only a few steps away
at all times
and
and the reminder
that if you have enough money
you can buy yourself
out of death
well yeah
because if you hadn't
had a thousand
five thousand
or been rich
I would have been
in a lot of trouble
you could have been dead
I think so
and it was good also
to see that
I felt nerves
but they were the same nerves
I felt before I fought
I didn't feel fear
which was a good reminder
as well
to know that I'm still
not afraid
I get nerves
because the nerves
sharpen me
but I don't feel fear
which was a good thing
but I still remember
his eyes
I don't think I've ever
been looked at
like that in the west
and that's another thing
that we can tie back
into our whole conversation
we just had
about how certain societies
still operate
in a certain way
and our western societies
are so failed
maybe I should have
told him about LGBT
and feminism
and he might have
let me go
maybe I should have
said
this is bad
this is misogynist
maybe I should have
just talked some garbage
and he would have
let me off
or is the brutal reality
of the world
men who are prepared
to die for an idea
and his idea was
I owed him six thousand dollars
and he was ready
to kick the shit out of me
for it
and that's the bottom line
of all ideas
which we can also tie back
into what's very interesting
all these ideals
which are against men
are defended by men
think about it
if feminists go
to a feminist rally
and anyone tries
to interrupt that rally
who comes to stop you
men
police men
defend the idea
which is designed
to destroy them
do you remember
when America
left the Taliban
the America
sorry
America left Afghanistan
and the Taliban
took over like a day
I was having a debate
with some feminist
and she was talking
about how terrible
Afghanistan is going to be
because the women
can't go to school anymore
and women need to go to school
because they're equal to men
and blah blah blah
and I was saying
yeah well
I think women
shouldn't go to school
I'm not saying women
shouldn't go to school
but I'll argue that
in certain realms
women are not equal to men
she goes why
I said well
you just proved it
the American army left
the Afghanistani
defense force
the ADF
was left
to defend
the girls schools
the Taliban
started coming
imagine that
you've been hired
into the ADF
you get paid
225 dollars a month
you get given a gun
you're some guy
guard this girl's school
girls really need
to go to school
fine
stand there
America abandoned you
you no longer have air support
you no longer have night vision
they're gone
Taliban are gearing up
you see the dust
of the Humvees
in the distance
the pickup trucks
and they're coming
you're standing there like
do I want to defend
this girl's school
and they bounced
ooh
fair enough
so I said to her
why don't the women
defend the school
no
why should the women do it
you just told me
you're equal to men
well no
not that
so the men have to die
so you can go to school
feminist
I mean I'm just trying
to understand
I'm not attacking
your ideals
I'm understanding
you believe women
are equal to men
until it comes to
defending an idea
then men have to
defend your idea
which means
men are the only ones
who allow you to have
the idea in the first place
because if we don't
defend it
it doesn't exist
which means
we own feminism
it's ours
thanks
so much for strong
and independent
it's men's
it's all ours
so in the realities
of the world
all this garbage
falls away anyway
because the reality
of the world
is if you're not
prepared to die
to defend an idea
you don't have an idea
you're not allowed one
that's the bottom line
and that's what's so scary
about all these ideals
which are designed
to attack masculinity
is that the last
masculine men
which exist
defend it
last question
sure
is happiness
the purpose of life
and if it isn't
what is
okay
the purpose of life
from a boring answer
is to procreate
as much as possible
I believe a man
should have as many
children as possible
to further expand
I do not believe
happiness is the purpose
of life for a man
I believe happiness
is what children
should strive for
and I believe women
should aim to be happy
I believe happiness
is for women and children
I believe men
should have a sense
of purpose
I believe we should
live for something
if you live for happiness
then you're hedonistic
you go to festivals
you do drugs
you drink alcohol
you're an idiot
living for happiness
as a man
makes you an idiot
99% of the time
if you live for happiness
as a woman
you probably want to have
a good relationship
with your spouse
and you want to be giddy
and you want to laugh
and joke
and raise your children
and make pretty things
and it's pretty good
but male happiness
is just being an idiot
I think you need
a sense of purpose
as a man
I think you need
something to live
and to die for
if you feel purposeful
you'll never feel sad
you may be stressed
and you may be busy
but you'll never feel sad
and I think your purpose
can make you happy
but I don't think men
should be chasing happiness
they should be chasing purpose
I wouldn't describe myself
as a happy person
I don't wake up and go
yeah
I'm not two
I mean my chick's happy
yay Italy
yay private jet
wow this pasta's great
yay Ferrari
I'm just kind of like
whatever
she's happy
that's her job
that's why she's around me
she's the happiness
women bring the vibes
men bring the money
she's happy
good
I want her to be happy
I would hate to be
with a miserable woman
but I think men being happy
is kind of infantile
maybe I'm
I would hate to be
with a miserable woman
but I would like to
actually ask women
would you want to be
with a happy man
I think women love me
because of my competence
and because of what I can do
but imagine being
with a happy man
I don't know
I'm just speaking
you're a woman
and your man is happy
I love coffee
this is great
have you ever had
this wow
doesn't gay mean happy
I don't know
I'm just talking
I don't think I'm supposed
to be happy
I have things to do
important things
stressful things
I have things to do
I'm supposed to be
competent and purposeful
and I'm supposed to
attack the matrix
and tell the truth
and know Aikido
and make murderers
apologize to me in jail
and survive
the Mongolian wrestler
who wanted to kill me
and I'm supposed to do
all of that
I don't know at what point
I'm supposed to be
smiling like a child
my children are supposed
to be happy
the women around me
are supposed to be happy
but that's not my job
or my purpose
I think the men
who want to be happy
are losers
and I think that would
actually be a turn off
for most women
I think if a man
were to say to a woman
I just want to be happy
and don't want to have
any stress
I just want to be happy
I think a woman
deep in her heart
would be like
what?
what do you mean
to be happy?
pay my bills
I don't think she wants
that either
so if your base purpose
is to recreate
and being happy
I'm not saying
be miserable
at all
I think people
understand what I'm
saying here
and being happy
for the sake of
happiness itself
repels females
then I don't think
happiness is the purpose
of life as a man
no
you're supposed to be
important
was Genghis Khan
happy
you wouldn't have
thought so
I wouldn't
describe him as happy
he'd be described
as a lot of things
before happy
you'd say he's competent
you'd say he's successful
you'd say he's ruthless
you'd say he's smart
you'd say he was
a tactical genius
you'd say lots of things
before you ever
got to happy
if you ever got there
do we remember
the happy men of history?
what?
and plus
I mean
if you're purposeful
it's lasting
happiness is fleeting
that's the problem
which means
you're always going to be
chasing a higher high
you'll be happy
and then it'll go away
then you want to be
happy again
then it'll go away
you're going to end up
just doing dumb shit
that's how you become
a drug addict
I took a little bit of drugs
that made me happy
and now it doesn't work
so I'm going to take
more drugs
and this time I'll be happy
chasing happiness
is a spiral to nowhere
I will argue
that my largest
transformative periods
in my life
the times when I've done
the most amazing things
are not when I was
happy
it was when I was
the complete opposite
if you were to tell me
how do you
completely transform
your life
I'd say end up depressed
when you're depressed
you can transform your life
that's when your soul
is malleable enough
for you to do
whatever it requires
to go through the pain
that's when you can
look a guy in the face
and say shoot me
that's when you're dangerous
that's when you get things done
that's when you get rich
that's when you become a man
that's when you train
that's why I miss my nightmares
now I sleep
I'm mad at myself
I'm disappointed in me
I'm like what no
slept four hours
no
wake up
and swaying
and panicking
that's what I should be doing
I don't want to be happy
what I want to be happy for
I want to grab life
by the throat
and squeeze it
I want the matrix
to lock me up again
I don't care
it's kind of like
you know
I've always liked people
who are very competent
but depressed
I've known some people
who are like depressed
and miserable
but they're very competent
and I like them
because if I hired
a happy person
he's only one bad event
away from becoming useless
so this guy's already
at the bottom bro
and he's getting everything done
you can't hurt this guy
he has nothing to lose
I like him
give me more of this guy
like hey bro
your car just got stolen
yeah probably
those are the best
I love those guys
maybe I put on a happy veneer
but I'm kind of one of them
I expect any minute
for police to bust in here
and drag me away
I'll be like
told ya
do to do
who cares
happy people are
oh I'm sad
I don't know
I don't think men
should be operating
in this paradigm
another way I can answer
the question
is I think happiness
there's a really interesting
documentary about colors
and it was about
an African tribe
and it was talking about
how colors affect language
so in your book
this is red
and this is blue
because we've labeled
them as such
and they showed
this African tribe
that had different names
for very different shades
of green
and to them
they were clearly
different colors
but to us
they're just green
but this tribe
couldn't tell the difference
between red and blue
because to them
it was the same color
so they couldn't see
the difference in the colors
by how the language
determined
how your eyes
can detect colors
it was very interesting
and I think the same
can be for happy
if you set
the idea
of happy
as laughing
like a child
in Giddish
immaturity
then you're only
going to be happy
a couple of times
a month
truthfully
if you're an adult
but if you set
the bar of happy
as anything
over distraught
then you're always happy
when you feel
true pain in life
if your parent
were to die
your instant reaction
is silence
when someone's really hurt
they don't talk
when you're really depressed
you don't talk
my first day in jail
I didn't speak
you don't talk
when bad things happen
if you got a phone call
and someone said
all your family
just died in a car crash
you'd freeze
you don't talk
so if you set your mind
to say
if I am speaking
I am happy
because I'm clearly
not distraught
then I'm a happy person
most of the time
I'm happy 99.9%
of the time now
because I've decided
what happy is
but if you decide
I'm only happy
when I'm laughing
like a child
and I have no stress
at all
and nothing's going wrong
and I'm at a festival
and my girlfriend's love
loves me
well then you're
never going to reach it
and then you're going to
destroy your life
trying to reach it
so happiness is also
self-prescribed
so I think if you're a man
and your arms are functioning
and you can speak today
because nothing terrible
has happened
then you should be happy
and don't worry
don't worry guys
bad things are going to happen
they're going to come
you have nothing to worry about
there will be a day
you wake up
and somebody you love
has died
and you can be sad
that day
why waste a perfectly good day
being sad
when sad days
are guaranteed to come
everyone you love
is going to die
don't worry about it
sad days are coming to you
so I wouldn't have them
in advance
if I were you
I'd wait for a real reason
and just smile
something to dip
that's what I would say
and this show
is called Disruptors
what does that word
mean to you?
people who
break the paradigm
who attack the matrix
who disrupt
the normal flow
of the programming
which is
designed to be installed
in all of us
and I think
as much as I understand
and say
about how people
need to break free
I understand that
there has to be
matrix minded people
not everybody can break free
because society wouldn't work
we need the people
who believe in the garbage
and we need the people
who follow the programming
and we need people
who lose
so that winners can win
there's no light without dark
but anybody with a brain
is capable of having
anything they want in life
I believe the universe
is very giving
and perhaps
you will know
but I've never met anyone
who genuinely
tried their hardest
for anything
and never got it
I've never seen somebody
dedicate themselves properly
and not get it
I've never seen it
I've never seen somebody
try their best
and not get it
I've seen people
pretend to try their best
I've seen people
say they want it
and not get it
I've seen people
make excuses
for why they'll never have it
and not get it
but I've never seen anybody
who just wakes up
shuts up
works and not get it
ever
you can have anything
you want
and that's how you
disrupt the matrix
because most people
are lazy and stupid
so just to tie back
into my school
when I explain to people
for $49
I'll tell you exactly
what to do
and all you have to do
is follow instructions
sit there
and follow instructions
and you will have
everything you've ever desired
the car you want
the woman you want
the house you want
the holidays you want
all you have to do
is do the work
and you can disrupt the matrix
or you can stay lazy
you can stay inside
the slave programming
and there'll be people
who always do that
and we need them
because
you don't wash
your own cars
do you
I don't
so someone's got to do it
and that's how society functions
there's always going to be winners
and there's always going to be losers
this has been a pleasure
thank you Andrew
thank you very much
let me know your favourite parts
in the comments
let me know the parts
that pissed you off
in the comments
I know my favourite part
by a mile
I'll get in the comments
and engage with you
and what would Andrew say
about you not liking
and subscribing
and turning the notification bell
onto this channel
as a commitment to you
for being here
all the way to the end
of the content
and because I promised
I'm giving away
£30,000 worth of exclusive prizes
a Rolex
a one-to-one shadowing day
with me
where I take you out
on my supercars
and I take you
for a one-star Michelin dinner
and 20 silver coins
here is what you need to do
there are a small number
of secret questions
at robmore.com
forward slash Tate
go there
right now
answer the questions
you're automatically entered
I have one special
unannounced bonus
for everyone who enters
at robmore.com
forward slash Tate
and there will be three winners
of my £30,000 giveaway
and I'll be selecting the winners
from the first 100 correct answers
go now to robmore.com
forward slash Tate
